Children are now our poorest group, with almost 25 percent of children under 5 living below the federal poverty level.
Asked if she foresaw any conflict between her role atop the state’s education board and her work as a political operative, Dr. Tisch demurred.
Both are recipes for failure.” During Sunday’s final round of the BMW Championship, the third leg of the FedEx Cup playoffs, it will be Matt Kuchar’s challenge not to look back or ahead.
Ms. Jorgensen had a similar view.
... Deron Williams said he would not require surgery to fix bone spurs in his ankle.
NEWS For months, Damascus has hunched in a defensive crouch as fighting raged in suburbs, but a rebel advance has created a new level of alarm and disorder.
Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Road.
The company that operated a fertilizer plant in the city of West, where an April explosion killed 15 people, faces $118,300 in federal fines for two dozen serious safety violations, including a failure to have an emergency response plan, officials said Thursday.
Many legal arguments will be heard, and in the end the Court is likely to be swayed by an assessment of the potential implications.
American intelligence agencies gave regular briefings at the White House and the State Department concluding that Mr. Assad’s days were numbered, and on Aug. 18, 2011, Mr. Obama released a statement declaring that “the time has come for President Assad to step aside.” Some in the administration worried about making such a declaration in the absence of a strategy to help make it happen.
It’s perhaps no surprise the stock has surged 100 percent since April last year.
When Musetta, spending money she doesn’t really have, gives the dying Mimi a muff for her cold hands, Mimi assumes that Rodolfo has gotten her this coveted gift.
The phase of construction already completed, the first of three, represents about 60 percent of a $65 million project to be completed in 2016, carried out in partnership with the Aspen Country Day School.
The owner of an auto-detail business explains the importance of details like calling people back on the same day.
“This is an important conversation, for our children, for our communities, for Democrats and Republicans,” she said.
It is to Mr. B’s cherished memory that we dedicate this performance.” The works were “Who Cares?” (1970), “Ivesiana” (1954), “Tarantella” (1964) and “Stars and Stripes” (1958).
The news was also bad for the one-time Fox hit “Glee,” which was down 35 percent from its opening ratings a year ago.
Mr. Stavins said that countries like Australia, Japan and China were all experimenting to various degrees with systems like the one Europe adopted.
That’s down to seven now.
“That does not bode well for Japan’s relations in Asia at all.” Mr. Abe walks a fine line in part because the many facets of his agenda do not sit well together.
(The City of Los Angeles)
One of his more recent pieces, “Sider,” is a large-scale ensemble work in which his dancers — some wearing Elizabethan ruffs, others hoods — manipulate large cardboard panels, scrambling and weaving through an unsettling, rule-bound universe, occasionally speaking in a mysterious language of familiar rhythms .
An unoccupied residence at Sandgate also was set on fire, and the organ of the parish church of Penn was burnt yesterday, with three women subsequently detained.
Hacktivists, roughly speaking, are individuals who redeploy and repurpose technology for social causes.
Everybody in the village thinks it’s a hoot that the lad known as Cripple Billy dreams of becoming a movie star.
The state had already nearly disappeared under the corrupt rule of Mr. Bozizé, who was president for 10 years before being chased out by the rebels.
Tuesdays through Fridays, noon to 4:30 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 1 to 4:30 p.m. William Benton Museum of Art, 245 Glenbrook Road.
Ms. Black said in a telephone interview that before she issues a letter she ensures the client is eligible under criteria set by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition .
By the end of this year, 3 in 10 cellphone users around the world will be operating smartphones and subscribing to mobile broadband service, Ericsson predicted.
Charlie’s Main Street Cafe in the heart of downtown here is a monument to small-town Americana.
It is dealing with increased competition from big rivals like Samsung and Google, and with so many people already using smartphones, the market is not quite as untapped as it once was.
It joined more established institutions like the LaSalle College of the Arts, which opened in 1984, and the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts , founded in 1938, where Mr. Lee is now a third-year student in its diploma of fine art program.
Its heavy ideological content and propaganda style suggest it may have been produced to support the work of the military’s political commissars, who are charged with the ideological indoctrination of troops and maintaining their morale, discipline and loyalty.
Kunstler died later that year at 76.
Keys committed 32 unforced errors.
Before joining government, he served as a professor of international politics and as dean of the law school at Fudan University in Shanghai.
“I bet it’s sitting in someone’s dorm room.” He mentioned student housing nearby in Brooklyn Heights.
Sex is rarely a straightforward matter on college campuses, but in recent years it has been a particularly fraught issue at Yale University.
BAM Rose Cinemas, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, (718) 636-4100, bam.org; $13.
Japan’s defense ministry said it was tracking the Chinese vessels, and they turned away well before reaching the disputed islands.
At 9:30 p.m., Upright Citizens Brigade Theater, 307 West 26th Street, Chelsea, (212) 366-9176, newyork.ucbtheatre.com ; $5.
Even in this setting, which emphatically favored speed over style, Norman Dawood’s 1949 Cadillac Series 62 Club Coupe drew a crowd of admirers.
The new colonists say they are welcomed by the old-timers and describe the ease of colony life.
He was its candidate for president in 1992, 1996 and 2000.
Mr. Scolari recalled that on the “Buddies” set he and Mr. Hanks often talked about theater; sometimes when they felt particularly silly in their dresses, they would recite the titles of their favorite plays for ballast — like “Charley’s Aunt,” the last play Mr. Hanks did (in 1981, at his junior college) before “Lucky Guy.” Mr. Scolari, who was last on Broadway in 2012 in “Magic/Bird,” said that Mr. Hanks had changed little in the 31 years since “Bosom Buddies” ended, after two seasons.
These additions, though welcome, are hardly needed in a musical already chock-full of clever jokes — “something for everyone,” as Sondheim’s lyric proclaims.
The president’s budget proposes that interest rates for new student loans, which are currently set by Congress, instead be tied to the government’s cost of borrowing.
The concerts, he said, came about only because of his long relationships with supportive presenters.
It’s a deal and there isn’t much risk.
On her way, Mrs. Rooney is offered, and sometimes accepts, assistance from an assortment of villagers, who are not thanked for their pains.
The pedestrian bridge, opened in 1848, was a popular gathering spot in the early 1900s, a place where people took in the scenery in the latest fashions.
I am not exactly sure what the term “need-based financial aid” means.
But the standout here was the pork chops — the crust had a lovely crunch to it, and its tomato sauce was delicious.
We have a neighborhood which now seems like a mental ward.” Should Los Angeles enact such an ordinance, it would join a roster of more than 30 cities, including Philadelphia, Raleigh, N.C., Seattle and Orlando, Fla., that have adopted or debated some form of legislation intended to restrict the public feeding of the homeless, according to the National Coalition of the Homeless .
Mr. Saft says he has used the process to require buyers with “shaky” finances either to find a guarantor or put several months’ common charges in escrow.
The obituary wouldn’t have needed a lot of space to get that point across.
His father is the chief scientific adviser of New A Innovation Limited, an oncology pharmaceuticals company in Hong Kong.
“The picture is also different at the macro level.” He added that “Malta should be off the screens for quite some time.” The European Commission expects growth on Malta, an island economy of 450,000 people, to pick up this year and next, driven by rising domestic demand and increased net exports.
It’s a fairly jarring one-two slap, the kind of spectacle you know you should probably look away from, but by the time you force yourself to hunt down the remote, the ending credits are rolling.
He continued, “Once you open up this can of worms, there are a lot of issues here.” President Bill Clinton signed the marriage act into law in the months before his re-election in 1996.
Thus, companies are moving the starting line.
Noah Smith says I’m Voltron the Invincible .
Like Renault and Nissan, it has sought to position itself as a pioneer of mass production of electric vehicles.
The scene could have been mistaken for a happening nightclub, but it was actually a recent class at JumpLife, a fitness studio in TriBeCa where the bouncing takes place on personal, low-to-the-ground trampolines, not a dance floor.
‘Love in the Time of Cholera’ Directed by José Zayas and performed by an efficient four-actor crew, Caridad Svich’s adaptation of the Gabriel García Márquez novel is pleasing but lightweight.
But experts say corporate bankruptcy procedures are significantly different from municipal bankruptcies.
“These things are very important for many countries to be able to expand the assistance they give,” said William Hague, the British foreign secretary.
7 Michigan (23-4, 10-4 Big Ten) defeat visiting Illinois (20-9, 7-8).
The top-ranked bank overall was Ally Bank, an online-only bank that met six of the seven “best” practices identified by Pew, and nine of 11 “good” practices.” Two of the biggest banks, Citibank and Bank of America, ranked in the top five over all, with five “best” practices each.
— KAREN CROUSE Gavin Hall, an amateur from Pittsford, N.Y., holed his second shot on the par 4 No.
¶ Teams will play each divisional opponent four or five times a season, each opponent in the conference’s other division three times, and each team in the other conference twice.
The Kindle Fire is still clearly intended to show off the books, TV shows, music and videos you’ve bought from Amazon.
“It would have been great if we got methane,” Dr. Atreya said.
I thought the next show was ‘Streetcar.’ ” Hopscotching in time, the play tosses out jokes and lore and snippets of philosophy and melodrama indiscriminately.
I’ve already given up smoking.
Senator Patty Murray of Washington State, the shepherd of the Senate Democratic budget proposal, proposed raising nearly $1 trillion in new revenue over the next 10 years by cutting tax expenditures and using the money to reduce the deficit.
NEW HAVEN “Recent Paintings and Photographs,” Jan Cunningham.
And unless carbon capture and storage technology changes drastically, say the researchers, its use will not cause the planet’s carbon budget to change significantly.
It’s not easy to portray the workings of imagination onstage.
But they sure don’t look like one-week wonders.
On a day of overcast skies and misty rain, tens of thousands of Americans — black, white and every shade in between — returned to the site of Dr. King’s “I Have a Dream” speech to listen to the nation’s first black president pay tribute to the pioneers who paved the way for his own ascension to the heights of American government.
Brandon Bass, a starter most of last season, but underachieving in pretty much every role this season, returned to the first five, joining Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett on the front line.
Until recently, the authorities here feared that without an effective means of pressuring North Korea, openly challenging the North on human rights would only make it more repressive and less willing to engage in international efforts to denuclearize the country.
“You have to look at the way they scored goals, too.
So what about the musical end of the Joe’s Pub show?
If Willy Wonka can grow to be their size and shrink back to fit on their shoulder, then they have introduced themselves to the concept of ratio.
The Chinese government has called the Tiananmen Square events, in which five people died, including the three in the vehicle, and 40 people were injured, a “carefully planned, organized, and premeditated” terrorist attack carried out by a group of Uighur extremists from Xinjiang, Mr. Roberts noted.
Yet I feel completely powerless.
Other shows will go on.
Mr. McAleer said he planned to post a video on YouTube later on Monday that would show the confrontation and that he said would support his account of events.
Ms. Shaw, a violinist and singer who humbly describes herself as a musician, not a composer, wrote “Partita” for Roomful of Teeth , the eight-voice ensemble of which she is a member.
[ Daily News ] • An 18-year-old ran out onto Citi Field during the All-Star Game after a Twitter dare.
He has posted Side 1 on his web page , and said he would sell copies at the WFMU Record Fair, Friday through Sunday.
The euro zone’s recovery would then be further delayed, and the E.C.B.’s credibility destroyed.
on July 15, contingent on approval of the exchange.
On a day that had been set aside to discuss the Nets’ plans for Thursday’s N.B.A.
attacked the Republican approach, accusing Congressional Republicans of engaging in hostage-taking.
The two couples who sued to overturn California’s ban on same-sex marriage were married late Friday afternoon, just hours after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, lifted the stay that had been in place.
He values loyalty and a conservative approach, which can be a bit frustrating when Manager Dusty Baker orders another year’s worth of bunts.
In a 1991 interview with the British newsmagazine The Economist, Mr. Heaney described his essential professional mandate.
And that’s not even counting the Related Companies, which along with Oxford Properties Group controls the 26 acres of the old rail yards, a six-block site that in many ways has become a symbol of the area.
As the stock market continues to climb, trading has increasingly migrated from established bourses like the New York Stock Exchange to private platforms, including dark pools, that are largely hidden from public view.
The art forger Ken Perenyi remembers Anthony Masaccio as a practiced partner in the sale of fake paintings, a man with movie-star looks and the nickname Tony Cha Cha who mingled with models and artists in the back room of Andy Warhol’s hangout Max’s Kansas City during the 1970s.
Mr. Ponce’s sentencing in Brooklyn Criminal Court was a sobering change of fortune for a man who was once widely admired as a success story among Mexican immigrants in New York City.
For one, it is likely to be the last policy to come from the current configuration of the trading commission.
And they renewed calls for Mr. Singh to resign as well.
There was no victory music played over the stereo and players dressed in near silence as they processed another loss amid a win, typical of the season.
At first, the recall drive was against four Democrats.
Questions about how to compensate these families have a greater resonance this year, one of the deadliest for wildfire crews in a decade.
At present there are 535 Indian prisoners, including 483 fishermen, languishing in Pakistani prisons, and a total of 272 Pakistani prisoners in Indian jails, according to Mr. Akbaruddin.
It is the biggest development in this city’s buzzing financial district, and even Olympics-jaded Londoners call it grandiose: two bronze-and-stone towers, connected by sky-bridges atop the ruins of a 2,000-year-old Roman temple.
“I’m thinking about places in Europe,” Mr. Hollander said, “and eventually Asia, India and China.
A few cracks sprouted in the moving wall of people following Martin Kaymer and Rory McIlroy in the second round of the P.G.A.
The French are like that.
He added that the “stigma about mental illness treatment in this country” is a contributing factor to gun violence.
Mr. Cameron, whose leadership has been widely questioned among a powerful bloc of mainly right-wing Conservative legislators, said he would not change the policies that have led to discontent with him and suggestions that the party seek a new leader before the 2015 general election.
He started in Eastern Europe, where the fall of the Berlin Wall permitted the company to purchase beer companies in Central and Eastern Europe.
COMING UP TODAY • Joseph J. Lhota greets commuters at Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s subway stop on East 77th Street this morning.
Even more important, we go in after storms and write big checks so towns can put the roads, sewers and beach sand right back where they were.
ARGUABLY, New York’s identity politics peaked in 1945.
The collections, which sell for $1,500 to $40,000, are mostly made in Hong Kong, but high-end pieces are manufactured in New York, Italy and Kuwait.
And he asked them if they would help him out.
#txwx //t.co/LqJsXLlzfA — NWS Fort Worth (@NWSFortWorth) 25 Nov 13 Finally, after 2 flight changes and 2 delays, I’m on my way back home to #dfw… Or so I hope.
Then last year, the folks at Single Stop and the Robin Hood Foundation , which has financed it, began thinking about whether their model could be used to help veterans reintegrate into civilian life.
The patriarch, Ahmad Abu Hashem, is an activist who videotapes arrests and clashes for the Center for Freedom and Justice , an advocacy group.
A host of cultural and sociological factors probably account for that.
Since then, he has been knocking balls out of the park about once every other game.
$3 and $5; members, children and students, free.
Among the critics was Jim Messina, a former Baucus aide who regards the senator as a second father and was then Mr. Obama’s deputy chief of staff.
In a series of letters sent to the F.C.C.
What did work out was Fosse’s happening into doing dances for “The Pajama Game” on Broadway in 1954, and turning a union-meeting scene into the electric “Steam Heat” number.
The Justice Department will now have to decide whether to appeal the judge’s decision.
“It was good for you; how was it for me?” d. What do Freudians say after they make love?
Hours later, on Saturday evening, agents with the F.B.I.
At the moment, Arthur Ashe is frank that he is not making a lot of money out of the highly professional industry which masquerades as amateur tennis.
Much of the attention has been focused on testimony by James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, to the Senate in March that the N.S.A.
Twice overseas, he had close calls with terrorists who were trying to kill Western officials.
for five years or less, would probably receive smaller payouts, the Hausfeld letter said.
Mr. Roth writes in a gently self-mocking, utterly disarming style that gives “The Unknowns” an unusual type of tension.
Projections kick in, filling all 360 degrees of the space with an initial sequence that simulates being lowered into the ground — faster and faster, toward the core of the earth, until, surprisingly, the journey terminates in outer space.
Anyway, Will Nediger is back with a puzzle that echoes.
Fees, on Monday postponed Mr. Horn’s sentencing to March 4 to give the various parties more time to determine how much money was pilfered from customer accounts, according to lawyers representing the broker’s clients.
Orb has run 10 times and won 5 races.
But Mr. Del Roscio and Ms. Sylvester say in their suit that the value of the artwork Twombly left behind has been grossly overstated by Mr. Lerner and Mr. Saliba, a financial adviser based in New England who met Twombly about a decade before his death.
11-1545, concerned a 1996 federal law that requires state and local authorities to act “within a reasonable period of time” after receiving applications for building or altering wireless facilities.
The description of the mayhem from survivors and statements by band members themselves, two of whom were taken into police custody on Monday in connection with the fire, revealed a frantic struggle for survival that lasted no more than a few minutes.
We also tried an excellent syrah from the Barossa Valley, a source of many in the flamboyant style.
How did you pay for these things?
The presence of the drawings on Mr. Calatrava’s website was noted on Tuesday by The New York Post .
Dish, in part, sought to drum up fears based on SoftBank’s ties to Chinese telecommunications equipment makers.
“He was one of the greatest,” Foyt said, “and we were still close up to his death.” Bignotti’s talents included the ability to coax maximum horsepower from an engine and managing the large crews that were necessary as racing became more sophisticated.
I was wearing a helmet and all that, so by the time Iya and our friends ran up, I was up and righting the scooter, feeling nothing more than embarrassment.
And there has never been a witch-centered blockbuster to rival the vampire craze of “Twilight” or even the zombie walk-generating fan devotion to “The Walking Dead.” “We have development meetings where we talk about what kind of shows we want to do, and what kind of shows we think will attract a mass audience,” said Nina Lederman, the senior vice president for scripted series at Lifetime, whose programs target a mostly female audience.
Spain, the reigning world champion, beat host Finland, 2-0, on goals by Jordi Alba and Álvaro Negredo.
The new map, according to Asian diplomats who have seen it, takes a further step and redesignates the nine-dash line as a national boundary.
“Immigrants contribute on net to Social Security and health care,” he said.
But legally, they must pay every penny until the property has been reassessed.
The whole thing was shot on a light table with a clear plexiglass surface, and when I was done, it was quite the mess to deal with.
But Jackie Calmes writes that whereas Democrats were sympathetic to Mr. Reagan, Republicans are decidedly impatient with Mr. Obama.
In March, ground attacks by the insurgents killed four police officers and four Afghan soldiers in the Dangaam district of Kunar Province.
Still, she’d come to a breaking point, and it seemed impossible to go on as things were.
Industrialization often carries a cultural cost that includes more sedentary behaviors and the spread of sugary drinks and heavily processed foods.
Barchi, a physician who had been president of Thomas Jefferson University, a Philadelphia medical school, was considered an ideal person to oversee the merger.
According to the study’s authors, native-born American students of both sexes steer clear of math clubs and competitions because “only Asians and nerds” would voluntarily do math.
Photo Workers removing a high-voltage underground electrical cable in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Jeff Green led the team with 26 points.
It’s no wonder that Don seduces Megan when he goes home, because, as Pete says, it’s never been about the money for Don.
TRENTON “Boomerang,” work by members of Movis, a group of collaborative professional artists.
The San Antonio Spurs’ title hopes might depend on the health of Tony Parker’s right hamstring, which apparently might last through the end of the N.B.A.
In a rare quiet moment amid the usual barrage of instructions on how to navigate the rural western Pennsylvania roads, our son spoke up.
Floyd Abrams, a First Amendment lawyer who defended The New York Times in the Pentagon Papers case, said political motivation is irrelevant.
Find a way to meet with a smaller group of students informally.
These flows, however, generate smaller features that are not as predictable: turbulence.
“With mainstream readers warming to the work of Neil Gaiman and George R. R. Martin , we see this as a crossover moment for Terry, an opportunity to expand his audience.”
I suspect it began when I realized it was none of my business how long my son waited to start looking for an apartment when he was about to begin a new school year in Manhattan.
And it takes a very talented actress to play a gung-ho camp director who isn’t foolish or comically annoying.
It’s a very, very clean job.
Hadas is sometimes classified as a New Formalist, but it’s a misleading and restrictive label, seeing as how she has mixed free and formal verse ever since her 1975 debut, “Starting From Troy.” Some of her previous 14 volumes possess cool, classical surfaces and meditate like essays in abstract language.
Furthermore, the drones had not been certified to fly in European civilian or military air space.
If we do succeed in “saving” these jobs, it may be only by converting higher-paid jobs to lower-paid ones — hardly a long-term strategy.
GETTING NOTICED It’s always nice when someone tells you: “Love your show.
Statistically, the 49ers have led the league almost all season.
With a single, green vertical light piece on the wall like an icon, the ensemble creates a futuristic, ecclesiastical ambience.
“We see that area as a strong residential community with a thriving tourist market that is only getting stronger,” said Matthew Whitman Lazenby, the operating partner of Bal Harbour Shops and a grandson of the company’s founder, Stanley Whitman.
Mr. de Blasio, conceding that Mr. Lhota had a “much-ballyhooed résumé,” retorted that his opponent did not understand the harshness of day-to-day life in New York City, that he learned leadership inside a reckless Giuliani-era City Hall, and that his “trickle-down” economic plans would blow a hole in the city’s budget.
How many people were you managing?
Restaurant people love to tell stories.
But that has not happened yet.
Coast is confident that, given time, Google’s map will be surpassed by the O.S.M.
A search on Amazon’s Japanese website found more than 60 books specifically on phone manners, and dozens more on business etiquette in general.
Weave that into your mind, and the picture presented by Kicker magazine after the semifinals sums it up: Its cover had the Champions trophy on the national flag and the words: Made in Germany.
Let’s be honest about the art fairs that concluded on Sunday in Miami.
And with its new Encore, Buick is bravely venturing into barely charted terrain at the small end of the utility market, where the mini-Buick, along with the BMW X1 and Mini Countryman, is blazing an upscale trail that other brands will soon follow with their own small-scale, yet upscale, crossovers.
Gourmet coffee and ice cream at 7-Eleven.
Had the test been interpreted properly, he said, the cement could have been fixed and the accident would not have happened.
A mangrove forest provides local services to its owners like filtering pollutants, reducing sedimentation and protecting villages and cities against rising seas and tsunamis.
Scientists have long suspected that our big brain and powerful mind are intimately connected.
He achieved commercial success with “Hero,” a martial arts film, and was commissioned by Communist Party leaders to direct the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
There have been a number of instances of extreme violence involving Millwall fans that date to the 1930s, though the club has tried to weed out that segment of its fan base.
Forces in the Far East since early in 1953.
Apollo Tyres still wants to acquire Cooper Tire and Rubber.
“They’re saying many of the right things,” a senior administration official said.
North Korea warned Tuesday that foreigners living in the South should evacuate because the country was on the brink of nuclear war.
The military cargo, which included many ammunition crates that had been painted over with white or black paint, was found in hidden compartments, American officials said.
Moreover, many technologies now used to sample human brain activity at high resolution require opening the skull, dramatically restricting what is possible.
Mr. Sadeghpourosko’s artwork covered the walls of the living room, which the Yellow Dogs used as a practice space.
Li Na has less comic material available than usual this year in Melbourne.
Gretzky, who managed Team Canada to a gold medal in the 2002 Salt Lake Olympics, replied: “I’m not going to get in the middle of that controversy because Stevie Yzerman obviously knows what he’s doing.
Mr. Albanese is sometimes an hour early, which is almost an hour before everyone else rushes in.
Perhaps the most attractive is Solar, $2 on iOS.
Two seasons ago, when he morphed overnight from a shaggy ’60s hippie to a shaved boot-camp recruit, there was a lot of teasing from musicians onstage, from raucous audience members and from Mr. Wadsworth, who still takes in concerts from a box over the stage, offering the occasional snarky comment.
Place in the oven on the middle rack and bake 40 to 45 minutes, until dry, beginning to crack in the middle, and firm.
About two dozen injuries, most of them minor, have been reported.
The e-mails, many of which were dispatches between the traders, show that Mr. Tourre told colleagues at Goldman that the mortgage security was “selected by ACA/Paulson,” referring to Mr. Paulson’s hedge fund and ACA Management, the independent company Goldman hired to choose the mortgages in the deal.
Free with suggested museum admission: $10; $6 for students and 65+; free for children 12 and under and members; $20 for families, with maximum of two adults.
Bender is best known for the fabulist elements of her stories, and this new book features many deliberately nondescript characters referred to simply as “the woman” or “the new teacher,” “the ogre” or “the ogre’s wife.” But some of the most successful stories here (the ones that don’t suffer from an excess of peripeteia or whimsy) are those that explore less fabulist locations and people, like the college roommates divided by radically different tastes in boyfriends in “Bad Return” or the Valley girl in “Lemonade,” who drives up and down La Cienega Boulevard and roams the Beverly Center mall with her friends, trying to bring happiness to everybody and every­thing she meets (even traffic lights): “I like to smile at the men who look mean so they know I believe in their better selves.
JENNIFER LYNCH , Centerville, Mass., posted on nytimes.com This is just like Disney manufacturing the next teen pop star.
That injunction was overturned in 2011.
Lukas Podolski, an Arsenal player who didn’t make it in Munich, popped up to head the first goal Bayern has conceded since mid-December.
“They are a very simple design, easy to use and aren’t very expensive.
But while cutting workers can help reduce the current year’s costs, it moves many of those people into the ranks of retirees, putting heavy long-term pressure on Detroit’s two public pension funds.
Under the circumstances, this rings of an earnest declaration of purpose or a desperate glimmer of hope.
Much the same can be said of many of those 38 sub-Saharan African countries where homosexuality is still illegal.
With March still chilly in Paris, the flock of bustier dresses suggested that the designer might be thinking less of the Dior customers and more of his triumph at the Academy Awards with Jennifer Lawrence’s ballgown (even if she did take a tumble).
“Whatever the league does about that situation, for what he did to Lance, it’s well deserved whatever the punishment is.” Wade did not make himself available to the news media.
Morgan Stanley has shrunk its fixed income department, where most of its risk taking was embedded.
In January, in her State of the State address, she took credit for reforming the hotline system that had closed thousands of neglect and abuse calls without further study.
Senior officials with the Department of Veterans Affairs said on Wednesday that they have begun taking steps to fix problems at an embattled veterans medical center here, including hiring new senior leadership, adding primary care doctors and reviewing X-rays and CT scans that might have been misread several years ago.
Aesop Rock has the grimmest moments on this album; often it’s up to Ms. Dawson to leaven the mood ever so slightly.
And for sure, many of my patients continue to lead vibrant, joyous lives in their 80s and 90s — volunteering, traveling, remarrying, spending time with family.
They also touched on “the life of the Catholic community in Russia,” according to the Vatican, but the Holy See spokesman, the Rev.
Join the suave men with white hair and pressed suits inside the sweeping corner space, lined with warm wood and decorated with framed photos and artifacts that illustrate its long affiliation with racecar driving.
‘The Paper Bag Players Saddles and Sunshine’ (Thursday) Robert Frost knew that good fences don’t always make good neighbors; sometimes what you really need is a bear.
At one point, Santiago, a curly-haired freshman from Colombia, stood before the crowd.
La película “Traffic” fue aclamada como un punto de referencia para entender las fuerzas entre las dos fronteras que potenciaban la guerra contra el narcotráfico.
“With baby boomers reaching retirement age at a rate of 10,000 a day,” she notes, “the number of lonely Americans will surely spike.” There are public and private ways to manage this loneliness epidemic — through social workers, therapists, even pets.
Describing both Kowalski and Ironside as aggressive and animalistic, Mr. Underwood, 49, said each role “can be straightforward and mercurial and volcanic but also very vulnerable all at once.” He continued, “I’ve played that character in independent films and onstage, but I haven’t done him a lot in mainstream television,” where he’s still perhaps best remembered as the cocky charmer Jonathan Rollins on NBC’s “L.A.
Even as government officials in Israel and Saudi Arabia express doubt that Iran can be trusted, it is not too early to think about steps that will have to be taken if the talks with Iran succeed.
I’d rather have them in a traditional well-seasoned couscous (the chickpea is ubiquitous in North Africa) or an inspired Indian dish, like chana dal masala, made with black chickpeas.
Given the typical 10 percent down payment in New York, “you’re talking about a very significant amount of money at risk,” Mr. Israel noted.
(da Fonseca-Wollheim) Metropolitan Museum Artists in Concert (Friday) This group, whose artistic coordinator is the cellist Edward Arron, has earned a strong reputation for its fiery performances and innovative programs.
For Scatuorchio and Sullivan, this victory, at this track — the Shore’s Greatest Stretch, as it is called — represented vindication for a Derby gone wrong.
There’s the fact that no one has ever tried anything this ambitious in Azerbaijan.
I’m happy.’ No, you were there to win, and he was very strong-willed, and he wanted to win and did a lot of the time.” There is not a complete record of all of his victories, but Trickle once estimated he won 1,200 races in his career.
Plans released by the Tel Aviv city government this year call for rerouting buses to one of two alternative stations – one next to the Tel Aviv 2000 Terminal on Arlozerov Street in the north of the city, and another by the Holon highway junction to the south – and either repurposing the existing building as a cultural, academic and commercial campus, or demolishing it entirely.
OLD LYME “Mixing It Up,” works by Judy Friday.
As it happens, this $1.4 million retreat is home to one of Plainfield’s — if not New Jersey’s — most notable couples.
He may not like it, but people are going to want to know: Who is this guy?
“If needed, everything can be restarted, nothing is being dismantled for now.” But if they do receive such a signal, the hard-liners have the money and means to mobilize a formidable opposition.
Sherman’s advance up the Yazoo River was hampered by Confederates mines, one of which sank the ironclad Cairo.
“Next Thing You Know,” musical by Joshua Salzman and Ryan Cunningham.
People: 6,297 Chinese Restaurants A National Public Radio report explains how young adults with autism can thrive in high-tech jobs.
Outbound investment began to gain traction only with the establishment of a national “going out” policy in 1999.
While steps that could strengthen China’s claim to the islands known as Diaoyu in China and the Senkaku in Japan are welcomed by much of the Chinese public, they also heighten expectations for government resolve.
He was sober, young – probably around 30 years old.
Caroline Kennedy was not even 6 years old when her father was assassinated 50 years ago.
Uri and Elizabeth, San Francisco We restaurant patrons have just a few wands in our bag of tricks when it comes to our favorite watering holes: regular attendance and cash.
Corruption is endemic, consuming an estimated $300 billion a year , 16 percent of Russia’s gross domestic product.
The two scientists were cited for transforming what had been a rough outline into a number of molecular activities to provide insights into the elaborate mechanisms at the crux of neurological activities, from the simplest to the most sophisticated.
This strange and sudden change in the girl’s body had brought her promising career to a halt and her life to a standstill.
Today Argentina once again has a strong civil society, an electoral democracy and a dynamic political culture with no place for the military in politics.
Of their last seven games, only three were against teams that had a winning record entering Saturday.
He frames his central question as a straightforward one: Did the Working Families Party sell a retail service — campaign management and canvassing — to favored candidates at a wholesale price?
1, prevailing in the second.
OUTDOOR SPACE: Next to the main house is a working turkey coop and a storage barn; near a corner of the property is a small storage building modeled after a traditional sugar house, a shack for making maple syrup.
“We know that a lot of good people are trying to make things happen.” Looking into the camera, she said that people should “ask themselves if they are doing enough to bring about real and meaningful change.” If not, she said, people should ask, “Why not?” On the day after Gov.
As spectators looked on, Mr. Warner roared off on his blue Suzuki Hayabusa, a customized, fiberglass-swathed model muscled up with a 1,200-horsepower engine.
At 8:30 and 11 p.m., Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, (212) 581-3080, birdlandjazz.com; $30 and $40 cover, with a $10 minimum.
He co-opted his opposition, and ran for president unopposed.
WHITE PLAINS “Hurricane Sandy: Through the Lens of Local Photographers.” Through April 27.
“I grew up seeing beauty and being comfortable in that industrial setting.” The interiors, particularly upstairs, are softer and reflect the couple’s initial inspiration for building the home, Mr. Measer said.
He also has a sophisticated grasp of the notion that in some situations, clear-cut answers never arrive.
Venezuelans went to the polls on Sunday to elect hundreds of mayors around the country in a vote seen as an early test of the fledgling president, Nicolás Maduro, and his ability to carry the country further along the socialist path laid out by his predecessor and mentor, Hugo Chávez.
They spend about six weeks planting and six weeks harvesting, with much of the summer freed up to do other farm work.
“We would have meetings with national vendors who shall go unnamed who would say things like, ‘We wouldn’t open a bookstore in Harlem because African-Americans don’t read,’ ” Mr. Walker said.
At 8:30 and 10:30 p.m., Zinc Bar, 82 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 477-9462, zincbar.com; $20 in advance, $25 at the door.
But the latest results were affected by a drop in the number of stores reporting monthly sales, including the loss of big names like Target and Macy’s.
They had packed into a funeral tent for the ceremony when the suicide bomber, apparently masquerading as one of the aggrieved, blew himself up.
On Mondays — his day off — they spend the entire day together, an event he calls “Emmett and Daddy’s Day of Mischief and Fun,” which consists mainly of running errands, because for Chris errands are fun and he hopes to instill in his son the same giddy sense of accomplishment he feels when crossing an item off a list.
In the end, however, her Agnes ­emerges as painfully human, not idealized.
Another mezzo-soprano might have feared comparison with Joyce DiDonato, who sang the role in 2011, but Ms. Deshayes fully filled her tall leather riding boots, bringing heartfelt urgency to the opera’s most honest, astute and sympathetic character.
“The only thing he can handle is a motorbike,” said Congressman Felipe Solá, referring to the acting president’s hobby.
LARCHMONT Larchmont Public Library “Art Within Nature,” photographs.
With fly-on-the-wall access and a photographer’s ability to disappear into the background, Mr. Souza hit it off with Mr. Obama and his key aide, Robert Gibbs.
With the interplay of Congress and the presidency bordering on the dysfunctional these days, is there a more accomplished Washington figure than the scholarly and respected Ben S. Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve?
But if Intel, Google or another firm succeeds in selling a cablelike bundle, some of those existing distributors would almost certainly start doing the same thing.
A 17-year-old is clinging to life after being shot in the head at a BP gas station in Brownsville, Tenn., Friday night.
Also, strong rental demand in the island means that while there is a relatively short peak period — known as the “100-day core” — yields are so great that they typically cover annual costs for properties, he added.
As recently as 2010, The Reporter would have had a hard time persuading its own etiolated staff to gather for a party, much less marquee stars.
April 21 at 3 p.m. $22 to $73.
Under a startlingly thin layer of atmosphere, vast expanses of desert ceded to forests that gave way to the oceans that make up 70 percent of Earth’s surface.
He’s a brilliant, exacting draftsman; he also knows how to give his pictures a cinematic energy, especially in the way he “cuts” from page to page.
He said he feared that more children who were not dark-skinned and brown-eyed “could be taken away, one after the other, for DNA test after DNA test.” “It’s outrageous.
The lack of economic recovery for low income New Yorkers is at odds with gains at the top of the income ladder, reflected in soaring real estate prices, rising stock prices and big Wall Street bonuses.
On Monday night, in the first game of the Warriors’ second-round series against the Spurs, Curry showcased his picture-perfect teardrop.
His 11.8 points a game were the second lowest of his career only to his rookie season, but his creativity, composure, scoring and ball handling are critical to the team’s success.
But under international law, parties to armed conflict must minimize harm to civilians in a war zone and observe rules about what is or isn’t a lawful military target.
In a clear sign of its dissatisfaction with the direction of the company, the board of J. C. Penney gave its chief executive, Ron Johnson, a pay cut of almost 97 percent, to $1.9 million, for 2012, according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday.
These ideas were good when he first proposed them as part of the American Jobs Act , and they remain essential ingredients of long-term economic growth.
Yet Puerto Rico ousted Japan , the two-time defending champion, allowing just six hits in a 3-1 victory.
Instead, he wrote, “the regulatory oversight of wireless carriers will continue to atrophy as the digital nature of the wireless business separates it from the legal nexus with traditional analog telecom regulation.” The commission also is awaiting the outcome of a case before a federal appeals court that could decide whether the F.C.C.
WHAT is France’s historic relationship with Mali?
He and his wife have since separated.
In 1986, Eurasian zebra mussels first appeared in the United States, in Lake Erie, having been transported inadvertently in the ballast water of commercial vessels.
The five-year estimate, for example, has already been around for several years.
Such speculative mash-ups happen during a couple of weeks of non-stop theatergoing.
“There’s something fierce but pretty going on.” As for the dress, “I might need another round with it,” she said.
They chose the Netherlands — which at 25 percent has a nominal corporate income tax rate that is higher than Ireland’s, but below the 33.33 percent rate in France and the 40 percent rate in the United States, according to the global accounting firm KPMG .
Some inclines are steep, and the trails are often over stone rubble with drop-offs to either side, but the hike shouldn’t be difficult if you’re in average physical condition and wearing decent shoes — even without someone to hold your hand or fan you.
Opponents of the bill, many of them rallying under a movement called La Manif Pour Tous, or Protest for All, have marched in the hundreds of thousands in Paris and across the country in recent months.
“I’m grateful for the awareness that the book has created about the trail,” Ms. Saufley said.
Many community-based programs enlist professional photographers and artists as mentors—a strategy that could be borrowed and applied to formal education settings.
Rose assigns Cicero books to read, brings him along on her one-woman Citizens’ Patrol, fills out scholarship applications for him and educates him about the world, including the marriage of his own parents.
This was in the early 2000s.
“However, we apologize that the commentary in this instance went too far and Brent understands that.” For her part, Webb did not seem to mind what Musburger said.
Posted on one of my friend’s status updates was something about the wind getting stronger in our part of the Philippines.
That is a double blow, since the only way they had been in a position to compete for admission into elite institutions has been because of their Catholic school education.” The system that educated tens of thousands of working-class and poor children has itself been substantially transformed.
As the women stood up to leave, several grabbed the wall for balance.
Extra credit if you know that Toni the lawyer holds all her meetings at Li’l Dizzy’s.
None of the many attempts to renew it have succeeded in Congress.
■ Setting the right tone: Simple and constant reminders of good behavior can reinforce the message.
It’s a competitive market, trading in luxe amenities, esoteric-sounding treatment modalities and household-name graduates.
The New York Botanical Garden, Southern Boulevard.
Oct. 31 at 7:30 p.m. $12 and $15.
Martin Fackler reports from San Clemente Island, California.
On the East Side, Ancient Playground , just north of the Metropolitan Museum of Art near 85th Street, includes pyramid structures for climbing.
What no one will ever know is whether she would have risen higher than a one-star general in charge of a training mission — as high as some of the male Marines who are her peers — if the Pentagon’s change had come sooner.
Government officials assert that by 2020, 90 percent of travel within the city will be made on foot, by bicycle or via public transportation.
Beltre went 4 for 4 with two homers and a season-high five runs batted in to help the surging Texas Rangers beat the Orioles, 8-4, on Tuesday night in Baltimore.
With the Wizards trailing, 92-84, Ariza started the 14-1 rally with a jumper from the right corner.
The emir himself was very young when he came to power 18 years ago, and he wants to continue that.” Many Qataris now see international interventions as a vital part of the country’s identity — and even an important protection for it.
He remains a member of the Appropriations Committee, where he earned a reputation for securing federal earmarks for his district and for directing federal resources to victims of Hurricane Katrina.
In one, the race for lieutenant governor, that is a troublesome fact for the incumbent, David Dewhurst.
Staged at the Laguna Seca Golf Ranch, it has nearly 1,100 entries.
“I wouldn’t mind if they killed a few deans.”
I hopped a moto-carriage and headed to his small compound.
There were even songs written about the Irish experience of “Old Rockaway.” Over 63 percent of the 4,381 people in Breezy Point and nearby Roxbury are of Irish descent, including a large number of police officers and firefighters who live in bungalows and one-bedroom homes.
Josephine Pryde’s photographs of guinea pigs refer to the pre-20th-century slave trade.
At 8 and 10 p.m., the Stone, Avenue C and Second Street, East Village, thestonenyc.com; $15 per set, $10 for students.
And he uses his own glove, a small outfielder’s mitt.
Of course, going after depositors carries significant risks.
But he bemoaned an inexorable decline in business.
Illegal use of armed force that is not in self-defense and kills large numbers of innocent people should be condemned by national courts everywhere as crimes against humanity.
I pack for a trip, I have to fold and iron everything.
These days, they can hardly keep up with the demand for thighs and other pieces of dark meat that had once been among the least desirable parts of a chicken.
Other major European states, France and Germany in particular, see a new federal Europe with enhanced powers of fiscal oversight as essential to the long-term survival of the tottering euro.
Ms. Berry’s 6-year-old daughter, who was born during the ordeal, also came out of the house.
For us it was really fascinating.
If he signs with another team next summer, they would be left with nothing in return.
Here are excerpts from some of his Sunday columns that diagnosed the turn in the economy, with a postscript from his most recent column assessing the lessons learned — or not.
All of these state employees care for people with developmental disabilities or mental illnesses.
But madness is never arbitrary, never random in its manifestations — or its causes.
His meandering questions prompt constant objections from the prosecutor, Jessica Wilson, which then prompt mini-law lessons from Judge Michael Yavinsky.
But “fat talk” isn’t a pleasure.
And when people have offered to pay Mr. Costello, who joined Twitter around 2007, for his two-letter handle, he has always turned them down.
But those buildings, which were restored several years ago and are inhabited, stand outside the dock wall.
Blackstone’s investment in Hilton could have easily become a cautionary tale, just another casualty in an era of excess for overambitious private equity firms.
Krasnaya Polyana, in the mountains less than 50 kilometers from Sochi, was the site of the war’s final bloody battle, marking Russia’s subjugation of Circassia, the westernmost country of the Caucasus.
Without exception they have told me that the harshness of isolated confinement is brutal for a coldblooded murderer who freely admits to his crimes.
That does not make the book legible.
Republican Guard units are responsible for maintaining control of the city and securing the presidential palace.
Thus did the man whose caricatures of theater stars would adorn the walls of Sardi’s, the Broadway bistro, achieve his first wide audience.
“That was a message that doesn’t always get taught when you’re struggling to survive, that there are other people more needy than you and you have an obligation to think about them” Looking back, Blessed Sacrament taught her an unshakable lesson.
And he renewed his pledge to “do everything” to reverse the rise in French unemployment, currently hovering at around 11 percent, a postwar high.
Now Mr. Lamy says the European Union needs a new dream to revive its sagging fortunes, based on modernizing its “social market” model of tempering economic forces with social protection to keep it sustainable.
But he sounded as if he already knew what to expect.
He would have signed autographs, said Ruben Fleischer, who directed “Gangster Squad,” which features Mr. Penn as Cohen — battling felt-hatted cops played by Josh Brolin, Ryan Gosling and others — and is set for release by Warner Brothers on Friday.
He is not mentioned in the text, and the reader is left to guess at what he is so worked up about.
You never know who you’re going to pick.
He is on her parents’ plan because the health insurance her university offers is not comprehensive enough.
Fox also owns 51 percent of the Big Ten Network, carries the Big Ten football championship game and alternates the Pac-12 football title game with ESPN.
Although he has played on the surface sparingly to preserve his knees, Nadal has won titles at the Masters events in Indian Wells, Calif., and in Montreal, compiling a 14-0 record.
If I Were a Rich Man Driving is not the best way to get around Monaco; the public bus and free electric bike systems are much more efficient.
For instance, today we needed five lefty catcher mitts.” The children said the generosity helped revive their spirits.
The N.H.L.’s hottest rookie goalie is 30 years old, never visited the United States before signing in May and could have found himself playing as a forward in his native Sweden or teaching autistic students there.
He told the people, ‘Take up your knives and axes and machetes,’ and he identified Muslim neighborhoods by name.
I felt like I was ready to be paid attention to.
It would have given Scott a share of the lead with his fellow Australian Jason Day.
As he sipped a drink at the HeBrews Coffee Company , Linda McElroy, 66, and two friends eyed the candidate warily.
The survey confirmed what some at the company already knew: In its latest quarterly call with investors, Facebook said its youngest users were spending less time on the service , although overall teenage engagement was stable.
Public Citizen and the Institute for Safe Medication Practices, two watchdog groups, have since separately found the same thing.
Toulon held on under siege — as it had been for much of the match, as Clermont dominated field position and possession — to seal the victory.
In 2012, Mr. El-Sharif’s real estate company, which had been suffering from financial difficulties, turned a $20 million profit with a $65-million sale of a building at 31 West 27th Street, in Chelsea.
Mr. Minchin’s score is infused throughout with a Gothic strain, which sometimes assumes the form of “ Dark Shadows “ organ chords.
Officials found plenty of moments for levity, perhaps because they were seeing some encouraging signs after a big interest-rate cut the previous month.
“This may be the single most important intervention undertaken at the federal level to bring the epidemic under control,” said Dr. Andrew Kolodny, chairman of psychiatry at Maimonides Medical Center in New York and president of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing , a New York-based advocacy group.
Along the way, Angela Davis, Eldridge Cleaver and Jean-Paul Sartre became involved.
They left several dozen rusty nuts and bolts scattered about as mementos.
Folk beat out them all.
At one point, she said, her daughter, who plays the piano, was not allowed to attend a music college because she was Jewish.
5) DeAndre Hopkins, 6-1, 214, Clemson There was a time I thought Hopkins might be the best receiver in this class.
This week in App Smart the topic was apps that can help you learn the very basics of drawing.
So even if the Taliban are willing to diverge from Pakistan, their handlers in the Pakistani intelligence service could spoil any deal by shifting resources to another Islamist faction that could continue the war against Kabul.
Representative Dave Reichert, Republican of Washington : What the I.R.S.
At least that’s true on Sesame Street, where “Elmo’s Super Heroes” unfolds.
Mr. Singh’s personal integrity, a signature asset in a country awash in political corruption, was suddenly in doubt.
But his asthma was very severe; for unknown reasons (perhaps because the asthma made the act of breathing itself burn too many calories), he stopped growing when he was 5, and by the time he was 7, he had dropped to the 20th percentile in height from the 70th, while his weight fell to below the first percentile.
Forces on Japanese service personnel.
“If you get consumed by your constraints, you’re never going to get there,” Teague said.
The large majority of outstanding European dealers (31), many of them from Paris, may guarantee freshness for several years to come.
To address drone policy, though, meant owning up to the killings of Mr. Awlaki and other Americans, officials concluded.
They are not “stale” and “tired,” as Republicans charged; they are familiar only because they remain unfulfilled.
24 Photos View Slide Show › Ross also suggested that Lewis place stickers on his right elbow.
The Health and Human Services Department connected me with some start-ups and doctors who’ve benefited from all this, including Dr. Jen Brull, a family medicine specialist in Plainville, Kan., who said that she was certain she had been alerting her relevant patients to have colorectal cancer screening — until she looked at the data in her new electronic health care system and discovered that only 43 percent of those who should be getting the screening had done so.
Would any of these things change comments?
For one thing, the losses can be deducted only if they are more than 10 percent of a taxpayer’s adjusted gross income plus $100.
The leading lovers are neatly played by Caralyn Kozlowski, who gives her high-spirited Rosalind a sweet, musical voice, and by Matthew Simpson, whose Orlando is nicely impetuous.
He designed the so-called Penelope chair for Giulio Castelli, a maker of high-quality modern furniture.
But there are no equivalent organizations for sun, wind and other forms of renewable energy.
Interviews with several coastal specialists found a range of opinions on how much the wall might have affected Ditch Plains.
So our strategy will vary a little bit from country to country.” Shanshan Wang contributed reporting from Beijing.
A lesser champion might have suffered a letdown, but Nadal — a world-class worrier who has yet to strike an overconfident note in his career — kept his eye on the usual prize and kept delivering lengthy, even impassioned, rebuttals to anyone who had the temerity to suggest that Ferrer might not pose much of a threat.
Still, the Yankees have lost seven straight games, including Friday’s 10-5 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies, and have looked bad doing so.
The album makes good use of a dual-saxophone front line with Mark Turner on tenor and Jaleel Shaw on alto, who appear here, along with the pianist Luis Perdomo and the bassist Ben Street.
“I’m not a politician and I don’t really talk about politics.
Still, the basic ideas are not complicated, and President Obama has the biggest megaphone on the planet.
“With the Avenues school alone,” said Adam Gordon, the president of Adam Gordon Holdings, “it is going to bring something on the order of 1,200 children and their parents into the area, which will drive very significant sales.” Mr. Gordon’s company is building a condominium at 560 West 24th Street, a few doors from Mr. Tamarkin’s project.
In the American press, volcanoes were variously described in terms of bombs or heavy artillery, the ash clouds reminiscent of cannon smoke drifting across the battlefield.
In her engaging and ultimately sad biography of Norman Rockwell, Deborah Solomon fills in the partly known life of one of America’s most famous and popular illustrator-artists.
She treats her potential and actual lovers with sometimes brutal contempt, an assertion of her own power that is also an acknowledgment of their power to hurt her feelings.
But if we look to the kind of systems Jackson talks about, we can markedly reduce the damage.
When the cutout failed to draw Mr. Cuomo out, Mr. O’Rourke confronted him on a radio call-in show in Albany.
He was also getting ready for the first class of a new semester, covering the second half of “Moby-Dick”; maybe he was experiencing the same teaching anxiety that had plagued him his whole career.
At the same time, we value our liberty, the pursuit of personal happiness and the right to leave a bad marriage behind.
Mrs. Visan grew up in Saska Kepa and then lived for several years in the more populated and more urban part of the Polish capital, on the Vistula’s left bank.
Instead, I have found it to be an unbridled force, stretching my heart to make room for that which I once would have found unlovable.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
More than 300 schools closed recently as teachers went on strike over the worsening security situation.
Pussyfooting around this problem is not only bad for you and your company — it’s also not doing him any favors.
“He made great things happen.
That’s certainly true, if painfully obvious.
(There are occasions in which you’ll want to overcook whole grains, chief among them that their burst kernels make a good binder.
In his latest Dior show, Raf Simons questioned some of the most basic assumptions about fashion: What is individuality?
His co-chairwoman will be Jennifer Jones Austin, 45, a former deputy commissioner in the Bloomberg administration whose work was focused on social services for children and families.
Now, he just needed to see if they were fully healthy and could contribute.
“We have to put it up higher and make it more prominent, and we don’t have any problem doing it,” Mr. Gimenez said, adding that the site was “only one part of a bigger strategy, promoting good content on the Web that is portraying the salon in a positive way and explaining what we do.” Pressure to create additional revenue streams has pushed many publishers to embrace advertiser-sponsored content, including articles, video and photo galleries.
A man in his 20s was killed after a shooting outside a house party in Northeast Minneapolis, Minn., Saturday morning.
But I always wanted to write novels.
His dances can border on too cute, but more often than not, he succeeds in his efforts to please.
The €5 million result achieved this year brings the total raised since the first sale, in 2005, to more than €16 million.
The Packers committed long term to A. J. Hawk and Brad Jones as the inside linebackers in their 3-4 defense, so Bishop, 29, moved on to the Vikings.
It has brothers who hate each other, girls they both want, booze, guns and old secrets, with its violence spurred by the Devil and observed by ghosts.
Other singers on the bill include Patricia Kaas, Alex Hepburn, Beth Ditto, Julien Clerc, Olivia Ruiz, Charles Dumont and Camélia Jordana.
Tickets are 5 euros per person, or about $6.50 at $1.30 to the euro, for the first two hours.
Others have not been so lucky.
Macculloch Hall Historical Museum, 45 Macculloch Avenue.
So it is a fine thing that MoMA is presenting a 75th anniversary reprise of the show with a display of more than 50 prints from the original body of work.
“Nothing seemed out of the ordinary.” Mr. Tsarnaev now lies in a prison medical facility, charged by federal authorities with using a weapon of mass destruction — the bombs, packed with explosives extracted from fireworks — that killed three people and wounded more than 260 others on April 15.
WHO is John W. Hickenlooper?
— Tourism offices in Taiwan, China and the Dominican Republic couldn’t come up with any specific discounts at all.
Now I see how that happens all the time.
Politically, ideologically and racially, America was an agitated mess.
There was the old guard: Blue Ribbon, Le Gamin, Jules, Lucky Strike, Raoul’s and a dozen others.
Debate over security regulation remains fiercely split along party lines, with Senate Republicans casting 40 of the 46 nay votes against last year’s Cybersecurity Act.
As the 2011 season approached, the new stadium was nearing completion and a rebranding — including the team’s name, colors, logo and uniform — was imminent.
“It is a grim, humorless position, largely uncreative, requiring little physical movement, giving little physical pleasure in return.” While his teammates zip around, the goalie lumbers, weighed down by his cumbrous equipment, and he spends the whole game by himself, down at one end of the rink, within easy earshot of heckling fans, in front of a red light that flashes on whenever he fails and lets a goal slip by.
Still, Lacy is RB2 material this week.
“Industry made a public pledge to develop do-not-track standards that will truly protect consumer privacy — and it has failed to live up to that commitment.
“Spain is suffering from a politicization of justice and a judicialization of politics,” said Antonio Garrigues , the chairman of Garrigues, one of Spain’s largest law firms.
“I am so hermetically contained by the perimeters of Jackie contemplation that I can only point to Jackie, and interpret her, from within the circle of terms that originate with her,” he writes.
“They can return to the political dialogue and spirit of cooperation that helped establish South Sudan, or they can destroy those hard-fought gains and tear apart their newborn nation.” Diplomats from Africa, the United States and elsewhere have tried to bring the warring parties to the table, hoping to cobble together a cease-fire before the cycle of violence gathers momentum and leads to a protracted civil war.
Their numbers have also placed them among the most resented tourists.
Plenty of people expected Jennifer Lawrence to win best actress.
Is Texas Ready for This?
Mr. Broad did not respond to requests for comment on Friday.
Garnish with lemon wedges, and serve.
The Salk Institute, which is giving money to the research initiative, is an independent institute; it is not based at, or part of, the university.
“I am now the most senior justice when we divide 5-4 with the usual suspects,” she said.
When are we going to be in the playoffs?
The site sends you a temporary new password by e-mail.
The drama unfolds as this nuclear family, extended by the wife’s parents (Peter Schmitz and Deborah Gladstein), reacts to his gender identity revelation.
One reported that Benítez had died in a car crash, another that he had had a heart attack after training.
I was not performing any of the practices that defined the role.
The stock market rose slightly on Thursday, pushing the Dow Jones industrial average to a new nominal high after it surpassed its previous peak two days ago.
For diplomats, democracy can seem as vexing in practice as it is uplifting in theory, as much a curse as a blessing – whether in thwarting big deals (as was nearly the case with the civil-nuclear agreement in 2008) or in blocking bilateral discussions (a persistent complaint of American economic officials).
A 33-year-old man was shot in the arm as he stood outside the Chase Center in Wilmington, Del.
On Saturday, Mr. Welser-Möst conducts Schubert’s Symphony No.
A final quartet brought the trombonist Roswell Rudd — who was in the New York Art Quartet with Mr. Graves in 1964-65 — with William Parker on bass and Charles Gayle on tenor saxophone or piano, who both began working with Mr. Graves in the 1990s.
Another problem with Munich’s new production is that its text is that of Mussorgsky’s stark, no frills original of 1869.
Washington State trademarked its apples in 1961 and Virginia trademarked its peanuts in 2006.
And I’m really praying for everyone who was.” Ruhwedel said his friends were unhurt after being not far from where three people were killed and more than 170 were wounded.
B. Kobak Jr., a New York lawyer on the task force, was to free law schools to be more innovative and get away from the one-size-fits-all model.
“He came to us and said he wanted to call fans,” including season-ticket holders, partial season-ticket holders and individual buyers.
Rhett Usry, a spokesman for Ms. Keys, said in an e-mail: “The Internet is buzzing with speculation as to the exact time Alicia Keys ‘broke up’ with her previous smart phone.
People like this are like beautiful storytellers, breaking rules you didn’t even know were there, just so you can see better and maybe be better.
When is it appropriate for women to dance on point?
On Dec. 17, United said that a second 787 in its fleet had developed electrical problems.
A plan announced by an independent body on Thursday to increase the salaries of members of Parliament by about 11 percent provoked bitter complaints here, most notably in Parliament itself, where the leaders of the two largest political parties competed to register their outrage.
When I ate the radishes the next day, they had been transformed from ordinary into thrilling, with flavors bright and spicy enough to get me through to May.
In the past, he had offered to plead guilty to the charges.
The Senate overwhelmingly confirmed James B. Comey as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Monday even as Republicans and Democrats struggled to hold together the fragile deal that preserved the filibuster for executive branch appointees.
A tour de force that showcases his considerable talents for satire, stand-up, endurance art and painting, it may be the best news here.
When a lender files a lien, it places the lender in a position to be able to take a borrower’s assets in case of default.
I don’t like to go for short time.
The 68-year-old Heynckes will leave Bayern and the Bundesliga at the end of the season after over 40 years in the business.
He intentionally allowed his most conservative members to sit in the driver’s seat as they tried in vain to get the Senate to accept one failed measure after another — first to defund the health care law, then to delay it, then to chip away at it.
Nobody has figured out a good way to deliver pricing information.
Instead, he has unleashed a flurry of administrative orders and “ pilot” programs ” that require little or no comment from the City Council or residents.
It began sometime before 2010, and was stopped at some point but then was resumed, according to the officials.
They received a 2-year bowl ban and lost 30 scholarships as a result of a lengthy N.C.A.A.
was associated with later-life problems.
At the end of the main road, I climbed an observation platform and watched some godwits root around in a salt marsh.
Cosmin Chivu directs this dark comedy, described by Williams as an “allegory on the tragicomic subject of human existence on this risky planet.” New Ohio Theater, 154 Christopher Street, West Village, (888) 596-1027, newohiotheatre.org.
“This was a disappointing quarter from a flows perspective,” Mr. Roman said in a statement.
Chiefs 23, Browns 17 If you had told the Browns that Jason Campbell would finish 22 for 36 for 293 yards, 2 touchdowns and no interceptions, they would have jumped for joy or maybe thought you were loopy.
In a statement, Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of The Times, said that the board had concluded “that the strength of the balance sheet justified the restoration of a dividend.” But Mr. Thompson warned that the company would remain cautious in its financial strategy.
Barrie of “Peter Pan” fame, with the help of two lesser-known one-act plays — “Rosalind” (1914) and “The Twelve-Pound Look” (1921) — that have very much grown up.
“I know what to do,” she said, concentrating on her worksheets and answering every question correctly.
There are so many choices and so many issues — medical, financial, emotional, as well as confounding logistical puzzles that take a toll on a family and can seem overwhelming.
To the extent possible, any changes should affect future recruits rather than current enlistees.
We know, you can’t get enough.
This raises the possibility that China’s high-net-worth investors could try to use bitcoins to circumvent strict investment caps on the property market.
The job for referees and umpires is difficult enough for those who have spent years on the job at the highest level.
If an employer offers a pension to its employees, for instance, all spouses are entitled to survivor benefits, explained Todd A. Solomon, a partner in the employee benefits practice group at McDermott Will & Emery and author of “Domestic Partner Benefits: An Employer’s Guide.” Wal-Mart was another large company that did not offer domestic partner benefits, but it announced in August that it would begin extending coverage to both same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners and same-sex spouses effective Jan. 1.
Mondays through Fridays, 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Newtown Municipal Center, 3 Primrose Street.
The Angels renewed his contract for $510,000, but in time, they will probably pay him handsomely.
The literary life of the world was impoverished by year’s end after the deaths of so many who had illuminated it, among them the Irish poet Seamus Heaney and the novelist Doris Lessing (as much colonial African as British), both of them Nobel laureates; Chinua Achebe, who rewrote the story of Africa that had long been told by Western voices; the underrecognized Álvaro Mutis , “one of the greatest writers of our time” in the words of his Colombian colleague Gabriel García Márquez; Albert Murray , a bold and influential champion of African-American culture; Charlotte Zolotow, a beloved and widely read force in children’s books; and Elmore Leonard, whose crime fiction and westerns both exemplified genre writing at its best and transcended it.
“They must also invest in their Brazilian business, but that’s not currently part of the plan.” Minority investors fear that Telecom Italia’s strategy may eventually lead to the sale of its large Brazil unit, TIM Participações, which could fetch as much as $14 billion.
(Five of the programs whose grants were suspended are back up and running.)
“We haven’t heard any solid noes from anyone,” he said.
Anyway, the film shows that the ball easily cleared the crossbar and was caught just beyond the end line.
“This also has to do with the banking sector — they offer high-paying jobs, so their parents want their children to go in this direction,” Ms. Ye said.
But in Smith’s fictional Moscow, Tatiana Petrovna’s demise instantly raises Senior Investigator Renko’s hackles.
The Times dealt with the situations in quite different ways: by suspending Mr. Goldman from his column for a few weeks and by assigning an editor to work with Ms. Rudoren on her social media efforts.
“Initially, I started out doing Facebook ads, but now we have such a loyal following we don’t advertise much,” Ms. White said.
Legal wrangles have put Apollo Tyres’ agreed $2.5 billion offer for Cooper Tire, its American rival in doubt, and tensions at Cooper’s China joint venture have undermined its value.
His father isn’t always around, and his mother, he says, is crazy.
His name was nationally known as the 1964 presidential race began.
The companies were seeking more than just bragging rights.
Not just, ‘Yes, yes, yes.’ ” For now, Udrih seems content with his responsibilities in New York.
After the subscriber data was released, analysts rushed to note that Netflix, with 29.2 million such subscribers, had apparently surpassed HBO.
Its opening batsman, David Warner, was suspended during the Champions Trophy last month, also held in England, after he got into an after-hours altercation in a bar and threw a punch at England’s newest star, Joe Root.
Documents quoted from the Vatican archives revealed that the wartime pontiff told senior bishops that, should he be arrested by the Nazis , his resignation would become effective immediately.
Minnesota’s Cordarrelle Patterson returned the opening kickoff 105 yards to tie a club record, but the Vikings remained winless at Soldier Field since 2007.
If she were confronted with just one finch egg, she might be able to identify it as parasitic and throw it out.
The aides said they already knew what Mr. Morsi’s answer would be.
Taking inventory of the Hudson River’s water celery beds (a type of subaquatic vegetation) was a good excuse to spend a summer morning in a kayak, but when the numbers reflected measurable facts about water quality, my connection to the river became stronger.
First, it should establish a sentencing commission to bring consistency, proportionality and data-based assessments to its laws.
Haha, I guess I’ve been a little homesick.
“We talk about chopping down Hibbert’s legs,” said Haslem, who fronted Hibbert to prevent him from receiving the ball.
“Doctors have told me I will make a full recovery.” Houston did not identify an interim coach as it prepared for Sunday’s game at Arizona.
But the newest family member was quietly leaning against the wall.
Also this month, federal law enforcement authorities filed murder charges against Ahmed Abu Khattala, a prominent militia leader in Benghazi, in connection with the attacks on a diplomatic mission there last Sept. 11 that killed the United States ambassador and three other Americans.
Ian Schafer, the founder and chief executive of Deep Focus, a digital advertising company that also fielded a few phone calls from clients concerned about the Burger King attack, argued that Twitter bore some responsibility.
Outdoors HUNTINGTON Art in the Park Fine Art and Craft Fair, featuring art demonstrations, live music, food and drink.
— Jeff Gordinier DRAMATIC DÉCOR It may not be tuxedo time all day long, but this season many dining rooms will be smartly turned out in graphic black and white.
Next month, a number of participants in the New York City Marathon will have trained as part of an urban crew; Isla de Corredores, a crew based in West Harlem, for example, is sending five members to the race.
“By not blocking the base earlier, like I told you, you handed Sicily over to the Grillini, making them into the strongest party — on the basis of the unpopularity of your initiative.
He suffered a concussion, his family said, and eventually seizures.
A video of the tornado captured from nearby Newcastle as it approached Moore, uploaded to Youtube by Michael Welch.
And that River and Whisper liked our poems well enough to give us Champagne and dinner.
The show also has a subplot — suggested by Ms. Carlebach — that explores her father’s close relationship with the jazz singer and civil rights campaigner Nina Simone, played by Amber Iman .
Max liked to fly down the slide.
A main reason coal is inexpensive in Europe is because it is being spurned by U.S. utilities, which are cashing in on the boom in low-cost shale gas.
It spoke volumes about the progress that gay Americans have made over the four years between his first inauguration and this one, his second.
“The people in this room were their family.” It has not been a perfect ride.
If you want to describe a dress your character is wearing, think about how she is moving out the door in that dress.
It was not always easy, with a four-run rally in the eighth by Chicago livening up what had been a blowout.
I have also wondered where I would be today if Lehman Brothers hadn’t collapsed.
New York Today is a morning roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till about noon.
Not everyone seems convinced that these smartwatches are going to be a big hit.
She let down her hair.
Imagine what might happen if politicians came to believe that encouraging homeownership was reducing employment.
I have seen dozens of foreign-language theater and opera productions, but have never before found my engagement so continually distracted, if not stymied, by the need to keep craning my neck to read the text.
The result is a sensuous, malleable garment that moves with the wearer’s body.
Oct. 11 at 8 p.m. $22 and $32.
And beyond her exhaustion, there were other omens for our get-together that were not so good.
“That may mean that the E.C.B.
This may be coming back.
77, regained the advantage this year, slipping inside the top 100 for the first time, only for Kristyna, ranked No.
But BP’s production has actually fallen by about 700,000 barrels per day from 2010.
A small camp in Jordan, Mrajeeb al-Fhood , financed by the United Arab Emirates and run by the Emirati Red Crescent, prides itself on catering to all the needs of its 3,000 residents.
While the future of Tutors With Computers is uncertain, Mr. Cordero said he supported the creation of a state-level program to finance tutoring for low-income students with changes like allowing principals to choose providers, who would be paid based on performance.
The businessman, Tahawwur Rana, a Canadian of Pakistani descent, was sentenced by Judge Harry D. Leinenweber of the United States District Court in Chicago.
The storefront, which StubHub decided to open so its customers can pick up their tickets on gamedays, is on East 161st Street and may be within that radius.
Their question is rather simple: if Westinghouse genuinely believes that its reactors are so safe — in its public documents, it claims that a severe accident may occur only once in 3.5 million years — why is it so reluctant to accept responsibility for an accident?
While the task force report acknowledged that Mr. Dimon could “appropriately rely upon” senior managers who oversaw the trading strategy, it concluded that he “could have better tested his reliance on what he was told.” Mr. Dimon has conceded as much in the past.
He felt he was a citizen of another world, a white desert.
“But when kids don’t get their presents from Santa, that breaks my heart.” Ms. Black of U.P.S.
“In the spirit of Google or Facebook,” they write, “the new thinking is that people are the sum of their social relationships, online interactions and connections with content.
In the middle stood a domed enclosure containing the graves of the clan elders.
Comedy POUGHKEEPSIE Gary Conrad, hypnotism.
One of the reasons these Millennials gave was the perception that Christianity is antigay.
The law has been written so broadly that if a French bank bought shares in an American company on the New York Stock Exchange, the tax would be owed.
Even Vladimir Putin or Hassan Rouhani don’t demand concessions by explicitly threatening our national well-being.
(Chris Nightingale is the inspired orchestrator.)
Needless to say, none meets his or her demise too soon, or in a manner that is either thrilling or entertaining.
This is a sensible, bipartisan measure to restore trust in racing and protect lives.”
While there was some optimism among opposition activists that the spirit of the revolution lived on, there was also disappointment that a persistent problem, the sexual harassment of female protesters, was also in evidence on Friday.
“Of course not,” Mr. Platania recalled thinking.
They write about her on bathroom walls, saying nasty things about a weight problem she doesn’t appear to have, and a body-odor problem I can neither confirm nor deny since this is a book.
Northern Illinois, for the second straight season, is probably the best team in the state.
She was starved and burned and had her fingernails pulled out.
“We wanted to provide these objects with a safe harbor in an institution where they could be enjoyed by other people,” said Dr. Imperato, who worked as an epidemiologist in West Africa in the 1960s and has written on African art and culture.
The government’s message couldn’t be clearer: Evade and you will be rewarded.
UNFORTUNATELY, it has become a sad tradition.
The contemporaneous evidence is overwhelming: “looks like Paulson will go to NYC to sort through this Lehman mess … can’t imagine a scenario where we put in gov’t money … we shall see,” Jim Wilkinson, Mr. Paulson’s chief of staff, wrote to a recruiter on Sept. 12.
Another was the “social thing,” resulting from the convivial atmosphere in this intimate floating concert hall; the conversational introductions to the music; and the fact that nearly every work was rooted in human relationships, linking composer and performer as neighbors, family members or friends.
Mr. Courtney, the spokesman for Major League Baseball, said the league officials did not know about the police report when they purchased the documents and Mr. Jones did not tell them they were stolen.
“He’ll probably be my height, but he has way more skill than I had at that age,” Wayne Tinkle said.
As it turned out, a Tesoro Logistics pipeline had ruptured, spreading more than 865,000 gallons of oil across seven acres of Mr. Jensen’s farm.
The agencies coupled their appeal with an implicit warning that they would soon be forced to drastically reduce their work in the country.
KW: By the way, they had the same kind of turnaround, too.
It fails, because the writers (Marlon Wayans and Rick Alvarez) and the director (Mike Tiddes) are content with sophomoric humor and lazy story about a couple (Mr. Wayans and Essence Atkins) who decide to move in together.
Baffert, however, was the one who asked his veterinarians to prescribe it, which is in conflict with the policy of the American Association of Equine Practitioners, the industry’s most influential veterinary group, which says treatments “should be based upon a specific diagnosis and administered in the context of a valid and transparent owner-trainer-veterinarian relationship.” Baffert told the investigators that he thought the medication would help “build up” his horses.
“It’s even irritating me,” she said.
I recommend everything she’s ever written or drawn or said or done.
The president, even before taking office, led the charge in emphasizing the deficit, arguably undermining the fledgling economic recovery.
The enforcement mechanisms phase in gradually, with ambiguous prospects for success , while the legislation’s impact on migration would be immediate: more paths to residency for foreigners, instant legal status for the 11 million here illegally, and the implicit promise to future border-crossers that some kind of amnesty always comes to those who come and wait.
You’d have to be a pretty dim bulb not to realize that LED light is the future.
(AP) BOWEN OUT FOR SEASON Washington Redskins defensive end Stephen Bowen is out for the season with a left-knee injury.
agreed to pay $765 million to settle a lawsuit brought by 4,500 retired players who said the league hid from them the long-term impact of concussions, lawyers in the case said all retirees would be eligible for a share of the settlement.
If Kacheishvili had played 18 ... Qd6, the game would have continued 19 Rd1 Qe7 20 Rd8 Qd8 21 Bc5, when Gareev would have restored material equality.
“There’s no kissing.” Instead, the movie chronicles Frances’ flirtation with adulthood and her subsequent fall from perpetual adolescent grace.
about ground rules for lodging a complaint.
The Maoists use their methods, which include a lack of logic, putting labels on people.
But they also have something to say.
The deficit, we’re told, is really a moral issue.
Most attention to the inventive stars of the ceaselessly expanding culinary world focuses on what they’ve done in the kitchen, not on their shrewdness as businesspeople.
In August 2012, they introduced advertising directed at female baby boomer caregivers, aged 40 to 60, that illustrated the physical, emotional and mental strains they experience.
“I played golf, and she watched me,” said Ann Park, a native of Seoul, South Korea.
I tried for clarity,” he added.
//t.co/hivdv84Duq — Ted (@ImRealTed) 16 Apr 13 And, on Thursday, at 1:43 p.m., as President Obama was visiting with victims and their families at Mass General Hospital, this final post read: I’m a stress free kind of guy — Jahar (@J_tsar) 17 Apr 13 Since opening up this Twitter account on Oct. 25, 2011, with a post about doing laundry in a college dorm, Dzhokhar has posted more than 1,000 public messages.
“If it’s something I strongly want reviewed, I make suggestions,” Mr. Heller said.
Another new work comes from Norwood Pennewell, whose “Gin” (as in cotton, not spirits) takes nine dancers through four distinct soundscapes.
None of this bodes well for the Jets’ attack, even against the Bucs, who had the worst passing defense in the N.F.L.
Mr. Obama called the Russian proposal “a potentially positive development” in his interview on CNN, and promised that his administration would engage with the Russians to see if the world could “arrive at something that is enforceable and serious.” But he said that “if we don’t maintain and move forward with a credible threat of military pressure, I do not think we will actually get the kind of agreement I would like to see.” The Russian proposal received the early support of Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
But the biggest risk is that the batteries could prove too volatile, and Boeing would have to redesign its systems to use heavier and less-efficient nickel-cadmium batteries.
“It’s an incredible audiovisual experience — a lot of noise, people and energy.
Monfils was rarely behind early when he was serving.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive.
In a high-tech illusion, viewers expressions are mimicked by an animal’s head overlaid on their own in a digitally enhanced mirror.
PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade PepsiCo announced on Friday that it would no longer use an ingredient in Gatorade after consumers complained.The ingredient was the object of a petition started on Change.org by Sarah Kavanagh, a 15-year-old from Hattiesburg, Miss., who became concerned about the ingredient after reading about it online.
The timing for what happened next was baffling.
His vehicle slammed into another car, which collided with the third car.
“She took care of all that,” he said.
While it works just fine on my machine, it suddenly throws an error when it’s running on staging.
The Carlyle Group said on Tuesday that it would acquire the Diversified Global Asset Management Corporation, an independent hedge fund manager, the latest push by Carlyle into areas beyond its core leveraged-buyout business.
He programs all-Christmas music for 90 other Christian stations owned, like The Fish, by Salem Communications.
One caveat to keep in mind when thinking about these maker-versus-taker issues is that a lot of Americans don’t realize they’re relying on the social safety net when they actually are.
In fact, the share complaining about government requirements has not been this high since the mid-1990s.
The new casino deal would effectively ensure the company’s monopoly in the borough for at least seven years, and on Wednesday, the company said it fully supported “the governor’s goals of upstate job creation and economic development outlined in the proposal.” Mr. Cuomo has also seemingly neutralized some of the potential in-state opposition, in part by striking three recent deals with Indian tribes to settle long-simmering contract disputes and other issues.
Chen Kegui, 34, said officials never told him that his family had arranged a lawyer to defend him at the trial.
Only citizens have the right to vote in federal elections and in most local elections.
These streetside dealers use the harried nature of the deal to their advantage by starting with obscenely high prices, but they’ll come down if you’re persistent.
A logical response to that is to unearth previously unheard material and sell that, but Get On Down takes a different approach.
Some gun makers responded by advertising handguns for women.
“He spoke to me about wanting to be a role model in the Hispanic community,” Kraft said.
(Zachary Woolfe) ‘Don Carlo’ (Friday, Monday and Thursday) The British director Nicholas Hytner’s 2010 production of this Verdi opera is fluid, clean and striking, with handsome period costumes and sleek sets.
I have no idea whether these killings came out of han or hwabyung or some other shared heritage, but it’s clear that the search for an explanation is far more threatening to the Korean-American community than whatever the actual answer might be.
Earlier this week, the hedge fund told investors it made a 20.10 percent gain in 2013, outpacing most of its hedge rivals in what has been a lackluster year for the industry.
Every day, The New York Times’s staff scours the Web for interesting and peculiar items .
“It used to be wind and weather,” said Robert C. Flynn, the air traffic control manager at O’Hare and a veteran of 30 years there and at two nearby radar centers, describing the factors that determine O’Hare’s operability.
In politics, the base refers to voters who almost always vote for a certain party’s candidate.
67 of 90 staff members.
And, victory might be ours.”
“It is not politics,” she said.
“Chinese herbs are trusted and used as food ingredients for healing purposes by millions of people around the world,” said Jing Wang, an ecological farming campaigner and project leader of the Greenpeace study.
“But yesterday’s statement by the military completely changed the game.
Live Nation issued a statement denying any wrongdoing and promising to fight the charges.
The Syrian government blamed its opponents for Monday’s attack and said it had killed at least 15 people and wounded at least 53.
After the selection was announced, Warren & Wetmore, who were architects of the New York Yacht Club and who boasted society connections, submitted an alternative design.
With smaller boats, the big limitation is that most people want to use the boat on the weekend, not on a Tuesday afternoon when it is free.
Now we are causing extinctions more rapidly than ever while altering biodiversity by moving species around.
Ultimately, the terms of the deal would include $265 million in guaranteed salary, a $10 million signing bonus and an additional $30 million in marketing bonuses tied to landmark home runs.
To the Editor: I welcome a new report’s finding that cognitive behavioral therapy is improving the outcome for depressed people with significant insomnia (“ Sleep Therapy Seen as an Aid for Depression ,” front page, Nov. 19).
It’s the same old story that we’ve seen with comic books, the film industry and popular music, now extended to video games.
After City’s Matija Nastasic headed the ball over his goalkeeper, Chelsea’s Fernando Torres sent it into the unguarded net.
“There is a lot of confusion and lack of clarity amongst U.S. allies in the Middle East regarding Washington’s true intentions and ultimate objectives,” said Robert M. Danin, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations who was a State Department official on Middle East issues during both Democratic and Republican administrations.
Most users of the independently owned A.T.M.s pay surcharges, although there are some fee-free networks.
” said Mark M. Lowenthal, a former senior C.I.A.
You can find it on jerseys and foam hands and after victories when index fingers are shot skyward.
His announcement leaves only six Democrats in the Senate who oppose it.
“Galleon was really another one of the big moments in time when you look back and say, ‘That took on a more heightened significance,’ ” Mr. Sporkin said.
Instead, he wanted any intelligence gathered by the United States handed over to Afghan forces, who could then conduct the raids.
I wanted to depict something more realistic but still entertaining.
But the best does so quietly: the 128-monitor video piece “Solo Scenes” simply records the elder Roth living out life in his studio-home in Basel.
US Airways’s chief executive, Doug Parker, would serve in the same position at the combined company.
The information Mr. Aggarwal provided involved negotiations between Microsoft and Yahoo in July 2009 for a strategic partnership that was expected to help bolster Yahoo’s earnings by $500 million.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
In the 2010-11 school year, the latest year for which data is available, 28 percent of all four-year-olds in the United States were enrolled in state-financed preschool programs, according to the National Institute for Early Education Research.
Armando said my first attempt at mole was delicious, but I knew it was a bland and grainy flop.
That’s important, because it means we can track the learning of kids in school and the kids who are not.
If you’re looking for a home laser printer, you’ll fall in love with this one — whatever it’s called.
Now “baked” makeup is all the rage.
He will be succeeded at Timken by Richard G. Kyle, who is group president.
Critics have complained that the policies have exacerbated the reliance on test results.
Since I was selected in the first round of the 1996 National Basketball Association (“NBA”) draft I have earned numerous accolades including, among other things, 5 NBA championships, 2 NBA Finals Most Valuable awards, an NBA Most Valuable Player award, two NBA scoring titles, and I have been selected to the NBA All-Star team 15 times.
“I think he should have got the better of me, but I found something in the end to turn it around,” Tomic said.
There is plenty of money to be made on the black market selling stolen credit card numbers, which can go for as little as a quarter or as much as $45 each.
This month, the two coalition partners have agreed on certain provisions that could protect drinking water from contamination, according to the German media .
That noncash news overshadowed the half year’s underlying profit, which was better than expected.
The task force report gives us hope that these reckless policies will finally be revised in favor of a smarter, safer approach: lining the coast with flood barriers and other low-impact structures where necessary and finally accounting for the true risk of hurricanes.
(The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has brought cases against the companies that employed them.)
Ms. Medina quickly drew more than $400,000 in donations from thousands of new supporters.
If I order anything it’s light, like a salad that doesn’t have much in it, or a small cup of soup.
It’s instructive to keep Mr. Williams in the back of your mind when you hear Mr. Keezer’s gospel-infused arrangement of “Limelight,” the Rush song; likewise Mr. Gabriel’s “Come Talk to Me,” which he tricks out with sparkling arpeggios.
The group has also posted video of protesters lobbing flaming petrol bombs at security forces who appeared to respond by firing tear gas.
Dr. Grothe knew the patient herself would provide the necessary clues.
His resistance will come through his offspring, which helps him to cope with his appointed, dehumanizing task and the fact that he must suppress the part of him that longs for physical freedom.
%100 Rest Cafe & More, (90-232) 441-5593.
But during the financial crisis, some competitors imposed delays or “gates” limiting investor withdrawals.
The reasons vary, but the take-away is clear.
Yes, we have all influenced one another.
He was also communications director for Rahm Emanuel, the former White House chief of staff, during his successful bid to be mayor of Chicago.
But I presume we can all agree that East Hampton, and America, can do much, much better than this when it comes to the first step in an energy policy that works for the long haul — cutting energy waste.
In 2007, when Girardi was a television broadcaster and he was working a game involving St. Louis, he asked the Cardinals’ manager then, Tony La Russa, why he chose to bat the pitcher eighth in the lineup.
“They really helped pull our fat out of the fire,” Ms. Fillmore said.
The chunks of boiled potato served in the same clay dish as the cod soak up the fruity juice around it.
The poems are printed in large, easy-to-read type, and vary in length from four to 16 lines.
Belgium, which is mostly Roman Catholic by tradition but now largely secular in practice, has been far more open to the idea of euthanasia than similarly secular countries like Britain, where Parliament has rejected efforts to legalize assisted suicide.
He changes chords almost compulsively: often major to minor and back (as the Beatles did), making his melodies play artful tricks to sound natural.
owners passed over Miami to host the Super Bowl in 2016, 2017 and 2018.
After Thakoon, the fashion crew headed up to the tents in Lincoln Center, where the pre-show is increasingly depressing, like taking a bus to the Woodbury Common Premium Outlets on the weekend before Christmas.
How else to explain the floral polo in washed-out blue or washed-out red ($115)?
The most populous borough since 1930, it is again approaching its 1950 population peak of 2.7 million.
He has not ruled out meeting the July 12 deadline, but has publicly raised concerns about rushing and has yet to produce for Mr. Gensler a comprehensive list of suggestions.
officers who worked with Mr. Brennan in the years after the Sept. 11 attacks said they could not recall Mr. Brennan expressing those concerns to them.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Citigroup’s Chairman Said to Rule Out a Possible Breakup | Michael E. O’Neill, Citigroup’s chairman, who once urged the company to consider splitting up, “has concluded that breaking up Citigroup doesn’t make sense now, given economic and regulatory uncertainty as well as a host of financial considerations,” The Wall Street Journal reports.
Mills, who helped steer Princeton to two Ivy League championships, recalled having a conversation with a former colleague who had played at Harvard.
Vigneault favors an offense-first, puck-possession style, while Tortorella favored a grinding, dump-and-chase style with arduous forechecking.
Running back Cierre Wood, who has a year of eligibility left, is considering making himself eligible for the draft.
Since then, as Fed officials have sought to clarify their goals, the index has risen 2.5 percent, including Thursday’s 0.6 percent increase.
$12 adults, $10 seniors and students; members and children under 12, free.
(Sauce was generally an additional 50 to 80 cents.)
The Cannes jury took the unusual step of awarding laurels not only to the director, Abdellatif Kechiche, but also to the lead actresses, Adèle Exarchopoulos and Léa Seydoux, whose extended sex scenes together are already a topic of fierce debate .
Is there more intensity than we realize?
As the teachers say, compare and contrast.
I suspect most of us have a bias toward action, especially if we think we’ll look stupid if we stand still.
When you do 16 years of work, you will know the neighborhoods, you will know the issues, you will know the agencies.
A few hours later, after falling asleep for a short time, she woke up, ate ice cream with Max and me and was able to talk with some coherence about Jerry Sandusky’s conviction earlier that day.
Some House Democrats, including members of the leadership, have objected to Mr. Obama’s proposal for a new cost-of-living formula that would reduce increases for Social Security beneficiaries — a proposal he included in his annual budget as a concession to Republicans in the hope of getting them to compromise on tax revenues.
Deval L. Patrick have shown great restraint in their words and have been careful not to accuse an entire people for what one madman may have done.
No one has been charged in the Nov. 20 shooting of Camacho, 50, and a friend in Bayamon.
But foreign investment and expertise will be needed.
And Brahms expected the piano to summon symphonic cascades of sound.
Meghan O’Sullivan, a former deputy national security adviser to Mr. Bush, said that some lessons could be drawn, but that it was too soon for final judgments.
Lawmakers usually stipulate that institutions offer such benefits only on a space-available basis.
Only half of the city’s sports budget, $3.7 million, had been allocated.
At issue is the $2.5 billion plan announced last week to settle an estimated 8,000 lawsuits involving the all-metal hip device known as the Articular Surface Replacement or A.S.R.
And while Ms. Durazo remains focused on the immigration debate in Congress, she is simultaneously marshaling her troops to help elect a new mayor here and prevent the sale of The Los Angeles Times to the conservative billionaires Charles G. Koch and David H. Koch.
Thailand, the court said, is “under an obligation to withdraw from that territory the Thai military or police forces, or other guards or keepers, that were stationed there.” Nationalist groups have urged the Thai government not to respect the verdict.
The car then burst into flames near the iconic portrait of Mao Zedong.
Free with admission: $11; $8 for students and ages 2 through 17 and 62+; free for members.
Local laws prohibit large projects in Farallón, but Mr. Enríquez, the bed-and-breakfast co-owner, is skeptical that they will prevent new developments.
Rwanda’s leaders recognize how critical it is to maintain international good will.
Growing up in Reston, Va., he fell in love with hip-hop, he said, when he bought a Nas cassette at the age of 5.
But on Monday, The Guardian, a British newspaper, reported that the actor Michael Douglas believed that his throat cancer was caused by an infection acquired during oral sex, highlighting a trend that has alarmed many scientists.
“I’m so lucky,” he said.
Discopalooza 4, including Tavares; Norma Jean Wright and Luci Martin, the Ladies of Chic; Trammps; and Sugar Hill Gang.
As this Committee knows, that’s why DoD is rebalancing its resources towards the Asia-Pacific region.
South America also returned to profitability, fueled by the popularity of the Ranger and EcoSport models, Mr. Shanks said.
Declan Walsh reports from Multan, Pakistan.
The leaders included Joe Echevarria, chief executive of Deloitte LLP; Marillyn A. Hewson, chief executive of Lockheed Martin; Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of Blackstone, and several others who had not previously played such prominent roles in supporting an immigration overhaul.
“Subsequent developments have severely shaken that belief.
It’s World War II, and the men are traveling through a Russian forest: a time and a place in which good and evil appear as unambiguous as the Nazi occupiers and partisan fighters creeping through the trees.
And at this point in the trip, we really weren’t having much fun.
The judges are supposed to ignore all of that.
State and federal authorities are taking aim at banks for failing to police third-party contractors — an issue at the heart of a $26 billion settlement last year to resolve claims that banks relied on outside lawyers to churn through mountains of foreclosures without vetting them for accuracy.
And she is fiercely protective of its often-criticized composer, Frank Wildhorn , who in turn praised the “innate sadness in her voice,” which “in music equals sensuality.” “She has that soulfulness more than she even knows,” he said, “because on a daily basis of her life, that’s not what’s asked for her.” But as he considered the trusting, inexperienced characters she has frequently played on Broadway, Mr. Wildhorn said: “I think you can only get so much out of yourself, playing the ingénue, over and over again.
Its obscenity is the chief concern for its harshest critics.
But it would be hypocritical for American economists to argue against such competition, as we have long preached that nations are better off over all when they pursue a policy of free and open trade.
These rules came out of a 2003 settlement to address concerns that investment banks were influencing the reports by their analysts to favor clients.
An hour later, after Rodriguez showered and changed, he left the facility and walked to his car, carefully sidestepping a puddle of mud as he checked his cellphone.
In particular, member responses now include Twitter and Facebook account names as well as the Facebook “id” used by the Graph API .
Republicans, who make up most of the coalition that controls the Senate, have generally opposed new abortion rights measures.
Some critics worry that even if additional money starts flowing in soon, it may not come in time to avoid major problems, which are already beginning to surface.
With the United States trying to reinvigorate President Obama’s shift to Asia after he canceled a trip to the region because of the government shutdown, analysts will watch Mr. Biden’s words as a clue to America’s resolve to maintain its military presence here.
A zipper pull with the team or league name on it.
Mr. Lampert faces a tough job.
Had the case gone to trial, it might have offered the first real legal test of whether the airlines had culpability in the attacks.
Life goals should flow into the yearly list, which should then flow into the weekly and daily lists.
Because they live in states largely controlled by Republicans that have declined to participate in a vast expansion of Medicaid, the medical insurance program for the poor, they are among the eight million Americans who are impoverished, uninsured and ineligible for help.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany arrived in Turkey on Sunday for talks with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, holding out hope for new impetus in the stalled negotiations for the country to join the European Union.
It’s only been nine months since the Newtown, Conn. , shooting, which took place five months after the Aurora, Colo. , shooting.
It was another high-risk proposition, and we stayed at it for a year but did not do well.
Or so it would seem.
Mr. Kay’s commonplace contention is that there’s little difference between the two major parties that monopolize our country’s democratic system.
In October 2011, as the futures broker MF Global teetered on the brink of collapse, it dipped into client accounts in an effort to avert bankruptcy.
All work as prostitutes in the Netherlands, to where Ms. Marder has traveled from her home in Los Angeles to photograph them during the past five years.
Prosecutors say that she knew members of the group that allegedly used the bill, but that she lied to the police about the incident.
Several members of Congress, including Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California Democrat who has been active in telecommunications legislation, praised Mr. Genachowski’s tenure.
Sales of the company’s pacemakers and implantable defibrillators increased 3 percent to $1.33 billion, driven by international sales.
Friendships formed at school bus stops and church services, at the pier and the veterans’ hall, over children’s backyard games and picnics on the beach.
This is what happens when farmers’ markets fail to sue for copyright infringement.
Before we met them, I had spent every summer in Italy on a sailboat, based first in Porto Ercole in Tuscany and then Sardinia .
But inspiration strikes, and using a pair of common household scissors as his magic wand, Matisse cuts shapes out of brightly colored paper and transforms his sickroom into a mystical garden full of flowers and birds.
They’re a Muslim sect, and their basic belief is that God rules everything in heaven, but the devil rules on earth.
It once seemed the Easy Rawlins mysteries might be a thing of the past, but you decided to revisit?
“He comes up with inflammatory accusations, the type of accusations that automatically make headlines,” said Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the committee.
Swift couldn’t help seeming justified in her angst against the oily Mr. Mayer.
“Everybody wears a wig” is too strong a statement, but more women than one might think turn to them at least occasionally.
I still miss GILDA Radner and her comedic brilliance.
Lee said his hamstring was sore.
The public service campaign is the latest phase of a continuing collaboration between the Ad Council and the Army begun in 2000.
The danger in question is because of the recent emergence of a political philosophy — and I mean that in the loosest sense — which threatens to unravel our joint commitment to a common democratic enterprise.
At the other table, after South opened one spade, Poore (West) did double.
“She became blind from one moment to another,” Ms. Squarci said.
It was never easy.” Mr. Zwirner said that while it was premature to discuss specifics, American museums’ interest in Rhoades was now beginning to solidify, seven years after his death.
Organizers said that as the host, River City High was given half the pregame ticket money and all sales from the concession stand, an amount that totaled $1,355.
The shoot included 500 pairs of shoes, $3 million worth of jewelry and two baby tigers.
The older you get, the more the losses.
His process cut down on the mistakes.” Saban declined an interview request, and his assistants are restricted from talking to the news media.
With the television in her pizzeria showing an endless loop of the Boston manhunt on Friday, Bessie Kontis glanced up at scenes of the quasi-military lockdown and shuddered.
And, as a last resort, it created titanium tubing to vent any hazardous residue from the plane.
Last summer, Aleksandr N. Tkachev , the governor of the Krasnodar region, to the west, took aim at his neighbors in the Stavropol region, saying so many Muslims had resettled there that Russians no longer felt at home.
He joined the Berkeley faculty in 1967.
When the family sits down to dinner, you never see the food.
He could become a fixture there.
The next day I had to get to the dock for another boat to Nassau; the car-rental agent had told me to pick up Sidney Green “under the tree in town,” which was exactly where he was.
A comprehensive package of background on the research has been posted by the university.
At 1:30 (semi-staged) and 7:30 p.m. (fully staged), Kaye Playhouse, Hunter College, 68th Street, between Lexington and Park Avenues, (212) 772-4448, kayeplayhouse.hunter.cuny.edu; $25, $10 for students and 65+.
The index recovered immediately, but the incident reflected the disproportionate impact that a very simple intrusion can have.
As more countries include arbitration clauses in bilateral trade pacts and more investors plow money into infrastructure and other big overseas projects, the prospects for rising revenue are not lost on law firms.
They praised his abstemiousness : He takes public transportation!
Lens is also on Facebook .
They are reluctant to ever ask for anything,” said Brad Gair, director of the mayor’s NYC Recovery office.
Congressman Joe Courtney, who spoke out against historical inaccuracies in “Lincoln,” has now come out in favor of its chief Oscar rival, “Argo.” O.K, O.K., Mr. Courtney, a Democrat, liked Steven Spielberg’s “Lincoln” – except for the part where he thought it disparaged his home state , Connecticut.
I must have been rushing, because I filled in E.T.S for “Lead characters in ‘Mork & Mindy’?” until I went back and realized that this was one of those “look for the first letters” clues.
At 19, and on her own, she settled in Brooklyn, trying out several neighborhoods, the last being Windsor Terrace.
That power was what made forming a government after the election in February so hard.
They had gone 0-7 against teams in that echelon until beating the Grizzlies (47-24).
The change in fortunes reflected cuts that were imposed over the past two years, a temporary tax surcharge approved by voters in November that expires in seven years, and a general improvement in the state’s economy.
“This is not a fancy technology,” said Ms. Hayden, gesturing toward an amethyst geode.
France, seeking fresh ways to raise funds and frustrated that American technology companies that dominate its digital economy are largely beyond the reach of French fiscal authorities, has proposed a new levy: an Internet tax on the collection of personal data.
The baleful spectacle of all those men casting judgment on the lone boy at the long, empty table feels wrong no matter what the accused did or did not do.
We have emergency health services.
Officers caught the suspect hiding under a shed behind a home following a one hour manhunt.
The difference, though, is there is an end in sight — meaningful goals of playing far deeper into March.
And it is not always clear which phone company works from what network, so it is best to ask when considering purchasing the phone, Sascha Segan, lead analyst for PCMag Mobile, said.
FCBI is continuing to investigate the death of Robert Saylor, age 26 of New Market.
When the center, Thomas Ross, reached the sideline, Robinson was waiting.
Ansonia Nature Center, 10 Deerfield Road.
The Federal Reserve’s policy making committee makes an announcement at 2 p.m. Hess and Hyatt Hotels report earnings before the market opens.
If it were mine, I would have to be wrenched from the space.
I made several visits to Vero recently for two reasons: to see whether the dishes I enjoyed before the restaurant’s closing were still good, and to try some I haven’t had there before, including a few of the new full-size entrees.
Amazon versus Ali Baba.” Sityotdong said: “I do believe there’s an Asian version and a Western version.
“That’s not how we experience our lives,” she said.
A very mature and well-executed game plan by the Blue Devils never really had this one in doubt, and Albany put up a respectable fight.
The conflicting beliefs that shape Israel are traced via seven veterans of the 1967 war.
The people using big data don’t presume to peer deeply into people’s souls.
Irresistible as much of the music is, I often had the frustrating impression that I was being forced to listen to an LP being played at the dizzying, distorting speed of a 45.
Describing the victim’s injuries for the first time, the Coahoma County coroner, Scotty Meredith, said the candidate, Marco W. McMillian, was found unclothed, with a black eye and two small burns on his skin.
She is the daughter of Marilyn J. Crawley and Timothy M. Crawley of Cottage Grove, Ore.
Saturday at 3 p.m. and Sunday at 6 p.m., Stage 72, 158 West 72nd Street, Manhattan, (800) 838-3006, brownpapertickets.com; $25; $12.50 for students and 65+.
The long weekend also emphasizes education; the “Jazz Talk” tent caters to lifelong devotees and neophytes alike with academic panels, artist presentations and historical lectures.
When she was 18 she had sold a painting to George Gershwin, and her art sold well throughout her life.
Put several layers of cheesecloth in a colander placed over a bowl (or use a very fine-meshed sieve) and strain the mixture, pressing and squeezing to extract as much liquid as possible.
After each game at the Whiskey Brooklyn , the winner gets to “keep” the table and await the next challenger.
Left behind were only cuneiform texts that vaguely hint at the brewing process, perhaps none more poetically than the Hymn to Ninkasi , the Sumerian goddess of beer.
I was behind a woman at the supermarket who was trying to buy a precooked chicken with food stamps.
Reassurance seemed to be the message from top city and state officials on the Sunday news shows.
But construction has continued apace.
The Musical’ An “unauthorized parody” of the grisly movie with the Hannibal Lecter character crooning noxious songs and a hilarious sendup of Jodie Foster’s intense Clarice Starling.
The Second Amendment right to bear arms is an important right.
And if my math is right, we have tons of people on our mailing list.” John Schaefer, the host of several radio shows on WNYC that focus on new music, said the subscription model struck him as a plausible way for some musicians to supplement their performing income.
She graduated cum laude from Harvard.
I politely asked him to extinguish his cigarette; he was dripping ashes on my frightened patient.
Some 125 years after his first appearance, Sherlock Holmes remains a hot literary property, inspiring thousands of pastiches, parodies and sequels in print, to saying nothing of the hit Warner Bros. film starring Robert Downey Jr. and such television series as “Elementary” and the BBC’s “Sherlock.” But according to a civil complaint filed on Thursday in federal court in Illinois by a leading Holmes scholar, many licensing fees paid to the Arthur Conan Doyle estate have been unnecessary, since the main characters and elements of their story derived from materials published before Jan. 1, 1923, are no longer covered by United States copyright law.
Later that day, the pain in my ankle did subside, but a funny thing happened: my limp persisted.
He thought their relationship “quirky and unconventional” because they often did their own thing, including taking separate vacations.
If you need help in completing the Fafsa, look for someone who is a retired college financial aid administrator.
He is correct that empowering women is the key to improving food security in the developing world, but to do this, we first have to listen to women.
If comics, games, science fiction and fantasy are your bailiwick but you prefer sand and sun to bagels and Broadway, you might want to visit the West Coast for Comic-Con International: San Diego and Comikaze Expo in Los Angeles, the official convention of Stan Lee, comic book writer and a former Marvel Comics executive.
Endorsements work this way: We invite candidates to make their case before the board.
SHREWSBURY “Summer Show of Painters,” an exhibition of artwork by members of the Guild of Creative Art, featuring acrylics, mixed media, oils, pastels and watercolors.
Furthermore, policy makers say they believe that the “risks to the growth outlook are still predominantly to the downside.” In other words, they believe that the economy could do even more poorly than they anticipate right now.
We are going to have same-sex marriage sooner or later.
• An article on Tuesday about Lakhdar Brahimi, the United Nations special envoy on Syria, and his commitment to bringing about peace talks in an effort to end that country’s civil war, paraphrased incorrectly from comments by Bernadette Meehan, a spokeswoman for the National Security Council, on the American position on proposed talks in Geneva.
“There is some good news out of the shutdown,” Representative Marsha Blackburn, Republican of Tennessee, wrote on Twitter.
Today even the costumes, which once seemed stiff and dowdy, gloriously conjure a spectral dream ballroom, with a range of color from soft lime to vivid raspberry, all variously shadowed by black.
According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , the average annual cost to house a convicted felon in a state prison is approximately $28,000 a year.
“About half of the artists are women, actually, and it was not on purpose,” the curator said, “but I do think that photography, compared to other art forms, has a tradition of being something that’s more accessible to women than, you know, back in the 19th century where you needed to go study art at an academy, and draw from the nude and so on.
“Somebody had Yankee Stadium for several days and gave us one of the days, equipment and all,” Mr. Dinkins recalled.
Stephen G. Wozniak was the hardware-hacking engineer and Steven P. Jobs, who died in 2011 after a battle with cancer, was the business visionary.
“I didn’t follow these people home.
“People are uneasy not knowing what’s going on,” said John Carey, portfolio manager at Pioneer Investment Management in Boston.
At the time, there were no real estate agencies in Phnom Penh and the country’s land registry system was rudimentary.
Forget about trying to win voters.
Kenny, who is a great professional as well as an excellent person to work with, has been a very good member of our roster and we wish him every success with the next phase of his playing career.
James Gamble Rogers III, an architect and a grandson of the designer, James Gamble Rogers, Yale ’89, says that the 1915 Yale Club was also designed for conversion to a hotel.
Upheaval from increased temperatures, rising seas and radical destabilization “is probably the most likely thing that is going to happen…” he said , “that will cripple the security environment, probably more likely than the other scenarios we all often talk about.’’ Locklear’s not alone.
Mr. Comey’s confirmation hearing, he said, “will provide an important opportunity to assure that the F.B.I.
For customers of the T.G.I.
Nine teenagers were missing Friday from a ranch for troubled youths in Sierra County after workers were accused of beating and shackling them.
In doing so, what many consider the world’s first feature film to showcase sympathetic gay characters and themes was lost.
And on the side of the museum that faces the popular Museumplein is Moore’s imposing “Two Piece Reclining Figure” in bronze.
That observation was confirmed after a nine-mile drive up Back Gate Road to a back entrance of the base.
PRINCETON Princeton Symphony Orchestra’s Eternal Light concert.
They’re just looking for him.” Stephen Colbert on his show asked Mr. Baca, “Are you a cop?” The website Mediabistro posted the job opening and encouraged applicants to “Roll up those résumés.” The British media gushed over the news, with The Independent calling the gig “arguably the best job in journalism” and a commenter on The Guardian exclaiming “Brilliant Denver!” and “liberal Yanks showing us Euros a thing or two.” But The Denver Post is taking its marijuana coverage seriously.
New York’s tallest building was deemed taller even though it has six fewer floors and its roof is more than 100 feet lower than the top side of the Willis Tower.
There will have to be a single European military and one language of government and politics: English.
Among Chinese officials, the mood toward the young North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, has also darkened.
The body’s current mandate in South Sudan, described in its budget as “political transition” and “extension of state authority,” is completely different from what it was during Sudan’s civil war.
In answer to the question that keeps coming up, Bowe has a quick comeback.
Despite boasting a cluster of big stars (Brad Pitt, Cameron Diaz, Michael Fassbender), a star director (Ridley Scott) and a star writer (Cormac McCarthy), “The Counselor” managed only $8 million in ticket sales in its first weekend, for fourth place.
COMING UP TODAY • Joseph J. Lhota, the Republican mayoral candidate, who was just endorsed by The New York Post and The New York Times , takes part in a forum sponsored by the Jewish Press at the Boro Park Y .
But the plan fell apart, reportedly due to Ms. Burnett’s unwillingness to move to the morning time slot.
“I don’t think it’s really fair that God gets to choose what we look like on the outside, do you?” says Beatress Johnson (Tristan Risk) in “American Mary,” a new horror movie from the twins Jen and Sylvia Soska.
Based on win shares — a statistic that estimates the number of wins a player contributes to his team through his offense and defense — four of Philadelphia’s top six players last season were no longer with the team by the end of last summer: Andre Iguodala (traded to the Denver Nuggets), Louis Williams (signed as a free agent by the Atlanta Hawks), Elton Brand (waived and signed by the Dallas Mavericks) and Jodie Meeks (signed as a free agent by the Los Angeles Lakers).
Wisdom was later adjourned in contemplation of dismissal, according to the civil-rights suit that he filed.
“I like celebrities but I’m not goo-goo eyed over them,” he said.
Animals given small amounts of each do not show many changes.
The pick of Hagel underscores that indelicacy.
The year that followed came with a different set of questions, often from well-meaning friends: “Do you regret not freezing his sperm?” and “Don’t you wish you had children with him?” Alberto and I had discussed the possibility of children on our second date.
After he married and started a family, it was his wife’s friends who looked at him sideways.
So these are the season’s uncomplicated days.
In the first week of shooting, he had to give a historic speech that Mr. Mandela delivered on South African television, exhorting his followers to abandon violent struggle and embrace the peace process.
Thirty other states allow similar financing plans, though most apply only to energy, unlike in Texas.
Relais & Châteaux Grands Chefs Dinner, London Visitors to London, bring your appetite.
In 2012, the company sold its 16 regional newspapers.
Context, suitability and intelligence are considered secondary to provocation.
The ammonium nitrate molecule itself had to be changed.
For every step you take in scree, you slide back a few inches.
The app goes step by step on guiding the drawings.
But the primary thing with Jackson — as with all the old bards, who were also known for repeating themselves — is the voice.
Patna, BIHAR —It was 11 p.m. on a cold night in January when Raveendran Sankaran, a high-ranking Bihar police official, was woken up by a phone call from Srinagar.
In most of those cities, they’ll be talking to voters with crunchy lawns.
There are 161 start-ups that end in “ly,” “lee,” or “li.” What is worse is the way companies kill products that are no longer working.
In the past, Chinese companies have been known mainly as suppliers of small arms, but that is changing quickly.
“We want to give our consumers something they are not going to forget,” Mr. Sundet said.
Spice Village gives you the option of including hand-pulled ones, which is a fun kind of overkill, but I preferred rice.
Hospitals depend on the fact that very few people request or challenge bills.
At first, I found the confusion quite amusing.
Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn had sought a reduction of Mr. Massino’s sentence, citing his extensive cooperation: while incarcerated, Mr. Massino had recorded conversations with a Mafia captain, and he has provided investigators with information about hundreds of people associated with not only the Bonanno family, which Mr. Massino took control of in 1991, but also the other crime families across New York.
This is only the second time in the past seven years that New York didn’t make the postseason.
“If they are allowed the option to not take a harder math class, of course they’re not going to do that,” said Anthony Tomkins, 18, a senior at Akins who plans to attend Texas A&M.
“I think he hit his leg on his back swing.” He was taken to the hospital.
At the same Nov. 21 auction, Bonhams will offer a collection of aged antique spirits, including a 60-year-old malt in a Macallan Lalique decanter, one of 400 put on the market in 2011.
Women may also face deductible payments as high as $10,000 with some plans, and those on Medicaid may face long waits because of a shortage of plastic surgeons who do breast reconstruction and accept this insurance.
After that I hand out snacks.
The question was written by Shannon Doyne .
Mr. Sedlacek put the fortress on the market in November 2011 for $10 million.
He made his mark as an adviser to financial institutions, helping orchestrate deals like Fleet Bank’s $49 billion sale to Bank of America .
As an antidote to the concept that “real” men can’t wear flowers, the show was a compelling and appealing affirmer.
“They will look at what the lawyers for the N.F.L.
“They make plays, and they make plays, and they make plays.” Two weeks after McCarron and Alabama beat Manziel and A&M in a 49-42 shootout, Murray and Mettenberger combined for 670 yards and 7 touchdown passes.
At one point, according to Inquisition records, Diego joked about being buried in a monastery there, prayed over by the monks and for good measure by the prayers of Jews at a neighboring synagogue.
Other researchers are studying different kinds of stem cells that, unlike myosatellite cells, can reproduce indefinitely, ensuring a “livestock-autonomous” supply of cells to make cultured meat.
But the company wants to ensure that it does not end up financing any legal challenges by the irascible activist investor, who last month hinted that he might try to get his own director nominees elected if Dell moved forward with the $24.4 billion proposed sale to Silver Lake and Michael S. Dell .
Now, they could also stand for Customized Virtual Shopping.
It was an up-and-down week for animals.
But they are transferring the collection of paintings, sculpture, woodblock prints, ceramics, bamboo, baskets and textiles to the Minneapolis Institute, which will pay the Clarks $5 million.
A question that runs through the film is how and where you cut back without harming the quality, not to mention the availability, of education in one of the country’s most respected institutions.
Ethel Barrymore Theater, 243 West 47th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
“Norman was a bit of a rogue, charming and persuasive, but deeply serious,” said Richard Hollis, the graphic designer who taught with him in Bristol.
In fact, what’s being decided is whether my children will consider raising their own children here.
WHAT are some of the questions that the United States’ campaign of targeted killing raises?
One such scene does come after Filippo’s moonlit boat date with a visiting tourist is nightmarishly interrupted by another tide of refugees, with grim consequences the next morning.
When our son was hospitalized with meningitis as a child she stayed overnight in his hospital room while I busied myself with errands at home and rehearsed how to visit him without seeming frightened.
We all know she’s not been well lately.
He is not involved in her care.
It significantly complicates efforts by the United States to develop a relationship with China under President Xi Jinping.
His next step, he hopes, will be to expand into video and television.
Still, David Partenheimer, a Postal Service spokesman, said, “We continue to move forward at this time with our planning for an August implementation of our new delivery schedule.” Many lawmakers have expressed frustration with Mr. Donahoe, who they say is trying to make an end run around Congress.
“These are a close second to Apalachicola oysters,” Don Phaneuf, the barman and shucker at Nick’s, assured me as he sucked down a few.
“A check in the amount of $141.25 ($216.25 minus $75) would be sent to a local service agent,” wrote Alicia Harris, of the company’s executive staff.
Could she ensure that she would stay engaged and not burn out again?
“I started seeing her around,” Weiner says, “and I was like, ‘Wow, who is that?’ And I was not the only one.
“I will always be a Red Sock.
“My favorite and still closest is Joan Kennedy,” the first wife of Senator Edward M. Kennedy.
Because the fact of the matter was, she was a different person in my eyes” once she began her “different lifestyle.” Flemmi contended there were only two instances of “consensual” oral sex once she turned 17 (“17 and a half, almost 18”) but conceded it was “an indiscretion.” He and Whitey prided themselves on being a cut above other wiseguys because they did not succumb to weaknesses like overdrinking and overeating — they once looked disdainfully at an F.B.I.
Athens was shortly retaken, and Col.
LODGINGS Norway’s first Design Hotel, The Thief, opened in January with 119 rooms and suites (Landgangen 1; thethief.com ; from 2,090 kroner).
A negotiated solution is unquestionably better; it is alarming to hear Israeli politicians reject it in extremist terms and threaten unspecified unilateral action.
“The Chinese government has made little improvement in the critical areas of concern.” The United Nations review is emblematic of the broader contention over human rights in China.
Yet there are dozens of digital alternatives, like PeerCoin, Litecoin and anoncoin, whose backers point to advantages they say their currency has over bitcoin.
Now, I may work a little bit, but really use the flight to relax.
By the time the Monitor left Brooklyn and arrived in Hampton Roads in 1862, the Virginia had already destroyed two Union frigates.
The unemployment rate is expected to remain at 7.8 percent for the third straight month.
The results appear online in Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research.
MYSTIC “The Historical Exhibit,” selections from the permanent collection.
If they fail even in the slightest, readers are sure to voice criticism and, maybe justifiably, rain down judgment and reckoning.
The Bay Lights, an ambitious public-art work by Leo Villareal in which 25,000 white LED lights along the bridge’s suspension cables will flicker, goes live on March 5 .
They will then take these questions out onto the streets of the London neighborhood of Camden, where they will ask pedestrians for answers.
The property has two small guesthouses, one that once housed slaves and the other a stone structure dating to the mid-1700s.
In fact, given the game probabilities this week, there is only a 21 percent chance that all of those favorites will win, and there’s a complementary 79 percent chance that at least one of those underdogs will pull off an upset.
Its truest icon remains the Torch of Liberty at the harbor mouth, expressing the truest purpose not just of the city, but of the nation itself.
I have a bunch of errands to do.” What should I write?
Ms. Poehler praised Mr. Biden on the NBC Web site for keeping his composure “while I harassed him and invaded his personal space.” Personal space invasion is also a big part of Mr. Biden’s repertory.
Packard’s interest in fine timepieces sprang from a lifelong fascination with all things mechanical.
He also struck out Beltran, swinging, on his cutter in the first.
I’d hate to see the Fed fall into that trap.
Mr. Obama, in response, virtually campaigned for his no-negotiations stand.
A couple of weeks ago, during a social chat with the mother, I asked her when the wedding was taking place.
The phrase “animal rights activist,” particularly if it means someone who would ban the private ownership of exotic animals, is to Mr. Sandlin a disparagement on its face.
Still, he said, “dietary indiscretion” can lead to a sudden rise in uric acid.
• Young writers from Africa talk and read from their work at the main Brooklyn Public Library.
FORBES Soros Predicts Euro Will Survive | Bloomberg News reports: “George Soros, one of the most outspoken critics of Germany’s proposed austerity policies to solve the European debt crisis, said the euro is here to stay and will gain as other nations seek to devalue their currencies.” BLOOMBERG NEWS British Investors Support Push to Change I.P.O.
To secure these loans, the company needs a change in Russian law lifting Gazprom’s monopoly for exports.
The corruption, income inequality and environmental degradation that have accompanied China’s breakneck economic development over the last 30 years have provoked social unrest.
Not only is it medically unnecessary to require a prescription for birth control pills, but also a doctor’s visit is costly and adds a hurdle that can delay women from getting the contraception they want and need.
The show is a literary-minded work (Don in the season premiere was reading Dante’s “Inferno” on a Hawaiian beach; another episode was titled “The Quality of Mercy,” a reference to “The Merchant of Venice”).
“There is not an ugly thing for 10 blocks around.” Or maybe it’s her work with ancient stones that keeps de Taillac so grounded.
He’s defending the health of our democracy.
Even the location of the production was an expression of shared community: Because of construction at Park Avenue Christian Church, the performance took place around the corner on 86th Street at Park Avenue United Methodist Church.
Russia and China, which have opposed economic sanctions, are likely to resist further steps at the United Nations, while the Americans and Europeans have warned of imposing more on their own.
The use of so much wood raises the issue of the potential impact on forests if wooden buildings were to become prevalent.
On whether the players made gains with regard to free agency.
Royal Dutch Shell, which has agreed to pay more than $6 billion for the liquefied natural gas businesses of the Spanish company Repsol, is taking advantage of Repsol’s weakened balance sheet in order to strengthen Shell’s own world-leading position in a business with huge profit potential.
In Frito-Lay’s hands, the pita chips averaged 270 milligrams of sodium — nearly one-fifth a whole day’s recommended maximum for most American adults — and were a huge hit among boomers.
We got a mandate to have a majority in the House,” Speaker John A. Boehner of Ohio said in an interview Thursday, dismissing any suggestion that election results should dictate Republican accession to President Obama’s wishes.
“I understand that they had a kind of Islamic vacuum,” he said.
Limiting outdoor brunch hours had meant a significant loss of revenue, he added, especially given that he pays the city about $12,000 a year for a sidewalk permit.
“Which is why we are gathered here today, and I, Alicia Margarita Arellanes Cervantes, give Monterrey, Nuevo León, to our Lord Jesus Christ, so that his kingdom of peace and blessings may be established.” “I open the doors of this municipality to God as the ultimate authority,” she adds.
The story of the past three years, after all, is not that Alesina and Ardagna used a bad measure of fiscal policy, or that Reinhart and Rogoff mishandled their data.
“These bombs were clearly built for that purpose.” Federal authorities said they had made proper use of the public safety exemption to the Miranda rule.
Yet far outweighing the style solecisms were well-fitted suits with softly suppressed waists, natural shoulders and pick-stitched lapels, and accessorized with modified brogues or black calf oxfords.
Both companies have connections to previous investments made through the comptroller’s program.
Make no mistake: the founding fathers earned the fame they coveted by making consequential decisions.
Jeffrey Richards, one of the busiest producers on Broadway, with shows including “Virginia Woolf,” “August,” and, with Mr. Hwang and Ms. Silverman, “Chinglish,” laughed when asked if he had a soft spot for hiring women for those plays and others.
“Apparently, he’s still a tackling machine.” NUMBER TO WATCH 836 That is how many yards the Jets have allowed the past two weeks, the most in a two-game stretch during Ryan’s tenure, exceeding the 809 they surrendered this season to New Orleans and Cincinnati.
The networks are taking a page from the cable playbook and scheduling series that run for fewer episodes than 22, their standard order.
A replay of their discussion, featuring Julia Moskin of The Times, is above.
It’s a topic that Lisa Fain, a blogger (Homesick Texan) and cookbook author who has lived in New York since 1995, has often lamented with fellow expatriates.
“It was the worst moment of my life,” Nicole said of seeing the pictures of herself.
“ The Signature of All Things ,” her acclaimed new novel, is about — of all things — a fictional 19th-century botanist.
But then in 1955, Hurricane Janet blew through.
With Marc Jacobs closing the season when many people had already left town, the fashion experts are now questioning the wisdom of a too-early start to New York’s fashion week and whether designers are trying too hard to be “different.”
If you decide you need the bigger screen, you will find a lot of benefit in the iPad Air.
Historically, it was important for women to have husbands who acknowledged paternity for their children, as children born to unmarried parents were deemed “illegitimate” and had fewer rights than children born to married parents.
C. C. Sabathia became the latest victim of the Yankees’ yearlong injury epidemic during his last start Friday when he sustained a left hamstring strain, the Yankees announced Monday.
In “Cash or Trade,” the narrator, who’s just finished his junior year, spends an afternoon drinking beer with the sexy 19-year-old drifter his used-car-salesman dad has hired to wash cars in her cutoffs.
Sick children are getting covered.
Their demand: that Kenya withdraw the forces it deployed to Somalia two years ago as part of an international effort to drive Islamist extremists known as Al Shabab out of Mogadishu and other major cities, and return the country to government rule and a semblance of normal life.
Montana State University is also downtown.
The existing Harmony high-speed quad chairlift on Whistler Mountain was replaced with the Harmony 6 Express, a high-speed “six-pack” chairlift that goes to the same terrain, from the edge of the Symphony Amphitheater to Glacier Bowl.
Music transports you, and when you augment that with beautiful dance, it becomes a unique sensory experience.” Another troupe with Balanchine ties is the Barak Ballet, founded by Melissa Barak, a Los Angeles native who danced with New York City Ballet for nine years.
Nash whipped the puck in front to Stepan, streaking down the slot, and he poked it past Washington goalie Braden Holtby.
No doubt there will still be bumps like this summer’s.
Considering the last several years of marriage — the births and deaths, the comings and goings of their combined five daughters, the blizzards, the disappearing leftovers — she realized that, in fact, she has no authority.
The second fundamental factor involves the country’s trade deficit, which is becoming a more serious problem, judging by the government’s mounting concern about gold imports.
He added in another text, referring to the coach, that “I feel like he took care of it” and that “he was joking about it so I’m not that worried.” Efforts to reach Mr. Saccoccia on Thursday night were unsuccessful.
At the time, young musicians were flocking to Hoboken, a comfortable, mile-square city, for its reasonable rents and proximity to New York.
It should ease the burden for all Americans who must pay for public assistance for workers whose employers do not provide a decent wage.
Nevertheless, it worked for the picture.
The plan is in response to a mid-February incursion into the Malaysian state of Sabah by about 200 gunmen who claimed to be a royal militia seeking to re-establish an ancient claim on the land by the Philippine-based Sultanate of Sulu.
There was a weird sensation of seeing red and green areas in the periphery of my vision.
A few sad and scary moments and period-appropriate tobacco use.
Here, by an escalator, is a tasteful frieze of a seminude man with a bowl on his head and drapes on his shoulders.
He had a gorgeous beard that he wore coiled in a bun on his chin.
Jonathan Adler ’s warehouse sale, through Sunday, will include furniture, lighting, pottery and home décor at up to 70 percent off (the Whitaker sofa, regularly $2,800, is $1,400; the Charade Wave vase, regularly $250, is $75); 513 Irving Avenue (Eldert Street), Brooklyn, jonathanadler.com.
Another said he generally does not vote for anybody on the first ballot, a completely indefensible position, even if it is rooted in history.
One governor, Elizabeth A. Duke, stepped down at the end of August .
They could say whatever they wanted to the umpires and the lines judges, and it was fine.
From 2009-11, Wright-Phillips played for Plymouth Argyle and then Charlton Athletic.
She ended up going to sleep on the cot in my study and, the next day, proceeded to give me a blow-by-blow account of everything that happened in the book as though it were the story of someone dear to us.
He talked to reporters about drunk-dialing old girlfriends, the strain drinking put on his relationship with his parents and even, most sensationally, the times he showed up, still drunk, on the set of “Harry Potter.” David Yates said he was not aware of Radcliffe’s drinking, which Radcliffe believes is true; he had carefully hidden his problem from colleagues and many close friends.
Film Forum Jr.: ‘Bye Bye Birdie’ (Sunday) Film Forum, the downtown cinema, is now the proud parent of Film Forum Jr., a new series introducing classic movies to children.
At least three servings a day of fresh fruit.
NORFOLK Infinity Hall Jasper String Quartet, classical.
From my hotel, the Sedona, at the edge of the vast moat that surrounds the Mandalay Palace, I could walk the mile to the East Gate — the only one that foreigners are allowed to use.
“The kids hated the school police,” said Ms. Simmons, the principal.
The highest paid workers, presumably the most valuable to the organization, would get the biggest shares.
His family is from Bulgaria, nested in an apartment complex on Parsons Boulevard in Queens.
It has been 25 minutes since someone’s Oldsmobile rolled oddly to a halt.
Sept. 2 at 9 p.m. $10.
That case continues to ripple through United States-Swiss relations, with Switzerland fumbling for a way to come clean with Washington about past practices without having to surrender its prized banking secrecy.
Understating output gaps leads to excessive demands for austerity and excessive complacency at central banks; this perpetuates the depression; and the longer the depression goes on, the more misleading the standard estimates become.
Instead, she said, “you have not seen the fulfillment of what people expected.
Its shares fell 1.4 percent, to $795.07.
The number of students who want to pursue engineering or computer science jobs is actually falling , precipitously, at just the moment when the need for those workers is soaring.
There is no proof either way, although it seems they were never without the company of a third person.
Congressional advocates of strong action to help the Syrian opposition, in contrast, have complained that the attack that President Obama appears to be planning seemed to be too limited to have enough of an impact.
“He would never turn someone away because of that physical mark.
The Pakistani Taliban were also behind fatal bomb blasts on softer targets like the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad in September 2008 and the Pearl Continental Hotel in Peshawar in 2009.
Also, spaces, mathematical symbols and most punctuation marks are not allowed.
After World War II it shifted to wheeled products like lawn mowers, wheelchairs and bicycles, designed by Mr. Ross and made in Rockaway Beach, Queens.
India Ink spoke to Arijit Shashwat, a survivor, who was in Kedarnath when the clouds burst and the pilgrim town was submerged.
The male detectives who work for her like her and are deeply loyal, and she even wins over the handsome, slightly stuffy investigating magistrate, Pierre Clément (Grégory Fitoussi), who begins the series as a rising star with friends — and tennis partners — in high places.
I have been sadly constrained from writing columns about the Ackman-Herbalife battle because the company had the wit to hire my fiancée’s employer, David Boies, after Ackman unveiled his attack.
The judge who ruled last month, Thomas A. Bishop of Superior Court in Rockville, wrote in a scathing 136-page decision that Mr. Sherman failed to show an attention to detail, lacked a coherent strategy and “was in a myriad of ways ineffective.” Those failures, he wrote, led to a “conviction that lacks reliability.” After the ruling, Mr. Santos filed a motion for his client to be released on bail.
But there were also scores of works by artists like Goya, Bassano and Guercino that went unsold without so much as a bid.
The organization that coordinated our seminars in Russia has long since shut down under pressure from the government.
He has made grants to independent media outlets in Africa and government watchdog groups in the United States.
In November of Haley’s freshman year, a couple of months after her first tentative “Difmos,” or dance-floor makeouts, she went to a party with a boy from her floor.
[Laughs] We wish this wasn’t happening.
“Was there a larger story that I was missing as all these deaths accumulated, as those I loved died?” “Men We Reaped” is that larger story.
Under the guise of making recommendations for Detroit, Mr. Rowey tried to sell the idea that auctioning off our most vital services and assets to for-profit companies is a simple win-win solution for strapped governments.
Most of the 10,000 fans packing the stands at the Sljeme Ski Area, about six miles (10 kilometers) from the Zagreb city center, were urging on Slovenia’s Maze, who made an uncharacteristic mistake during her second run, straddling a gate and not finishing.
MARC SCHECHTER , New York, posted on nytimes.com Adam Davidson is spot on.
(I imagined tricking it out for Halloween.)
‘Tilly the Trickster’ (Saturday and Sunday) If you were the parent of the title character in this musical from Atlantic for Kids, presented by the talented young adults in the children’s wing of the Atlantic Theater Company, you might be spending a lot of money on therapy.
Keoni Hudoba, an opera singer turned fitness expert (he shrank himself from 327 pounds to 180), created the 45-minute session that features a wider range of arm moves than is found at most cycling studios.
On the positive side, Peter Russo’s character [the Pennsylvania congressman played by Corey Stoll] was never supposed to run for governor.
Bill Bolling announced Tuesday that he would not leave the Republican Party and run as an independent for governor this year.
The program began with the duet for Prince and male Swan from Matthew Bourne’s “Swan Lake” (1995).
What readers have known for decades is that Agee used his reporting material to create his 1941 book, “Let Us Now Praise Famous Men,” a literary description of abject poverty in the South, accompanied by starkly haunting Walker Evans photographs.
Players, who were riding atop double-decker buses, had to duck to avoid overpasses several times along the parade route.
For those looking for luxury, stay at the Four Seasons (791 West Georgia Street).
He will offer the business judgment rule, a cornerstone of Delaware corporate law, to argue that these were merely bad business decisions, which cannot create liability.
That may sound like a caricature of masturbatory performance art, but most of the work sustained interest, even fascination.
The witness called the police, who in turn notified the humane law enforcement department of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
No matter who is selected, the next mayor and his police commissioner will face new challenges to hold down crime, which reached historic lows under Mr. Kelly, while at the same time reshaping policing practices to comply with a federal court decision on the stop-and-frisk program — all under the eye of a new independent inspector general .
When Leo Strauss died in 1973 he was virtually unknown outside the tiny academic circle that he inhabited.
But Sprint was also coming under its own pressure, as Dish had also bid for Sprint itself — trying to trump a competing deal in which SoftBank of Japan would pay $21.6 billion for control of the wireless operator.
The last passenger had boarded the plane when a murmur moved through the Aeroflot crew: Five passengers had not arrived.
They contend that the state has other ways to deal with the uninsured, but there’s little reason to believe them given the state’s long history of failing to help and persistent complaints from medical and patient advocacy groups.
HOW has this tornado been assessed on the Enhanced Fujita scale?
and a dance performance by members of Company XIV , which its choreographer, Austin McCormick, describes as “androgenous Baroque burlesque.” The costumes, designed by Mattie Ullrich, will, Mr. Goren said, be “amazing and very sexy.” “It’s sort of David Bowie with ancient Imperial Roman overtones,” he added.
The report includes a broad range of suggestions to help improve completion rates, including these: It argues that such measures would benefit students and the broader economy.
A site with 10 wells, each with four lateral branches, might produce gas worth more than $1 billion at today’s prices during its lifetime, according to a study by the Institute of Directors, a British business group.
After the Africa trip, she enrolled in life-coach training.
I wasn’t oppressed in any way — it favored me.
Also invited were some well-known professors of politics from Istanbul, all of them with good leftist credentials.
This one was a bungalow, lacking a rental unit.
Any quibbles you might have with Mr. Gloger’s conception of Senta are pushed aside by the star-making performance of the German soprano Ricarda Merbeth , who brings a big, penetrating voice to the role and plumbs the conflicts and passions of the character.
People first they approach the state bar councils; B.C.I.
“Because I’m black doesn’t make me any less human.
Also available are Randy Moss, No.
But because of Florida’s laws, prosecutors had to persuade jurors beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr. Zimmerman did not act in self-defense.
Prosecutors had no comment on the filing.
He helped keep the game close until Henderson started making shots.
Next month, 1.3 million jobless workers are scheduled to stop receiving an unemployment check, after Congress’s refusal to prolong the extension of emergency jobless benefits to up to 73 weeks, from 26.
Some dread having to produce an authentic-sounding “buenas noches” before crowds in East Harlem.
General Martins responded that his prosecutors would not argue against a defense motion asking a judge to scuttle it.
He used his small frame — he was 5 feet 6 inches — to dodge and perplex defenders.
— KEN PLUTNICKI Let’s hope the Mets season doesn’t send her on a Frank Gallagher-like bender.
— PETER EAVIS In December 2007, the Fed forecast that the economy would avoid a recession, despite the financial turmoil and despite the increasing downside risk.
Some eligible items included a Whirlpool washer, a DKNY suit and a Canon Rebel camera.
His most significant credentials are also his biggest liabilities.
Fewer and fewer of the young and talented are choosing politics as their field of work.
But he has mainly focused on capturing what is being lost, starting with the dismantling of the Second Avenue elevated subway in the 1940s.
Perhaps not your closest pals, but roommates occupy a hazy zone between business partners and friends.
How do you explain five No.
The school said he was born on Sept. 6, 1930, the son of a New York City police officer, Thomas Curran, and his wife, Helen, who worked for a time in the police commissioner’s office.
JAGUARS 32, BROWNS 28 Cecil Shorts caught a 20-yard pass for a touchdown with 40 seconds left, rallying Jacksonville to a win in Cleveland, his hometown, against the team he grew up rooting for.
As her mother’s will is read in the opening pages of O’Brien’s memoir, “Country Girl,” she learns that she has been disinherited.
By Thursday evening, the three men and one woman were still being held on criminal charges of illegal assembly, according to their lawyers, charges that carry a penalty of up to five years in prison.
The high-quality production values and cast, especially Mr. Rayson, provide satisfying moments, but sometimes it’s best to keep a curio in the cabinet.
Such trading has been a cause of study and concern in many countries, including the United States, and Europe and Germany are developing rules and legislation to regulate the practice Supporters of high-frequency trading say that it creates efficient markets by narrowing the gaps between bid and ask prices and increases liquidity.
Mr. Lucas’s career path suggests that the trust fund, whose value he would not specify, made him, if anything, more conservative around money; he became a certified financial analyst with an M.B.A. from Harvard, and today he is the chief executive of Wealth Strategist Partners , a firm that provides investment advice and services to wealthy families.
Much of this has little to do with Amsterdam or with liberalism, but no matter: One minute we’re reading about the transformation of the herring industry, and four pages later about Martin Luther, whose theses “set off a tidal wave that rolled 400 miles due west and crashed head-on into the medieval town walls of Amsterdam.” So much has to be packed into so little space that quite often one is left with the feeling of ingesting an entire turkey with every mouthful.
The daylong event, called “Geek Street Fair,” was sponsored by Google, and organized in partnership with the city’s Department of Youth and Community Development as part of a larger effort to promote the study of hard sciences and technology among young New Yorkers, especially those of modest means and timid dreams.
Montenegro played its first ever soccer match six years ago, a friendly against Hungary.
WILLIAM LAMBERS Cincinnati, Aug. 25, 2013 The writer interviewed members of the United Nations World Food Program for his book “Ending World Hunger.” To the Editor: Edward N. Luttwak’s essay can be summarized by the Shakespeare quotation in “The Taming of the Shrew”: “There’s small choice in rotten apples.” ALLAN J. SOBIN New York, Aug. 25, 2013
And he said that while he would be flattered if “Lone Survivor,” an Oscar long shot, gets any nods, making the film, and getting to know the real military families, changed his perspective.
New penalties would betray that agreement, feed Iranians’ deep mistrust of Americans, deny Mr. Obama negotiating flexibility and, most likely, crush any hope that a diplomatic solution is possible.
The bank blamed a difficult Italian economy, as well as its own internal problems, which its new managers described as graver than they had anticipated.
A Lawrence Chaifetz, a Manhattan co-op and condominium lawyer, said that the number of shares allocated to each apartment must bear a “relative and reasonable relationship” to the value of each apartment at the time the shares were issued.
Iran in June pledged a $3 billion aid package to Syria, while at home Iranians are plagued by shortages and the government is considering cutting back a popular system of cash handouts.
Not only are millions of dollars wasted on unnecessary products, but as your article showed, these products can cause grievous medical harm.
He will see a doctor Thursday morning, and a disabled list stint seemed possible.
Mr. Spitzer opened his wallet for the four-day petition blitz, paying canvassers hundreds of dollars a day to gather signatures and footing the bill for an open-bar petition party at a swanky Midtown restaurant.
The chair, which will be shown during the Milan Furniture Fair, is a single sheet of curved plywood set on a plywood base.
“It takes up the entire exterior wall of her living room.
WEST ORANGE “Enchanted Arms: An Evening of New Plays,” the StrangeDog Theater Company.
Some might say they parody what Clement Greenberg called the visual “presence” of great paintings; presence here is almost automatic, an unavoidable fact — thrilling in the way roller coaster rides are.
He would more likely “hollow it out.” Ms. Johnsen suggested that Roe opponents have taken an “incremental” approach to eviscerating abortion rights.
“They are so close you might say there is this umbilical attachment,” Ms. Farmiga said.
The absence of comparably vivid stories of charladies is hardly her fault: Just as aristocrats leave more records than ordinary people, so do aristocrats’ servants.
That scrappy image has served Virginia Johnson well.
The only other woman to do it in the last 15 years was Justine Henin, who won her 10 in 2007.
Only gold really ought be gilty.
“As players, we know that we could have done better, and basically that’s the cause of what happened.” Zygi Wilf spoke briefly at an afternoon news conference but took no questions, leaving the hows and whys to Spielman.
These projections are oversimplified and misleading because they rely on the outdated “five races” concept.
To avoid detection, Mr. Lawsky said, the bank told employees to omit information from wire transfers that could have exposed how the bank was working with an “enemy country.” The bank, Mr. Lawsky said, approved the illegal transfers over at least five years, ending in 2007.
Groupon’s shares were up nearly 42 percent through Tuesday, while Zynga had risen 41 percent.
The swift response contrasted with past public relations challenges during the papacy of Pope Benedict XVI, when the Vatican often allowed criticisms to linger without rebuttal.
Jerryd Bayless sprinted the other way for a layup and a free throw after he was fouled by Udrih.
Colleagues who worked with Mr. Alexis at that time in a computer support center at Manhattan Borough Community College, near ground zero, did not recall him volunteering or mentioning Sept. 11.
After Mr. Zuckerberg went off to start Facebook , the brothers sued him, accusing him of stealing their idea — a story that was dramatized in the movie “The Social Network.” The case was settled with the brothers being given $20 million in cash and Facebook shares that are now worth more than $200 million.
“I heard seven or eight shots,” said Enrica Agostini, a RAI reporter.
ILLINOIS 57, MINNESOTA 53 Tyler Griffey capped a terrific week for Illinois with 16 points, and the Fighting Illini (17-8, 4-7 Big Ten) went 11 for 23 from 3-point range in a win at No.
It contained the storyboard for the trailer of a project tentatively titled, “Clemente.” “Based on a true story of tragedy and hope,” the first panel read.
“I’m very interested in the archival states of the Safari icon or the Firefox icon, because they change and update so quickly,” she said.
It has become, in spite of itself, an aesthetic object.
NBC announced a series of schedule moves on Wednesday, which basically centered on the abandoned hope that “Smash” might turn around what had been an abysmal ratings performance since it returned for its second season, as well as NBC’s belief that it might have a promising new reality series in the dating show “Ready for Love.” NBC announced that show would inherit the old slot on Tuesdays occupied by “Smash,” with two-hour episodes that will follow the network’s one pillar of strength, the singing competition, “The Voice.” Starting April 9, “Ready for Love,” which several NBC executives praised this week as having potential to capture the female audience that loved “The Bachelor” on ABC this winter, will move to Tuesdays.
What was your experience with it?
“The final numbers demonstrate a significant increase over 2012 with sales from all auction companies adding up to $223.8M,” Jonathan Klinger, a Hagerty spokesman, said in an e-mail.
— Jeff Gordinier The Economist : Alcohol is strictly forbidden to Muslims in Iran, and repeat offenders can face the death penalty.
But on Wednesday the Kremlin apparently decided to hastily arrange two hourlong talk shows devoted to the case.
At least the afternoon looks nice.
Better that than wondering how my decision to wait until my mid-30s to have children may have affected things.
The room where he worked was bare but for a framed quote from Mahatma Gandhi.
Lara Gut of Switzerland won a second straight World Cup race, edging a strong Austrian contingent in the super-G in Beaver Creek, Colo.
The letter also asserted that Stellar Devices was working with Minnesota Eye Consultants, in Minneapolis, to obtain “F.D.A.
I also savored “Pale Fire” and many of Nabokov’s stories.
Because in 1980, they had the third-driest February, and that had a whopping 1.04 inches, and then they went to what was then the wettest of all Marches, 10.41 inches.” With that, we wish you a great, or solemnly observant, weekend, as you see fit.
Jim Cordle, a center who has appeared in 28 games in his first three seasons, is expected to make his first N.F.L.
I will not rehearse the age-old arguments about unintended consequences, primarily job loss among affected workers.
Praising the work of young scientists and inventors at the third White House Science Fair , President Obama on Monday announced a broad plan to create and expand federal and private-sector initiatives designed to encourage children to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
Racing regulators and safety directors continue to pander to the pharmaceutically inclined horsemen who cannot find it in themselves to race horses without injecting them before they race.
For all the Heisman Trophy winners and national championships that Ohio State, Texas and Southern California have combined to produce, those marquee football programs have never had one of their quarterbacks start a Super Bowl.
Beans are an important source of plant-based protein.
The rest were retreating, captured or casualties.
She graduated from Weber State University in Utah and received a master’s degree in social work from New York University.
Whichever way you go, the mixture is very quickly thrown together.
Obama doesn’t have to be Lyndon B. Johnson, twisting elbows to shape history.
Many legal analysts say there is a substantial chance that the Supreme Court will strike down the 1996 law, which in defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman denies federal benefits to same-sex couples.
After you have your list, have a look at this one .
Seventy-five percent of the guns used in youth suicides and unintentional injuries were accessible in the home or the home of a friend.
Wayne is like a brother, a coach, a father figure to me when my dad’s not around.” Shug McGaughey, another Hall of Fame trainer, who earned his elusive Derby win with Orb on the first Saturday in May, seemed upbeat after the race, even though Orb did not perform the way nearly everyone had expected.
She graduated cum laude from the University of Miami.
When Yugoslavia was collapsing into civil war in the early 1990s, early efforts at multilateral diplomacy delayed firm action and led to a higher body count.
So Barel and Zack gained 4 imps on the board en route to the first prize of nearly $7,000.
The book has a fandango of a plot about Genghis Khan’s tomb, a comet hurtling toward Earth and a satellite transmitting apocalyptic images from the future — but part of Rollins’s roguish charm comes from his efforts to persuade readers the story is credible: as in previous books, he includes an author’s note headed “truth or fiction” that lists the real-life sources for his novel’s science, history and geography.
Even sympathetic liberal senators dismissed it as “utterly unrealistic,” but it was entirely in accord with everything Randolph, Rustin and King had intended on Aug. 28, 1963.
While visiting mosques, he photographed worshipers and recorded cellphone numbers of people who attended Islamic instruction classes, forwarding all of it to his handler.
225 Madison Avenue, at 36th Street, (212) 685-0008, themorgan.org.
While the fandom of “Arrested Development” means thousands of people talk about the show with some regularity on Twitter, there were more than 600,000 messages on Twitter on the day of the debut, with a gradual decline in the week after.
A fridge that texts pictures to show what is for dinner, a voice-controlled washing machine — appliances like these are being designed to talk to each other via the cloud to cut energy bills.
That child had to be 3 years old.
DONALD D. BREED Providence, R.I., June 2, 2013 To the Editor: “The $2.7 Trillion Medical Bill” creates an underlying distrust between patients and physicians that will do little to fix the admittedly broken American health care system and potentially adversely affect the quality of patient care.
They told us about a show in which an Asian kid comes home with a B, and the parents say: “A B?
In many ways, the country is already a de facto member.
He went on to major in film at SUNY Purchase, taking a job as a color consultant at the Body Shop (then privately owned), a pioneer in the so-called cruelty-free cosmetics market.
In the next scene, Mr. Brewster says that some parents at Dalton — without specifying their race — “are spending up to $30,000 a year for tutoring — that’s more than the tuition.” It’s impossible to know what to make of these two scenes, which follow a pattern that informs much of the movie: Race is raised as a possible reason for Idris’s and Seun’s problems, and then other potential determinants (a learning disorder, illness) are introduced.
“She was born just after Prop 8 passed, so it’s been a bummer for her parents,” Ms. Pallman said.
Both songs have been hovering at or near the top of the iTunes sales chart.
First the economy contracts, then, over time, it expands again as prices fall.
We are honored to present the Amaya Collection for sale in New York in March and as such, have afforded it the prestigious status of an evening sale.
I asked Centzy to compile data for me on the prices and hours for some beauty services that probably disproportionately cater to high-end clients.
And what did not work?
They are featured in the photographs here.
And on Tuesday, it was unclear exactly when Mr. Baradar was to be released, and what had led to the government’s shift.
Cano’s home run in the early game, his 23rd of the season, was also the 200th of his career.
Contrary to what our school books taught us, Ponce did not discover Florida.
Or at least until so few until now — and here I agree absolutely with this point from Michael Brendan Dougherty, in a piece about the overlooked aspects of Francis’s now-famous post-Brazil interview: For one thing, Pope Francis not only touted the impending canonizations of Pope John XIII and Pope John Paul II, but also the “causes” of Pope Paul VI and Pope John Paul I.
The Orioles series this weekend speaks to that quest, as does a four-game series next weekend against the division-leading Boston Red Sox.
By contrast, the documents released by the government about the domestic phone log program were more abstract.
During the inquiry, allegations of shoddy work by Schlesinger-Siemens have also arisen, and law enforcement officials have said they sought to determine whether it used inferior Chinese couplings, which are banned by city rules, to link the piping through which much of the wiring at the plant passes.
It lays out Mr. Obama’s vision of how the economy has changed to the detriment of American workers, if not American businesses and executives, over the last 30 years or so, since long before the recession hit: In the period after World War II, a growing middle class was the engine of our prosperity.
“What is it to be young in years and suddenly wakened to the anguish, the urgency of life?” she moans to her notebook.
When my teacher asked my class who had a Facebook page, I was the only one who did not raise my hand, enduring the horrified stares of my classmates.
Given the state of the Mets, that might take a while.
will sometimes issue a closing letter to a party under investigation in a case that has received considerable scrutiny.
The sofas and easy chairs are covered in a special stain-resistant fabric — canine motif by Mr. Wegman — that’s the precise color of a Weimaraner.
Until then, a crucial check on the seemingly inexorable advance of economic inequality will be missing.
Faced with the vocal public opposition, regulators in Taiwan have been examining the Next Media deal for months.
(Similar companies include Smilebooth and Photoworks Interactive.)
$5 to $10; members and under 3, free.
The charges are related to a civil war that erupted in 2010 after Mr. Gbagbo refused to leave office despite losing a runoff election.
“I want our money and resources for food going into children, not in garbage going to the landfill,” said Penny Parham, the Miami school district’s administrative director of food and nutrition.
For example, ByteLight software translates location signals from modified LED lights to smartphone apps to help visitors interpret exhibits or navigate within the museum.
Anunike grew up in Galena, Ohio, and had his pick of several Big Ten programs.
It shows you that people care.” The interest is certainly a good sign, as Klinsmann said, of the thousands who are now committed to following the U.S. national teams 24/7.
Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Macculloch Hall Historical Museum, 45 Macculloch Avenue.
The directors portray them in their houses, with improvised sets, revealing a collection of urban curiosities.
Technocratic micromanagement and passive-aggressive triangulation became the norm.
Their public remarks — delivered as the two men sat side by side, each repeatedly clenching his jaw and looking at the carpet — suggested that the only prospect for a breakthrough on Syria is through talks previously planned to take place in Geneva.
playoffs progress, and the Knicks are a seasoned enough group to understand this basic truth.
Japan said Tuesday that a Chinese military vessel trained a radar used to help direct weapons last week on a Japanese naval vessel near disputed islands in the East China Sea.
In doing so, Ms. Sebelius took the unprecedented step of overruling the Food and Drug Administration, which had moved, based on scientific research, to lift all age restrictions.
“All you had to do was keep her interested,” the soldier says.
Others reintroduced heroic women from ancient texts, as did her 1996 book, “Esther’s Story,” an imagined account of the inner life of the biblical heroine.
Mr. Ballagas said that he hopes to build the user base with the current library of 26 books, and then sell additional titles.
USA TODAY Wells Fargo Profit Jumps 19 Percent | Wells Fargo, the nation’s largest home lender, overcame a slowdown in the mortgage market to report record net income of $5.5 billion.
I found a huge loft on the Lower East Side, almost 3,500 square feet.
In the euro area, indeed, credit continues to contract and lending conditions continue to tighten, the I.M.F.
The visual approach requires — besides a cup of fresh coffee — two bits of information: the relationship y=x 1/4 , and the degree of movement along the y axis from y=1.
The biggest challenge, Granderson said, will be to adjust to playing under the lights.
Some people were thrilled that I chose to focus on hard-working individuals who have managed to get themselves a degree (or close to it) without much debt and without much help.
that is the characteristic of great flamenco.
at about 50 percent at its lowest, and 70 percent at its highest” (though she says it is “anecdotally and visibly, much higher than 70 percent”).
I’m not going out with some 70-year-old guy,” recalled Mimma Viglezio, a former Gucci executive who fixed the two of them up.
“Anything the students are doing should be paid; should be compensated,” he adds, with “very few exceptions.” Mr. Norris calls the students who developed the materials for Schneider Electric “an all-star team.” According to one of those students, Allie Engelhart — a 20-year-old junior who was the project manager when she was a sophomore — “all the money we get from our revenue-generating projects goes to sending our students to nationals,” meaning the annual national convention of Pi Sigma Epsilon.
She has been the target of attacks at mayoral forums, and her methods in distributing money to Council members — which some say has been vindictive at times — has come under renewed scrutiny in the wake of last week’s corruption arrests .
Jeffrey Goldfarb is an assistant editor at Reuters Breakingviews.
Club Bouliste du Rocher, Avenue des Pins; cbrmonaco.com .
Diana Dooley, California’s secretary of health and human services, said that while the administration was not philosophically opposed to offering preventive care for illegal immigrants, Gov.
Since the new constitution went into effect, Constitutional Court did declare a number of other laws unconstitutional as substantively inconsistent with the principles of the new constitution, including two of the now-nullified former constitutional amendments.
Although Knotch still has only a small audience — in the tens of thousands, according to Ms. Gansca — its mobile app has intrigued a number of well-heeled Silicon Valley investors, from whom the company has just raised $1.5 million in new funding.
When the chief mechanic came over, I could only point to the “telltale” on the tachometer, which had one hand at 10,200.
The company will present 18 dance festivals this year, up from 10 last year, and it expects that more than 2.5 million people will attend its dance events by the end of 2013.
To some observers, the program resembles the old arcade standby Asteroids, with the user manipulating a triangle through a moving welter of opposing triangles and through escalating levels of difficulty.
Occasionally, they may hear just the opposite: It’s dangerous.
The main point, however, is that this measure does suggest a substantial rise in expected inflation since Abenomics began, which is good news.
Games rarely let us feel weak; they’re designed to make us enjoy the fantasy of becoming stronger.
Later in his life, Mr. Brandt might have taken an existing print and rephotographed, reprinted and retouched it to attain the desired effect.
The Burkhauser approach does a number of things.
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved the most restrictive ban on abortion considered by Congress in a decade, a largely symbolic vote that laid bare the deep ideological differences between Democrats and Republicans.
“It’s rare, but occasionally I run into Israelis who have never been to Masada,” Mr. Campbell said.
“I can still hear him talking,” Mr. Owen interjected, referring to Mr. Goodall, not God.
I don’t disrespect other people’s laws,” he said later.
“Air bases and airports in abundance.
And though almost certain to meet resistance from some Internet service providers, it could fuel calls for similar rules throughout the 27-country European Union.
OVERSEAS On Monday, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, who is seeking a third term in general elections in September, will hold election rallies around the country.
The introduction of the Medicare program a half-century ago provides some indicators of how the Affordable Care Act’s new health insurance marketplaces might evolve after they open on Tuesday.
The comments weren’t rosy enough for Mr. Gilbert.
Alan Butler, a lawyer for the group, said the judge “lacked the authority to require production of all domestic call detail records.” He noted that the Patriot Act provision cited by the FISA court required that the business records produced be “relevant” to an authorized national security investigation.
The only material that initially gave him pause, he said, were the diplomatic cables , which he portrayed as documenting “back-room deals and seemingly criminal activity.” But he decided to go forward after discovering that the most sensitive cables were not in the database.
The media offer us images of drone pilots, thousands of miles from the fray, coolly and safely dispatching enemies in their electronic cross hairs.
You should not reveal your shape unless there is a likelihood that your side will play the hand, either to make what you bid or as a sacrifice.” Miles was also a perfect gentleman, never berating partner and always willing to discuss bridge with anyone, whether an expert or a beginner.
Available strategies and actions can increase resilience across a range of possible future climates while helping to improve human livelihoods, social and economic well-being, and environmental quality.
And if we’re talking about Chinese, who generally favor English as a second language, they are clearly going to use ‘French Open.”’ The identity issue was once considered an identity crisis by French Federation officials, who, at different stages of the 1990s and 2000s, aggressively encouraged the print and electronic media covering the tournament to use Roland Garros and only Roland Garros.
The online payment system viewed by many insiders as having the best chance of supplanting bitcoin, however, is not even on the list: Ripple.
He does not want to talk about his legacy.
The number of permits available each year is supposed to gradually decrease, squeezing emissions down.
In “Casi-Casa,” Spanish for “Almost Home,” Mr. Ek explores interior lives: What actually happens behind closed doors?
The idea was to see what effect noise had, not only on those awakened by virtual fingernails raking the blackboard of the night sky, but on the hardy souls who actually slept through the thunder of overhead jets.
Starting from the Q5 crossover, the SQ5 adds a 354-horse supercharged 3-liter V-6.
Ms. Goff loved trailing her mother to look at houses.
Obviously, I didn’t want to leave her.
“They want to know what the calculus is: How will doing an honors thesis translate into my ability to persuade my manager to put me on the management track?
“Like the North Koreans, they get to present their program as peaceful when lots of it has to do with weapons development,” Mr. Oberg said.
A country waltz, “Stitches,” should have sparked — Ms. Bowersox is set to play Patsy Cline on Broadway this year — but it flatlines, partly because she has no chemistry with her duet partner, Jacob Dylan.
Today, however, minibars may be evolving into a welcome addition to rooms — many properties are beginning to fill them with locally sourced or personalized items.
No one knows who, if anyone, is in charge of the hostages now.
Ms. Hasselbeck’s last day on “The View” will be Wednesday.
I always grew up with the sense that it was O.K.
That said, the prospects for an Israeli-Palestinian deal remain slim.
For various good reasons, the 0.05 convention has its detractors.
But many species are now gleams in scientists’ eyes as they think of ways to bring them back.
Though the agency has occasionally used the old station’s loop track for work trains — and as a turnaround point for No.
He said he had also been encouraged by recent regulatory changes in Delaware and Pennsylvania, which both now permit composted food waste to be used in topsoil for projects like slope stabilization.
“I like this more than I like my home,” Mujeeb explained.
GAME 6 Back in the Bronx, Curt Schilling pitches with a bloody sock, and Alex Rodriguez is caught slapping the ball out of Bronson Arroyo’s glove.
It does not seem to make sense to offer more of an incentive to drive than to take mass transit.
“But I know Tom Coburn well.
We’ve been asked if he knows his birth parents, whether he has any siblings, how he feels about having two fathers, and whether it's difficult for a biracial child to have two Caucasian fathers.
A choice initiated by previous administrations that included the opening of new museums in a city where for decades contemporary art had been championed mostly by private galleries.
But when she read a newspaper article this year about Old Smokey that said its ash had spewed arsenic and heavy metals into the neighborhood, she said “everything started making sense.” The researcher noted that no correlation could be established between the cancer cluster and the old incinerator without more research.
The House Agriculture committee passed its version of the bill, but House leaders refused to bring the bill to the floor for a vote, after a fight over cuts in the food stamps program threatened to divide Republicans.
Hill was expected at the Pacers’ training facility Friday afternoon to meet with the team physician and to take another concussion test, Coach Frank Vogel said.
The award included $100 million in punitive damages related to allegations that the company had not properly maintained its truck.
“We are seeing, in a short period of time, a dramatic reduction in home purchases pending a better understanding of what all of this means.” But Mr. Martin dismisses any concern.
The Obama administration must therefore reassess the assumption that Turkey is playing a constructive role in ending the violence in Syria; it must also take a hard look at its own role in contributing to religious strife.
Jason Chaimovitch, a spokesman for the A.H.L., said league attendance through Jan. 1 was up by about 7 percent, but he did not believe the lockout had as much of a positive effect as people might assume.
Jeb Bush of Florida appears to be assuming the role of the adult in the room, warning his party not to overreach, because of what he called the “dicey” politics.
“This is a somewhat heroic story because these plaintiffs just kept fighting and fighting,” said John C. Coffee Jr., a professor at Columbia Law School.
For starters, it would encourage people and businesses to burn less, reducing emissions at a stroke.
“It has pine nuts in it, and it’s just awesome.” Ms. Kamali also recommended a simple treat made by a friend — a French biscuit with lavender sprinkled inside.
He freed himself and crawled out, despite three broken ribs.
“Simply put, children who were brought here haven’t committed a crime, misdemeanor or otherwise,” said Representative Trey Gowdy, the South Carolina Republican who leads the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee.
The movie shows Alfred Hitchcock’s influence on Truffaut, and his own preoccupation with the romantic triangle, through the story of a literary scholar (Jean Desailly), his wife (Nelly Benedetti) and the flight attendant (Françoise Dorléac) who comes between them.
Some people give whole buildings to the museum.
This year is the 150th anniversary of the battle, considered by many to have been a turning point in the Civil War, but if the cuts go through, the special educational programs planned for the site will probably be eliminated, he said.
Quinn was most often cast as a brash macho character, as in the title role of “Zorba the Greek.” Here, he plays a more insecure man, threatened when his leading lady (Sophia Loren) begins an affair with a gambler (Steve Forrest), and Cukor helps Quinn deliver one of his most affecting and vulnerable performances.
But what if the immediate peer group is behaving badly?
At 11 a.m., 209 West Houston Street, west of Avenue of the Americas, South Village, (212) 727-8110, filmforum.org; $7.
Since most of the center’s clients live in an area where at least one in four young people are jobless, they see government aid as a necessity.
For the past nine months I’ve been involved in shooting “Years of Living Dangerously,” a series about climate change to be released on Showtime next spring, and one of our topics is methane emissions.
The C.G.A.’s biggest gambit is an $80 million national golf training center inaugurated last year in Nanshan in Shandong Province, on China’s eastern coast.
He and his partners put Ebbets, then 37, in charge of the club.
Peace and victory for Syrians… //t.co/PZkQFSO9Hc — Jamal Daoud (@DaoudJamal) 23 Dec 13 Responding to a Buzzfeed report on the delegation’s visit, published Sunday, the Syrian activist Razan Ghazzawi accused Wikileaks of hypocrisy for exposing the abuses of Western democracies but seeming to have less to say about autocratic governments.
Plus, it’s nice and warm inside the huts, where good, hearty food is served by smiling young men and women.
Nor do they get the same kinds of endorsement deals.
From noon to 5 p.m., rain or shine, 18th Street, between Sixth and Seventh Avenues, Park Slope, ps295.org/touch-a-truck; $5; free for babies under 6 months.
Republicans wanted to stop taxes from rising on anyone, but by refusing to let taxes rise on the wealthy, they would effectively allow taxes to rise on everyone.
“Barnes & Noble stands at a fork in the road and rather than choose one path, it will likely need to split into two companies and let the retail business go down one path while freeing the Nook division to go down another,” said Mr. McQuivey, of Forrester.
“The unemployment benefit cuts are the first real-world impact of the radical, regressive agenda that this legislature has adopted.
The Lindsey Webster Band, soul and funk.
Hoping to pad their narrow majority in the State Senate, Republicans used the redistricting process last year to draw a new, Republican-friendly district in the Albany area.
“Not politics,” the Hip Hop Doc responds.
Mr. Sanders added, “There’s a definite response to new media.” Triple Canopy, an online journal, will be presenting a project in the gallery and Semiotext(e) will also present a new series of publications.
If they find it, they can click on the tab to have it shipped back.
In an effort to cut down on hustlers and hucksters who sold rancid butter and other inedible concoctions, as well as the common practice of price-gouging flush soldiers who had just drawn their pay packets, the Army regulated the number of sutlers allowed in camp, limiting them to one per regiment.
By keeping prices low, theater owners can fill many more seats and generate far more revenue than they could by charging premium prices at a more limited number of screenings.
Coming into the season, Butler fans hoped the outside shooting of Clarke and Dunham would benefit the Butler bigs in the paint.
When he stopped returning the calls of Hassan Rouhani and Bibi Netanyahu, it was only a matter of time before the Middle East went up in flames.
The article was based on, and linked to , documents that were stolen by Edward J. Snowden, a private contractor working for the government who this summer leaked millions of pages of documents to the reporter Glenn Greenwald and The Guardian along with Barton Gellman of The Washington Post.
He is expected to speak at a news conference Wednesday after the Board of Governors meeting.
Composting, as I’ve learned, is all about balancing “greens” (fruit, vegetables) and “browns” (wood shavings, dry leaves).
“That’s not how probability works,” my husband explained.
Students: Read the entire article, then tell us … Students 13 and older are invited to comment below.
Legal experts say that successful prosecutions of police officers are always difficult.
For the time being, Mr. Robertson said, BMW plans to be “a significant player” in the market for electric cars, which he put at 150,000 vehicles a year.
The resort had been a popular destination for South Korean tourists and the site of previous reunions until it was closed in 2008, after a North Korean soldier shot and killed a South Korean tourist .
We drove through a series of shacks built from sticks and logs.
But the main thing is that he’s clinging to a story about monetary policy that has been refuted by experience about as thoroughly as any economic doctrine of the past century.
The next morning we piled into a Jeep for the tortuous 34-mile ride to where we would base ourselves: Gulmarg, a small hill station set in a meadow beneath the mountains.
Ms. Merkel, once famed for an austerity course she now insists was never her sole aim, has softened of late, particularly when it comes to those millions of jobless young people.
The decision by India’s Ministry of Finance practically puts an end to the trade.
“Typically, you’re just like, ‘Oh, we can remove the chandeliers,’” Ms. Frazier said.
“I have been stunned over the last three years by the explosion of concerns and interest and outreach coming from educational professionals around transgender issues,” said Eliza Byard, the executive director of the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network .
But Ms. Miller said she did not recall seeing disclosures about memberships when she ordered the disk.
This is the possibility the Yankees hope will be chosen.
When New Yorkers consider the subculture of people who raise pigeons on rooftops, many are likely to think of Terry Malloy, the longshoreman in the 1954 film “On the Waterfront” played by Marlon Brando.
(This year’s festival also includes, among others, exhibitions devoted to the work of the architect and furniture designer Marcel Breuer, and a collaboration between the Dutch designer Aldo Bakker and the French porcelain manufacturer Sèvres.)
The familiar special effects are not the most disappointing element here.
But the activist investor still has a good shot at another goal: getting more for his shares than the company’s founder, Michael S. Dell , wants to pay.
Additionally, Erica Rosenfeld, co-owner of Bari Jay , provided comments separately.
The Violets have five more regular-season games.
He has scored two goals in each game this season, joining Ottawa’s Cy Denneny in 1917-18 as the only players to open a season with four multigoal games, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
OLD GREENWICH Greenwich Train and Toy Meet, with over 100 dealers.
A business scam, all the money is lost, explains her father, twisting around from the front seat to break the news to his 20-something children slouched in the back.
STYLE Because of an editing error, the Skin Deep column last Thursday, about cosmetic iris implant surgery, misstated the position of Dr. James Tsai, an ophthalmologist and a glaucoma specialist at Yale University, on such surgery.
“That told us that the technology was fully commercialized and valid.” Since investing, XPV has helped APTwater move from the commercialization phase to a global company that cleans various forms of tough wastewater, such as leachate from landfills, nuclear wastewater and coal bed methane wastewater.
She is looking forward to getting price information online from the Small Business Health Options Program , or SHOP, an exchange that was created by the new law.
So I stand in solidarity with you, Mr. Edwards, in not celebrating my Form 1040.
Kids learn about what they’re eating through their choices.
A shooting in west Charlotte, N.C., left a man injured early Sunday.
“Although we acknowledge the constitutional line between political speech and political contributions grows increasingly difficult to discern,” Judge Janice Rogers Brown wrote for the court, “we decline plaintiffs’ invitation to anticipate the Supreme Court’s agenda.” The court led by Chief Justice Roberts has so far been consistently hostile to campaign finance limits in its half-dozen decisions in argued cases on the subject so far.
The African Village also stands among the most endangered art environments: Mr. Minter serves as the site’s artist in residence, curator, docent and groundskeeper, and he just turned 70.
It was one of my few projections that was right on the money.
Harborfields Public Library, 31 Broadway.
“Bosco Ntaganda is not called the Terminator for nothing,” said Sasha Lezhnev, a senior policy analyst for the Enough Project, an American anti-genocide organization.
If recent public meetings on the issue held by the Army Corps of Engineers are any measure, little has changed, despite a new study by the corps that says the two counties have enough offshore sand for at least 50 years.
But it struck a partnership with W. R. Hambrecht, a registered broker-dealer that can handle investments from accredited, or high-net-worth, individuals whom the S.E.C.
With the Heat cutting off Felton and Chandler on pick-and-rolls, Smith was left open from the perimeter.
Japan and South Korea produce the best young players in Asia and send the most westward.
M/Six is a joint venture of two WPP units, CHI & Partners and GroupM.
More than that, Mr. Booker and Mr. Christie have benefited politically from their association, as they moved to establish straight-talking personas that eschew the kind of partisan politics that often grip Washington.
The other charges could also each bring several years in prison.
“So I got 75 cents.” It felt like a fortune.
With the strings on his hooded sweatshirt tightened until much of his face was hidden, Stenson hopped from his balcony to theirs, opened the sliding glass door, barged inside and shouted, “Give me your money!” Stenson’s latest caper is even bolder.
The talismans are kept by kennels and stables mostly, on the so-far-unexploded theory that no animal can get distemper if a goat is kept somewhere in the offing.” Pretzels went on to win the title of Mr. Bock Beer, 1934, defeating the leading hircine beauties from Newark, the Bronx, Staten Island and Brooklyn.
I even ended up on stage once during the finale of “Skinhead on the MBTA.” They have a great new record out called, “Signed and Sealed in Blood”; and Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine (Mr. Biafra is the former frontman for the San Francisco band Dead Kennedys; at 54 he can aerobicize to DK’s “Holiday in Cambodia.”) And I’m adding one more name, which you’ve probably heard — Green Day, a band that formed in 1987 as part of the Berkeley, Calif., punk scene.
About 5,000 will focus on counterterrorism operations.
The new Republicans kept coming to the polls.
After the International Paralympic Committee ruled her ineligible, her case became a cause célèbre, with sympathetic reports on “Good Morning America” and other outlets.
“Our goal from the start was to pay homage to the history in the borough.
His son, Ardit, 19, showed me upstairs to a room with five beds; I claimed the one with a Disney blanket in the corner.
“It’s indicative of a changing attitude.” Radio programmers say “Same Love” seems to have captured the nation’s mood, reflecting growing support among young adults for gay marriage in polling.
On the night of Jan. 3, 1863, Confederate Gen. Braxton Bragg began withdrawing his Army of Tennessee from the Stones River battlefield.
Speaking at a campaign rally with labor supporters in Brooklyn, he said his critics had failed to address the most serious economic issues facing the city.
CBS plans to add six series to its prime-time schedule for 2013-14, five in the fall and one in midseason.
For many consumers, price is the biggest factor in choosing a hybrid over a vehicle that runs primarily on battery power, though a $7,500 federal tax credit is available for plug-in models and all-electric cars.
“Close your eyes,” one of them says.
Some 30,000 cases are reported annually to the C.D.C., but most cases go unreported because the symptoms are mild or mimic other diseases.
But the White House had not laid the groundwork for such a strategy.
TheaterWorks Hartford, 233 Pearl Street.
It didn’t much like seeing supporters of Besiktas — a club based in the salt-of-the-earth neighborhood a short walk from Gezi Park — take center stage during the protests that began at the end of May.
“It tastes like rhubarb: strawberry-knotweed pie.” The park was filling up with large cameras attached to small tourists and humans tethered to dogs.
A lot of my work is regular wood carving.
Nowadays, the Dulles brothers have faded from America’s collective memory.
So unless there is a quick settlement, appraisal is probably a bad investment, and no investor intentionally makes bad investments.
More than that, these are two intricate, tragic masterpieces.
The meats are all cured in-house, in a mixture of salt, rice wine, scallions and ginger, then smoked with tea leaves until scent and flavor are inseparable.
“It’s relevant.” On Tuesday, White House officials said Republicans were playing politics with the environment.
But obviously I didn’t know how anti-lingerie she was.
So he flew to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from Islamabad in June, and paid smugglers $2,000 to take him to Jakarta, and $3,200 to put him on a boat headed for Christmas Island , an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean.
SANA, Yemen IF you want to know how bad things can go in Syria, study Iraq.
It was Nov. 22, 1962.
This adviser, who may also be able to negotiate with auction houses for a break on commissions and fees, does not have to be an appraiser.
He also engineered the so-called Million Dollar Quartet session featuring Mr. Lewis, Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash and Carl Perkins.
But there are problems with this view.
— without forgetting that the counter-question Mr. Dylan has posed is more challenging and, for a movie, more important: How does it feel?” 5 P.M. (Showtime 2) PEOPLE LIKE US (2012) Sam (Chris Pine), a motormouthed New York salesman under scrutiny by the Federal Trade Commission, discovers that his dead father, a Los Angeles record producer, has left him a collection of vinyl records and a shaving kit — with $150,000 in it and a note to deliver it to an address.
In an interview that has been condensed and edited, we followed up with Ms. Gignilliat after the case study was published to learn more about how she is doing and to see what she thought of the advice offered by our commenters.
For two decades, former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has not just led Italy’s powerful center-right political movement; he has practically owned it.
Several supporters of the judge’s decision on Friday, including representatives of women’s reproductive health groups and the American Academy of Pediatrics, said they believed that since the election was over, the Obama administration would have less of a political reason to oppose expanded access to the pill.
The offense tied the game in the seventh, knocking out John Lackey.
Royal Stroll No visit to Edinburgh would be complete without a walk up the Royal Mile, which stretches from the Palace of Holyroodhouse (Holyrood Road; royalcollection.org.uk ), the Queen’s official residence in Scotland, to Edinburgh Castle, arguably the city’s most famous landmark.
“The issue is not finding the answers,” Mr. Booker says.
I would dispute the idea that we are not providing a lot of accommodation to the economy.” Investors appeared to agree with Mr. Bernanke, defying predictions that stock prices would retreat along with the Fed’s pullback.
Vuitton trunks were displayed alongside labels, including a European-designed 1910s ad for the Peak Hotel with a border of Chinese characters that actually spell gibberish.
The gift was disclosed by a former chef at the Executive Mansion, who accused Mr. McDonnell and Virginia’s first lady of “wrongdoing” and “abuse” in interviews with investigators from the state police, the attorney general’s office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, according to court records.
He was charged with reckless endangerment, criminal mischief and menacing.
The first concert, “Origins,” traces the genre’s roots in works by composers like Stockhausen, Feldman and Xenakis; the second, “Responses,” moves on to works Mr. Schick has commissioned from composers like David Lang, Kaija Saariaho and John Luther Adams.
But hopes of a negotiated solution have faded as Mr. Sam Rainsy says his attempts to engage the governing party “led nowhere.” And there seems little doubt who has the upper hand.
“But, unfortunately, just New York City, man.” Unfortunately, a bad commute can affect a player’s game.
“I just wanted to know what they went through.” The girls are fifth-grade students at Public School 75, an elementary school in the South Bronx with a predominantly Hispanic and black enrollment.
Mr. Bryan begins the ode by sketching out a magical rural night: “Honeysuckle in the air/Breeze blowing through your hair.” Boy, does he sound ill at ease painting this picture, the sort of scene that’s taught on the first day of Country Songs 101.
An enormous cruise ship was anchored in the bay, and the main streets were sagging with tourists.
There was a Versace safety pin dress and a wacky knit sweater from Rodarte, too, so you can imagine Mr. Bolton has had a delightful time planning this exhibition.
Maybe this is because I am an American in Britain who nurtures a homegrown belief in the principle of the republic despite living in a country manifestly the opposite.
Doing so was a viable option because coal demand in the United States has dropped sharply as American power plants have turned to less expensive gas, driving down the cost of American coal for export to global markets.
If it’s a good idea, sell it.
A student enrolled in 12 hours at a community college charging the national average of $100 per credit hour would receive a refund of $1,622.50, while one enrolled in 15 hours would get $300 less.
About a year ago, following some nudging from the Serious Fraud Office, ENRC hired the law firm Dechert to start two internal investigations into governance issues and business practices in Kazakhstan and Africa.
There are seven small floors, stacked on top of one another like a treehouse, reached by a clear glass elevator that slowly moves through the center of the store.
Each friend is represented by a thumbnail photo in his or her exact location on a map, enabling you to watch as they flit from one place to the next.
You do not attempt 91.5 percent of your shots right at the rim, as Chandler does, by shooting fadeaway jumpers.
Without those additional concessions, Joaquín Almunia, the European Union competition commissioner, told a committee meeting at the European Parliament that Google could face formal charges for violating European competition law.
The real Brillo box only had a functional purpose.
I find a lot of this scary.
■ Kevin Dineen became the coach of Canada’s women’s hockey team for the Sochi Olympics, a month after his firing by the Florida Panthers.
Hot, muggy and gross are in the forecast, with temperatures in the low 90s , and the heat index in the upper 90s.
“He knows it’s for eating, but it took him 25 seconds to say ‘banana,’ ” said Chen Shun-sheng, a neurologist and supporter, as he reviewed video of a speech test that called on the former president to identify images on flashcards.
But those increases have been accompanied by a series of controversies that have roiled the system, including one at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas in which more than 40 female trainees were abused by their instructors, as well as the arrest in May of the director of the Air Force’s sexual response unit, Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski, for what the police said was his groping of a woman he did not know in a parking lot.
Standard & Poor’s has given its preliminary blessing to the first offering of this kind, rating a set of notes intended to raise $54.4 million for the fast-growing installation company SolarCity.
I worked hard to get to the point of rejoining the team yesterday.
This weekend downtown Manhattan will host several symposiums that are free and open to the public, though reservations are required.
We visit the Ishtar Gate at the Pergamon and, back in Iraq, look out over desert landscapes and wander through deserted ancient ruins in the company of rifle-toting modern warriors.
“It would be the first building to rise above the tree line and mar the green vista of the Palisades,” said Mark A. Izeman, a director of the council.
(Scott) ★ ‘Lincoln’ (PG-13, 2:29) Daniel Day-Lewis plays the Great Emancipator with playful wit as well as gravity.
He was not about to allow its latest invaders, Tuareg nationalist rebels and Islamic extremists from across the region, to destroy them now.
Had I not found plans from a master furniture maker or a friend with tools, expertise and time, it would have been a mess.
The Berlin Philharmonic and its music director, Simon Rattle, said they wanted more productions than Salzburg could allow — although in fact, as in Salzburg, there is just one opera production here — and the ability to give a broader range of concerts variously configured with players drawn from its personnel.
Another change, though, might be more worrisome for e-commerce companies.
It was in the 1960s that Bridges stumbled upon the rock formations that yielded a stone new to the trade while scouting beryllium for the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Florence Griswold Museum, 96 Lyme Street.
Smithsonian Journeys This nine-day tour from Miami includes an architectural walking tour of Old Havana with stops at workshops to chat with artisans about restoring the area; a visit to the studio and home of Mr. Fuster, the artist; Ernest Hemingway’s estate, Finca Vigía, where he lived and worked for more than 20 years; the Cienfuegos Botanical Gardens and the French-influenced colonial town of Cienfuegos, a World Heritage site; the University of Havana to meet with professors and students; and the Casa de Africa to learn about Africa’s influence on Cuba.
Curious about the children on the show, like Maisie Williams, Isaac Hempstead Wright, who will grow up so fast, while the events taking place in the story happen over a relatively short time period.
Though he would later deliver 10 great rules for writing with streamlined tough-guy elegance, the dedication for “Freaky Deaky” thanked his wife for giving him “a certain look when I write too many words.” But even in 1988, not yet at his most terse, Mr. Leonard was garnering praise so high it defied belief.
When misconduct is described as “egregious,” it is a bit surprising that no individual is identified as being responsible.
You play a low-level stickup guy, Frankie.
On Monday morning, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey’s audit committee directed the agency’s inspector general to conduct a thorough review of work, bills and travel expenses for the firm, Navigant Consulting, according to people who were briefed on the matter.
I signed up online, and a week later, at 10 a.m. on a Saturday, I found myself waiting with 20 other grown-ups for a two-hour session taught by an instructor and three volunteers.
O’Brien said he knew who the starter would be weeks ago but felt no “obligation to announce” it.
Part of the draw, she said, was that Lodz was one of the few film schools left in the world where students still learn on 35-millimeter and 16-millimeter film; but another attraction was the school’s unique way of teaching.
Mr. Bringuier made his official debut with the New York Philharmonic in 2009, conducting the chamber ensemble in Britten’s “War Requiem,” a performance led overall by Lorin Maazel.
Paulson said he wanted to raise the game’s profile by attracting top-tier corporate sponsors, increasing prize money and holding events in European capitals like Berlin, London, Lisbon, Madrid, Moscow and Paris.
She cites a letter from Kerouac to Yvonne Le Maître, who had written a critical review of his first novel, “The Town and the City.” Kerouac introduced himself by saying, “I have no proficiency at all in my native language, and that is the lame truth.” I know this because the letter is printed in “Jack Kerouac: Selected Letters, 1940-1956,” edited by Ann Charters.
A debate on whether machines will ever think like humans will pit a roboticist against a neurologist, and at the Metropolitan Museum, there will be a discussion of how the brain responds to art .
And the pond lifts them in its manifold dark arms.
Instead, they said they would continue with plans for a court-martial beginning June 3, with 141 prosecution witnesses scheduled to testify.
No amount of money, of course, could compensate Cantor or its families for the losses on Sept. 11, but the agreement, announced less than a month before the case was to be tried in Manhattan, followed years of legal sparring over what damages Cantor could seek.
And he changes sizes, so you just cross your fingers.” Steve McQueen’s faith: “We would discuss an overall picture, but he actually thought you knew what you were doing and that’s why he hired you.
He tried to go back to work after a week or so at home, but after driving for less than five miles, he felt he had to turn around.
Martin’s advice to the Knicks would be to “weather the storm,” let the impassioned Boston fans do their thing, have their say.
is legally withdrawing their ability to market those drugs.” The issue of arsenic in food has drawn increased public scrutiny since research last year by Consumer Reports found substantial arsenic levels in rice.
He told anyone who would listen three years ago that Winston would someday be in the discussion for the No.
No matter how much she raises, Ms. Medina is almost certain to be outspent throughout the Republican primary, Mr. Jones said.
Manning jerseys are also big sellers at the store attached to the Broncos’ stadium.
Hours later, the jet took off again and within minutes landed at its destination.
“You can’t pretend to have a great educational experience without spending time on the educational experience,” said Dr. Stanley Goldfarb, lead author of the perspective piece against three-year programs and associate dean for curriculum at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
In Texas, homeowners don’t own the mineral rights on or under their land, so companies just walked into their neighborhood and drilled the whole area.
They will definitely become a habit, along with the fresh tomato sandwiches I’ve been eating for lunch every day.
It wasn’t until 2005 that Operation Iraqi Freedom would turn personal.
Nearly 10 percent of reverse mortgage borrowers are in default because they failed to make those payments.
On Saturday night, the Nets tried to draw some positive aspects from their 1-2 trip, but there were not many.
The slow trickle of midday mall traffic eased past us.
Representative Maxine Waters , the ranking Democrat on the Financial Services Committee, was among the few Democrats opposing the change, echoing the concerns of consumer groups.
Qatar 2022 still needs justifying.
But we Americans at home were not the only ones with remote controls.
One answer was audible directions, but as it happens, telling people to turn left at Third Avenue isn’t much better – people lose sight of the road when they strain to read street signs.
The Communist Party argues that the means justify the ends.
Serious people are and should be deeply worried, indeed horrified, by the lack of action on greenhouse gases.
Ms. Totter’s film career largely ended in the 1950s, but she later had several recurring roles on television, including as Nurse Wilcox on “Medical Center” in the mid-1970s.
Wednesday and Thursday at Aviator Sports and Events Center, Floyd Bennett Field, 3159 Flatbush Avenue, near the Belt Parkway, Brooklyn.
“I don’t know precisely what information he has, but he could potentially help the testing methods improve,” he said.
Mr. Longie had been a creative co-chairman at Mono, Minneapolis.
Because Bari Jay sells to stores, which in turn sell to consumers, Ms. Rosenfeld said, it would be difficult to make a direct connection between Bari Jay’s social media use and its sales.
I would humbly suggest that the critical portions of an undergraduate education could be and should be delivered at a lower cost to more students, so that our nation’s youth do not have to face the personal tragedies of missed potential so well described in this article.
The conclusions of the report, undertaken by Transparency International UK, a prominent corruption monitoring group, appeared to have surprised and angered some United Nations officials.
It does not constrain us from responding to any attack.
But here is the upside of being an adult: It is O.K.
“When we got to Queens, the conductor said, ‘This is Jamaica, last stop Babylon!’ ” he said.
My skin tone is made to look paler than I am.
But it’s creeping fast into our own prose.
Light posts are decorated with the colors of both the German and Paraguayan flags.
Rouse replied, he would stay four months.
Near the end of the argument, Justice Kagan asked Mr. Schnapper why the federal government had not issued regulations clarifying what are and are not clothes.
Esa es nuestra crisis actual”.
If you watch one interview this year, make it this Lawrence O’Donnell/Anthony Weiner one.
The most traditional cakes are braided, but they can be filled with cream cheese, fruit filling, pudding or all of the above.
The young Belgian of no fixed abode has grown, rather than let that transience unsettle him.
That is what conference officials and athletic directors want to capitalize on.
There’s goodness in her, and there’s humor in her.
Japan’s Fisheries Agency declined to comment on the report, saying it had not yet studied its contents.
Even Mexico City is three years ahead of New York.
Advisers to Mr. Morsi, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations, said they were suspicious of the police story but could find no evidence of wrongdoing.
Although there is apparently no consensus on when magazines began adding front covers, it has been at least a decade.
The center grew quickly, expanding from one employee in 2007 to 460 in 2011, according to the audit.
But the nature of the complaints, he testified, was along the lines of “I was stopped for no reason or, you know, the officer didn’t explain why I was being stopped and, you know, those types of scenarios.” “They haven’t said, ‘This officer stopped me because of a race issue,’ ” he said.
(My fingers and vision are fine.)
It is hard for outsiders to tell if the Fed’s approach is having the desired effect.
“Working people don’t believe it meets the laugh test for corporate interests to attempt to hijack the moral and political urgency of citizenship for more than 11 million people in order to lower wages for local immigrant and nonimmigrant workers,” said Jeff Hauser, a spokesman for the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
The next time Dr. King was in jail for any significant period, Mr. Shapiro suggested, he should compose a letter for publication.
In the 1950s and ’60s, chimps provided comic relief in movies like “Bedtime for Bonzo” with Ronald Reagan.
championship game on Jan. 4, 1970, defensive tackle Walter Johnson of the Browns lost feeling in one hand after an afternoon of the three-point stances outdoors in Minnesota, temperature at 8 degrees.
“Giving character to a group of blossoms is more difficult than a single flower,” she says.
A few minutes later, he was eager to share an image he had on his iPad.
As BP’s lawyer Jeff Clark put it, “We think we are asking for something fairly modest.” He argued that it would be impossible to get back any money that went out the door improperly, and, besides, wouldn’t it be better to see what Freeh uncovered before starting up payments again?
In the last 12 seasons, the division champions have averaged 98 victories and never had fewer than 95.
He had been drunk that cold January night in 2010.
“They don’t seem that unreasonable to me.” Another private group, Mars One , which hopes to establish a settlement on Mars in the 2020s, said it had already received thousands of applications.
“He should definitely be represented,” Mr. Anand said.
Related book: Cohen, J. E. 1995.
Larchmont Public Library, 121 Larchmont Avenue.
Already, about one-fifth of state general spending goes to pay for pensions and service debts, a proportion that will soar in coming years.
exports from North America, the price differences between U.S. and Asia and especially U.S. and European gas are likely to be substantially reduced,” said Christopher Goncalves, an analyst at the Berkeley Research Group in Washington.
Alluding to the recent disclosure that the Justice Department secretly collected months’ worth of phone logs from The Associated Press and considered criminal charges against a Fox News reporter, Mr. Obama defended the need to investigate leaks.
“Wash, shoulder, roll, roll,” they chanted as they danced, calling upon mnemonic aids to reproduce the complicated gestural components of the choreography.
At 8:30 p.m., Glasslands, 289 Kent Avenue, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, theglasslands.com; $12.
“The empirical observation is that the more countries try to adopt austerity policies the more the debt ratio is increasing,” said Mr. Schulmeister, speaking for himself and not on behalf of his institute.
The owners appeared to be balking at assuming that risk.
“I was definitely worried throughout about possible drowning.” In the end, both medical workers and firefighters had to improvise a solution to a problem none of them had ever encountered: mud so thick and viscous that it simply could not be cleared away.
LITCHFIELD “Requiem for Being,” installation by Kate Bourke.
“No price has been set or anything yet.
Harini, it seems, has absorbed the parental credo.
Charles Tinker was Lincoln’s favorite telegraph operator.
When reporters dispersed, he closed his eyes and covered half of his face with his left hand.
The strength to hold in the air, and at the propitious moment to coil the torso and apply his head like a hammer to the ball, is all Ronaldo’s.
In the 19th century performing opera in translation was standard practice.
Dr. Mikkael Sekeres is director of the leukemia program at the Cleveland Clinic.
Is there anything I can do to give it more curb appeal?
Here in Israel the film has received positive reviews and praise by newspaper columnists since its festival premiere last summer and opening on Jan. 1 but has not exactly started a revolution.
“I was really frustrated,” she said.
His suit fit loosely, he wore flip-flops, his shirttail was out, and his smile was wide.
It sat empty for months and months, though we don’t suffer for dining convenience.
The Israeli official said the decision to release the blocked money was “a one-time event” and was “not an indication of what Israel might do next month.” It came after a meeting on Monday between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Tony Blair, the former prime minister of Britain, who is now a joint Middle East peace envoy for the United States, the European Union, the United Nations and Russia, known as the quartet.
And perhaps most astonishingly, I could take a look at North Korea — at a map of the country overlaid with satellite imagery and captions.
Putting aside the serious constitutional implications of such a proposal, courts are simply not institutionally equipped to play such a role.
The answer lies in the gap between two numbers.
WD TV Play recognized Plex, but could not stream the content.
Half a year since Gmail introduced tabbed inboxes, fewer emails from retailers are being opened, according to three services that manage mass emails.
Mr. Covington replaced Mr. Dryden in 1970.
I think self-exposure on social media is probably like the diary we leave out for others.” TALK TO THE PAW: If there ever was a creature genetically engineered for social media success, it’s Grumpy Cat.
Several higher-ups said they wanted to, but there was a job freeze.
and Tubby Smith by Minnesota, Pat Forde writes on Yahoo.com , both crafted their own fates.
– Ashwin Seshagiri Steve Case’s Revolution Makes Big Bets on E-Commerce M.I.T.
It definitely has to do with the No Wave scene she encountered when she moved to New York at the end of the ’70s.
(Partisan polls have historically overestimated their candidate’s standing by about six percentage points.)
Never forget that Kelly Clarkson was discovered on a reality show.
Let’s have those in charge of film, newspaper and book censorship take over food safety, and have those responsible for food safety censor films, papers and books.
Goldman had organized “huddles” with its traders and a few select institutional investors in which analysts were encouraged to provide their best trading ideas based on their research.
By the time Ms. Knox’s appeal was decided in 2011, however, techniques had advanced sufficiently to make a retest of the knife possible, and the prosecution asked the judge to have one done.
But Mr. Kerry’s push in Moscow for an international peace conference was quickly overtaken by events on the battlefield as the Assad government gained ground with the help of Hezbollah, the militant Lebanese group, and arms the Iranians have flown to Damascus through the skies of an Iraq now devoid of American forces.
Post-cold-war foreign policy today is largely about “affecting the internal composition and governance of states,” added Mandelbaum, many of which in the Middle East are failing and threaten us more by their collapse into ungoverned regions — not by their strength or ability to project power.
A man in his early 20s was hospitalized in critical condition after being shot at a New Port Richey, Fla., home Saturday afternoon and is not expected to survive .
By August 1968, the dream described so eloquently by the Rev.
Homes have been repainted in vivid reds, yellows, blues and purples.
SYRACUSE 64, ST. JOSEPH’S 62 Brittney Sykes scored 6 of her 20 points in the final 2:37, including the game-winning layup with 3 seconds to play, as host No.
“But prospective students need to consider their potential career success with a degree from that school,” she said.
“You can’t have old housing stock and expect to attract your best and brightest.” Developments newly available for purchase in downtown Staten Island have been selling well, said Jacqueline Urgo, the president of the Marketing Directors, which is marketing two properties in the area for the developer Meadow Partners .
In a game in which players may change horses once or even twice in a period, known as a chukker, “understanding your horses is crucial,” Gannon said.
KEYA MORGAN: He loved him so much.
Then we would have won all that there is to win — it is not so bad that it did not work the first time.” Klopp has tried to reverse the psychology of winning and losing.
She graduated from American University in Washington and received a master’s degree in international development and demography from the London School of Economics.
Most important to Mr. Obama and his national security adviser, Tom Donilon, all three are likely to accommodate themselves, in ways their predecessors often did not, to a White House that has insisted on running national security policy from the West Wing.
Stop at the beachside bar at the Villa Sant’Andrea (Via Nazionale, 137; hotelvillasantandrea.com ).
Palin has suggested, too, that she might support Tea Party primary challengers to the Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, in Kentucky and to Lindsey Graham in South Carolina, whom McCain has likened to a son.
Prosecutors say Mr. Artimovich was one of two principal programmers who controlled the network of infected computers in a group that included a former signals intelligence officer in the Federal Security Service, or F.S.B., the successor agency to the K.G.B.
That would mean light for schoolchildren to do their homework after sunset and refrigerators to keep food from spoiling.
The average price drop of 10 percent leads to a net revenue decrease of 2 percent.
Medication can help, as part of a comprehensive plan overseen by a responsible and qualified physician.
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or Finra, which is financed by the industry, said Tuesday that LPL had failed to monitor the e-mails of its far-flung network of brokers over several years.
SAN ANTONIO PIñATA PROTEST This bilingual accordion-fronted quartet is committed to the notion that old-school punk rock and old-school Latin border music can be fused into something modern.
Dolphins 24, Colts 20 Credit the Dolphins’ secondary for playing outstanding man coverage and allowing a very respectable pass rush (aided by inside linebacker blitzes) to disrupt Andrew Luck and the Colts’ passing game.
One is that Boeing is still reworking parts on some of the earliest planes it produced, when it was having problems with suppliers, and it will focus this year on finishing some of those that require the most work.
July 19 at 7:30 p.m. $10.
On Sunday, on the eve of the hearing, General Martins addressed recent coverage of the split.
“The court recognized the absurdity of fining companies for failing to use a nonexistent biofuel,” said Bob Greco, director of the institute’s group that focuses on refining and retailing.
Trained by the Hall of Famer Shug McGaughey, who earned his first Kentucky Derby victory, Orb captured his fifth consecutive victory in spectacular fashion.
Despite what appeared to be disinterest in certain weighty discussions, Mr. Halpin said that Mr. Kennedy often presented himself as a passionate activist.
In these sections, Ubisoft almost too cheekily aligns itself with the bad guys and justifies its inevitable 2015 Assassin’s Creed, set during yet another violent moment in world history.
Vote de Blasio today.” By the end of the day, hundreds of thousands of voters did just that.
And Facebook didn’t even bother trying to entice them until last spring.
The proximate cause of Thursday’s decline was news this week of a glut of audio chips at one of Apple’s suppliers.
One deterrent is cost ( $2,000 to $6,000 per ear ), seldom covered by insurance.
These days, that’s not the end of it, not by a long shot.
Although a couple of the children had begun to cry, none complained.
For brunch, head downtown to Little Italy’s Extraordinary Desserts (1430 Union Street; extraordinarydesserts.com ), which has a “European breakfast” ($20.95) spread of imported cheese, fresh fruit, homemade granola, smoked salmon, decadent pastries and rustic breads starting at 11 a.m. Reservations recommended.
When Bassem was jailed in decades past, he said, prisoners were impatient to get out and resume their struggles.
Thirty community members who participated in a residency project with Mr. Brown will join the ensemble.
Still, many in the industry are aware that women are underrepresented and are trying to change that — with efforts that include a toy start-up that encourages girls to become engineers and programs that teach girls to write code.
As foreseen, the Communists cast their first nays on a substantive issue.
But two more players — Jamal Coombs-McDaniel and Taran Buie — were arrested for transgressions in March, and, despite an impressive recruiting class coming in, Athletic Director Jeff Hathaway determined a change was needed.
Mr. Brown becomes senior vice president and creative director, succeeding Tom McMahon, who left the agency to start Atomc Woodworks; Mr. Brown had been a creative director at Apple.
Professors Tetlock and Baron both challenged the assumption that anything can be had for a price.
Scharf has plans to continue his rogue car project wherever and whenever anyone is itching for a vehicular makeover.
It underscores the truth of the following observation, made by a World War II infantry captain named Charles B. MacDonald: “It is always an enriching experience to write about the American soldier in adversity no less than in glittering triumph.”
Connelly Theater, 220 East Fourth Street, East Village, (212) 868-4444, unsungmusicals.org.
Founded in 2006 with a grant from the Danish Embassy, the lab is now overwhelmed.
“There are lots of men who don’t have the same muscle mass as other men,” he said.
Suspense swells through the early sections, as Pron nests mystery within mystery, carefully tending the big enigma: What trauma drove the narrator to Germany, and into the fuzzy comfort of pills?
“They get into the yard.” “Are the snakes afraid of the noise of the boats?” asked another.
The sanctions apply to Mr. Cambis, the eight tankers and what the statement described as 14 front companies acting on behalf of the National Iranian Oil Company and the National Iranian Tanker Company.
“To get into trouble up there is hard to imagine.” Rescue workers finally recovered the bodies from the debris on Tuesday afternoon.
Washington, as a result, was swirling with all manner of possible responses, some quite draconian.” He suggested that the measure might have headed off a constitutional amendment barring same-sex marriage altogether and noted that only 81 of 535 members of Congress opposed the law.
As Mr. Knussen explained in a conversation on stage with Mr. Lubman, the piece is inspired by lines from “Hamlet,” when Gertrude describes the dying Ophelia as decked with “fantastic garlands” and singing “snatches of old tunes.” Mr. Knussen evokes the garlands through tinkling, spiraling instrumental riffs.
It was five Democrats — and Adolfo Carrión Jr., who’s running on the Independence Party line — in pursuit of an endorsement, so flattery and incumbent-bashing were expected.
An Israeli court recently ruled that further scraps, drawings, letters and Brod’s own diaries belong to the National Library of Israel and not to the aged daughters of Esther Hoffe, his secretary, who died in 2007 at the age of 101.
Such facts might have included indications that the settlement’s loan loss estimates were too conservative, making the investor payout too low.
A man was found shot and critically injured in a car wedged between a telephone pole and a building on a sidewalk in the South Ward neighborhood of Trenton, N.J. , early Saturday.
Behind the second row there’s a competitive 34.4 cubic feet of space (31.5 when equipped with a sunroof).
A senior American official said the White House would like “to compartmentalize these issues, and continue to move forward on other aspects of our bilateral relationship.” But Ms. Merkel, declaring last week that “ spying between friends is simply unacceptable ,” said there had been a breach of trust that would have to be repaired.
Izod Center, 50 Route 120. izodcenter.com; (201) 935-3900.
Whether it should be considered reassuring or alarming about the state of the nation’s infrastructure, the Skagit River bridge had not been judged unsafe or structurally deficient, according to inspection records.
But many other states waited, and therefore needed to cut more.
Whatever the Jets hoped to accomplish by playing Sanchez was negated as he crumpled to the turf, felled by a vicious, but clean, hit by Marvin Austin.
Workers on graveyard shifts, exposed to artificial light during the night, have a greater propensity for a range of diseases.
“I don’t think it’s appropriate for patients to be treated for hypogonadism without chemical evidence to support it,” he said.
He is happy to discuss his religion, his sport and their intersection, without any pretense.
But in a highly unusual mea culpa, the European Union’s top antitrust regulator said that his department bore some of the responsibility for Microsoft’s failure to respect a settlement that caused the fine.
If you do not have any earlier versions of Windows, you can still buy a new copy of Windows 7 from various places around the Web.
She is not a registered lobbyist, but rather a “strategic adviser,” although some call that a distinction without a difference.
I first interviewed Mr. Lewisohn for The New York Times when his book on the recording sessions was published, and we have regularly exchanged information and research materials since then.
The corps began to release water as quickly as it could, further damaging the estuaries.
And by customize I don’t just mean new paint and curtains.
“An inclusive election will be held in this country, and the enemy’s plots against that will fail, and nothing will remain to the Taliban except denigration and disgrace.” Although the election for president, as well as for provincial council members, is not until April 5, the three-week period for candidates to declare for president began Monday.
However, they are also aware that monetary policy can offset this effect (for example, see Page 33).
With 43 percent of the votes counted, Juan Orlando Hernández, the conservative candidate of the ruling National Party, led with 35 percent to 28.4 percent for Xiomara Castro, the candidate of the left-wing Libre party.
In addition, with roughly $60 billion in financing, bankers could enjoy well over $150 million in fees for arranging the debt.
Kaj ­Adolfsson — the Swede whose murder is announced in the first sentence — is the new boyfriend of Nate’s estranged wife.
In May, he sent encrypted messages telling the two of them to go to Hong Kong.
We were all informed that we were never to know their real names.
Basically, the previous policy was to launch a criminal investigation only if the crash involved a fatality — which meant that, if the critically injured died days after the crash (as happened in the case of the lawsuit), investigators were left to follow an investigative trail gone cold.
It did not require any statistics or other hard courses that might be useful in the business world.
Then, in a more ambitious move, glowing squares will be projected onto the building to verify the famous formula.
He has had a tempestuous relationship with both his regulators and customers.
Today, my friend P. J. O’Rourke is a big fan of Tarkington, but I wonder if anybody else is.
Among the 40,000 people who came for opening day at Southern California’s newest racetrack were the era’s biggest film stars, including Al Jolson, Joan Crawford, Milton Berle, Claudette Colbert, Bob Hope and Barbara Stanwyck.
The authors cite one study using obese and normal cadavers, in which obese people had significantly more forward movement away from the vehicle seat before the seat belt engaged because the additional soft tissue prevented the belt from fitting tightly.
What has particularly fascinated the art world is that the scores of paintings and drawings successfully presented as newly discovered works by some of the 20th century’s greatest artists were actually produced by a single man: an immigrant from China who painted out of his home and garage in Woodhaven, Queens.
The club, he said, “is a major employer and an important member of the community, and I will work with them and the National Park Service to get past this bureaucratic hurdle.” The club, which has a working-class clientele largely from Brooklyn, opened in 1963 and retains a classic look.
He presents detailed descriptions of some of his early experiments in animal behavior, like an analysis of newborn chicks’ pecking patterns.
“The scary part is, this guy proved it was not difficult to do what he did.
A Socialist who won election in 2012 after campaigning against the austerity policies that had been imposed on Europe’s ailing economies, Mr. Hollande has seen his popularity fall sharply since he took office.
And to preserve that role, she added, “the researcher of the future needs to be an entrepreneur, anticipating where consumers are going and providing solutions to respond to business problems.” The researcher in coming years will have to provide chief executives and chief marketing officers with information that is “more like apps than translating a white paper,” Ms. Fuguitt said, and act as “a bridge from ‘big data’ to one-on-one conversations with consumers on social media.” As for becoming the first woman to lead the A.R.F., she added, “a lot of consumers are women.” “I’m humbled and challenged to be the first for any reason,” she said.
— Jenna Wortham More Fakery Online Bbc.co.uk | A look at musicians who buy Facebook likes, Twitter followers and YouTube views.
RIVERDALE “Icebergs and Glaciers,” works by Rosalind Schneider, Elaine Galen and John Conn.
“Incorporating Gentium into Jazz Pharmaceuticals is a strong strategic fit as Defitelio would diversify our development and commercial portfolio and complement our clinical experience in hematology/oncology and our expertise in reaching targeted physicians who treat serious medical conditions,” said Bruce Cozadd, Jazz’s chairman and chief executive.
Tesco also had weaker same-store sales, which were flat in Britain, its largest market, and down 5 percent in Europe, where it has been hit by downturns in countries like Ireland and Poland.
Some research suggests that while sugar-free gum does prevent cavities , xylitol per se is not responsible.
While Mr. Steinbrück laid out a vision of creating a “fairer” Germany and reiterated that his party was prepared to raise taxes on the “Oberen,” or the better-off in society, Ms. Merkel reiterated her message that she had done well for eight years, and that she deserved four more.
Bidders count on an economic boost and a higher international profile as benefits from staging the six-month event.
If such sales take place both parties are liable to prosecution, Mr. Sheu said.
Big or persistent issues come back every two years, and the general theory seems to be that anything really important to voters will get another chance, eventually.
The deal is expected to close on or about Friday.
Mr. Dare then lived in Grand Terrace, in San Bernardino County, east of Los Angeles.
Penn State’s bill to pay costs related to the Jerry Sandusky child sexual abuse scandal neared $48 million by the end of May, a university Web site reported, an increase of $1.9 million from two months earlier.
“The damage is so extensive that it will take months to repair it.” In Himachal Pradesh, at least 11 people have died in the districts of Kinnaur and Sirmaur.
Tahiti Nui, 5-5134 Kuhio Highway, Hanalei; thenui.com .
But toy racecars aren’t built for the roughhousing that the average dog brings to the equation.
“I tell them, ‘O.K., then get an operation.’ ” As in many countries, there are dangers to the obsession.
“He just plays solid for us.
It was that moment on every television series when the camera usually starts to pan away from the action, and suddenly it’s the next morning.
But it is widely recognized that durian season can be deleterious to your health.
Hewlett-Woodmere Public Library, 1125 Broadway.
These changes mean that some apartment owners could soon face a higher tax bill, but they could also upend a longstanding method used by co-op boards to replenish their coffers.
But I don’t understand this, and neither do my constituents.”
They can barrel through the crowns of trees, launch embers that spark fires miles away, or burrow underground through root systems and spring up behind you.
But I had a kid in college and one high school age in boarding school.
On Tuesday, the union representing Opel workers reiterated a demand that G.M.
And you don’t need to bother with any router.
“Some external force, a seat belt or a fall on some blunt object, such as on a bike handle or a broom handle, that can pin the mesentery against a hard structure like the spine and tear the blood vessel,” Dr. Kane explained.
Layla is Brazilian and a professional housekeeper who has worked in my building, on East 52nd Street in the Turtle Bay area, for 13 years.
As a teacher and parent, I see the relationship from a dual perspective.
Fail to put enough pressure on the line, generally by pressing it against the rod handle with your index finger, and the hook will not set securely in the tarpon’s tough jaw.
Carlinhos Brown, a hit songwriter who is also an advocate of Afro-Brazilian culture, gathered nearly all of the blocos Afros — percussion groups that double as neighborhood improvement associations in Salvador, the capital of Bahia — to parade together in support of building an Afródromo, a new and media-friendly carnival circuit.
“They are learning about the ups and downs of the playoffs.
These words — these familiar tropes — are obstacles he’s tripping over, as if he were trying them out for the first time.
Euro zone factory output falls, but Italian machine tool orders rose 3.5 percent in 2012.
“Too big to fail” is a generally held assumption that some entities are so central and vital to our markets that they will be backstopped by the government.
And it’s utterly conventional compared with the converted stable on Charles Street where she lived with her mother, the photographer Diane Arbus, who made haunting images of nudists, transvestites and celebrities like Mae West and Susan Sontag.
I’ve been playing Game of War for about a week, and I found it more engaging than its closest analogue, Clash of Clans , a hugely popular mobile game that is helping the Finnish developer Supercell to gross millions of dollars a day.
The mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat, has described the marathon, in its third year, as an effort to make his bitterly divided and contested city “normal.” But normalcy is a challenge in a city that both Israelis and Palestinians see as their capital, a place that Jews, Muslims and Christians worldwide all revere as holy, a sprawling 48 square miles where 500,000 Israelis and 300,000 Palestinians live mostly in separate neighborhoods.
How did you get together?
“We love fashion more than we love the lifestyle of fashion,” Mr. Piccioli said.
When they set the sedentary mice loose on little treadmills, they ran “significantly longer both in time and distance” than untreated animals, the authors wrote, even though they had not been training beforehand.
Supporters, though, insist there is not a contradiction.
The company also has security detail, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, to keep anyone wandering by from trying to break into the offices.
The gatherings eventually turned into the NYC Bridge Runners .
Ninety-nine days after it was evacuated in the wake of Hurricane Sandy , Bellevue Hospital Center fully reopened on Thursday.
The smuggler provided one satellite mobile phone, but unfortunately it fell down in the morning due to the chaotic situation.
Introduced as a busty explorer in a tight top and short shorts, she was a controllable daredevil armed with two pistols.
“Keep flattering me,” Mr. Montalvo said.
As he travels the city, Mr. de Blasio can barely contain his fury over what he sees as the central contradiction of the Bloomberg years: a mayor who routinely unleashed the power of government to change New Yorkers’ personal behavior repeatedly balked at harnessing it to change their economic circumstances.
Britain secured control of Gibraltar in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht.
Then Ms. Luo grasps a curve ruler and, with an ordinary felt-tip pen, adds a thick line, often in black but also in green, China blue or red.
The court said the Steyr ladder trucks that were bought were 67 percent more expensive than Mercedes ladder trucks bought in a previous procurement.
For full reviews of recent concerts: nytimes.com/music.
The cold, rainy weather probably discouraged more from traveling, but about 100 people took the train on Saturday and another 100 on Sunday.
will not have police powers or direct responsibility for financial markets.
My brothers and I spent ours in front of the television waiting for the ball to drop in Times Square.
His reading skills, in particular, have been helped by some great apps.
Ms. VanBuren said Atia began acting out every morning while dressing for school, making them late almost every day.
Sadly, your dear friend is not available to you right now.
Seeing its commercial potential, Tribune Entertainment acquired the show in 1982 and syndicated it under the title “Movie Views.” In 1986 Mr. Ebert and Mr. Siskel signed a contract with Buena Vista Television to syndicate the program as “Siskel and Ebert at the Movies.” Most people knew the two as intellectually engaged, sweater-wearing, often contentious men sitting in cozy armchairs ad-libbing about a film’s strengths and weaknesses.
“That idea is obviously corrupted when in 2012, one guy, Sheldon Adelson, can make more political donations than the residents of 12 states put together.” The Demos study draws in part on the quantitative research of Martin Gilens, a professor of politics at Princeton University, in New Jersey, and author of “Affluence and Influence: Economic Inequality and Political Power in America.” Dr. Gilens, who focused on the divide between the top 10 percent and everyone else, found a high degree of what he calls political inequality.
Two said they were employed or had been employed by a hedge fund, while one man said he was the head of a small investment bank and a handful of people gave the details of their indirect ties to the financial world.
As the Tea Party questionnaires surfaced, the agency released a statement saying, “To be tax-exempt as a social welfare organization described in Internal Revenue Code (IRC) section 501(c)(4), an organization must be primarily engaged in the promotion of social welfare.
Muslims, both Somalis from the country’s large diaspora and native Kenyans, have been bracing for reprisal attacks.
But that is not a long-term substitute for the preclearance rule.
Commissioner Roger Goodell took issue with the notion that the league’s $765 million settlement with former players over concussions was a paltry sum compared with its revenue.
For example, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has still not issued a proposed rule on emergency preparedness, which was proposed years ago “in response to concern about the ability of health care providers across the United States to plan for and respond to emergencies.” The long-belated rule, inspired in part by the failures of preparedness after Hurricane Katrina, would make it a requirement for health care facilities, including hospitals, to meet certain preparedness standards in order to participate in Medicare and Medicaid.
She said they learned about the verdict from the family’s lawyer in the emirates, who was in court and called Mr. Cassim’s brother.
Our self-made man is yoked to unreliable partners, harassed by ruthless competitors and constantly beset by supply-chain problems.
One Club for Art and Copy, New York, is teaming with the North American International Auto Show, held each year in Detroit, to introduce an annual awards presentation under the title of the Automobile Advertising of the Year Award.
Comedians have been particularly ahead of the curve in embracing new ways to distribute stand-up acts that used to rely on cable television.
Mr. Pahade had most recently been North American president and chief executive at Initiative, New York, part of the Mediabrands unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Now there’s no one else to blame but them if things go wrong.
The physical stores have helped Apple’s bottom line.
Airbus has taken a somewhat different approach in building its A350 jets.
They said the backups would not be resolved quickly and advised passengers using Terminal 3 to check with their airlines on Saturday to see if operations had resumed.
The paper, on its Web site, posted video of the woman speaking to reporters from behind her closed door.
I mentioned that Mr. Desai would refuse to serve rude customers.
Ms. Coad brought up the Twitter posts that forced him to resign from Congress two years ago: “Stop going online and texting stuff, man.
A 10-minute walk away, the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Puerto Rico (Avenue Ponce de Leon and Avenue Roberto H. Todd, museocontemporaneopr.org ; opens at 1 p.m.; admission $5), in a graceful former school building, is home to exhibitions of works by local and locally born artists that are arrayed around a courtyard.
“The Easter Egg Roll with my kids,” he said.
Eventually the women join in.
“An emergency manager is like a man coming into your house,” said Donald Watkins , a city councilman.
One nanny was fired, and the other was reprimanded, he said.
These people know what to do.
“The problems are not yet solved in any general way,” Dr. Altshuler said.
The 7-year-old, whose name has not been released, was treated at Long Island Jewish Medical Center, the police said.
New devices and technologies are certain to further this immortality revolution; futurists are already imagining the day when people can have a virtual conversation with holograms of their ancestors that draw on digital legacies to reflect how the dead would have responded.
And now they’ve seized on the latest data to claim vindication, after all.
But amid the unruliness there is a certain discipline at work.
Unlike Mr. Rodman, Mr. Sweeney appears not to have gained access to the North Korean inner circle.
But people have been abandoning the courts at a far higher pace than predicted, according to a report released on Thursday by the Independent Budget Office, the city’s fiscal watchdog.
He said he also learned as a coach from working with James, whose work ethic and drive he said were unparalleled.
“This was pure speculation — European banks like Deutsche Bank were desperately trying to get rid of these things,” said a Cypriot banker familiar with the transactions who was not authorized to speak publicly.
But when H7N9 appeared in China in February, its genome was sequenced by scientists there and made publicly available.
Daily, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sara Nightingale Gallery, 688 Montauk Highway.
They included several lawmakers from Turkey.
Premium Crosswords is available through subscription only.
“In Washington, the view is that the banks are to be regulated,” the Alabama congressman told the News.
In the left-side panel, click Messages.
Subsequent developments have severely shaken that belief.” — ANNIE LOWREY Just eight months before the Fed would have to help stage a $85 billion rescue for A.I.G., Charles I. Plosser of the Philadelphia Fed dismissed problems among such companies.
All of this raises tricky economic and ethical questions about how a society survives and prospers when so many of its citizens are beyond what we currently conceive as working-age, and live longer in the twilight, when disease ravages the mind and body, and people are more likely to be dependent than independent.
Voters often agree with my platform when I run as a Green Party candidate, but the cost of running and winning in a nonproportional system is too great for alternative parties on most occasions.
In a sign of the challenges ahead, Miroslava Nemcova, the parliamentary speaker, who was the rightist coalition’s choice for prime minister, refused Wednesday to drink a glass of Champagne with the new cabinet, calling the new government “toxic.” “I reject the government as a whole,” she said.
They were originally sent to Christian Ross, a Philadelphia dry-goods merchant, by the kidnappers of his 4-year-old son Charley who were demanding $20,000 in ransom.
Later, I found out about studies that paid $20 an hour to perform cognitive tests inside an M.R.I.
Though possibly difficult for children to handle, the format is perfect for Koch’s wide horizontal scenes of grassy hills, European streets and, loveliest of all, beaches on the North Sea (to which the book is, again unusually, dedicated).
It remained unclear how Mr. Rafie acquired the gun, a .308-caliber rifle of Spanish manufacture, which the police have traced to a store in upstate New York that went out of business in 2006, five years before Mr. Rafie arrived, Mr. Kelly said.
To feed me, both in person and remotely, gives my mother pleasure and purpose.
The Texas Health and Human Services Commission projects 240,000 children currently eligible for Medicaid but not participating will enroll in 2014 and 2015, as families seek coverage to comply with the individual insurance mandate, which takes effect on Jan. 1.
Location The hotel sits in a pedestrian-friendly area of a town that usually requires a rental car.
The only exception is for doctors who did their residencies in Canada.
SOLD THE MARKET TODAY DOOOOHHHH!
HAREWOOD It takes an enormous amount of energy just to get through the evening.
Any tasting like this is mostly educational.
Even one of the chief architects of the Bush tax cuts, R. Glenn Hubbard, a Columbia University economist, was not crowing about their potential enshrinement.
“That takes more time,” Ms. Wils said.
Nancy Skinner, a state assemblywoman from Berkeley, said she hoped that BART would continue to negotiate.
We don’t have anywhere to go.” Her sleeping accommodation is now a filthy foam mattress placed on cardboard, in the mud; her children sleep under low torn mosquito nets.
“We continue to work with the Fed and will resubmit in September,” Goldman Sachs said in a statement.
I used to be really worried what people thought, and I always tried to act in ways to make sure I was liked.
In this time of ill-advised budget cuts, there are surely better ways to spend that money.
A 12-year-old boy was killed with a long gun wielded by another 12-year-old boy during a sleepover in Marlette Township, Mich. , Saturday night.
In New York, insurers are required to approve referrals to out-of-network providers, and the patients still pay the same out-of-pocket costs as if they were treated in network.
spokesman said the agency could not discuss the status of the investigation.
So it must come as a relief when Hal Carter (Mr. Stan), a handsome hobo, shows up next door, doing odd jobs for old Mrs. Helen Potts (Ellen Burstyn, no less), one of the neighborhood’s many women without men.
The airline comes up with a price that is not high enough to discourage customers but still maximizes profits.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is currently working on a new program that would encourage automakers to recommend the most appropriate child seats for use in each of their models.
Asked about the K.H.L.’s participation in future Olympics should the N.H.L.
It didn’t matter how we got here or that his boss would e-mail him at midnight while mine allowed me to watch whole seasons of “Friday Night Lights” when work was slow.
Even so, there is bipartisan support to do more.
This research suggests that farming mothers might benefit from a naturally occurring immunotherapy, one that preprograms the developing fetus against allergic disease.
Right now you are suffering the common corporate malady of Fear of Fear.
Few expressed hope of returning to work anytime soon.
Britain has been gripped by growing worries about its future power supplies, with supply falling and prices rising.
Mr. Fast has added his own twist to the plot, looping the timeline so that the story’s beginning connects to its end.
“By our count, it’s 248-3.” Mr. Munisteri theorized that Mr. Meyers had merely found the Republican Party too crowded.
Whether the Federer era is truly over may depend less on whether an aging superstar can still win on exquisite shot making than on whether the game has left him behind.
But Peugeot shares retreated on Friday after analysts said neither option was plausible.
“La Dolce Vita” is a film that tries to understand the meaning of life in a world that is losing this meaning.
Manufacturing conditions in the New York (pdf) and Philadelphia regions improved, household financial health is looking up, and people are spending more on weddings.
For those who do it themselves, the mulching attachments can be cumbersome.
With news in Pakistan seemingly going from bad to worse, no wonder people here are increasingly turning to the frivolous and titillating world of soap operas.
“We are confident that if you create the right product, there will be tenant demand,” Peter S. Duncan, the president of George Comfort, said while sitting in one of the dowdy conference rooms at 208 Harbor Drive.
If the vote had gone the other way, Mr. Schjoelset said, the Emissions Trading System would have been “more or less dead.” The European Union introduced the system in 2005 in an effort to force utilities and manufacturers to reduce their carbon emissions.
Bigger, more mature countries are responding to their own economic downturns by adopting easy money policies.
That’s why staying out guarantees that only more bad things will happen, but going in, big or small, would not guarantee success.
If you borrow money to go to college, you should be able to pay it back from your higher post-graduation income.
Rhapsody, which is also available in Europe as Napster, says it has more than one million subscribers, but it has not announced specific numbers in two years.
Before his murder, Mr. Jethwa had been assaulted once and survived with serious head injuries.
It ran into a storm of criticism.
Reached by telephone, a Nanjing International Cinema employee said the cinema had not sold a single ticket for “Young Lei Feng” and had canceled further screenings.
Like most parties at Camp Neidich, it went on late into the starry night, with guests dancing under a disco ball, a big bonfire and a swim in the ocean for those who stayed until daylight.
It has been shouted by thousands of fans at men’s national team games, too.
Beijing acted as a good faith partner on tough U.N. sanctions against North Korea, and for the first time, the Chinese Navy has agreed to participate in naval exercises with the United States and other countries in the Pacific.
“This is not a policy issue,” she said.
We didn’t want to put up any walls.
Your Web site is your welcome mat.
Add to that a host of new technologies including GPS, digital photography, interactive Web sites and mobile phone apps that allow for the efficient collection and dissemination of data.
I certainly don’t expect any major reversal of a decades-long trend, and it’s probably naïve to expect even a small change unless an incumbent chief justice lobbies to be relieved of some of the extra responsibilities.
“But at the same time, my main focus is the Indiana Pacers and trying to get to that championship.” That goal seems imminently attainable, which is incredible considering that just four months ago Andersen was unemployed, a Bird with nowhere to fly.
But Atlanta’s defense was dreadful.
“Upon investigation it was discovered that some of the inspections were not adequate and portions of the repair procedure may not have been performed correctly,” the letter says.
They want to hold money back as insurance against the school lawsuits.
Still, the comedy podcast has become a major new medium, and not just because some performers have leveraged it into television shows and corporate deals .
Three executives were named to oversee Hungry Pup Studio: Joe DiVirgilio, director for client services; Valerie Hill, director for operations; and Matt Read, senior marketing services manager.
He attended the Fieldston School in the Riverdale section of the Bronx and received a bachelor’s degree from Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania in 1955.
A missionary type who rings Sean’s doorbell in Act II explains human existence with the metaphor that “we are all pieces of a puzzle, and only God has the picture on the box.” Sean is played by Michael Rabe, who also wrote the script, and at first this looks like a dangerous case of a narcissist’s having created a role to demonstrate just how cool a character he is.
A brief communiqué said that “some provisions” of an agreement banning tests in the atmosphere, outer space and underwater, had been discussed along with “other questions of mutual concern.” There was no official elaboration on the communiqué, but informed Western sources said that the talks continued to make progress.
Anti-Vietnamese talk has been a mainstay of the protest leaders, who portray Mr. Hun Sen as a puppet of Vietnam.
Some of that loss may have been recovered thanks to the tourism that the wedding and the jubilee generated, which Mr. Archer does not believe the impending birth will do (at least not now; maybe the international coverage of the new baby could attract travelers’ attention in the future).
A good rosé, at a lunch outdoors, preferably seaside or at least poolside, or even on a terrace, at a sidewalk table or on a tar-paper roof, will transport me to Provence as quickly as you can say Brigitte Bardot.
They spoke with the steady perspective of veterans who had had their share of success and disappointment in the last 10 years.
He got a high school diploma, became a certified substance abuse counselor, has never tested positive for any drugs.
In Massachusetts, the ideal point is quite a bit to the left of the rest of the country.
Although details remain to be worked out, this important move helps restore fundamental rights for a neglected part of the population.
One of its 22,299 followers is @HassanRouhani.
As protests in places like Kuwait and Bahrain have simmered, leaders of the Persian Gulf nations have shown increasing cooperation on security matters and with what often seems like a shared playbook for stifling dissent.
There are two great hikes through the jungle to gorgeous beaches at the nearby Cabo Blanco Nature Reserve, or visitors can take an A.T.V.
When it comes to technology start-ups, there are a lot of paths to success, Jenna Wortham reports .
When something of this magnitude happens, it’s just as dangerous, if not more dangerous than being in Afghanistan or any other number of countries where there are wars going on.
Abby’s risky connection with another mother from school (Maggie Siff) with a rich husband seems especially reliant on this obliqueness.
“Not that it’s bad,” Assistant State Attorney Richard Mantei said of Mr. Zimmerman’s past interest in law enforcement, “but it’s relevant.” Along with Captain Carter, several others who worked in law enforcement and had some form of contact with Mr. Zimmerman, or with documents pertaining to him, took the stand.
And sometimes-bitter debate has flared on the advisory board, with some members saying that Harvard’s choice of which materials to include provides too narrow an answer to a basic question: Just what counts as an Emily Dickinson “poem,” anyway?
Detectives now fall under similar scrutiny.
“I had no chance, I knew that,” Harris said.
For six more weeks, two of the strongest and most interesting female leads on television are being played by Asian-American actresses.
And had you left the party around 1:15 a.m., you would have found yet another model, Lindsey Wixson, outside, sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
He is separately facing criminal charges in the United States.
By the end of the year, the partners say that they will offer a system making a wide range of public chargers available to electric car owners signed up to many different services.
It turns out to be much healthier for on-boarding when you make sure everybody likes who we’re bringing on.
Cécile Damide, a spokeswoman for Peugeot, noted that the downgrade Tuesday had “automatically followed” the parent company’s ratings cut last week.
“I do find it compelling,” he writes of Matthijs van Boxsel, that he “and other Dutch writers see the historic struggle against water as formative to a cultural ethic of cooperation that created a society strong enough for it to impel, curiously, a commitment to value the individual.” If that sounds confusing, the other formulations of the book’s central idea are even more so.
The dance’s central man and woman (Jason Jordan and So Young An) come together and part and come together again.
At the same time, with many Israelis viewing the United States as having abandoned its credible military threat against Iran, they have stepped up talk of a strike of their own.
Mute buttons everywhere quiver in anticipation of angry thumbs.
For almost a century and a half, the court lacked a permanent home and led a nomadic existence, moving from the Merchants Exchange Building in New York to what is now known as Independence Hall in Philadelphia and later to the Capitol Building in Washington before settling, in 1935, into the magisterial marble edifice designed by the architect Cass Gilbert that it now occupies.
It is hard, and perhaps not possible, to forge a theoretically significant distinction between working with one’s hands and working with one’s mind.
Dr. Dehority was studying protozoa that live in the stomachs of cattle.
However, they have science on their side.
One rainy, windy morning in February, only 10 students attended Jeanette Toomer’s English language arts A.P.
finals with the San Antonio Spurs).
I feel obliged also to point out that elsewhere in “I Wear the Black Hat” he writes “reticent” when he means “reluctant.” This is a book that deals with — or touches on, at least — terrible acts.
“That’s exactly what we wanted him to do.” Earlier this season, the Knicks complained about not getting to the free-throw line enough as the referees let games become physical.
They forfeited last Saturday’s game at Jackson State.
Early commercials featured housewives harangued by an unseen chorus of schoolchildren chanting “ring around the collar,” then noticing the stains on their husbands’ shirts.
Those results suggest that so far, many companies are taking a prove-it stance rather than plunging in to the Big Data game.
Crime fell, even in the most crime-ridden precincts, such as the 75th Precinct in East New York, Brooklyn.
Regardless of whether she dominates the election or just squeaks by, Ms. Merkel will govern in the same boring, deliberate style as before.
The health care debate in late 2009 and early 2010 was one of them, as was the debt ceiling debate in the summer of 2011.
You had to pull it down all the time.” For much of the early going, Azarenka seemed to treat the wind as an ally while Williams treated it as an enemy.
In speed dating, as in life, the social norm instructs women to sit in one place, waiting to be approached, while the men rotate tables.
Their silken blend of jazz and vocals provides a smooth undercurrent on which conversation can ride.
When that bubble burst, foreigners wanted their money immediately, and Ireland decided to stand behind its banks, virtually bankrupting the country’s government.
Maintaining a lawn does take a lot of energy.
[CDATA[ DV.load("//www.documentcloud.org/documents/661005-as-gorillas-go-sixth-month-old-patty-cake-is-a.js", { width: 480, height: 600, sidebar: false, text: false, pdf: false, container: "#DV-viewer-661005-as-gorillas-go-sixth-month-old-patty-cake-is-a" }); // ]]>
In November, the hotel will have its second Top Dog weekend, which kicks off with cocktails for the humans and chicken-flavored water for the dogs, and includes hiking, biscuit-making with ingredients like pumpkin, oatmeal and apple sauce and a “pet-icure,” in which dogs receive blowouts and have their nails trimmed ($499 for the weekend, pet activities included).
The result was that the incumbent mayor, Sergei S. Sobyanin, was expected to coast to victory as a surge of young, liberal voters failed to materialize to bolster the candidacy of the blogger, Aleksei A. Navalny.
The Phillies and Marlins both struck out 54 times lin Week 22, but you might want to put an asterisk on this one.
Taxpayer dollars are spent in investigating allegations of animal cruelty and may be spent sheltering the dogs.
For the other half of the apartments, which were in various states of completion, the new owners hired the interior design firm Yabu Pushelberg, which also created the interiors of the new main lobby and the amenity spaces.
The vote on Tuesday, however, means any such ruling most likely would have limited consequences.
Instead of allowing medical experts to define them, these people espouse “mad pride” and create communities where peer counseling replaces institutionalization.
“I know of many cases when faculty dissent of any kind led to nonrenewal of contracts,” said an American Ph.D. holder who worked at a program in France, who asked not to be identified because he feared losing his job.
She writes: “Certain wonks on the libertarian right and liberal left have come to a strange convergence around the idea — some prefer an unconditional ‘basic’ income that would go out to everyone, no strings attached; others a means-tested ‘minimum’ income to supplement the earnings of the poor up to a given level.” It’s a system that some argue would work better and be more fair than the current “patchwork of benefits,” while streamlining government.
To that end, we should not arm the rebels — moderate or otherwise.
At the entrance of the hospital, Mr. London was met by volunteers who stopped him cold.
And recent academic research has confirmed what many of us overhear at the school gates or read on mommy blogs.
Ms. McCray was not there.
Croatia beat Serbia, 2-0, further enhancing its prospects of qualifying for the World Cup and virtually ruining Serbia’s chances of making it to Brazil.
The Boy Scouts said in January that it was considering lifting the ban and allowing local sponsoring organizations to decide membership policies for themselves, but then quickly changed course and said that leaders needed more time and would take up the issue at the national annual meeting in May.
I only half-understand it myself, but I do know it has begun to work.
Ms. Carlin, 28, is taking the name Knoth.
An observational study would require “enrolling sufficient numbers of unvaccinated children and matching them with vaccinated children of the same age, gender, ethnicity, and geographic location — a necessary step to rule out chance findings” and would be prohibitively difficult and time-consuming, if not impossible.
Another acceded to “Stan.” But the Lindenwood just isn’t the kind of place where good things come from getting your name in the paper.
In “Practicing Western Oncology in Shanghai, China: One Group’s Experience,” Ms. Lu wrote: “We are attempting to serve a huge population with limited resources, and the system to protect Chinese physicians remains a big issue.
While new buyers are entering the market, particularly Americans, others who had helped support it, mainly from emerging economies, are pulling back.
Niese was scheduled to see a doctor Friday.
As had become routine on this trip, I was leaving a state sure I had only just scratched the surface.
Separately, the nation’s current-account deficit narrowed in the July-September quarter to the lowest level in four years as a rise in Americans’ foreign investment earnings helped offset a bigger trade deficit in goods.
The academy’s chief financial officer contended that Sanders threw him to the ground.
The jaunty rhythms of the song “The Best of All Possible Worlds” came across very well in this transparent version for band.
Alleviating hunger, in part, is recognizing that the right to eat is equivalent to the right to breathe, which trumps the right to make profits.
Someday, he might even be able to sell his town house for a profit.
On another morning at Tumblr headquarters on East 21st Street, a young man in futuristic shoes poured a glass of seltzer (it’s on tap) and sat down to breakfast: a plate piled with bacon.
The complex had been idle since April, when the North withdrew all of its workers amid tensions from its most recent nuclear test.
Neighbors were concerned that its main section would be too skinny for the area, which is dominated by wide former department stores.
Then you go the next two or three levels down in terms of the culture of enforcement.
It is not clear how good he will be and how much longer he will play.
Nash darted past Tyler Myers, drawing Miller across the goal before reaching back to tuck the puck around Miller’s right skate and into the net.
Consequently, a settlement payment of $616 million could pay for itself in a year or two.
@rich1 Vivek Wadhwa is the Carrot Top of academic sources.
‘I Just Lost My Cool’ After dropping out of high school, Mr. Harris ended up working at a carwash and envying the imports driven by drug dealers.
Ms. Baxter’s previous marriages had left her guarded and suspicious.
When Open Studios began in 2006 the event had seven participating artists.
Ratings and reviews on services like Google Plus Local are automatically public and can be used in ads, unless a user opts out of shared endorsements.
The comic book industry, after years of struggling to bolster sales, appears to have found a way to draw new readers, thanks in part to its push into the digital realm.
Petty is keeping the smaller shows casual.
“It boasts the most prolific wild runs of Atlantic salmon in the world.
“I take it as an insult, and I will not lie down and say people can call me dishonest, misleading or misrepresenting,” he said, dismissing his critics as “hacks and haters.” Presumably in jest, Mr. Paul added: “If dueling were legal in Kentucky, if they keep it up, it’d be a duel challenge.” The plagiarism story was first reported on “The Rachel Maddow Show” on MSNBC, and the website BuzzFeed followed up , describing a speech from June in which Mr. Paul appeared to have lifted words from a separate Wikipedia entry.
Canada Post must now find spaces in often-congested urban centers to squeeze in communal boxes for about five million households.
“Instead, as alleged, he violated the S.E.C.’s internal rules about stock ownership and repeatedly lied to the S.E.C.
The groups are engaged in the latest chapter of a battle over the expansion of large casinos in Florida, an issue awash in lobbyists and money.
The comment was about anatomy, not geography.
In Carson City, lawmakers credit Mr. Bloomberg with jump-starting a gun bill that had stalled in Nevada, even though both chambers of the Legislature are controlled by Democrats.
Without war, without guns, many of these fighters would most likely be unemployed or back at school.
Get over this round and let’s go have a pint.” Beem added: “Obviously, it’s probably going to be the only major I ever win, but you know what?
Steven Sloane conducts, and Richard Jones, the director of the original production at the Royal Opera House in London, returns to revive his work.
Once the initial inquiry has been completed, the tracks will be handed back to the transportation authority so repairs can begin, Mr. Weener said.
Less than a quarter of those on Seventh Avenue did.
Toby Hoare will be chairman of Geometry Global, based in London, while continuing as chief executive at JWT Europe and chairman at JWT London.
The government says the Fourth Amendment analysis in the new cases should begin and end with that decision.
Indian airlines lost $2 billion in the fiscal year that ended in March 2012, said the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation.
As others quickly pointed out, that decline occurred between 1970, the high point, and 1985, not in recent years.
We had independent judges rate the subjects’ answers for degree of creativity, which can be done reliably.
And their subjects are so unassuming as to seem disposable: a bar of soap on a bathtub ledge, a paper cup wedged into a chain-link fence, a “Do Not Disturb” sign on a hotel-room door.
The Sept. 28 clash centered on a hotel that the local authorities said was illegally constructed.
But Al Reinert, the film’s director, tells the tale beautifully, via sparse interviews with Mr. Morton, his lawyers, his fellow inmates and, most movingly, jurors who imposed the wrongful verdict and the young son whose childhood Mr. Morton missed.
They were often good: excellent Italian fare, thanks in part to fresh tomatoes and basil; a devoted expatriate clientele demanded serious Japanese; and a century of French colonialism meant that pâté, red wine and onion soup were vernacular dishes.
“I discovered I like making things again,” he said.
From the editorial page Gov.
The school’s headmistress remains missing after absconding with her family, and the police are trying to trace her.
“The art world has a lot of cliques,” said Mr. Guttman, 37, who calls himself an art novice.
Before using cash directly from the shared European fund, a bank would need to draw the maximum amount permissible from its own government bailout money.
This leaves students with the impression that their choices and behaviors really don’t lead to any significant consequences.
Sometimes, through his words, Martin Luther King has been a companion, a cell mate more than a teacher.
“And when we are talking about children, that need to trust those in charge leaves absolutely no margin for error.
“The government should do something to stop this,” he said.
That Should Be A Word (BOH-HO-MEE-ENN), N., ADJ.
He retreated to the locker room after a season-low 24 minutes, and watched bits and pieces of the Knicks’ 103-98 victory on television as he iced his ankle and kept it elevated.
Strikes by police officers demanding higher salaries opened the way for looting in cities across Argentina over the weekend.
We wanted to learn more, so Mr. Sasaki called Tetsuji Jin, who helps run the East Shakotan Fishing Cooperative.
SWEEPING VISTAS Fans of immersive landscape paintings and photographs, the kind that give the illusion of extremes of peripheral vision, are called panoramaniacs.
“She has her ways, I have mine.
“We’re really going to have to try anything and everything.” The Obama administration is heavily invested in California’s success.
The current group consists of roughly a dozen new actors led by hackers who call themselves “Th3 Pr0” and “The Shadow” and function more like Anonymous, the loose hacking collective, than a state-sponsored brigade.
The owner of the diner, Memphis (played by Chuck Cooper), is concerned about how much money he is going to get for the building his business occupies.
13 were tight end Tyler Eifert of Notre Dame and outside linebacker Jarvis Jones of Georgia, either of whom would have addressed a definite need on a team loaded with them.
Is he going to do the ultra-fast offense from college?
He said that the post office would have made a profit of $660 million without the health fund payments required by Congress.
“They look like they may be poised to stop the drop.
I also had to resign from board positions at several Russian companies.
That brings me back to typhoid.
He has never been described as pro-poor.
The company manages more than $500 million in project financing for corporate and institutional partners like Google and Morgan Stanley, executives said.
By last week, the number of applicants who dropped a plan into their virtual grocery carts was climbing at a rapid clip.
There are purchase-order lenders who will write a check to a supplier in order to get the product made.
A scaled-down program called Constellation was begun, but that was canceled by President Obama after it, too, became expensive.
Game (fall) 7:30-8:00 The OT (fall) 8:00-8:30 The Simpsons 8:30-9:00 Bob’s Burgers 9:00-9:30 Family Guy 9:30-10:00 American Dad
So we rely on rats.
Who is the person who would say these things in that circumstance?
“You look good,” Ms. Santiago said softly after they had chatted for a bit.
Mike Tannenbaum is gone, but Mark Sanchez is still here, and as Greg Hanlon wrote in recapping the season for CapitalNewYork.com , “It’s the quarterback who’s making things seem as bleak as they are.” Consider the impact of one change in personnel.
Here, he pushes for a more gradual approach to cutting rates, favoring a quarter-point cut rather than the 50-basis-point move the Fed took.
Important people return calls from governors that they might not return from former governors.
officials have urged stronger European economies with lower borrowing costs, like Germany, to do more to foster growth across the entire region and to move more aggressively to finish a cross-border banking union to shore up investor confidence.
or senior executive should send the initial e-mail to a potential recruit directly: “For any targeted hire – especially your senior hires – you should always send the first e-mail yourself.” He suggests that the open-rate of the e-mail will be much higher if sent directly by the hiring manager as opposed to a recruiter.
community where everyone would stand up and speak.
Jil Sander said it all when she described her men’s wear collection — the second since the return to her eponymous house — as “very gentle, very sophisticated, new proportions and the development of new fabrics.” The program notes were more dramatic, titled “Epic Masculinity.” The result was powerful in its bold use of color as a tomato-red, tight-breasted suit opened the show.
In the end of all these films, it is the healers who suffer, becoming more helpless and tormented as their vulnerable patients surrender, seduce and fight back.
“The rest of the world for those two hours could disappear.”
Even among Yankees fans, Cano has limited drawing power.
One neighborhood club, Studio SP , showcases musicians like Bárbara Eugênia, a gifted singer from Rio de Janeiro who swapped her native city’s tropical exuberance for São Paulo’s gray skies, honing a flirtatiously melancholic musical style.
Hours: Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 5 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays from noon to 6 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Free with admission: $11; free for 65+, under 1 and members; Thursdays, 4 to 6 p.m., pay as you wish.
Mr. Renz was captured a short time later.
Friday at 8 p.m., Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m., Sunday at 2 p.m., Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 242-0800, joyce.org; $10 to $75.
H.P.’s shares were up 5.85 percent in after-hours trading after the announcement.
“I was treated completely differently by patients and doctors,” he said.
She noted that officers routinely stopped people partly on the basis of “furtive movements,” a category that officers have testified might encompass any of the following: being fidgety, changing directions, walking in a certain way, grabbing at a pocket or looking over one’s shoulder.
“In our infancy, we faced a significant learning curve,” he said.
And plenty of audience members dress up like their favorite characters.
Only a year ago, the rebels seized the provincial capital of Goma while the much-derided United Nations peacekeeping force, for years the largest and most expensive in the world, stood by and watched as the city was sacked.
“The Chinese native dogs live in rural villages, helping humans to guard homes,” Dr. Zhang explained in an e-mail.
Some advice: You’ll need every minute.
“Labs that do testing, hydroponic stores that provide growing equipment, software developers, insurance companies that specialize in dispensaries.” Steve DeAngelo , the founder of the Harborside Health Center in Oakland, one of the state’s largest marijuana dispensaries, said his dispensary collected $1.2 million last year in marijuana sales tax for the city.
Taking scissors to a van Gogh landscape, smearing paint over a Rembrandt, setting fire to a Leonardo drawing — even imagining such acts can make the stomach clench.
The Texas Department of Insurance has made no extra effort to publicize the federal exchange, said John Greeley, an agency spokesman.
Orb, with 150 points, leads the standings.
“Anna Bolena” and “Maria Stuarda” are now in repertory, with “Roberto Devereux” to follow on Oct. 7.
We were O.K., as it turned out.
But the schedules will be harmonized at last on Friday night when they meet in the semifinals of the Australian Open.
Sometimes the girl rode the donkey to collect coconuts when they fell to the ground.
The push to rid portfolios of fossil fuel stocks echoes earlier movements by endowments and pension funds in the 1980s to sell stocks of companies doing business with South Africa because of its apartheid policies and in the 1990s to sell tobacco stocks because of the health hazards posed by smoking.
That is 8.6 percent higher than its previous record of 8.1 trillion won in July to September.
I just don’t get it.
Among all the promised reforms, nothing indicates that what happened to my father cannot and will not happen again to someone else.
At 5 and 8 p.m., Players Theater, 115 Macdougal Street, at Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village, (800) 551-4767, hollywoodpop.com/mondaynightmagic; $66.50 to $72.50; $10 discounts available on phone orders with the codes HPG-Prem or HPG-VIP.
And those costs have at times been high: He sees an oncologist in Tucson twice a year and sometimes needs expensive tests that his current insurance does not always cover.
What is certain, however, is that it will not be made of wood.
Rob Garza, from Thievery Corporation.
■ My old employer mailed me a check for the money in my retirement account.
“That is absolutely not true,” said Dr. Chhanda Dutta, a gerontologist with the National Institute on Aging.
That, coupled with news that Mr. Cohen paid $60 million for an oceanfront estate in the Hamptons, led to speculation that Mr. Cohen’s shopping spree was a statement of confidence that his legal problems were over or an effort to shield assets from the government.
The panel said its investigation, which is continuing, had found “deplorable conduct, some of it perfectly legal yet profoundly wrong; some of it potentially illegal,” and promised to refer some findings to law enforcement.
The crew members include citizens from 18 nations, including two from the United States.
It’s a familiar story but with some new twists.
That much Shane Vereen thought he could count on for the Patriots’ playoff opener Sunday against the Houston Texans.
There is also balance, the level of infused carbon dioxide; orientation, the water’s pH level; hardness, the amount of calcium and magnesium in the water; virginality, the water’s nitrogen content; and vintage, which can range from days to thousands of years.But Mr. Mascha is interested in more than just taste.
The New York Philharmonic’s solution is now the Chicago Symphony’s problem.
“I must hold Missouri responsible for this fearful, fiendish raid,” Kanas Gov.
Mr. Martin’s death — and the initial absence of charges against Mr. Zimmerman — prompted outcry nationwide, and Mr. Zimmerman was ultimately charged with second-degree murder after Gov.
At a time when we are awash in a constant deluge of digital images shared by friends and strangers through Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Flickr, it can be hard to recall when we were less instantly and intimately connected.
“He succeeded.” Having traded at nearly $1.36 to the dollar earlier on Thursday, the euro dropped to below $1.34 after Mr. Draghi’s comments.
“He’s happy,” the sergeant said.
Mr. Unluhisarcikli said that as the investigation inched closer to Mr. Erdogan personally, he would “have more difficulty containing the damage.” The public has been riveted by a flow of sordid details of the investigations leaked to the news media — with photographs of piles of cash in the bedroom of a minister’s son and reports that the chief executive of a state-owned bank had $4.5 million in cash packed in shoeboxes.
The museum’s vertical layout doesn’t help.
From that vantage point, he edited many prizewinning articles and watched a suicidal jumper leap off a bridge.
They argue that such restrictions could limit lending, and prevent lower-income borrowers from buying homes.
Costa is now under the tutelage of Diego Simeone, the abrasive and cunning Argentine who became Atlético’s coach two years ago and has transformed the team.
Tickets for entry are $10 per person, and food is extra.
You lack appeal,” Melville said.
The 1913 marchers ended up swarmed by jeering men, and dozens of women were injured and hospitalized.
One of his lawyers was given a copy, too.
(That one featured a memorable Elaine Stritch, of all people, in one of the trash cans.)
Rask said he had thought he might have played had he not been injured late in the season.
“We are working in close coordination with representatives of the Embassy of Sweden to resolve this issue, and they also have requested, actually on a daily basis, consular access,” Ms. Psaki said.
It’s an extraordinarily tough environment for human intelligence, not just ours but the neighboring countries as well.” The surveillance flights in Africa, which are mostly run by private contractors, are part of a classified Pentagon program called Creek Sand.
I rolled into New York, anxious, and found what looked like an abandoned gas station.
Caroline Criado-Perez, a blogger and co-founder of the Web site The Women’s Room , began her campaign months ago when she realized that soon there might be no women — except Queen Elizabeth II, of course — left on British bank notes.
He replaces Los Angeles defender Omar Gonzalez, who withdrew because of a strained left hip.)
Illegally dumped garbage fills the forests.
Talking Points : Experts say, “This is the most progressive means of preventing hijacking in aeronautic history.” Air Marshals are good people, but on a modern aircraft anyone can nod off.
Then the season began, and for the most part, the murmurs subsided.
Mr. Tibbs was rootless at the time, though not a drifter so much as a seeker.
“The government is not empowered to trample shareholder and property rights even in the midst of a financial emergency,” the Starr complaint says.
Long story short, I said on stage suddenly, “I want to become the world’s leading expert on festivals.” And that’s how Fest300 started.
Chevy Chase was a writer.” I go: “I just want to be on it.
“Well,” said Mr. Sherman, who is 85 but looks and acts years younger, “he was a boy once, too.” It’s hard to imagine that lilting “Mary Poppins” standards like “Chim Chim Cher-ee,” “A Spoonful of Sugar” and “Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious” would have seen the light of day had the Sherman Brothers not soldiered through their difficulties with the antimusical Travers.
I’m tired of it,” she seethes.
Mr. Obama declared last August that the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government would cross a “red line” that would prompt a more resolute American response.
Many schools have adopted honor codes — which students usually must sign, and sometimes are even reiterated on exams — and have students take part in judging one another’s conduct.
American officials argued that it would preclude Iran from shortening the time it would need to produce enough bomb-grade uranium for a nuclear device even further, and would provide additional warning if Iran sought to “break out” of its commitment to pursue only a peaceful nuclear program.
But at Johns Hopkins, which annually performs more than 60 cochlear implantations on patients over age 60, about 6 percent of patients complain of dizziness after a month and have to work with physical therapists to strengthen their balance.
Until now, it has held up better.
He was maintaining possession in tight spaces, combining well with Beasley on the left side, and even playing defense.
If you have the budget, try to find a cassette deck that is in great shape and that has a steady motor.
Clubs in the richer leagues — in England, Spain and Italy, for example — now have defibrillator, heart resuscitation machines, on hand in case of sudden collapse.
Dec. 13 at 7 p.m.
But there it was; hovering like a giant blood-filled tick not far above the city’s tallest buildings.
Mohegan Sun, 1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard.
“I am everyone’s mother,” she told me while looking at the pictures of her slain children and other relatives that hung on a wall above where she sat on a small bed.
“Except for openings and Saturdays, no one is there.” He said the meatpacking district’s vitality was overplayed.
“We really felt that we were doing a lot of things well it just wasn’t falling our way.
Then nearly 80 and widowed, she was downsizing from the 4,200 square feet where they had raised their three children.
The game was decided four minutes into the second half when Ba hooked the ball over goalkeeper David De Gea.
To be sure, “it amounted to little more than tapping the balls back and forth,” but it was America’s discovery of net play.
The fact that the robbery happened to take place on Mr. Biggs’s birthday also did not hurt.
Gameplay involves clicks to navigate through a basic but timely story, with the occasional interruption of a forgettable line-drawing puzzle.
We introduced the idea of doing a Epic Romeo and Juliet Project to the students, and they were excited.
So the week of the first class I carried my students’ papers into the car, nestled into my seat and, to my dismay, got work done.
The declines are more significant when it comes to cats.
Nick Foligno scored the game-winning goal with 1 minute 31 seconds left when Ryan Johansen’s shot went in off his skate, giving the host Columbus Blue Jackets a 5-4 victory over the Devils on Tuesday night.
“The whole thing started off very badly,” said Valérie Marty, president of the Federation of Parents of Public Schoolchildren, France’s largest parents’ association.
The top prospects Tyler Austin and Slade Heathcott will not compete for the open spot, Girardi said.
Other impassioned volunteers included Peter and Susan Restler, the parents of Lincoln Restler, a founder of the New Kings Democrats , the liberal political club that is made up of young Obama supporters and that backed Mr. Reynoso.
Grounds for Sculpture, 18 Fairgrounds Road.
But after returning to private life, he and his wife decided to build a fallout shelter at their home in Maryland.
The unnerving truth, which the Red Edge team and other younger conservatives worry that their leaders have yet to appreciate, is that the Republican Party’s technological deficiencies barely begin to explain why the G.O.P.
“Do you think he did it?” Bush asked.
He described how spring was in bloom, how baseball fans headed to Fenway Park to see the Red Sox and how runners set out on the marathon course.
Mr. Abbott’s job is to defend the state’s maps.
Remembering all that, of course, can be tough when Congress seems set on steering the country off a cliff.
The 20th century may have had uniquely rapid warming, but we would need higher resolution data to draw that conclusion with any certainty.
In the third S-1, it said, “This estimate is based on an internal review of a sample of accounts and we apply significant judgment in making this determination.” Twitter also added geographical data that seemed significant.
On Saturday, when Chris Kyle, a retired Navy SEAL sniper, parked his truck outside Eddie Ray Routh’s house in this Dallas suburb, the two men were virtual strangers.
We met during the Reagan administration and have often found ourselves on opposite sides of political battles.
Crazy lines and cartoonish exaggeration characterize the little orange car, Venucia’s second E.V.
An occasional treat won’t hurt them, but working yourself to a frazzle will surely hurt you.
When his son brought in his bagpipes, two types of fungi — rhodotorula and fusarium — were cultured.
Industry executives, as well as authors of recently published Simon & Schuster books and their agents, say that Barnes & Noble has reduced book orders greatly, to almost nothing in the case of some lesser-known writers.
“is emerging as the global private equity winner in Asia,” Bloomberg News writes.
At least 1,000 other pilgrims were evacuated from hotels in the city center, according to Mr. Artiganave; floodwaters had swelled to “centennial” levels and reached the second story of some hotels along the banks of the Gave de Pau, Mr. Artiganave told the Paris newspaper Le Figaro.
Ever since the futurist Alvin Toffler painted utopian images of the “electronic cottage” in his 1980 book, “The Third Wave,” professionals have imagined trading committee meetings and soul-crushing commutes for a life of self-directed fulfillment.
Then, as quickly as he’d appeared, he plopped into the water — galumph!
The blast, traced to a crack in a cast-iron gas main, flattened a pair of row houses and set fire to a block of homes.
During Raj Rajaratnam’s trial, prosecutors played several wiretapped conversations between the two brothers.
Now the state produces a mind-boggling 350 million pounds of mushrooms a year, roughly 65 percent of the nation’s total.
While Apple is increasingly associated with high-end brands like Gucci and Ferrari, analysts warn that the American tech company also must expand into the wider consumer market where it increasingly faces competition from the likes of Google and other manufacturers of low-cost Android phones .
(Isherwood) Off Broadway ‘According to Goldman’ The more promising their script becomes, the more two screenwriters find their partnership is at risk in this play produced by Theater Breaking Through Barriers (1:45).
And I think we convinced them we were moving in the right direction — General Kayani [Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, the Pakistani Army chief] told me face to face, “I think you’ve got the right strategy now.” Q.
Under the decree, the state is required to give all but the most severely ill residents the option of moving into such housing.
“Custodian.” The dispatcher said, “Tell them you’re on the phone with me,” and Mr. Thorne said, “I’m on the phone with dispatch.” The dispatcher asked him to ask the officer about victims.
The BMW Buggy is available in black, silver and blue for $385.
Farfalle With Roasted Peppers, Peas, Feta and Yogurt: A pasta and yogurt dish inspired by recipes from Greece and Turkey.
He has hit three consecutive 3-pointers and provided all the points in a 9-1 run that has cut Michigan’s lead to four with a bit under two minutes left in the first half.
John Jay High School, 60 North Salem Road.
The legal trouble at Mt.Gox sent a shiver through the market as did S.E.C.
The price of a routine office visit to a primary care doctor rose 8 percent.
Louis Armstrong House Museum Holiday Tours (Tuesday through Dec. 29) Rare versions of holiday songs and stories recorded by Armstrong in the den of his Queens home can be heard during this house tour.
Since her divorce eight years ago, she has been paring down her belongings, editing and pruning in a series of moves.
He has praised the “charisma” of Osama bin Laden.
“On weekends,” Fitzgerald wrote, “his Rolls-Royce became an omnibus, bearing parties to and from the city between nine in the morning and long past midnight …” The Rolls most likely would have been a 1922 Silver Ghost, which was grandiose enough to serve as a bus.
Jimmy James, a cream-colored Afghan hound, had his long hair bound with plastic and rubber bands as he headed into the arena.
“These moments are really good for television, because as a storyteller you want to attack and break up those conventions the audience has in their minds.” The producer Terence Winter knew his character Jimmy Darmody (played by Michael Pitt) was a hit with fans of HBO’s “Boardwalk Empire,” but he decided, for the credibility of the story, he had to be gunned down.
But what would most help that dining room right now is a crowd.
Republicans are underrepresented in the Assembly and Democrats are underrepresented in the Senate.
They did what they did.” Ms. Ewell replied, nodding in agreement: “I know, I know.
(High Dynamic Range) photography comes in.
The company is also taking $5,000 deposits for a 2014 model.
Mr. Rehn said that because Italian public debt was so high — it is expected to reach 132.2 percent next year — the country would need to stay the course on austerity even if he removed the country from the commission’s deficit watch list, known as the Excessive Deficit Procedure, later this month.
“But if you don’t say anything, patients are going to assume that this is something that needs to be fixed.”
SPORTS An article in some copies on Thursday about the Yankees’ 6-5 loss to the Chicago White Sox in 12 innings referred incorrectly to the game-winning hit by Alejandro De Aza.
One plant, Quality Record Pressings , in Salina, Kan., opened in 2011 after its owner, Chad Kassem, grew impatient with delays at a larger plant where his own line of blues reissues was being pressed.
The foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, spoke by telephone with the United Nations special envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, and warned that an attack would “only lead to the further destabilization of the situation in the country and the region,” according to a statement posted by the Foreign Ministry.
The problem is that most girls — and boys — decide they don’t like math and science before those subjects reveal their true beauty, a condition worsened by the unimaginative ways in which science and math are taught.
We, the visitors, are the actors.
“You are rainbows in my clouds,” she said.
By more fully engaging vetted units and training them to respect the law of armed conflict, protect critical infrastructure and secure dangerous weapons sites, America can make a down payment on Syria’s future by building relationships with future partners.
A 30-year-old man was grazed in the leg by a bullet early Monday during a drive-by shooting in West Valley, Utah.
Next comes the seafood course, which has been known to include grilled octopus tentacles, skewered calamari and curried sea bass fillets.
If you’re solving on paper, make sure you have a good ERASER to EASE your way.
But with so much money tied up in elite pitchers, caution and pitch counts rule the day.
“I’ve always liked his slider, but his split-finger has really come on in the last couple of seasons,” the scout said.
In those cold-war-era meetings, the sides usually exchanged invectives and retorts.
Dr. Howe and his brother Roger started the company in 2005 after a sister-in-law received stem cells in Russia for a spinal cord injury.
Elle Fanning is Ruth, their 4-year-old daughter, whose arrival was meant to help alleviate their grief.
The concept was to produce body-conscious clothes, but not in a sexual or obvious way.
Before I left, Nirmal handed me a new iPad.
Sure, the feisty Tess (Ellie Piercy), the play’s astrophysicist-heroine, can engage with a life of the mind.
The proper instruments are a two-pronged fork and a forceps.
Other mental health experts said both were delusions.
She referred frequently to the need for balance between exploitation of federal lands for resource extraction and preservation of wilderness.
Mr. Zimmer said he believed the real opposition from taxi companies was not about customer safety, but fear of competition.
■ Marcus Fraser shot a four-under 68, giving him a one-stroke lead at the Italian Open in Turin.
Its owners are at odds over the future of the service, and its founding chief executive, Jason Kilar, will leave later this winter.
“It is hard for them to put me in jail.” Many intellectuals and writers, including the Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk , have faced similar charges in recent years, prompting heavy international criticism of Turkey’s record on freedom of speech and human rights.
Elisa Contemporary Art, 5622 Mosholu Avenue.
“The findings show there were 10 instances in the course of five years where there was not enough documentation to know for certain if staff confirmed there was housing/shelter and supportive services at the destination,” she said.
The insurgents’ record for durability is mixed.
Justice Ginsburg concluded that Monday’s two employment-related decisions “should prompt yet another Civil Rights Restoration Act,” a 1987 law that in effect overturned several Supreme Court rulings.
The division that invests in debt posted a $46 million profit, up 59 percent, as the firm continued to benefit from frothy credit markets and institutions selling off their holdings of distressed assets at discounted prices.
Japan also hosted the 2002 World Cup with South Korea and has repeatedly shown it can organize the world’s largest sporting events.
Mr. Corker, asserting that low interest rates were “throwing seniors under the bus,” by reducing returns on some kinds of investments, asked Mr. Bernanke, “Do you all ever talk about the longer-term degrading effect of these policies?” “One thing we talk about is unemployment,” Mr. Bernanke responded.
Those countries see advantages in opening up protected and potentially lucrative sectors like transporting goods along the U.S. coastline, and opening American government procurement markets at both the federal and state levels.
It would be, he suggested, “a clear message to the elite of Silicon Valley or the fashionistas of Beijing that London is the place they should come to develop ideas, build new businesses and be part of an epicenter for global talent.” The numbers being discussed are small — of the 1,000 visas the government currently sets aside for “exceptional talent,” Mr. Johnson wants 100 reserved for London.
There are ways to help rebel-controlled territory in the way of aid and food, and I think it’s important for journalists and the readers alike to really focus on the humanitarian side of this as well as the combat.
The work integrates the Minimalist chug of his early years into a broad, weighty span of styles and moods.
But when somebody wants to give you $11.5 million in the middle of the winter, sometimes you listen.” According to John Gicking, a vice president and brokerage manager of Sotheby’s East Hampton office, “The luxury property sales, which to us means $10 million and over, went up 60 percent in the last year, and we’re also seeing a lot of private sales, where we’re asked to market properties quietly and make discreet inquiries.
On the last point, it was hard to sympathize.
What’s an example of where you think Mitch McConnell has put party before country?
“And this time, they really have to capitalize on it.” Protection to Openness For most of the 20th century, Mexico kept the world at arm’s length.
Polenta is basically cornmeal mush, and you can make it with any kind of cornmeal.
For an older smoker, the cost of the full penalty could be prohibitive.
Still, distributing films is a “what-have-you-done-lately-business,” he said.
On Saturdays only, families can also take part in an introduction to birdwatching at noon.
The Fed will approve what a bank proposes only if it thinks that minimum levels of bank capital would be preserved under the severe stress test.
As The Times’s Chief Washington Correspondent Carl Hulse tweeted, Judge Richard J. Leon was nominated to the bench by President George W. Bush on the “notable date” of Sept. 10, 2001 — the eve of the day that reshaped the American psyche, sometimes in unsettling ways that erred on the side of security rather than the values that make America.
Disease struck Ms. Melendez when she was 10 years old.
One day I was surprised to receive an email from a group of compatriots who read my blog in Papua New Guinea.
“The number of potential cases where this could apply is microscopic,” he said in an interview.
Ms. Filippetti has lately been deluged with criticism, much of it vague, for lacking leadership, imagination and vision.
The auction for the M26, which RK Motors Collector Car Auctions, the company selling the car, said is powered by a 485-horsepower Ford Cosworth DFV 90-degree V-8 and has a top speed of 195 miles per hour, will be in Charlotte, N.C., from Oct. 31 to Nov. 3.
Bitcoins have appreciated more than 700 percent since this time last year — an increase some have compared to a bubble bound to burst.
Shubert Theater, 225 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
The blasts, which caused damage but no casualties, were the latest signs of insecurity in Benghazi, the birthplace of the uprising that toppled Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi in 2011.
“The shutdown really epitomizes it.
Jacob J. Lew , the Treasury secretary, speaks at the Economic Club of Washington at 7:45 a.m. James Chanos , the president of Kynikos Associates, is on Bloomberg TV at 11 a.m. Jack Dorsey , the Twitter co-founder, is on Bloomberg TV at 6 p.m.
A key to precisely how the five different sections of the production were created appears in the program, but it’s probably more fun not to know.
The attackers behind the siege of the Westgate shopping mall that left more than 60 people dead in September had been living in Nairobi and plotted the attack for several months, a Western official briefed on the investigation said Monday.
As formulated by both Jewish- and Palestinian-Israeli activists on this issue, a truly democratic state that fully respects the self-determination rights of everyone under its sovereignty must be a “state of all its citizens.” This fundamental point exposes the fallacy behind the common analogy, drawn by defenders of Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state, between Israel’s right to be Jewish and France’s right to be French.
But on Wednesday, a member of the I.M.F.’s board who represents Brazil and 10 other countries broke that silence by issuing an unusual and refreshingly candid statement.
He is Dan Girardi, not Henrik Lundqvist.
PURCHASE Brentano String Quartet, chamber.
But the initial burst of transactions, starting on draft night and continuing into the start of free agency on Monday, suggest a shift in New York’s basketball power structure, with the Nets rising and the Knicks wobbling.
Prison guards in Santa Catarina, however, have said that the authorities overseeing the system are trying to shift responsibility to guards even though prisons are increasingly overcrowded and understaffed.
As also happens in Maggie Shipstead’s sharper novel, “Seating Arrangements,” a family gathers for a ceremony, and over the course of several days the players gain a new understanding of themselves.
a potty seat or chair, write his name on the potty, and encourage him to play with it.
Kelly, who missed the previous 13 games with a right foot injury, including that blowout loss at Miami, had a career-high 36 points in his return.
“It all began when I bought two goats to amuse my grandkids,” she said as we walked through a barn where she greeted some goats by name.
But in an indication of the difficulty of striking and keeping such pacts in an atmosphere of deep mistrust, by Thursday evening no food had been delivered, rebels in the town were being accused by comrades elsewhere of striking a deal for money, and the planned 48-hour cease-fire appeared to be threatened by clashes between government and rebel fighters.
“Today’s guilty plea is a watershed moment in our efforts to hold to account both the individuals and the banks — wherever they may be in the world — who are engaging in unlawful conduct that deprives the U.S. Treasury of billions of dollars of tax revenue.” Mr. Bharara’s office had also brought an indictment against three Wegelin executives last year, but they are expected to avoid facing the charges because a treaty between Switzerland and the United States does not provide for extradition of Swiss individuals for tax crimes.
That seemed to echo the early public sentiment from many former players with degenerative diseases: their time may be short, and the settlement ensures some compensation without a long legal battle.
“The benefit of 20 small galleries that have stayed authentic is death by a thousand cuts to the big megagalleries.
When the Yankees traded for Vernon Wells in late March, after a rash of injuries to their everyday lineup, it seemed as if they had put a price on their desperation: $13.9 million.
; I regularly diagnose and treat it in adults.
Scant progress in tackling labor market rigidities and a deep divide between well-protected regular workers and a growing army of temporary and part-time staff tops the disappointment list.
The ruling was a sign that the Supreme Court’s decision in June declaring that human genes may not be patented because they are products of nature could make it more difficult to patent diagnostic techniques.
So-called aid in dying will look different in Vermont than elsewhere, because of an 11th-hour compromise required to win over two state senators who initially voted for the proposed law, then changed their positions.
According to the World Bank, India’s under-5 child mortality rate in 2012 was 56 deaths per 1,000, far short of the country’s goal of reducing child mortality to 39 per 1,000 by 2015.
Last month, Mr. Bewley and Mr. Lewis talked about their livelihood: DANIEL VAUGHN So how did you get into the business?
The artwork “The Fragility of Time 2” (2010), by Ignacio Canales Aracil, made with flowers collected from Pembroke Lodge in London’s Richmond Park.
There is a feeling that in recent time they came, especially Tamerlan, became more devout?
McKenna Theater, 1 Hawk Drive.
KINNEAR People told me that we’d go mad.
An undercover officer then started buying crystal meth from Monsignor Wallin, who would sell it at his Waterbury apartment or hide it in a magazine and hand it over in parking lots.
Wednesdays through Sundays from noon to 6 p.m.; 39 Battery Place, Lower Manhattan, (212) 968-1961, skyscraper.org; $5, $2.50 for students and 65+.
They offer lucrative information every time they provide their e-mail address to a dressmaker or a doctor, and even when they give their ZIP code at the checkout counter.
Jill Furillo, executive director of the New York State Nurses Association, said residents of public housing in nearby Red Hook needed the hospital.
Alexandra Buck McCullagh and Riley Sutthoff Newman were married Saturday at Grace Cathedral in San Francisco.
Koreans are as obsessed with image and aging as Westerners, and plastic surgery borders on national pastime.
“I do have a few concerns and questions,” one JPMorgan employee wrote in February 2006 after studying some of Mr. Madoff’s trading records, according to an e-mail cited in the lawsuit.
Then she ran into him again at a party for Rachel Sklar’s Web community TheLi.st , which she called “Skull and Bones for women.” Mr. Levy followed up with another invitation, and this time Ms. London thought “what the heck.” Mr. Levy works in digital marketing at the publishing company Rodale, and lives in the five-bedroom apartment where he grew up.
“It’s the tenants themselves who are overwhelming the system because when they get a ruling they don’t like, they either appeal the decision or find another judge who issues an injunction against the enforcement of the first decision,” he said.
But it’s fun to be out there, and feel the adrenaline, feel the crowd – it’s a little nervous as well.
“Tree of youth” were the words that Rei Kawakubo used to define her Comme des Garçons collection.
Leonard Tarloff said that he repeatedly tried to place his son in an adult home for the mentally ill, but that David would not agree.
While thousands of Americans are trying to sign up for insurance on the exchanges, Medicare counselors like Semanthie Brooks, who spoke at the meeting Monday in Euclid, are trying to steer seniors away.
The Holocene thermal maximum 10,000 years ago was [also] thought to be the Northern Hemisphere at first.
At that time, bankers and lawyers for the two companies were still negotiating the final language of the merger agreement.
He retains an ability to veto creditor proposals.
settled on an agreement: the data from both studies should be stored in the institutes’ database of genotypes and phenotypes .
Honeycombs have meanwhile informed the design of HOK’s commercial tower in New Songdo City, South Korea.
“But that’s what it took our union to get justice, and that’s what it’s going to take our city to get back on track.” Ms. Quinn, when she took the stage, suggested that her recent setbacks were just part of a long history of women’s struggles to achieve power.
But clutching too tightly to a single economy can be risky.
HSBC and Ally Financial have been in discussions with regulators on similar settlements but have yet to reach deals.
Can you do it?’ ” He was back in Atlanta the next day, spending most of it watching his sister, a sophomore at Clark Atlanta University, compete at an outdoor track meet.
On May 11, Wigan Athletic, a minnow in England’s star-heavy Premier League, stunned the soccer world by winning the F.A.
In 2012, he struggled to raise a new fund.
“ The offering would catapult the Malkin family into the elite of Manhattan real estate , valuing their stake at an estimated $730 million and installing Anthony Malkin as chairman of a major new company, Empire State Realty Trust.” “But standing in their way is an eclectic group of dissenters led by the California businessman Richard Edelman and Andrew S. Penson, a speculative investor who owns Grand Central Terminal.” The hostility has surprised even some longtime observers of the industry.
At first blush, it seems likely that the panel will order Shuanghui to adopt protections to prevent the transfer of technology or of control over certain parts of the business dealing with the government, but that is probably all.
Next week, Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, the majority leader, will push legislation to move political convention funding to pediatric health research — a small part of a broader agenda to boost the Republican Party’s appeal to women and minority voters that has largely stalled.
Salman Masood and Declan Walsh report.
“We went to the sauna and he went all quiet and really concentrates on being the sauna,” Mr. Hujanen said.
The league, owned by Zuffa L.L.C., based in Las Vegas, struggled for years to broker a television deal.
Officials said a number of insurgents had been killed in the raids but could not say how many.
HUNTINGTON “Paperworks 2013 Winners Exhibition,” group show.
— The brittle, research-obsessed doctor who can muster less humor and bedside compassion than an IV pole.
Take a few minutes to solicit responses from the class and summarize them.
That would seem to contradict the investing adage of “buy low and sell high,” James B. Stewart writes in his column for The New York Times .
When she later appeared onstage, Sam Roeck, another performer with a rape story, joined her.
She became the first American woman to be an astronaut, in June 1983; she was not the first female astronaut.
His refusal to budge – from the chairs of a comfortably appointed London hotel room in the first act and a squalid room in Naples in the second – is a refusal to enter or acknowledge a world he feels is unpardonably vulgar, hypocritical and cruel.
“I was a ticking time bomb,” Mr. John told the tabloid .
A 41-year-old man knocked on the motel room door of a 49-year-old man in Denison, Tex., Sunday night and shot him three times, killing him.
In a sign of a worsening humanitarian crisis inside Syria, the United Nations agency for Palestinian refugees, Unrwa, said Monday that 15 Palestinians had died of malnutrition in Yarmouk Camp on the southern border of the capital, Damascus, including five in recent days.
PLUGGING IN I jump in the shower, get dressed, and do things I never did 30 years ago: I check email to see who’s looking for me, if anybody.
But one of the challenges, as I said in the speech, is that there’s almost a kneejerk habit right now that if I’m for it, then they’ve got to be against it.
BIG BREAK About five years ago, Al Moran, a founder of OHWOW, an art space and publishing company, discovered Mr. Preston’s blog , which featured candid shots of cool kids on street corners, and offered him the chance to turn it into a glossy coffee table book.
One night, we were strolling down Kingsbridge Road, my wife next to the street, when a car drove up beside us.
The app is free on iOS .
In an opinion article in The New York Times in January, Olivia Judson wrote about the Google calendar she and her brother shared “to better cope” with their father’s decline.
In particular, Mr. Hessel’s diatribe took aim at France’s treatment of illegal immigrants, the influence on the news media by the rich, the shrinking social safety net and, especially, Israel’s treatment of the Palestinians.
“Sunshine is the best disinfectant,” he said, a phrase that he said had guided him throughout his project.
Youth unemployment has surged to nearly 58 percent.
The buildingwide show at PS1 is “Dark Optimism,” an appropriately oxymoronic title.
Class offerings have more than doubled, to at least 86 a week, since the studio opened.
Thursday night was a big party night for Paris Fashion Week, and the multitudes of editors made their way through St.-Germain from the Lanvin show to the Moncler dinner in hopes of finding a morsel of food: An hors d’oeuvre.
But Mayor Vincent C. Gray on Wednesday declared all of the district’s government operations “essential,” and told the White House that all employees would continue to work even if Congress could not reach an agreement on the spending bill by Monday, the end of the fiscal year.
The night solidified around “Emmett Till: Defiant, Fearless,” a 20-minute suite alternately using the jazz quartet, the strings and all the musicians together.
Our representatives and their predecessors passed the bills and authorized the spending that got us to this place.
The performers sing parts of it — a marvelous effect.
She wants her committee to conduct its own review.
At her dormitory, the school’s football team did a few chest bumps, cheerfully emptying everything in the S.U.V.
schools had double-digit percent increases in their application totals.
It was also not clear if any maintenance was under way or how long the fire had been burning, though it was intense enough to burn the top of the fuselage near the tail.
Alicia Scherson’s movie “The Future” (Friday at 9:15 p.m. and Tuesday at 8:15 p.m.) is the first feature adaption of a literary work by Roberto Bolaño; Mercedes Moncada’s “Magical Words” offers a look at Nicaragua since the 1979 revolution from a personal perspective (July 19 at 6:30 p.m. and July 21 at 1:30 p.m.).
“I was probably in disbelief and somewhat shocked.
Mr. Murray may be benefiting from his sexual orientation as well.
She tells me that she loves these medical mysteries and, when she can, sits in when her husband presents difficult cases to his residents.
But each still needs to learn the ropes.
Ahead by 15-14 with 52.9 seconds left, Duke’s Brendan Fowler won a crucial face-off, and Jordan Wolf scored 14 seconds later to send the Blue Devils into the title game for the first time since 2010.
Now it is in opposition again, a role that sits more easily with its historical self-image as a bulwark against oppression.
We want to keep the momentum and keep building that consistency going into every game.
The bill, called the Dream Act, borrows its name from a piece of federal legislation, stalled in Congress, that provides a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants.
Sargent was modern in another, broader way if you consider the impulse to find freedom from constraint as a fundamental drive of 20th-century art.
In a telephone interview from El Salvador Monday, Mr. Bonderer said that Mr. Edwards had always talked about a plan that centered on a law practice, his children and his efforts to close the gap between what he called in his campaigns the “two Americas.” He said that Mr. Edwards always knew the road back would not be easy.
Many countries allow you to purchase passes that get you discount rail tickets, but whether those make financial sense to short-term travelers varies greatly.
The special representative of the United Nations secretary general for Somalia, Nicholas Kay, congratulated the new prime minister on his appointment.
A movie theater and an outlet mall are nearby.
The fear of a hostile bid forced directors and executives to take hard measures to increase a company’s stock price and performance.
In 1977, Frommer’s was sold to Simon & Schuster and later acquired by John Wiley & Sons.
I got the salary I asked for.
“It was critically important that Guy stay in the job,” said Mr. Bennet, now reunited with Mr. Cecil, the former chief of staff who spent the last months of his 2010 campaign sleeping in the senator’s Colorado basement.
These pictures will be posted on Instagram, where she has 58,173 followers.
In fact, we’re in for a treat today.
He back to his office to enlist help in figuring out who she was.
When the boom is opened on an unpaired Motion, it looks for a device to link with.
She became an intern at Critical Correspondence, an online journal run by the contemporary dance laboratory Movement Research, and danced for the young choreographer Jen Rosenblit at Dance Theater Workshop’s low-key Studio Series.
They ended up trying to do just that, and brought the market down.
Maryland was rife with hysterical personalities and opportunities for elaborate, shifting and improbable alliances.
“We’re wasting taxpayer dollars when we say we’re just going to leave this campus and build an entirely new facility 60 miles away that the vets don’t want in the area, the congressional delegation doesn’t want, but the V.A.
Even so, the bank’s shares still trade just below book value, a figure that essentially represents what the disparate parts should fetch if sold off.
It is the rare Catalonian specialty that somehow evolved without requiring meat: roasted eggplant and red pepper, usually with tomato and onion, frequently topped with a disk of heated goat cheese and often draped over toast.
Maggie Gyllenhaal plays Rachel Dawes, the mutual love interest of Dent and Bruce Wayne.
“The co-op should also be named as an ‘additional insured’ under the contractors’ policies,” he said.
“We had them in our grasp,” Lincoln wailed, “We had only to stretch forth our hands & they were ours.” Lincoln eventually managed to choke out a thank-you message to Meade, assuring the touchy general how “very — very — grateful” he was “for the magnificent success you gave the cause of the country at Gettysburg.” But eight months later, Lincoln effectively superseded Meade by bringing Ulysses S. Grant from the western theater of the war and making Grant general in chief of the Union armies.
Cup match against Southampton.” The uncertainty cannot have helped Chelsea, which lost after a four-game winning streak.
Officials who not so long ago would have thought it imprudent to criticize American politics spoke out.
When they turn themselves into a bridge for other ants, which they do often, they scramble to quickly repair breaks in any damage to the structure.
Did you or anyone in your administration block those subpoenas?
One poster read, “I am a Self-Aware Woman, I Will Not Be Deceived by the Empty Slogans of the West.” “This law is not only against Islamic values; it is also against all other ethical values,” one protester, Saida Hafiz, said to a crowd of about 200 young women and children assembled in the room.
“That, obviously, gives your offense more opportunities and, really, some better opportunities with field position.” Weather conditions are likely to pose as much of a challenge to ball carriers as the prying hands of defenders are.
They wanted to show you how much they knew of the jazz tradition and how authoritatively they could play it.
$5 and $10; members and under 12, free.
His average has dipped from .315 at the break to .304.
But the rulings did not bar docks entirely as a rights violation.
That’s when they’re not seeking out pain, the thing that helps them feel alive.
“But it won’t be made public.
That nearly all the catalogs in this last section are illustrated with shells — and were often valuable for naming or describing new species — balances the captions’ account of the sales of various collections by evoking the awe-inspiring natural beauty so basic to the Wunderkammer craze.
“For Abe, this would be an important step toward normalizing Japan and its military.” The changes in the defense report would continue a broader shift in military strategy begun under an opposition government three years ago that ended Japan’s cold-war-era focus on fending off a Russian invasion from the north in favor of developing a more dynamic air-sea capability to defend its far-flung islands to the south.
May 2005: Neiman Marcus for $5.2 billion | TPG Capital and Warburg Pincus agreed to buy Neiman Marcus, the luxury retail chain.
But the arrest warrant seemed to represent a sharp escalation of the campaign against Mr. Youssef, with the public prosecutor appointed by Mr. Morsi lending official credence to the complaints.
“The remaining charges are well-established violations of the law of war and among the gravest forms of crime recognized by all civilized peoples.” The current dispute traces back to two tribunal trials from 2008.
STUART BERNSTEIN New York, Aug. 12, 2013 The writer is a literary agent.
“I am not convinced that forcing students to move from their neighborhood elementary school is the best strategy for improving academic outcomes, especially in a district where students attend integrated schools from 6th through 12th grade.” The imbalance was created by a steady increase in black and Hispanic residents on the western side of town, which created another vexing problem for the district: Several schools are now in danger of becoming overcrowded.
These are the women who all too often see promises made by the international community hijacked by deeply embedded cultural norms and national interests.
The Petite Lune retains the Arceau’s signature asymmetrical lugs, but adds some new trappings.
It can’t be a good thing for any coach whose status is tenuous to be dominated start to finish by a team whose coach is considered to be in the same boat.
Why does he try to separate them here?
To his left was State Senator Andrew J. Lanza, a Republican who represents about two-thirds of Staten Island and who endorsed Mr. Catsimatidis in May.
Even these literary gymnastics did not help Hawthorne avoid the opprobrium of his neighbors.
The mood extends beyond the walls of the 44 1/2-acre lot.
Still, the information can be enough to scuttle a job candidate’s chances.
Economic austerity leads inexorably to democratic deficit.
The Knicks (45-26) are in position for their first Atlantic Division title since the 1993-94 season.
As for Ruth herself, well, she is as mysteriously intangible and universal as Nao is vivid and distinct.
Anthem, but there’s pain and for kids like us, we related to it.
I finally get upgraded to first and sitting next to me is Kim Jong-un who won’t shut up about how Dennis Rodman won’t return his calls and he can’t understand it because he thought they really hit it off.” I love those stories.
My wife also worked at Apple.
I would be a terrible musician if I couldn’t put myself in the mind of a composer who lived in a different time, a different place.
Mohegan Sun, 1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard.
[ 7:26 p.m. | Updated | Much more background on the administration’s energy and climate policies has been distributed now.]
“Precursor chemicals have not gotten the same attention as the nuclear trade,” said one Congressional expert, who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to talk about investigative findings.
But the Liberal Democrats must tread carefully to avoid compromising the independence of the new regulator, which is struggling to build credibility with a public whose faith in nuclear power was shaken after meltdowns at Tokyo Electric Power’s Fukushima Daiichi plant.
Pure argan oil, responsibly sourced from Morocco, is the key ingredient in all of the products made by the New York organic skin care line Kahina Giving Beauty , founded five years ago by Katharine L’Heureux.
It may not have helped that Thompson, who was born and reared primarily in Canada, had entered the league at 20 years old – a full calendar year ahead of many of his fellow draftees.
Television footage showed Ms. Sandiford sobbing.
George Scott, whose slugging and sharp fielding at first base helped propel the Boston Red Sox to their 1967 “Impossible Dream” American League pennant, died on Sunday in Greenville, Miss.
Other researchers , however, argue that people may feel as if they have more control, not less, if there is a reward at stake, particularly if it’s connected to doing something well.
He cautioned that allowing Ms. Jackson’s claim to proceed would “serve to conscript federal courts as human-resources departments that are responsible for imposing and monitoring a federally created standard for harmony in the workplace.” Judge Moore’s order does not affect Ms. Jackson’s sexual harassment allegations in the lawsuit, which focus on the conduct of Ms. Deen’s brother, Earl W. Hiers, known as Bubba.
Such was the case with an appetizer of ginger-fried calamari.
Where stadiums and arenas are the most prominent structures on campus and where what goes on inside them has nothing to do with the academic missions of the universities that build them?
The author David Mamet is referenced in Elaine’s Coffee Call, a coffee shop in the lobby that was named for the telephone operator who called the budding playwright nightly to inquire whether he wanted coffee or tea.
Roc Nation Sports is the newest arm of Roc Nation, Jay-Z’s “full-service entertainment company” that has quickly built a strong reputation representing artists like Rihanna, Shakira and M.I.A.
Legislation cannot be made on the basis of popular opinion.”
The Rangers were the league’s least-penalized team last season, but they racked up 26 minutes’ worth in the first.
The area’s new importance brought with it loyalist militias, criminal opportunities and sectarian troubles.
“The way the routes were withdrawn was systematic and looked as if individual providers were cut off one after another,” said Matthew Prince, the founder of Cloudflare, a San Francisco start-up that distributes large volumes of traffic across the Internet.
MICHAEL CURRY Austin, Tex., June 15, 2013 To the Editor: It is not entirely surprising to hear that Bill Clinton was among those coaxing President Obama to intervene more decisively in the Syrian civil war.
Band Of Misfits,” Peter Lord In a year when the animation branch of the Academy highlighted three smaller stop-motion films , it is still the two digital blockbusters from Disney (“Wreck-It Ralph”) and Pixar (“Brave”) that lead the race, but the margin between them is pixel slim.
The award Mr. Harrison received, recognizing his financial leadership and charitable work, was named for Mr. Whitehead, who is 90.
A loud eruption from Rangers fans in an opponent’s building surprised Nash, who had toiled nine seasons with the often cellar-dwelling Columbus Blue Jackets before his 2012 trade to the Rangers.
On the other side, conservative politicians and religious groups urged the Boy Scouts to continue with the longstanding policy of ejecting boys and dismissing leaders who were openly gay.
It also has no lavender: $15 for a four-ounce jar; $45 for a set of the three spices, each in a four-ounce jar, plus recipe cards; $72 for two-ounce sizes packed in a signed wooden gift box from La Boîte, 724 11th Avenue (51st Street), (212) 247-4407, laboiteny.com.
“People are starting to understand that that just by calling someone an enemy combatant doesn’t make them an enemy combatant.
He looked confused and irritated, as if his rheumy eyes failed to register the faces of the top leaders of the African National Congress who came to see him last month, even though he had known them for decades.
Eight of the 26 N.H.L.
Police released few other details.
Because they are precise enough to show the slightest effect that gravity would have on the oscillation of their atoms, they could be used to test gravitational theories, including Einstein’s.
The classical players have lost that hauteur, because it didn’t work.
I think this will settle down in a while.
Were you also for the rampant privatizations of the 1990s that turned a few insiders into millionaires and millions of Russians into paupers?
“It was, but I honestly didn’t feel it that much.
Why do you think that is?
And as they emerged from beneath the sheets, there was something deeply touching about the undisguised ordinariness of them.
The machines represent the future, he said, and “for the cost of a laptop” they offer “an education in manufacturing.” Still, at $2,200, a Replicator 2 costs more than most laptops, and in this sluggish economy, one imagines families could find more essential uses for that money.
National Geographic Traveler : Chicken potpie.
In the garden of his country estate, Darwin built a dovecote.
Did Michael’s blindness lead him to perceive things that other men hadn’t noticed?
According to the report, Mr. Provopoulos allowed the businessman, Lavrentis Lavrentiadis, to enter into a deal with Mr. Provopoulos’s former employer, Piraeus Bank, at a vastly inflated price.
State Department officials, including then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , have testified before Congress, and an independent inquiry determined there were serious security failures .
It’s detailed with removable pompoms and roomy enough for a long beach day.
listening in on ordinary Europeans is perfectly legal under United States law; the agency is prohibited only from snooping on Americans without court authorization.
As is : This is the standard record entry, consisting only of an encoded key, the stored value and a timestamp.
Santa Clarita, Calif., $65 million of community college general obligation bonds.
I’d eventually make it to the top, where I’d sit on a bench and watch the sun settle into an unmade bed of mountains rumpling toward the horizon.
Other corporate law firms have also embraced the work, including Schulte Roth & Zabel; Katten Muchin Rosenman; and McDermott Will & Emery.
“I’ve loved working with Lew,” he said.
She didn’t know yet that Brooke would end up a quadriplegic, paralyzed from the shoulders down.
It wasn’t just bringing up something from the back burner, which I’m sort of doing now.” This year’s concert, with Ms. Stern-Wolfe accompanying singers on piano, will precede a screening of a documentary film about the concert series, “All the Way Through Evening,” made by a young Australian filmmaker named Rohan Spong .
You don’t want to pay 3 percent on every transaction; suddenly the cost of your trip has gone up 3 percent.
The lead budget writers two years ago said the money wasn’t available for everything the state was already doing.
should allocate its resources are “going to be the biggest hurdle he faces at this juncture,” Mr. Mueller said about Mr. Comey.
It did sound sometimes like the singing was underneath the music.
The prize in sports that routinely logs the most miles is hockey’s Stanley Cup.
They are overworked, anonymous to fans, and rarely receive the recognition they deserve for compiling what essentially determines a team’s game plan each week.
The European Union’s recent progress report on Turkey’s membership harshly criticized Mr. Erdogan’s government.
Retaining the title but moving the action from Mexico City to the Catskills, Mr. Mickle transforms a politically charged allegory of social decay into a dreamy commentary on the ravages of extreme religious observance.
As a result, the wines are sometimes lighter in look and feel than those of the Langhe, but they can have a thrilling intensity.
“They’re very masculine.” He also thrilled to an Hermès celestial desk clock with a Jaeger-LeCoultre movement.
He won 9,530 races, more than any other jockey when he retired in 2003, and passed only by Russell Baze since.
Airbus said that the lithium-ion batteries for the A350 were being supplied by Saft, a French company based in Bordeaux.
POMFRET CENTER Sanctuary Walks, guided hikes with naturalists’ lessons.
Woodson spoke admiringly of the Celtics’ firm identity.
But some of Apple’s competitors complain that the big purchases Apple requires from carriers strongly pressure them to devote most of their marketing budgets to the iPhone, leaving little money to promote competing devices, said an executive at one of Apple’s rivals, who declined to be named to avoid jeopardizing carrier relationships.
The tale was greeted with amusement by two celebrated songwriters, Jimmy Webb (“By the Time I Get to Phoenix,” “Wichita Lineman, “Up, Up and Away”) and Desmond Child (“Livin’ la Vida Loca,” “You Give Love a Bad Name,” “Angel”), who were visiting the building with Mr. Robinson and Mr. Hadar.
Bathed in a layer of sweat after going through a series of shooting and dribbling drills, Rose skied above the rim and dunked, eliciting a cheer from the handful of fans who had arrived early.
— NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 Here’s a good look at the degraded pump module from the helmet cam of Rick Mastracchio during today’s #spacewalk: //t.co/6MnKpnNbTx — NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 NASA’s @AstroRM & @AstroIllini turn spacesuit battery power on @ 7:01a ET, marking the start of today’s #spacewalk //t.co/sVABMlphlg — NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 NASA’s @AstroRM & @AstroIllini turn spacesuit battery power on @ 7:01a ET, marking the start of today’s #spacewalk //t.co/sVABMlphlg — NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 Here’s a good look at the degraded pump module from the helmet cam of Rick Mastracchio during today’s #spacewalk: //t.co/6MnKpnNbTx — NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 #Exp38 Wakata & Kotov prep for the #spacewalk in the Quest airlock w suited crew behind them ready for depress: //t.co/z2GjEVMRmM — NASA (@NASA) 21 Dec 13 The astronauts are scheduled to complete fixing the pump on Monday.
Largely unheard from, incidentally, are passengers — probably because passengers have no real public representation in aviation matters.
So does Steve Wampler, the blond, handsome father of two who is the physically challenged focus of the documentary “Wampler’s Ascent.” Mr. Wampler, who has cerebral palsy, decided to train for the climb as a promotional project of his Stephen J. Wampler Foundation , which offers wilderness experiences for children with disabilities.
In the fifth inning, the Yankees scored two runs when Kevin Youkilis’s line drive dipped just under Lawrie’s glove, allowing Jayson Nix and Brett Gardner to score and giving the Yankees a 3-0 lead.
The Metro Nashville Police said the player, Chris Boyd, 21, went to police headquarters after being indicted Friday.
The legal analysis Judge Eagan endorsed echoes the basic arguments that the Obama administration has made in defending the program since it came to light, including in an unsigned Justice Department “ white paper “ it released last month.
SMITHTOWN “Driving Miss Daisy,” by Alfred Uhry.
You can change the melody by adding monsters that sing a bass line or make drum sounds.
You do one interview on the phone to set it up.
I, too, found Obama’s words moving in their emotional warmth and empathy.
So when she went into labor, in May 1961, they hurried from their home in Norwalk, Conn., to a hospital on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
The two spoke with one reseller who had written software that could create up to 100,000 new accounts in five days.
The setting was generic Midtown office building, and possibly even less exciting was a yawning space there filled with rows of straight-back chairs.
¶ Anna, whose Italian family hid in a mountain village where no one knew they were Jewish after the Nazis invaded Rome, and who finally got a bat mitzvah ceremony in the United States at age 60.
Well outside its metal latticework, the odor of crude oil still permeates the air.
8) “Growing Up,” by Russell Baker.
To export to the Asian customers that are the most likely buyers, Mozambique will need huge liquefied natural gas plants for preparing the gas for shipping, as well as other facilities that do not yet exist.
The bill has strong support from environmentalists but opposition from the chemical industry.
In a previous statement, the lawyers said their client was “confident that when a complete and fair reconstruction of these complex events is completed, he will be cleared of any wrongdoing.” But Mr. Martin-Artajo’s team at JPMorgan, according to the criminal complaint against him, stopped recording the value of the bets in a “middle range” in favor of some of the most generous possible figures.
— which is 82 percent owned by British taxpayers after receiving a multibillion-dollar government bailout during the financial crisis — is resisting the guilty plea for the Asian subsidiary, fearful of the potential fallout.
Passion and drive are transferable from topic to topic and place to place, but not from person to person.
The governor of the Bank of England, Mervyn A.
Canada got a nod with “War Witch,” a film shot primarily in Congo about an adolescent girl-soldier trapped in civil war.
My parents were the second wave of pioneers to come into Oregon.
As for the living tree, it’s simply taken for granted, part of Canada’s constitutional DNA.
Ms. Paolella did so, knowing that Ms. Sengupta longed to practice public interest law.
That means no umbrellas — not now, not ever.
His father, a nephrologist, works at the University of Colorado Hospital in Aurora and is a professor of internal medicine at the university’s medical school.
June 2 at 7 a.m. Free.
With strong Republican backing, I should add.
When signing up to the program, each bank has to clarify whether it belongs to category two or three.
The research note stood out for its brevity.
Until your eyes glaze over after about a half-hour, “Machete Kills” might put a twisted smirk of guilty amusement on your face.
Delays and cost overruns have reduced returns to an estimated 7 percent on the giant Kashagan project in Kazakhstan, where Eni was the operator until 2008, according to Bernstein.
They can always order a chef-designed salad, but that still leaves the problem of which dressing to put on it.
The Anti-Defamation League came up with the idea for the collaboration for its “Houston in Concert Against Hate,” an evening honoring Houston-area heroes who have stared down hate, intolerance and extremism.
A person walking along South 15 Avenue (almost certainly unaware of the street name) will go past a series of corners in this order: Checkpoint Corner, Danger Corner and Keep Your Eyes Peeled.
At least one person was shot dead and several were wounded in clashes between security forces and demonstrators after a protest by tens of thousands of opposition supporters in Guinea’s capital, Conakry, on Thursday, government and opposition figures said.
The theme of the match was that debatable bids went unpunished — as in the diagramed deal.
She looked to be in her 40s and was dangerously thin, so I assumed, perhaps incorrectly, that her punishing schedule was connected to an eating disorder.
They should forcefully and publicly condemn Kigali for its links to militant groups in Congo and its undemocratic tendencies at home.
It’s just something that you would never, ever, want to put them through.
It is possible that she believes taking a controversial step toward resolving a longstanding dispute will raise Argentina’s international profile.
I think you can well understand how important that is to me.
Take a snapshot of the view.
checkpoints in a year, as many as 40 percent are frequent travelers, “the same people time and time again,” Mr. Pistole said.
The error was repeated in a picture caption with the continuation of the article.
Avoid Senioritis Like the Plague T. S. Eliot’s words remind us that the manner in which you close out your high school career sets the stage for your college journey.
And how can players rehearse for such feats?
I’d better let Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon take over: We hope we’ve conveyed the gist of this author’s thesis, which is that habitual procrastinators are not lazy do-nothings.
Mr. Meyers was elected to the appeals court in 1992, a time when Republicans began displacing Southern Democrats as the dominant force in Texas politics.
“She was also a partner, very equal.” The Colvilles had been married for 70 years when Mrs. Colville died in December.
“Who wouldn’t start to contemplate riding a bus, and nice ones, as opposed to sitting in your automobile?” The Capital Metro vehicles will be able to use the toll lanes free of charge.
You can move slides, hide them, edit the text on them, edit your speaker notes or run the slide show for practice.
Here, it happened only twice.
She comes from Réunion, a French island in the Indian Ocean.
The PARC technology is based on the ability to use computing and an array of electrodes that generate microscopic electrical fields to control the precise placement of tiny electronic circuits — not just in the correct position, but with the proper orientation as well.
She had been making all these decisions on her own.
“I had noticed immediately that Amy was beautiful,” Mr. Miller said, and he was drawn to her lively and outgoing personality.
“The movers and shakers find and proclaim ‘the next Horowitz,’ then it drips down to the people, with the perfect recording and glossy magazines,” she said.
The reins influence pressure points on the horse’s face for control.
“His schoolteacher just about passed out when he went back after the break,” she said.
There is octopus carpaccio, zucchini carpaccio or heirloom tomato carpaccio, not to mention dessert carpaccios like pineapple or mango.
And this is not only because of disinformation campaigns, as some would assert .
Nothing in the Grand Slam rules prevented Llodra from playing doubles after his retirement in singles once he was given clearance by a doctor on site, the International Tennis Federation said.
Rodriguez noted that exchange to Francesa.
His fictitious Twitter tale of exchanging increasingly hostile notes with a fellow passenger spread rapidly — a compilation of his posts got 5.6 million views.
REBOUNDS P. J. Carlesimo said Keith Bogans, who has not played since Game 2, was not injured but had been removed from the rotation.
In 1995, he helped found Visions, a nonprofit AIDS and H.I.V.
“It’s as though I was not away.
“This is already the hardest show I’ve ever done,” Danny Burstein said, wolfing down a burger and a beer after a recent day of rehearsal for “Talley’s Folly.” It’s tough to take this busy actor entirely seriously — not because Lanford Wilson’s 1979 play isn’t daunting.
It has requested bids for a slower-speed connection to replace it.
Coming Up Mars Exploration: Space Maven NASA is preparing to launch its next Mars explorer on Nov. 18.
LH: Bob does seem like he’d make a swell dad.
Though not all of the debris has been removed, said Marjorie Anders, a spokeswoman for the transit authority, one of the two tracks that serve the area will be open.
IN LEMONADE STAND, TRANSFORMATION OF THE CORPORATION | A 9-year-old girl named Vivienne Harr, one of the three guests of honor who rang the opening bell at Twitter’s debut on the New York Stock Exchange last week, is a revolutionary “who may change the way nonprofits and perhaps even companies are run,” Steven M. Davidoff writes in the Deal Professor column .
Professor DePaulo thinks charging single supplements is ultimately a silly business decision.
“If it isn’t ready soon,” she said, “we will start a newsletter that will go out on sale days as a reminder and will also contain previews and any news or updates.” Ms. White said her goal was to post only things of value to her customers on her fan page.
You want to follow it closely, because its songs are righteously carnivalesque, overstuffed in amazing ways.
The tanning salon chose to take the cash advance.
The biggest question they face is whether the 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be moved from summer to winter?
(There are plans for another league in the United States, but the new venture is at least a year away.)
“I find my feet can breathe that way,” he noted.
The ages of the players — theater majors at Marymount and Fordham College at Lincoln Center — add further verisimilitude, while the direction, by the Fordham graduate Jake Ahlquist, is unflaggingly brisk.
Unbowed, they immediately seized on their sudden freedom to slam Mr. Putin, accusing him of using the Russian justice system to bolster his image before the Winter Olympics to be held in Sochi in February, and insisting they did not want his mercy.
I had a group of co-workers as friends when I worked in a building, but there’s also a camaraderie among people who see one another on the road all the time.
Since the hurricane charged through the Belle Harbor enclave of the Rockaway Peninsula, the redbrick church of St. Francis de Sales has been the heart of the area’s relief initiatives, even as it was itself battered.
This is hard to monitor.” China’s fapiao system took root in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when the government began requiring companies to use official receipts issued by the tax authorities for every business transaction.
In the 19th century, the firm handled the electric light bulb patent litigation for Thomas Edison and the telegraph patent litigation for Samuel Morse.
Seemingly sick but without a diagnosis, Mike finished the semester.
“I’m too hot now,” he said.
But I do what I need to do.”
The whole business environment is constantly changing, and it can be especially difficult for a small business to keep up.
They have a general view of ‘we.’ Not so in the USA.” The Finnish tradition of strong preparation and respect for teachers was similarly admired by many commenters, who nonetheless remain convinced it cannot be duplicated here.
Then his day ended in pain.
Peter Carrier does a fine job in the role, pondering the roots of his character’s prejudice in the gritty song “You’ve Got to Be Carefully Taught.” As Liat, Hsin-Yu Liao (who played this role in the national tour of the Lincoln Center production) looks heart-rendingly delicate and dances with flowerlike grace.
Jana’s focus on Safeway comes during a spurt of corporate activism as investors try to change companies through their investments.
In the 1990s, the tennis center expanded, more than doubling the size of its campus.
“Among our foreign partners, France stands out,” he said, prefacing his response to a reporter who asked if he had offered Mr. Depardieu residency.
“We are fighting girls,” Halep said after her victory over Vekic on Thursday.
Nonetheless, in 2010, the last year for which data is available, the United States spent 17.6 percent of its gross domestic product on health care, according to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.
But it has no bedroom, only a convertible sofa bed.
There is an aesthetic to Paris and Parisians unmatched by any other place, an openness of vista, a care about dress that can veer toward the robotic but remains considered, the way, even in (relatively) modest restaurants, there is a care about how food looks on the plate.
Sometimes I tried to get the background of the South Bronx or Harlem.” The publication of “Subway Art” was met with either alarm or excitement.
Al Ahram had been run by Mubarak loyalists while he was in office, but its management changed after Egypt’s uprising.
“The government is entering a period of new internal instability with the Lagarde list scandal,” said Yiannis Bournous, a spokesman for the opposition Syriza party.
In the past, when I wasn’t called in, it was a little disappointing because I know what I’m capable of doing and know that I could help the team.” Magee acknowledged that he was young and naïve during his early M.L.S.
“For the .0001 percent of you who have never operated a seat belt before, it works like this,” the narrator says in a tone dripping with sarcasm.
Daily, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. “We Hold These Truths,” commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation.
Federal prosecutors on Monday charged 18 current and former members of the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department with excessive use of force and obstruction of justice as part of a sprawling investigation into allegations of misconduct and abuse of inmates in county jails, federal law enforcement officials said.
The red carpet will be rolled out, the home patrons will stand, and Jim Cornelison will begin belting out “The Star-Spangled Banner” in his operatic tenor.
Taylor Stanley makes a particular impression, his clean, questing energy offset by aspects of youthful uncertainty, but Mr. Coll (City Ballet’s newest corps member), Ms. Gilliland , Lauren King, Ashley Laracey, Meagan Mann and David Prottas are all given solos characterized by unforeseen gestures or sequences, happily disconcerting.
‘Black Angels Over Tuskegee’ The tear-jerker story of these trailblazing African-American pilots (2:30).
It was a regular feature of the budget showdowns of the 1980s and ’90s.
Nobody does.” The mistrust stems from a feeling of being betrayed by Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi, who deposed Mr. Morsi after millions of people marched against the president’s rule.
(“I so admire people who can play baseball,” its equivalent might read.
Airbus reiterated Friday that it was watching to see how the investigations of the Boeing battery turned out.
“The least that could be expected is that the people of the world will be convinced that Iran is not being pertinacious and wants to face the world with logic,” he said.
The monster will then place either a black or white hat on each person’s head.
“The comments are made as part of a strategy to hide a weak case.” A third witness was dropped this week because the evidence was no longer needed, according to the filing.
Quarterback Bryce Petty overthrew open receivers.
“The people are being punished and disciplined, because the regime wants them to say again that Bashar is their master,” he said.
Lufthansa declined to say how much it was spending on its new business-class product, but it said in March 2012 that it would spend about 3 billion euros, or $4 billion, over two years on general improvements.
“This is the first drug that nobody seems to want to know about as a potential problem.” The government has a vested interest in its success.
Sustainable, safe and reliable water service is the lifeblood for every community, essential for public health and economic development and growth.
All the Rangers forwards played in various combinations, right from the opening face-off.
To the dismay of advertisers, some browser makers now offer consumers a way to block so-called third-party cookies, tiny pieces of code that track where you go on the Web.
“The Giving Tree,” by Shel Silverstein.
The officers were later put on administrative leave, the sheriff said on Monday.
“Icarus” continues through July 28 at the Studio Theater at the Pershing Square Signature Center, 480 West 42nd Street, Clinton; (212) 352-3101, nymf.org.
With his eight years in power behind him, he is trying to frame what they added up to and still promoting causes important to him while staying out of what he calls “the swamp” of national politics.
“In the previous generation, the old male politicians used the ‘basta’ style of politics to outwardly demonstrate power and the need for the final word,” Ms. Munimus said.
Swedish Cottage, 79th Street and the West Drive, Central Park, (212) 988-9093, cityparksfoundation.org; $10; $7 for under 12.
Stephenson said he did not go to the Garden until he was playing in high school championship games.
Mr. Karzai has repeatedly raised the long-festering issue of the Durand Line, which forms the border between the two countries and was established by the British.
official who headed the study.
Lawyers and media ran from one room to the other, banging on the door where the charges were read to be let into the second room.
In this version, I base the marinade on a classic Vietnamese dipping sauce called nuoc cham.
Ms. Ma is perplexed by the challenge of choosing a high school for her 11-year-old.
2 overall pick in 2008, earning an Olympic gold medal and a Norris Trophy nomination at age 20, then becoming a Stanley Cup champion at 22.
Paul LePage of Maine and Gov.
Their boredom was not lost on Judge Katherine B. Forrest, who playfully remarked “let’s not watch it twice,” eliciting laughter from the jury.
It was even conceivable that they watched everybody all the time.
As a 23-year-old right-handed reliever pitching in an age of power arms, throwing a pedestrian 88 m.p.h.
What drew Eakins to this scene and to rowing pictures?
What better way to double down on our pre-existing advantages?
Many of the European ones did not.
Then he began to rebuild the living space, which today totals about 2,000 square meters, or 21,527 square feet.
Most of the visits took place on Sunday, the first day of the festival.
But then we saw an astonishing front-page article about a piano graveyard, and how it has become all but impossible to sell a piano these days.
It reflects the chance of a coincidental match in relation to the size of the general population (assuming that the suspect is the only one examined and is not related to the real culprit).
It seems all the honoring going on in the N.B.A.
CR: My group, the people I grew up with, my journalist friends who are working hard, they were the first ones who said, “I get it.” They weren’t judging or eye rolling.
Last Saturday, Mr. Khan led a large protest rally in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province, which his party governs.
A Norwegian friend of mine prefers WhatsApp.
Robin Thicke, whose song “Blurred Lines,” is an ode scantily clad women (he also appears on the current cover of Treats!
“I am fascinated by architectural spaces, how they play with natural light and how it affects the viewer,” Ms. Begum said by email.
Jan. 22 at 7:15 p.m.Founded last year by the advertising executive David Leibowitz , the Brooklyn-based Empiricist League gathers scientists and writers to discuss topics like the future of robotics and scenarios for the apocalypse (Motto: “Science!
Mr. Dasilva was instead released on a $5,000 bond, for which his mother paid a $460 fee.
On its own, however, growth will not raise wages.
General hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, 71 Hamilton Street.
A campaign, with an estimated budget of $7 million, will carry the theme “What’s your deal?” and encourage customers to sign up online at cvs.com/myweeklyad .
“I really saw the ugliness of a person who sold his soul,” Mr. Bo said of one important witness for the prosecution, according to the court’s running account.
His recent downfall started with a burst of publicity about his meeting Jack Ma, one of China’s richest entrepreneurs, and Liu Zhijun , the former railways minister recently jailed for graft.
“This is the elite arrogance of the Silicon Valley mafia, the Twitter mafia,” said Vivek Wadhwa, a fellow at Stanford’s Rock Center for Corporate Governance who is writing a book on women in tech.
I harp a lot in this blog on the wrongness of the inflation-and-soaring rates crowd — and I do so with a purpose.
I’ll take them against Kansas as well.
At every turn it asks what is art, who is an artist and what makes for greatness?
She played all 50 minutes, scoring 18 points to finish as the fourth leading scorer in team history with 1,727 points.
You did not see that shade of yellow on an American guy, but, of course, Rob had not yet become an American guy.
In an age of intense debate about fracking and climate change, Berssenbrugge’s lines — saturated with the hallucinatory speed of thought — have the urgency of a manifesto; she consistently calls attention to the interrelatedness of all things (especially roses).
But that’s not why Mr. Sheffield is planning to double the number of mail pieces he sends to voters, or why he is adding television and radio ads to a campaign that went without them in 2012.
(In a neat touch, this Puck is seen stretching before setting off on the physical tasks set for him by Oberon and then wheezing from exhaustion upon return.)
The results aren’t that surprising — more frequent rail service sharply reduces pollution and other costs associated with driving — but it’s good to have this kind of solid work to back our intuition.
In the case of “Let the Fire Burn,” it’s video that begets a riveting chronicle of the radical group Move’s clash with Philadelphia authorities and a catastrophic siege of its headquarters in 1985 .
There was little evidence that the scandal tainted his legacy.
It’s my job now to, I hope, be a light who inspires others.
In much of his work, , he employs the Christopher Wheeldon approach to the male-female pas de deux: the couple seldom separate more than a yard, if at all, and the suggestion is that they are mutually needy, with no life apart from each other.
Dear Civil Behavior: I am a straight suburban mom who is very supportive of my gay teenage son.
Gingerly stepping over holes in the floorboards while ducking under exposed electrical wiring dangling from the ceiling, Mr. Dixon points to a threadbare carpet on the floor when asked for the source of the dank smell filling the home.
All of the aid for this year already has been authorized, so even an order to halt the financial assistance would not have an impact until next year.
Two points could be made in any such statement: 1.
We worry about violence from drug trafficking and organized crime — last month, one gang from São Paulo threatened to unleash “a World Cup of terror” if the government didn’t agree to its demands.
If they want their teams to win, they’ve got to improve their programs.
(Ages 8 to 16) The son of a godlike superhero is sent, on the cusp of his 13th birthday, to practice his skills on earth, battling monsters in this thrillingly kinetic, funny and moving work.
There are direct flights to Luang Prabang from Bangkok; Hanoi, Vietnam; and Siem Reap, Cambodia; but many international routes include connections in the Laotian capital, Vientiane, which may deter some visitors.
The larger 787 is expected to seat 320 passengers, compared with the 210 to 290 seats in the Dreamliners currently in production.
“It’s the backbone of how we live,” said David Anderson, 52, an insurance claims adjuster from Chicago.
Schools that serve minority and lower-income neighborhoods tend to employ teachers with fewer years of experience and less specialized training in math and science than schools in white and upper-income neighborhoods, according to a 2012 National Science Foundation report .
The only room in the next town put all four of us in one double bed on a ferociously hot night.
“But for the older generation, it is always there.” When the authorities recently arrested a suspect in the attacks who they said was mentally disturbed and of Armenian origin — not a fanatical Turk motivated by hatred, as many assumed — it only raised more suspicions among some residents of Samatya, who said they thought the police had merely found a convenient scapegoat.
This caused a seemingly minor issue when a stern redhead dressed in the Brownies uniform of shredded T-shirt and jeans — she was in the opening band, I later learned — tried to get past us.
“This thing here almost gave me a heart attack,” said a 58-year-old woman who said she had been outside with her 8-year-old granddaughter and heard the gunfire around 6:30 p.m. “Maybe if they had something for kids to do, maybe there would be less shootings.” The 13-year-old was taken to Woodhull Medical Center, where he remains in critical condition as of Sunday evening.
You’re looking at $1,342,177.28 becoming $2,684,354.56, and $2,684,354.56 doubling to $5,368,709.12.
“On ‘Two Cops’ we used the first 10 takes just trying to figure out how the characters speak,” Mr. Goldberg said.
The judge, Deborah A. Batts of Federal District Court in Manhattan, rejected the arguments of the nonprofit group American Atheists, which filed a lawsuit against the operators of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum in 2011 on constitutional grounds, contending that the prominent display of the cross constituted an endorsement of Christianity, diminishing the contributions of non-Christian rescuers.
Test your math skills with this question created by Scott Matthews at Math for America from the Economix blog post “Only Half of First-Time College Students Graduate in 6 Years.” After you’ve clicked “submit answer,” more information will appear.
‘‘If leaders are targeted, it’s probably not by accident, but systematic and out of principle,’’ said an editorial in Die Welt.
Inside the Morgan Arcade you can find Spillers Records, which has been selling music since 1894, albeit not always in this location; the owners claim it is the oldest record shop in the world.
All were given the enriched peanut butter and were assigned at random to receive an antibiotic or a placebo for one week.
“These reforms — if enacted — mean the U.S. would be able to deliver lifesaving food assistance more quickly, more efficiently and to millions of more hungry people every year with the same taxpayer resources,” the groups said in a statement.
Ms. Wilde brings as much charm as she can to a perfunctory, underwritten role that makes little psychological sense.
To make ends meet and pay off some family debts, Abdul, the eldest of the family, decided to go back to Afghanistan as an interpreter and intelligence adviser for the United States Army.
But public health doctors in poor countries rarely bother.
On the other hand, there were too many mosquitoes.
Ambassador Theater, 219 West 49th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
MR. OBAMA: My fellow Americans, tonight I want to talk to you about Syria, why it matters and where we go from here.
The organisms that thrive in this section have no need for oxygen in their metabolic processes.
Some backers of parity believe it will also help veterans suffering from stress disorders from the battlefield get easier access to mental health services.
In 2010, he placed the billboard, 225 feet by 99 feet, directly opposite Madison Square Garden with his own portrait next to that of Jay Z, the celebrity face of the new-look Nets, who were moving to Brooklyn.
“With Lagerfeld, there’s always a twist,” she said.
A daily goal could be to send one e-mail.
“They were all great, but it was Sidney, that guy,” he said quietly.
“I think it’s hugely positive,” he said about Mr. Gates’s presence at the company.
Yet because of the falloff in its big power-generation business, G.E.
Custom installations, like the one chosen by the Dallas Cowboys, cost “in the five figures,” Mr. Pace said.
I sent an e-mail to Rove to see if he would explain what his current relationship to the Republican Party is: All the fuss over the award of the contract to Liberty Works, the creation of the Conservative Victory Project, etc.
“It’s like we’re living in a Wes Anderson movie,” said Ms. Cheskis-Gold, 28, the director of community for Spark Capital.
■ Handsome Brands, London, a branding and design agency, opened its first office in North America, in Toronto.
The dinner, limited to 14 guests per night, begins at 7 p.m. and is $40 per person.
The bipartisan bill already passed by the Senate would strengthen our borders, provide a pathway to earned citizenship, and boost growth by more than a trillion dollars while reducing our deficits.
In the past few years, 45 states and the District of Columbia have adopted Common Core standards that ask much more of students; raising standards for teachers is a critical parallel step.
In order of appearance: deo, Jan, Golden Dragon, Gary, NJM, Frank, Jim, Alphonse J Baluta, Zach, Retlaw, joseph guse, Pummy Kalsi and Giovanni Ciriani.
Thus began a furious three-year legal tussle that involved leading law firms — legal bills totaled more than $24 million — mountains of paperwork and four months of sometimes tawdry testimony that exposed the unhappy private lives in one of America’s richest families.
Once mates have been secured, the females will deposit their eggs in the twigs of trees and shrubs, laying up to 600 eggs each.
I was deliriously happy for a while, moving to London, our house in Chester Square .
“Other great shows don’t have that noticeable effect in their first season because they are less established,” they wrote.
“I’m not retiring from acting.” But she added, “I’d like to be directing tomorrow.” — MELENA RYZIK He wins for “Les Misérables.” DAVE ITZKOFF: I like Hugh Jackman’s joke about having to audition for his role in “Les Misérables.” MIKE HALE: As always, he’s invincible when he sticks to musicals or Wolverine.
But despite all that, no formal charges have ever been filed in connection with the crash.
They get out of there as soon as possible.” Additionally, working in isolation or under inflexible shift hours, juggling the simultaneous demands of home life with combat operations and dealing with intense stress because of crew shortages could be factors, Mr. Dao writes.
In the eyes of the special committee, the new proposal from Mr. Icahn may actually be a step backward from his previous one.
“I am not able to take something as it exists,” Rebetez said of his work.
“It’s tremendous recognition for a group of five of the most talented and brave photographers working in the world today for their work covering the awful war in Syria,” Mr. Lyon said.
Actually, you’d expect the Winklevosses, of all people, to get this, because in a way money is like a social network, which is useful only to the extent that other people use it.
But on a serious note: this is Dortmund’s golden chance to get an advantage in the tie.
The Senate’s approval on Friday of a stopgap spending measure that would keep the federal government open without gutting President Obama’s health care law now sends the fight back to the House, just days from a potential Oct. 1 government shutdown.
Painkillers now take the lives of more Americans than heroin and cocaine combined, and since 2008, drug-induced deaths have outstripped those from traffic accidents.
What Sets It Apart In plenty of these parks, safety instructions and height-limit rules can get lengthy, but few of these parks have signs as detailed as Water Park of America’s.
He transferred to the Rhode Island School of Design, where he studied photography.
and then secretary of defense.
The aim is for this round of talks to conclude by April 14, before the next summit meeting of euro zone finance ministers.
Many factors affect the wait (or lack of one).” We get a history lesson from Elizabeth C. Gorski today, and she takes the road less traveled to deliver it to us in this extra large grid.
Previously, North Korea had insisted the Yongbyon plant was for only civilian energy purposes.
The deal is expected to close in April and will be financed with a combination of $1.3 billion in senior unsecured notes and cash.
This is how to let employees know they’re appreciated and how to make your office as happy as Google’s.
The quest for Wisconsin’s best fish boil, like the pursuit of any kind of higher knowledge, never ends.
“In other societies, school-aged children are expected to be vigilant and see what needs to be done around the house, and they routinely do chores without being asked,” said Elinor Ochs , a director of the study.
At Lanvin on Sunday, the closing day of the Paris men’s winter 2013 season, the meld of sporty (square tunic tops or sneakers) with traditional sartorial shapes for lean or bulky coats was a fine example of the hybrid look.
For privacy policy reasons, we will not publish student comments that include a last name.
STORRS “From Old Masters to Revolutionaries: Five Centuries of the Benton’s Best.” “Convergence: Contemporary Art from India and the Diaspora.” “Framing Photography: New Additions to the Benton Collection in Context.” Through Dec. 15.
1 defense in the league.
Ms. Johnson stressed that the statue did not appear unfinished, and that the stain was not noticeable.
So we’re awash in desired savings with no place to go, and those excess savings are driving down borrowing costs.
It, too, remains under wraps.
The members of the European-led group, the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh , have made binding commitments to help pay for fire safety measures and building upgrades when shortcomings in safety are found in the more than 1,600 garment factories its members use in Bangladesh.
Conflict, jeopardy, etc., usual stuff.” Both he and Serena are eager to make something happen by stirring up conflict, a strategy that Ray encounters with more naïveté and surprise than seem credible for someone of her experience.
Everyone was shaken, and in many ways we never stopped quaking.
A Moroccan Embassy source said the body would be buried with in the Moroccan Riff, where he so successfully campaigned against Spanish troops in the 1920s.
Undeterred, Gaitley planned a visit to New Zealand’s annual state tournament two months later.
When you don’t have the stuff that is normally accessible, you gotta really go looking, under rocks, in corners.
It is unclear what the agency specifically concluded in its internal review.
Between 1982 and 2006 (when Congress overwhelmingly renewed the law), the Voting Rights Act blocked more than 1,000 proposed discriminatory voting changes.
They cut Matt Diaz, Juan Rivera and Dan Johnson.
They have crossed the border and tried to return, offering themselves up to federal agents.
“Now we are going into fatwa wars,” he said, referring to declarations of rulings by Muslim clerics.
The Shahada is the creed also used on the flag: “There is no God but God, and Mohammed is his prophet.” A young activist, Wael Ibrahim, took the banners down and threw them into the crowd, an act that was posted on YouTube.
“We tried to play traditional defense,” said Justin Wilcox, Boise State’s defensive coordinator at the time, “and he absolutely ripped us.” With more than a year to adjust, Wilcox devised a plan — a plan that other teams would soon adapt and adopt.
The staging of the “Ride of the Valkyries” is inventive and fun.
So when Kotb and Gifford swore off alcohol for all of January, it was an eventful pledge — and an ill-conceived one, as it turned out, since it coincided with the publication of Kotb’s new book and the parties to celebrate its release.
A giant python eats a decomposing gazelle.
Shenise Johnson’s jump shot with 36.1 seconds left in overtime lifted the San Antonio Silver Stars to a 78-77 victory over the Liberty in Newark.
But not everyone was sympathetic, pointing out that he had gone to extensive lengths to make the threats, including using tools to help disguise his identity and making police officials guess which buildings were at risk.
His one-act “Swan Lake” is narrative, with scenery; his “Allegro Brillante” is all dance, with no décor and simple costumes; his “Tschaikovsky Suite No.
Farther east, a bloc of Nordic and Baltic countries instituted a Nordic Climate Day in 2009 .
Though Somalia has become significantly more stable, there are still thousands of young women living in squalid displaced-persons camps and loose bands of soldiers and other gunmen roaming around with heavy weapons, essentially doing as they please.
The labor standoff that cost the Minnesota Orchestra its entire last season, and is imperiling the coming season , was extended on Thursday, when the orchestra’s locked-out players voted to reject the latest contract offer put forward by management.
(Brantley) ★ ‘Once’ This gentle musical, set in Dublin, about a love affair that never quite happens — based on the 2006 movie — inventively uses songs (by Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova) and dance to convey a beautiful shimmer of might-have-been regret.
But I have two children in school, and I know, I just know, that it is coming.
Mr. Cahuzac was fired and expelled from the party, but that the minister in charge of fighting tax fraud had committed it himself has been deeply damaging.
Opponents are already lobbying the Obama administration to reject most of the planned terminals, and protests have already occurred.
Museum of Early Trades and Crafts, 9 Main Street.
“ La Reina “ is a drama about drug wars by the Mexican composer Jorge Sosa, with words by Laura Sosa Pedroza, his aunt.
He would construct model airplanes of World War II vintage, or make replicas of more modern aircraft like the F-14 Tomcat, his favorite plane.
— Damon Darlin ‘Aurora’ Cyber Attackers Were Really Running CounterIntelligence Cio.com.au | Google always said its 2010 cyberattackers were after activists’ Gmail accounts.
Including two stops to adjust boot buckles and snap a photo, it took me more than 10 minutes to reach the trailhead at the base of the mountain.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 967-7555, publictheater.org.
“Any step along the way, someone could have helped him — they were just handing out drugs,” said Richard’s father.
They acknowledge that corruption in the Afghan government and budget-cutting pressure in Congress do not help their cause.
March 19 at 7:30 p.m. $42 to $58.
Coke saved two games against the Yankees in the A.L.
Detectives are now sometimes required to report to a patrol sergeant before starting their shifts, which many veteran detectives consider an indignity.
The more nervous investors get, the wider discounts are; when the mood is more hopeful, discounts narrow or evaporate.
San Francisco and Houston are considered the favorites.
Enter Pierre-Louis Dietsch, an otherwise forgotten French composer whose superior connections with the Opéra management — he was chorus master there — won him the job.
With the spotlight squarely focused on the rookie quarterbacks Robert Griffin III and Russell Wilson, Lynch found himself buried on the undercard.
Even without such actions, however, the budget outlook for the next 10 years doesn’t look at all alarming.
He pressed for more economic aid for Africa and was a leading critic of South African apartheid, helping shape United States policy, including sanctions, against that country.
Her crew consists of twenty-five, and there were also twenty-five passengers on board.
At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., Dizzy’s Club Coca-Cola, Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center, 60th Street and Broadway, (212) 258-9595, jalc.org; $35 and $45 cover, $20 and $25 for students, with a $10 minimum.
On Wednesday, Wellesley College is unveiling a new cost-of-college calculator intended to demystify the real cost of tuition.
The closeness of that vote and the means by which it came about was the story we wanted to tell.
“There are still some headwinds, but banks are pretty much there when it comes to reaching the right level of capital and that is helpful,” said Cormac Leech, an analyst at Liberum Capital.
deo #4 : 1/2, 1/3, 1/8, 1/30, 1/144, 1/720 If you have the solution for a group of n, for one additional person, divide the smallest piece in a ratio of n:1, to get the solution for the group of (n+1).
Writers interviewed for this article who have contracts with Condé Nast emphasized that in this economy they can’t simply go out and get a contract with another magazine.
We continued to share appropriate and validated data with regulators and surgeons.
Central to both Kilmer’s work and the prevailing disdain of it is his deep Catholicism, to which he converted after his daughter Rose contracted infantile paralysis.
(Some shops tack on delivery charges of as much as $15, however, so it’s best to ask about such details up front.)
That type of evidence will be crucial to determining whether he acted reasonably.
They introduced me to the importance of the fermentation going on inside us — in our large intestines — and as I began looking into it, I realized that managing that internal fermentation was an important aspect of health.
They cannot sign a free agent without waiving someone.
Doctors said he had a bruised trachea.
IN DiMAGGIO’S SEAT Two blocks away is an Italian place called Bamonte’s .
There is still debate about whether the changes are permanent or would be reversed in the event of another sharp economic downturn in Mexico or across Latin America — or a strong rebound in economic growth and demand for labor in the United States.
She does not have a computer or a cellphone.
With less than four minutes left in the first quarter, he entered what was shaping up as a blowout and immediately hit a 3-pointer.
Unlike other new arthritis drugs, it comes as a pill, not a shot.
It’s worth noting that the Oreo page on Facebook (though Mr. Vaynerchuk had nothing to do with it) has more than 34 million “likes.” Whether those likes convert to sales dollars has been hard to gauge.
This week the Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee — the group of men and women who set U.S. monetary policy — will be holding its sixth meeting of 2013.
The Chinese institution already has some ties to Southeast Asia: Its founder, the Xiamen-born businessman Tan Kah Kee, set up numerous schools in Singapore in the early 20th century.
They got hooked on music, they said, through their father’s record collection and cite influences like Nirvana, the Ramones, the Misfits and the Foo Fighters.
The result was a global contest of ideas, with hundreds of university and corporate scientists participating.
They also agree that the deterioration in the earth’s climate is primarily a result of carbon emissions from fossil fuel consumption by humans.
Colonel FlorCruz flies Army helicopters and is currently commanding a medical unit of 700 at Fort Drum in upstate New York.
Which makes it weirder, really, not any more understandable.
Either way, his interplay with her is unconvincing and their romance hard to credit.
and European taxpayers are helping Cyprus to start down a new path,” the chancellor said.
“We were all weak at the knees.” Like many people who supported the fight against apartheid, she had mixed feelings about the armed struggle.
And I admired the coolness of a broken suit, its ivory jacket in silk and its full skirt in viscose with an organza layer.
“The people who would have become the old masters all died off,” Mr. Dennis said.
This is a niche the company has developed, and it has worked well for more than 50 years.
The new endowment, to be called the Rudolf Nureyev Fund at the Joffrey Ballet, is among the foundation’s biggest grants to a single cultural institution.
In 1950, The Washington Post published a scathing review of a singing performance by President Harry S. Truman’s daughter, Margaret.
He has to be better than his longtime foe – thus the change in title from “Amazing” Spider-Man to “Superior.” I am now very interested in reading more.
Still upset about the report put forth by the former F.B.I.
Then, students might create their own research plans.
It wasn’t difficult to find recipes and uses for them, as this vegetable is appreciated around the world.
Other factors have led to the increase in defections, including continued economic hardship in Cuba and relaxed travel regulations.
Dr. Zhang and his colleagues see Chinese native dogs as the key to better understanding how dogs evolved.
“I’m not a minimalist,” Ms. Brito said, her coin necklace jangling by way of punctuation.
The banks have shed billions of dollars of assets, reduced their exposure to risky assets and, in the case of the Royal Bank of Scotland, slashed its investment banking unit to refocus on its retail operations.
He and Emmanuel Castillo, the driver of the suspect’s vehicle, were arrested.
Hundreds of healthy people had to agree to follow their assigned regimens for years.
According to the increasingly hazardous-looking ziggurat on my bedside table: Paul Scott’s “The Raj Quartet”; David Nasaw’s biography of William Randolph Hearst, “The Chief”; Christopher Hitchens’s “Thomas Paine’s Rights of Man”; Eric Jaffe’s “The King’s Best Highway”; Frank Langella’s memoir, “Dropped Names”; the “Collected Stories” of Roald Dahl; Ellin Stein’s history of the National Lampoon, “That’s Not Funny, That’s Sick”; Hiram Maxim’s autobiography, “My Life” (he invented the Maxim gun in the 1880s, providing Hilaire Belloc with the couplet “Whatever happens, we have got / The Maxim Gun, and they have not”); Edna O’Brien’s memoir, “Country Girl”; John Keegan’s biography of Churchill, titled, oddly, “Winston Churchill”; Bill Bryson’s biography of Shakespeare, also oddly titled “Shakespeare”; and George H. W. Bush’s collection of letters, “All the Best.” Whether this reflects catholicity or A.D.D., I can’t say.
RIVERHEAD Suffolk County Historical Society “Hidden and Forbidden: Objects and Art of Intolerance,” an exhibition covering themes including slavery, Jim Crow and the Ku Klux Klan.
I was looking forward to some sort of video enlightenment from Dr. Chopra given that there was a designated “wellness room channel,” but all I saw was an overview of the room features, which included Electric Field Shielding technology (designed to prevent “electric fields” from keeping me up at night), an air purification system, carbon water filters, and antimicrobial coating on the bathroom floor.
“We’re a device company,” said Gerry Smith, a Lenovo senior vice president and head of its Americas division.
(Dr. Gilbert is working to figure that out now.)
It stands at more than $71,000.
He is also known to be in favor of stronger capital requirements than some of his Fed colleagues.
Lamborghini’s limited-edition sports car may set a record for vehicular excess; the car is rumored to carry a price tag of more than $4 million.
Like most universities, Northern Illinois University in DeKalb has a problem with heavy drinking.
In response to the market forces, developers now are building 458 luxury hotel projects with 123,325 rooms around the world, according to STR data.
Mr. Zuma’s reputation has been dented by a 2006 rape trial (even though he was acquitted), corruption accusations and his handling of the police shooting of 34 striking platinum miners last August.
Meanwhile, cook the soba noodles .
At 2:30 and 4 p.m., Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212) 423-3587, worksandprocess.org; sold out.
“There’s a level of anxiety hanging over everyone,” said Rebecca Glathar, executive director of the Utah office of the National Alliance on Mental Illness .
And while that wasn’t a perfect feed from Carpenter, Kozma has to catch that ball.
Jennifer and I made a decision a few weeks ago to stop writing a Saturday gun report and instead do a weekend roundup.
But when he approached the Department of Buildings about marketing his penthouses, he was informed that three of the four were ineligible as three-bedroom units because bedroom windows faced a lot line and could, technically, end up being blocked by a wall.
ALABAMA 45, TENNESSEE 10 T. J. Yeldon scored on three 1-yard runs, and A J McCarron passed for 275 yards and 2 touchdowns to help No.
Byron R. Johnson, a criminologist at Baylor University and the author of “More God, Less Crime,” argues that studies have shown the benefits of faith in rehabilitating criminals.
And, once again, the scientific method cannot settle the question of whether that definition is correct.
“In July and August, it sounded like battle tanks coming down,” she said, sipping mineral water.
Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Greenburgh Public Library, 300 Tarrytown Road.
Mannarino mostly patrolled the baseline, attempted handfuls of drop shots and was forced to hit numerous passing shots.
Under the effort announced on Wednesday, called the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety, the participating companies will contribute money — from a modest amount up to $1 million a year, depending on the level of business each does in Bangladesh.
“Today’s commission action,” he said, “will also relieve companies of some of the costly and inefficient burden of hoarding patents for purely defensive purposes, savings that we hope can be invested in job-creating research and development.” Under the settlement, Google agreed to license its standard-essential patents to other companies on “fair and reasonable” terms.
My husband convinced me that a ride from our apartment in upper Manhattan to the ferry to Governors Island could be fun.
He coached me this week.’ We’re strategically having these events to help build it over time.
“Some international exposure is being looked at for the first year in many places,” Mr. Allard said.
Still, the cast members, directed by Hamilton Clancy, convey the tale with a minimum of flourish, setting their voices on high (and occasionally blunting the poetry) while barreling ahead in this two-and-a-half-hour intermissionless show.
Confederate batteries held their fire until the monitors approached less than a mile from Fort Sumter.
As Joe Scarborough, a former Republican congressman, who hosts “Morning Joe” on MSNBC, wrote on Twitter: This is a @nytimes account of today’s Benghazi hearings that should cause great concerns in the White House tonight.
MR. BEWLEY He had a small pit with a door raised up like this, ones that opened up out like they do today.
After 24 weeks, the level of so-called bad cholesterol had dropped an average of 47.2 percent for those taking alirocumab, but fell only 15.6 percent for those taking Zetia.
The tailoring was defiantly YSL in its shoot-from-the-shoulders straightness and the tuxedos, including one as a jump suit.
His death was confirmed by a family spokesman, Adam Lehner.
But even then, an independent Dassault risks becoming a niche player in an era where shrinking budgets are raising pressure on military companies — and governments — to consider pooling their resources for future programs.
“So while it’s premature in the process, we’ve made it clear that we have every intention of making Carmelo a Knick for a long time to come.” Given a chance to declare it a mutual love affair and to say he couldn’t wait to put his Carmelo Hancock on a Knicks contract extension, Anthony politely abstained.
The best way to get his attention: “I have a stomachache again”; “I’m nervous I’ll fail my math test.” We’d sit on the couch while my mother and siblings slumbered upstairs.
$7 to $9; under 12, free.
The senator insists he has done nothing wrong.
Sendak, who died last year at 83, befriended collectors of his drawings, and at times he would even customize his work for them.
The Drake Shuffle sits at the center of a particularly Jacksonian nexus of ideas.
In 2009, Mr. Swanson told a mutual friend that he would like to spend more time with her.
But having a compositional voice is not enough in the elusive form of musical drama that is opera.
The authors of the new analysis —Theodore A. Postol, a professor of science, technology and national security policy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Richard M. Lloyd, an analyst at the military contractor Tesla Laboratories — evaluated the exteriors of the implicated rockets, visible in videos and photographs.
The study argues that the inaccuracy of previous counts means that biologists know less than they think and concludes that grizzly numbers appear to have increased simply because government biologists are working harder to count the bears.
How many rounds of eggnog, Tom and Jerrys, hot toddies and other too-familiar libations can we take before palate fatigue sets in?
When I was in my 20s, my father was working in Mexico and we were living in a hotel while waiting for housing.
The fungus also lives in cave soil, which stays cool year round, and afflicting bats appears to be incidental to its main function, which is breaking down organic matter, scientists say.
For being the victim!” She continued: “And I’m just like, what?
Shaalie.” Those who knew him insisted there had to be a reason for what had happened.
“The Heat” placed second with $40 million in weekend sales for 20th Century Fox.
“I was surprised the ride operators weren’t a little more savvy,” he said.
The company’s decision will not immediately affect the case but it will likely bolster the government’s position that the terms of the bailout did not amount to a violation of the Fifth Amendment (which prohibits the government from taking private property without just compensation).
But if I define myself as a human being, all the barriers disappear.” He has invested a lot of energy into the erasure of those barriers — and jazz has become a means to that end, rather than the end itself.
The opera of Italian politics provides endless amazement: how can people so good at living be so bad at government?
April 12 at 7:30 p.m. $68.80 to $196.70.
The Film Society of Lincoln Center created the award in 1972 and since then it has honored several dozen directors and performers, two thirds of them men, an imbalance reflecting the movie industry’s pervasive sexism.
“The policy was only vindicated by the people of Ukraine.
Next year will not be the first time that employers had to pay taxes based on the number of employees they have.
Dec. 8 at 3 p.m. $20 to $46.
I thought about waiting for the paper version to arrive, but that wouldn’t change whatever was coming.
CHARLIE HOUCK, a banker who attended a discussion held by Senator Joe Manchin III about gun laws in West Virginia.
Unmentioned in the settlement, but a prominent feature in the earlier complaint, are US Airways’ low-cost Advantage Fares, which the government argued would probably vanish on the many routes where competition between the two carriers would be eliminated.
Kiss is one of several rock bands performing on a trip from Miami to Key West and Great Stirrup Cay, Bahamas: thekisskruise.com .
We’re going to take this fight to the halls of Congress.
Arguably, though, Britain is a somewhat special case: it had a lousy 20s, thanks to the misguided return to gold, and a relatively good 30s, thanks to the early exit from gold.
This photograph ( Slide 14 ) is one of many incisive images by Mr.
He is a son of Cynthia T. Hume and David R. Hume Sr. of Marietta, Ga.
“The question is not whether the president can get the cheapest helicopter, but the best one that’s affordable to buy,” said Jacques S. Gansler, who was the top Pentagon acquisition official in the Clinton administration.
While most Pakistanis have little difficulty relating to burqas, he said, he understood they were controversial in the West.
Mohanty, the state government said in a statement.
After all, a board that effectively says “we really are that bad” runs the risk of everyone believing it.
The findings may help scientists understand the destructive potential in similar areas, like the Cascadia fault zone off the northwestern United States and Canada.
For the Chiefs, he is the rock on which they will anchor their comeback from the depths of football, Jeffri Chadiha writes on ESPN.com .
On the wall hang Sears-style family portraits.
1048 Fifth Avenue at 86th Street, (212) 628-6200, neuegalerie.org.
(Johnson) ‘Cellblock I’ and ‘Cellblock II’ (through Feb. 2) This pair of strenuously cerebral group shows, both organized by the scholar Robert Hobbs, envision the artwork as a kind of prison (formalist and otherwise).
On Wednesday, the diplomat, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, arrived in the United Arab Emirates, having stopped in Kuwait, Qatar and Oman this week, with the goal of undoing years of regional tensions, not only sectarian but also the fruit of the confrontational approach of Iran’s former president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Some saw the trial as no more than a witch hunt by the governing A.K.P.
I saw it all again at the party, a plastic cup of beer in my hand, Outkast’s “Bombs Over Baghdad” blasting on repeat.
The opening day of the swimming world championships could have doubled for a Trojan Swim Club meet.
How much do you think you will agree with what the president has to say?
A few examples of extreme seclusion are on record.
The government-controlled Banco do Brasil and Caixa Econômica Federal had the largest share of the savings accounts at issue.
But they also have a history.
It’s not clear our Thought Leader started out believing he would write a book on the productivity gains made possible by improved electronic medical records, but having written such a book he can now travel from medical conference to medical conference making presentations and enjoying the rewards of being T.S.A.
No one is in custody.
On Monday, the Bangladesh government adopted a new labor law that it said would be critical in making it easier for workers to unionize.
There are contemporary circus festivals, like the Cirko festival in Helsinki, Finland, and contemporary circus journals, like the Belgian CircusMagazine.
He joined the Army Signal Corps and designed field manuals during World War II.
We have to deal with them,”’ Jaimes tells them.
Mr. Icahn has been more vocal than Mr. Einhorn.
One guerrilla, having shot Maj. Henry Z. Curtis as he attempted to hand over his revolver in surrender, mistook the major’s fancy uniform as indicating higher rank and boasted, “I’ve killed Blunt!” The musicians tried to surrender as well, waving their handkerchiefs as a signal, but were also killed, as were their driver, a 12-year-old servant to the band’s leader, and an artist with Frank Leslie’s magazine.
The government, they say, is subsidizing homeownership, with much of the benefit flowing to affluent Americans, at the expense of biomedical research or bridge repairs.
Special dishes will be on the menu, and an artisanal beer was created to pair with the food.
Their consolation is that they continue to have flexibility with their payroll.
Last June, the Supreme Court refused to review the Latif decision.
Mr. Moss rolled out the first of two rounds of dough and slid it into the oven to crisp before adorning it with sauce and cheese.
In addition, the city has turned its focus to how well schools prepare students for college.
At the same hearing, a member of an advisory panel to the department said the agency still seemed guided by the view that symptoms of gulf war illness were stress-induced.
rule that penalizes a player who wears one and is deemed an instigator in a fight.
Bryan Bickell scored the first goal of the game, and Corey Crawford had 25 stops for Chicago, which had managed only two goals in the previous three games, its first three-game losing streak of the season.
The woman from the orbiting couple returns, is bound with garden hose and dragged around in a dark variation on the floor-skimming, head-arching motion.
Where Mocotó is steeped in history and tradition, Esquina has a youthful energy.
■ A day after six current college football players joined a closely watched antitrust case against the N.C.A.A., the organization’s chief legal counsel, Donald Remy, made clear that it had no intention of changing its amateurism policy.
Except that this scene didn’t unfold in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, or the Mission District of San Francisco or any other hotbed of cocktail innovation.
The 15 students, from the Affiliated Senior High School of National Kaohsiung Normal University, are in France to promote Chinese-language learning among students.
While his public-health efforts may have struck some of his haters as elitist and paternalistic, their potential and actual beneficiaries include the city’s less fortunate residents, whose obesity rates, for example, surpass those of the affluent.
Google powers 90 percent of searches in many European markets; its share in the United States is closer to 70 percent.
In her role as the Leading Player, for which she won a Tony Award in June, Ms. Miller swings from perilous heights in a trapeze, sings while dancing and hula hooping, and helps lead the cast through a dizzying array of acrobatics.
That would actually be the Republicans.
... Before Monday’s game, Justin Turner came off the disabled list.
“They’ve done so much for us, and they can leave with their heads held high,” Tartamella said.
Japan has controlled the islands for decades, but China now says that was part of an imperial land grab.
Now it is almost de rigueur.
Win or lose, Tidemark’s move underlines how important it has become for companies that use consumer devices, and working in a cloud-computing environment that gives everyone access to a lot of data and processing power.
That phenomenon — more production with fewer workers — is something that often goes unmentioned when advocates like President Obama speak of a manufacturing renaissance that will produce middle-class jobs.
Levitt Pavilion, 40 Jesup Road.
(So, for instance, “@Jack, I didn’t notice the smokestack until you pointed it out, and now I think …”) Each week, our collaborators, Visual Thinking Strategies , will be facilitating a discussion from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Eastern time on Monday by paraphrasing comments and linking responses, all in an effort to help students go deeper.
Stocks climbed on Tuesday, helped by reports showing low inflation and an increase in home building.
She was apparently born in the French village Domrémy , not “Arc.” Is it safe to assume her descendants in the Americas established a town called New Arc that would eventually elect a youthful mayor named Cory Booker?
In other words, the album has created a social media class of its own, generating a sort of ripple effect that is keeping the album front and center in the Web’s ephemeral consciousness.
The trucks go to warehouses.
The bitterness and hoppy flavors were gone — the beer smelled and tasted like a gingerbread milkshake.
The Supreme Court disallowed a suit challenging the federal law that permits broad, secret surveillance and interception of international communications involving Americans.
More than 50 songs (!)
#iranelection #iran — Jason Rezaian (@jrezaian) 15 Jun 13 #Iranelection Final Results: Total 36704k.
Why is it not producing enough jobs?
It was an inspired choice.
The question is whether the wording of the Volcker Rule is strict enough to force banks to stockpile securities only for customers.
The app has straightforward controls and will show you album art and even band biographies.
At the end of the night, they exchanged numbers.
In the ninth, Overbay’s run-scoring single against Jeremy Bonderman elicited whistles and sarcastic cheers from those left in the crowd.
Outside the Barquisimeto prison and a hospital on Saturday, hundreds of people, mostly inmates’ relatives, waited for news.
While you cannot afford to look too far ahead if you’re just trying make the playoffs, a smart owner will keep an eye on the waiver wire with those important fantasy playoff weeks in mind.
Now, however, China has hit the “Lewis point” — to put it crudely, it’s running out of surplus peasants.
He has since signed Kevin Durant.
That decline was worse than the 4.4 percent drop that IDC had previously forecast for the fourth quarter.
We got to Padang at night and rested in a hotel.
It is also an exercise in color coding, inviting us to ponder stereotypical ideas about blondes, brunettes and redheads, and also to admire the cinematic properties of hair.
sat out Super Bowl XLVII, which CBS broadcast on Feb. 3, 2013, after appearing during the games in 2011 and 2012.
This show had no such agenda; music videos thrive on YouTube, and the Internet is ubiquitous.
Such an economy kills.” The Reuters report noted that there are limits to the new pope’s progressivism; he believes, for instance, that the ban on women priests should remain in place.
I am 100% in favor of this movement for justice in Brazil!
It had turned into this symbol.
Last season, the Trojans were hard-hit by injury, leaving O’Neill with just six scholarship players for nearly half the season who managed to keep the team in most every game.
Inside a small government laboratory in Dhaka, Bangladesh, there are about 300 test tubes, each labeled with masking tape and containing an extracted tooth or a shard of bone.
“If an organization like ours tries to create a list and organize a boycott, that opens us up to antitrust issues,” he said.
At a hearing in April on the matter, Vice Chancellor J. Travis Laster halted completion of the transaction and appeared to find evidence to support OTK’s allegations.
In recent days, some activists have cited rumors that the party issued a warning against seven ideas that are considered anathema, including media freedom and judicial independence.
Instead, all Scott E. Entsminger, 55, of Mansfield, Ohio, gets for his trouble (and his funeral) is a jersey .
Jennifer Cicco, the administrator of the Leyte Island chapter of the Philippines Red Cross, said the conservative estimate from provincial officials was that in addition to the deaths in Tacloban, 10,000 people may have died in surrounding Leyte Province.
Like his 2011 piece “Bliss” it involves the repetition of a single piece of music: this time, not a Mozart aria but an original composition by Mr. Kjartansson and David Por Jonsson (with lyrics by Mr. Kjartansson’s ex-wife, Asdis Sif Gunnarsdottir).
The government says the civilians are being held hostage by the fighters, while activists there say the government is using starvation as a weapon of war against the town, which is just outside the city limits of Damascus, the government-held capital.
“Everyone is still in a rut,” said Elisa Williams, a teacher from the Rockford area, visiting the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum here on Monday.
Bush granted the first request but rejected the other two.
At 11 p.m., the street performers had vanished and the love hotels were getting busy.
If you’re just eating oatmeal, you’ll get full and you’ll stop.
The other two banks that settled were Barclays and UBS .
“I’m concerned that in the quest for modernization we may lose the charm that once was Wrigley Field.”
Other attendees said the N.H.L.
She wrote an article about her decision, after landing the job at Vogue, to have her eggs frozen while she focused on her career.
In September, the Catholic Diocese of Gallup, N.M., which serves the Navajo Nation and six other reservations, filed for bankruptcy protection because of the mounting costs of defending against accusations of sexual abuse by clergy members.
At 8 p.m., the Marlin Room at Webster Hall, 125 East 11th Street, East Village, (212) 353-1600, websterhall.com/events; $22.
Looming in the future is the possibility of protracted legal battles with Russia and the Russian state oil company Rosneft.
Here’s what you need to know: Commuters who sought alternatives on Monday mainly seemed to flood the roadways.
Americans are fully aware that they had to accept heightened security after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Finally, let me just say that leaving the news organizations to one side, the truth is that we’re living in a golden age of economic discourse.
Constellation Brands, whose Pacifico beer was also a supporter, said in a statement that its sponsorships “are focused on providing a peaceful, safe and responsible environment for fans 21-and-older to enjoy our product, and are made on a case-by-case basis.” Other sponsors have not commented.
“The solution might be an assassination list,” said Ahmed, 27, who like others refused to use his full name for fear of reprisals from the new authorities.
A drastic reversal of fortune in the Western Conference semifinals has left the Chicago Blackhawks discouraged and on the verge of elimination.
These were the heavy bass notes of what was generally an upbeat meeting of influential Long Islanders on Tuesday at Molloy College in Rockville Centre.
“I see that I’m in seat 36F, way in the back in coach, a row from the toilet,” she said.
Once the tornado abated, the helicopter pilot, Jon Welsh, turned back to survey what had been lost.
It was at the Bob Baker Marionette Theater , Los Angeles, regular United States.
You won’t want to discard the Kronos recording, since Mr. Adams tailored his writing to the personalities and proclivities of its members.
As a staunch pacifist, he spent several months in prison during World War II.
Edelman, who had survived by escaping through the sewers, was the last living commander of the uprising.
With construction employment remaining low, and with a lot of government infrastructure work needing to be done, including repairing decaying bridges and building new schools, there would seem to be an obvious match that could get needed projects done for less than it would have cost a few years ago.
“I’m happy for him,” he said.
So, yes, people have learned their lessons, the real lessons of the financial crisis.
But federal courts have ruled that his stance violates the 2009 settlement, a decision upheld April 5 in a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
The Motorized Patriot character is a trippy George Washington robot with a cracked, porcelain-doll face and armed with a Gatling-like gun.
MEN and women are so different they might as well be from separate planets, so says the theory of the sexes famously explicated in John Gray’s 1992 best seller, “Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus.” Indeed, sex differences are a perennially popular topic in behavioral science; since 2000, scientific journals have published more than 30,000 articles on them.
“I love the perforations,” she said.
, written and illustrated by Mo Willems.
There was good reason to believe that the trees would pass the E.P.A.’s tests when they bloom next spring.
At the end of the growing season, you’ve got rich compost to add to your flower pots or beds.
Mr. Morsi’s ouster has also been accompanied by an outburst of national chauvinism, whipped up by television hosts and the authorities, who have cast Syrians and Palestinians as traitors while warning, absent any evidence, that they are fighting on behalf of Mr. Morsi’s supporters.
Suhail R. Rizvi runs a private investment company that is the largest outside investor in Twitter, with a 15.6 percent stake worth $3.8 billion at the end of trading on Thursday.
He has been charged with first-degree assault and armed criminal action.
“There’s this strong belief that immigrants are takers,” said Leighton Ku, the director of the Center for Health Policy Research at George Washington University.
Maurice Berger is a research professor and the chief curator at the Center for Art, Design and Visual Culture at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, and a consulting curator at the Jewish Museum in New York.
The second question was also provocative: “If you really want to change Cuba, why don’t you do it from the inside, working from inside the Cuban Communist Party?
Lael Brainard, the country’s top financial diplomat, is leaving her post at the end of the week, a Treasury official said.
The Kardashians arrived and would not leave.
Although he retains most of the details of the original, Williams gently alters the tenor of the relationships among the characters in ways that tend to scrape away the play’s subtlety.
Each weekday morning, we gather them together here so you can quickly scan the news that could hit you in your wallet.
Samsung executives said the biggest growth in smartphones would come in developing countries, where smartphone penetration remains lower.
I think when the player reps and the body sees what’s been done since the All-Star break, they’ll start to be excited about where we’re going as a union.”
“I trust Bill de Blasio,” she said emphatically, before pledging to do what she could to ensure he is elected mayor in November.
“Somebody will say, ‘Oh, I know a woman who has all this radical stuff’ and all of a sudden it shows up.
PENN 71, BROWN 48 Miles Cartwright had 28 points and 7 rebounds, and Penn (5-17, 2-3 Ivy League) outscored Brown (8-12, 2-4) by 20 points in the second half.
Don’t worry about Mom or Dad.
But make no mistake: Christopher Dorner is no hero.
Nancy Wolff , director of the Center for Behavioral Health Services and Criminal Justice Research at Rutgers University, who testified last year at legislative hearings on halfway houses, said the task force was a delaying tactic.
“Genetic testing is about prevention.” She pointed to the risks.
“They are seriously mistaken if they think they can quell the DPRK’s voices of justice through such base acts.” North Korea’s often strident rhetoric has escalated to a feverish new pitch in recent weeks, complete with a threat to launch a “pre-emptive nuclear attack” at the United States and South Korea after the allies started joint military drills on March 1, followed by new United Nations sanctions for the North’s Feb. 12 nuclear test.
Attendance was up, college applications were up, test scores were up, enrollment in advanced courses was up.
Howard hammered a two-run double for a 3-1 lead, and Chase Utley followed with a run-scoring single.
What lesson has Europe learned and what lessons will it need to learn, as far as austerity, politics and economics?
New York City travel books invariably mention the shooting.
“New technology is always expensive when it’s introduced because of the research and development costs,” Ms. Etlinger said.
“A little skull-jarring dissonance could stir the soul,” he explains.
Rafael O. Gomez, Hispanics United’s lawyer, said the nonprofit would appeal the board’s decision, maintaining that the Facebook posts were harassment.
She listened very carefully and was moved.” Ms. Roy is no longer in a position to directly influence Mrs. Gandhi or the government.
The AP announced on Thursday that it would treat gay and straight couples the same, stylistically.
Mrs. Ridley, 27, advises pharmaceutical and biotech companies on risk and regulatory matters in the health care industries advisory practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers, in San Francisco.
It’s an era recent enough that its speech is still comprehensible, but it’s sufficiently long ago to offer up lost words and expressions that reinvigorate language and make the past come alive.
I arrived late, hands covering a flat stomach where a bump should have been.
“A fabulous gay man.” She noted that he loved going to the Village.
“I love all the members of the union equally and unconditionally and do feel like I have great support.” He has such great support, it seems, that not a single player has spoken up and called Rodriguez innocent.
Bearded men in skullcaps jostle students in tank tops.
People will probably think it’s unfair.
The largest of these sites is Goodreads.com , a social media site devoted to finding and sharing titles that has 15 million members and is exploding in popularity, Leslie Kaufman writes .
The sculptor Sonya Clark built a portrait of the Indianapolis hair-care tycoon Madam C. J. Walker out of 3,840 combs (top right).
The students are introduced to prestigious companies and have access to their factories and artisans.
James’s Infirmary” and a Sousa march, but the quotations felt like ends in themselves.
China, the North’s longtime patron, was also unnerved by mounting evidence of an internal power struggle that could destabilize its already troublesome ally and possibly increase an American military presence in the region.
But “SOMETHING WILD,” a gritty film by Jack Garfein that came out in December of that year, is about as far from Mayberry as you can get.
Their new release, “Desperate Ground” (Saddle Creek), recalls that triumphant 2006 album with keen hooks and volatile singing, yet doesn’t much expand their vaguely political conversations of other recent efforts.
This was why I’d picked up stakes and moved to Vietnam.
The authority said Metro-North engineers were developing systems to automatically enforce speed restrictions at these curves by March and at five movable bridges on the New Haven line by September.
Natchitoches, billed as the oldest town in Louisiana (founded in 1714), is outlandishly charming, like a miniature distillation of the best bits of New Orleans.
In the Arabic language, the way letters are written changes according to whether they stand alone or occur in the middle or at the end of a word.
(The opening gets its name from the arrangement of Black’s pawns, which resembles the pattern of stars in the Draco constellation.)
“You know, I went on my diet and got down to about 180, which is about where I wanted to be,” Beamer said, “and then about halfway through the season, I was down to about 166, which is where I didn’t want to be.” It was the kind of season that can cause a coach to stop eating and to ponder the future, especially after his revered coaching friends Bobby Bowden and Joe Paterno stepped down unceremoniously.
This is not enough.” Some friends, he said, asked him what could have made him stop.
“I thought he did a nice job.
But I’m running out of resources.
But in Michael Levine’s designs this is an unmagical, very realistic forest (achieved by projections), which, moreover, remains in place for the entire opera, with Act 2 taking place underneath in a subterranean cavern and sometimes in both locations at once.
Mr. Coale learned in December that he had cancer.
Genes contain the recipes for the body’s proteins.
Here, it is quite likely that the rest of Wall Street stayed away because they feared alienating the very company whose stock was being sold.
“Suffice it to say that the board pressured him not to renew their lease.” Video evidence can sometimes also come in handy in legal matters.
Federer, one of the players who could potentially be hurt by a quarterfinal meeting with Nadal, said that Ferrer had earned his seeding by playing “rock solid” over the past year and that Nadal should not leapfrog him.
The camp was decorated with banners declaring “Engineers for Morsi,” “Women for Morsi” and “Pharmacists against the coup.” One popular sign depicted President Obama as an ancient Egyptian pharaoh holding the leashes of two dogs with the faces of General Sisi and Mohamed ElBaradei, the new vice president.
Mr. Kennedy said the nurses’ claims that he had hurt them damaged his reputation and led to his prosecution.
It is 6.3 percent higher for the year and about 3.2 percent short of its nominal record close of 1,565.
The wide, sandy-blond North Sea beaches run through neighborhoods including Heist, Duinbergen, Albert Beach and Zoute.
All three sisters sing — sometimes solo, sometimes in sugared harmony — mostly about relationships that get abandoned.
George Steinbrenner, whose spending and bombast restored the legacy that Ruppert began — and who got into some mischief along the way, including two suspensions — could be the next owner to be inducted.
“I see him being a major global player.” And though Ms. Sewell said she didn’t “get” Ms. Rocha’s designs when she first saw them about three years ago at Fashion East , a young-talent showcase organized by Lulu Kennedy, she thinks Ms. Rocha, 26, will be significant, too.
The stage was set, then, for possible closure.
The key is that we have an idea, we find the three or five people initially that had the idea a long time ago or had a similar idea across the government, put them together in this lean start-up team, liberate them to actually operate, give them the air coverage to do so, and they rock ’n’ roll from there.
The feast, in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, will run Mondays through Fridays through July 21, 6 to 11 p.m. and weekends, noon to midnight.
“All we feel is incredibly grateful and happy that he’s going to be O.K.
But she makes Top 40 standards — including, but of course, “I Will Always Love You” — sound brand-new, with a voice that twists notes into unexpected, shimmering shapes.
My husband and I do not ever want either of our children to go someplace without our permission or with people we do not know, but we also want to raise children who would help someone in need.
Although these vehicles keep a large majority of their assets in stocks and bonds, they also invest in alternatives like commodities, real estate investment trusts or hedge fund strategies.
“That’s terrible to say that ‘I choke’ and ‘I throw up on myself,’ but I’m just honest that I did that,” he said.
Determine central ideas or themes of a text and analyze their development; summarize the key supporting details and ideas.
When I got there, I learned that to retrieve each key’s measurements, I would have to pay a $9.99 fee to KeyMe, a cost that is not apparent when you download the free app.
He gave us a lot of chances to win.” Harding, 28, announced in October that he had M.S.
“Let me say quite certainly that the ship is totally sound, that everyone on board is safe, and that here have been no injuries to any in the Hotchkiss group.” The trip, until the storm, had been decadent and exciting.
“Because of the path you have taken, what we have been trying to avoid has come to pass,” Mr. Aquino said.
As Steward told us, “By the early 1990s, we had a good position, acceptable but lacking knowledge base, and then Mitchell said ‘Okay, I’m open to bringing in DOE and GRI’ in 1991.” While Mitchell was himself unique, his story is not.
The Eno Center study, which was funded in part by U.S. Travel, examined the current infrastructure at six major airports and the economic impact of inadequate investment.
Pop Warner, the national organization made up of volunteer coaches and hundreds of thousands of children, some as young as 5, has reduced the amount of contact players can have in practice, and increased training for coaches, steps based partly on the medical belief that the brains of young players are particularly vulnerable because they have not fully developed.
“That the film succeeds without slipping too far into sentimentality or didacticism is in no small measure the result of Ms. Huffman’s wit and grace.
This week in The New York Times Book Review, J. Robert Lennon admires Jamie Quatro’s collection of stories, “I Want to Show You More,” calling it “an obsessive first collection that feels like a fifth or sixth.” Mr. Lennon writes : It is a dogged, brutally thoughtful piece of work, and gives us a writer of great originality and apparent artistic maturity who seems to have come out of nowhere.
PNC Bank Arts Center, Garden State Parkway, Exit 116.
And given how pure most of the seafood is, I wish the fried clams were the squishy whole-belly variety, not chewy frozen strips in a sarcophagus of breading.
Coceres was back, after carding a 78, and the two were making plans for a Friday cookout at the private home where Carballo is staying.
You don’t see a guy like Fifi in most places.” Fifi is another nickname for Hernandez, given by those closest to him.
“With anonymous payment systems, tracking has become virtually impossible,” he said.
SAG HARBOR “Lend Me a Tenor,” comedy by Ken Ludwig.
When Woodson was asked to describe what the playoffs are like, he said the two-month postseason feels like a roller coaster, a long and crazy ride that brings joyous highs and crushing lows.
After enduring years of dwindling sales, the company said on Monday that it was exploring “strategic options” — business code for searching for a savior.
Mr. Ahmadinejad is “suicidal,” Mr. Shariatmadari wrote, for openly aligning himself with Mr. Mashaei, as when he said recently that he and his aide were one and the same.
According to state news media, more than 1,000 Chinese companies manufacture around 70 percent of the world’s sex toys, generating $2 billion a year as of 2010.
The open-access model for the project at Pittsburgh is increasingly the pattern with government data.
A George Coetzee bogey and a double bogey by Tim Clark dropped them from the top of the leaderboard, just as Mickelson sticks his approach shot on No.
One of those men is Doyle R. Paroline, who was caught with 280 images of children, including toddlers, being sexually abused.
Abercrombie & Fitch shares sank after a crucial sales measure declined in the all-important holiday quarter.
We did so many good things.
The military recently accused an award-winning journalist who covers the Sinai of “publishing false information about the army.” The grounds for these arrests are often obscure or seem arbitrary.
I meet friends down there, too.
i stil think americun pie is highr in its grossnuss but wot do i kno lol #teamhaneke.” During the Academy Awards ceremony the fake Haneke wrote that the bear from Werner Herzog’s film “Grizzly Man” would “totuly tayk that ted in a fite.
“We’ll all have to be careful not to overreact to inevitable bumps,” Mr. Aborn said.
Toward that goal, Citigroup reduced assets in its Citi Holdings unit by 31 percent in the second quarter, to $131 billion.
The documents were written to prevent a “direct competitor” of the company from acquiring its debt.
The federals might have been totally destroyed had it not been for Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas, who earned the nom de guerre “Rock of Chickamauga” for his stout defense with a portion of the army.
Mr. Roxas named his store Hayward after the city near San Francisco that was his home in the United States, where he worked for three decades.
“That there is a group or a party called the Egyptian Nazi Party is not just a surprise to me, it would be a surprise to most Egyptian people,” he said.
She is “the absolute love of my life” to the man she is dating, a black American named Blaine, who teaches at Yale.
The set was all one unbroken performative system; it didn’t rest on its material per se, but on Mr. Anselmo’s whole method of intent and definition and play.
“I think I’m just happy that we got the win,” Paille said.
You were offered a professorship at the Universität der Künste Berlin, or Berlin University of the Arts.
Finally, we need to revise eligibility for hospice care.
Lois says she often used to ask Tarkanian about simply walking away.
The plan was to transform the Eden Gardens into a mosaic of Mr. Tendulkar’s image.
Algonquin Arts Center, 173 Main Street.
Demand for tickets, at $87,000 a person, was so strong that a second tour was added right away.
Today, the people outside fashion shows are more like peacocks than crows.
But the circuit also has a very long straight in which the cars run at full throttle for about 15 seconds, producing around 800 kilograms, or nearly 1,800 pounds, of downforce on the tires.
David Dewhurst and United States Senator Ted Cruz have made similar overtures to out-of-state companies, including Beretta U.S.A. in Maryland and Smith & Wesson in Massachusetts.
“What the hell are you doing?” Rice replied.
Factoring In a Boyfriend While negotiating my salary last year, my boss noted that my boyfriend had a secure job and could support me, so I should not be asking for more money.
“Most of the sex that went on in the house, and probably all of it, was consensual,” he claimed.
“Some customers will intentionally not wash their hands because they don’t want to tip you,” Mr. Edwards said.
It would be accompanied by a 12.9 percent value-added levy, which critics like to call a national sales tax.
“And here were living examples, the people who had been on that anthology, and you could sit in a small wooden kind of room and be with them.
“It’s easy to tip it over, and there are no helmets or restraints.
“Top of the Lake” belongs to a budding genre that several critics , including Alessandra Stanley in The Times and Matt Zoller Seitz in Salon, have called Slow TV.
At first, my new roommate’s cat, Romeo, was as charming as the Shakespearean lover.
A survey commissioned by international health organizations in 2011 for World Contraception Day showed that nearly half of Indonesians surveyed had a close friend or family member who had an unplanned pregnancy in recent years, more than Thailand, India or China.
A 22-year-old woman who was adopted by an Irish woman from her native Vietnam when she was just six weeks old, Ms. Kavanagh is thoroughly Irish, down to her thick County Kerry accent and her mastery of the Irish language, which only 10 percent of the country speaks fluently.
Real interest rates are very low, indeed negative at the moment; so the opportunity cost of spending now, even if you look only at the fiscal side and ignore possible hysteresis effects on future revenues, is low.
The only recent report that Tehelka has published about Singh or the Alchemist group states that Punjabis in the northern state of Haryana want Singh as their chief minister.
So there was barely a raised eyebrow among those waiting in a Bronx courtroom in June when one gum-chewing, pocket-hankie-wearing lawyer strolled in late for the start of a trial over a grisly stabbing in Co-op City, saying his return flight from a weekend getaway to Puerto Rico had been delayed.
However, Mr. Mulgrew, who at one point in the interview referred to Mr. Thompson as Billy, declined to say if Mr. Thompson’s performance had succeeded in inching the candidate closer to the union’s coveted endorsement .
Some had not seen one another in 20 years.
But I have learned to try to find stability within the turbulence.
The bunkers behind the 10th resemble elongated donkey’s ears.
“There is that madness-genius gene in him because as a player he’s exceptional, with people talking about him being player of the year, but what he did today, is indefensible,” said the former Liverpool player Jamie Redknapp , a Sky Sports analyst.
Devils General Manager Lou Lamoriello said through a spokesman that there was no reason to think that Kovalchuk would not return.
Environmentalists need the courage to discuss national population growth.
But then the Grammys have been moving towards that for several years.
“There have been whispers in the matrix about this for years, even decades, but only in a very hypothetical sense,” said Alexander Urban , a geneticist at Stanford University.
The European Securities and Markets Authority reckons it will take at least a year, possibly two, before they are in place.
To Rachel’s credit, she said, “O.K.” Then, gently, as if I was having cold feet over my choice of a husband, she said, “It is totally normal to feel this way.” “I saw a dress out front when I came in,” I said.
Google has been in talks with program providers, including cable channels, about distribution over the Internet, a more complicated approach — the cable systems that distribute programming would be left out of the mix — with a higher risk in execution.
He has been described as one of the architects of the 2009 “cash for clunkers” program, in which the federal government paid people to trade in their old cars for new ones with better fuel economy.
The overhaul removed some onerous requirements for applicants, like forcing them to renounce their current citizenship.
Now, JPMorgan is facing a criminal inquiry about whether it misled investors and regulators about the botched derivative trades.
Hansen made it clear that he would move the team to Seattle to replace the SuperSonics, who were moved to Oklahoma City in 2008.
The real world is messy.
It’s a tactic that appeals to people who would rather suffer themselves than see a black person benefit.” Opponents of the expansion bristled at the suggestion that race had anything to do with their position.
“They just aren’t out there, so we felt this was the smart move.” If Granderson were to reject the offer and sign with the White Sox or someone else, the Yankees could go after Carlos Beltran or Shin-Soo Choo, both free agents, to replace him.
The older woman’s cost of love: $880 a year.
James was presented with the Maurice Podoloff Trophy for the fourth time after collecting 120 of the 121 first-place votes, with Carmelo Anthony of the Knicks picking up the lone remaining top choice.
“After talking a while in front of a campfire over drinks one night, Dorsey and Twitter’s then chief financial officer, Ali Rowghani, proposed to Systrom what they considered a formal offer to buy Instagram.
A. I do, if they’re going on the weekend I’m there.
Dacia’s European sales nearly doubled in 2009 from 2008 to more than 214,000 cars.
Most damaging, it obscures the extent to which Americans create their own problems and shifts attention from what they can and should do to overcome them — whether it’s protecting national secrets from the likes of a Edward Snowden or developing and executing a consistent, intelligible policy toward Syria and Iran.
If Fox’s talking heads are attack dogs, they are poodles compared with the pit bulls he favors at MSNBC.
In a letter to members, Louis W. Cabot, chairman of the academy’s board, said that Ms. Berlowitz would resign effective July 31, with no severance.
“My inspiration normally comes from heartbreak, but I don’t think I’m ever going to be devastated again” — Adele, the winner for best song and new mother, in the press room.
Bishop provided Figure 1, which was constructed by Cushing, to show how much the base of the Democratic Party had shifted to densely populated metropolitan areas by 2008: “The Big Sort” focuses on one of the key factors behind these geographic trends: people are increasingly choosing to move into neighborhoods and communities of like-minded people who share their political views, creating what Bishop and Cushing call “way-of-life segregation.” Americans, in their view, have been sorting themselves over the past three decades into homogeneous communities — not at the regional level, or the red-state/blue-state level, but at the micro level of city and neighborhood.
What were your favorite books as a child?
Among the stocks on the move on Monday, Anadarko Petroleum climbed $1.22, or 1 percent, to $91.02.
The party’s job, it says, “is to champion private growth so people will not turn to the government in the first place,” but the party has never been able to demonstrate how its trickle-down agenda of cutting budgets and taxes, embodied by the new Paul Ryan House budget, would do that.
He stands solidly in support of undocumented immigrants.
And the first track is excellent.
In the very e-mails quoted in Gawker, Mr. Oxford wrote: “I would like to be very clear that this trip is for my own understanding and I am not representing NYT this time.” That’s clear enough.
My view is that the presence of so many Americans without insurance or receiving inadequate health care is a moral affront to our affluent and generous nation.
He also suggested that he would be open to buying long-term government bonds, as well as corporate assets, to pump more funds into the economy.
I cannot lie.” Modesty aside, the Bruins are glad to have him.
Premium Crosswords is available through subscription only.
Lillard’s effective 3-point shooting combined with his .859 percentage from the free-throw line gives him a true shooting percentage — a measure of scoring efficiency that takes into account scoring from both the floor and the foul line — of .550, well above the league average of .534.
Sometimes the dance jibes with the music, sometimes it fights it.
The casino had gobs of data on its customers.
From their entrances, the cast members build up a bank of good vibrations.
But I am often puzzled by the number of retail and professional service businesses that pass up these opportunities.
), the Federal Agencies Digitization Guidelines Initiative (FADGI) Still Image working group drafted a thorough paper covering this topic .
He added, with a chuckle: “It was a big hubbub about it nationwide, but the players were like: ‘Well, yeah, I heard that.
The jailed Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan on Thursday called for a cease-fire and ordered all his fighters off Turkish soil, in a landmark moment for a newly energized effort to end three decades of armed conflict with the Turkish government.
That’s the A.C.L.U.’s position and message, in an invitation of sorts that it plans to distribute through Facebook, Twitter and the like.
The Yankees began to think that Hughes, who relies heavily on his four-seam fastball, would be better suited pitching elsewhere.
If the all-star downtown cast (which includes Quincy Tyler Bernstine, Matthew Maher and Jennifer R. Morris) and subject matter aren’t enough of a draw, there’s also a new score by Michael Friedman (“Love’s Labour’s Lost”).
Looking through Vogue in the early ’20s, as well as the Seeberger Brothers’ photographs of “grandes elegantes,” at places like Chantilly, one sees skirts well below the knees, with all kinds of drapes and entanglements.
German-American Steuben Parade (Saturday) The annual parade — in its 56th year — will begin at noon at Fifth Avenue and 68th Street and head north to 86th Street; the reviewing stand is at 79th Street.
The number of people who flew increased geometrically.
“Vegas used to have the mentality of ‘Build it and they will come’ — and they did,” he said.
Both charges supposedly involve financial transactions that took place when Mr. Bo was mayor of the northeastern port city of Dalian.
DealBook » Son of Wells Fargo Director Receives $1.4 Million | Scott P. Quigley, whose father has been a Wells Fargo director since 1994, works as a manager in the bank’s principal investments group, Bloomberg News reports.
After the airplane could fly from one country to another, how did commerce or warfare change?
And he did not dream too much of the future, just in case there was none.
Mr. Kiram was born on July 16, 1938, in Maimbung, the Philippines.
A mutual acquaintance warned me, “He’s grumpy and doesn’t like dogs.” Apparently her dog had done a little submission tinkling on his shoes, and he had become irritated.
In particular, rent growth is flagging in the Washington area, where some 35,700 units are under construction.
The judges said that many civilians were killed or died from hunger, illness and mistreatment during the campaign to create zones for Serbs only in Bosnia.
South Camden Theater Company, Waterfront South Theater, 400 Jasper Street.
The pediatrics academy’s support for same-sex marriage heartened him.
Still, Zaroka is clearly a place to enjoy tandoori selections; we wished we had ordered more.
Many will make their way to one of the most compelling spots on the battlefield, the rocky tor called Little Round Top, where they will ponder, discuss, and probably argue about the deeds of one of the battle’s most famous participants, Col. Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain of the 20th Maine.
They don’t demand help.” Ms. Sanford, whose husband and two children are active-duty soldiers, said the suicide rate had prompted her to get involved in rural East Texas.
One-third of that is done, Mr. Dundar said, with the rest scheduled to be finished within the year.
“I know my mom would want me to coach tonight’s game, and I do so to honor her memory,” Brooks said.
(Scott) ★ ‘The Conjuring’ (R, 1:52) This fantastically effective haunted-house movie directed by James Wan purports to tell a true 1970s story about a family whose pastoral dream became a nightmare soon after they moved into a farmhouse.
In past episodes, he has investigated rare hallucinogenic tree frogs in the Amazon, an abandoned missile silo in Kansas that became the world’s most productive LSD lab and a Haitian drug that supposedly turned people into zombies.
The investor has the same responsibilities as any other shareholder, and the co-op board would know if the investor was paying his share of operating costs.
It wasn’t — it had just been forgotten after a Texas company illegally diverted the Rio Grande in 1906.
“He is someone who victimized an innocent young lady by an act of evil and in my opinion deserves no notoriety and certainly no celebrity.
President Obama will meet executives from leading technology companies like Google and Apple on Tuesday to discuss ways to improve the federal health care exchange website, the White House said.
It starts with Elvis pretty much, and all the great talents that came out of America.
Baggage Limits I ruled out Ryanair for my trip once I saw that passengers are allowed only one carry-on, weighing up to 10 kilograms (22 pounds), an amount my bag often exceeds once it’s filled with a laptop, toiletries, chargers and other electronics.
Porter was originally supposed to come out in September, the biggest month for fashion magazines.
The patients in the study underwent the usual procedure, but one group experienced a slight change at the end.
Language skills are essential so workers can communicate with their bosses, but math skills are just as important in textile work because sewing requires precise measurements.
Both products are sold under the moniker Cecil & Merl, which, like the name James, is a tribute to beloved relatives: Cakes, $55 for 8 to 10 servings, and bitters, $26 for 5 ounces; (347) 405-9981, cecilandmerl.com .
Some reactions were amused: “the internet is really really great… for porn!” #EUPornBan — Tina (@twena) March 7, 2013 Rick #Falkvinge says EU is about to ban all porn is.gd/k1iPkd would that include Lady Chatterly’s Lover?
I loved working with marquetry and paneling of woods and colors and all those different things, just making things.
in the next budget round and $20 million to expand the federal reporting system on violent deaths to all 50 states, from the current 18.
And as long as this is the case, the Indian republic will survive.” (For our readers outside India, the Indian government classifies some of its citizens according to socioeconomic status, grouping them under the labels Backward Classes, Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.)
“He looks forward,” Mackay said.
“I don’t believe this bill’s blanket ban on semiautomatic rifles would reduce criminal activity or enhance public safety enough to warrant this infringement on gun owners’ rights.” Mr. Brown signed several other pieces of gun legislation on Friday, including curbs on high-capacity magazines, a ban on lead hunting ammunition, new limits on firearms storage and several measures intended to keep mentally ill people from possessing firearms.
President Obama hosted a casual off-the-record meeting with a diverse group of energy and climate change experts at the White House on Thursday evening, officials and participants said Friday.
As you grow older, your passions start to collate and they become one, and that’s when sometimes great businesses are formed.
14s have advanced to the Sweet 16: Cleveland State (with Mouse McFadden) in 1986 and Chattanooga in 1997.
He played in Chelsea blue as a defender for 11 years.
After I graduated in 1976, it hired me for an entry-level job, as a program analyst, and I have never looked back.
For my money, the best intersection of price and quality came from Spain: a lovely, spicy, earthy Montsant from Celler de Capçanes for $20.
Among the outstanding selections are one called 14 ½, made with tiny, spicy Calabrian chilies and meaty soppressata; Spring Betty, which includes leeks, goat cheese and a velvety sauce produced from dried morels that Paul Holzheimer, the other executive chef, steeps in heavy cream; and the fancifully named Radiculous, Porta’s vegan option.
For one thing, the actors for the most part all get to be called by their own names, so what performer wouldn’t warm to that, though I doubt that the charming Oliver Rix has in real life ever auditioned to play a celluloid super-hero known as “Elastic-Man” — as befalls him in this play.
‘An Intimate Evening With Ntozake Shange’ (Friday) Ms. Shange, author of the 1976 Broadway play “For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide/When the Rainbow Is Enuf,” will read from her plays, novels, essays and children’s books at this fund-raiser at the Sugar Hill Restaurant & Supper Club, 609 Dekalb Avenue, at Nostrand Avenue, Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn.
said he was hopeful new financing could be found.
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 32 shots for the Penguins, who have not trailed through three games.
Still, some guests grumble at the inconvenience of it all.
To report a violation — like saws screeching on a Sunday morning or safety concerns — Mr. Sclafani recommended that New Yorkers call 311, which may result in the arrival of a buildings department inspector and possibly, a stop-work order or fines.
Many Americans, of course, suffer from legitimate physical and emotional ailments that are eased by the presence of an animal.
On Monday, a day after Japan reveled in the good news, the stocks of general contractors, property developers and other long-suffering construction-related companies surged in Tokyo, as investors anticipated a construction boom before the 2020 Olympic Games.
SENATORS 5, LIGHTNING 3 After building an early 4-0 lead, Ottawa held off Tampa Bay at home.
The first is that our own intelligence is an evolved biological solution to a kind of optimization problem, operating under very tight constraints of time, energy, raw materials, historical starting point and no doubt many other factors.
But its gun laws are now likely to be rolled back as part of a long-standing push to deny cities the power to regulate guns.
“I’ve had the Turkish government after me, I’ve had the I.R.S.
36 Battery Place, Lower Manhattan, (646) 437-4202, mjhnyc.org; $12, $10 for 65+, $7 for students; free for members and children 12 and younger.
Use the right knife for each task: a serrated blade, for example, is best for bread and safer for the person slicing it.
Citroën, 42, Champs-Élysées; citroenet.org.uk/miscellaneous/champselysees/c42/c42-1.html .
When it is completed (October is the plan) this coastal-mountain road will rival California’s Pacific Coast Highway.
“If Starbucks wants to set their prices high, they can set them high.
As I wind up another semester of teaching at Notre Dame, I’ve been thinking about what I’m actually accomplishing in the classroom.
But maybe there’s a longer con at play.
Mr. Shargel declined to comment after the proceeding.
Recently, he said he was chatting with a young waiter in a restaurant who told him he was a Cuban refugee working to put himself through college.
A judge at the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague has exposed a deep rift at the highest levels of the court in a blistering letter suggesting that the court’s president, an American, pressured other judges into approving the recent acquittals of top Serb and Croat commanders.
When New York votes, there’s always an Iowa take-away.
But they suffered a huge loss when high-scoring Zach Parise, the team captain, left as a free agent and they have been battered by injuries.
For Ms. Quinn, the endorsement could not come at a better time.
Bergner refers to the possibility of “a new, unvarnished norm” for female sex drive, but the scientists he interviews aren’t simply arguing that women have a stronger sex drive than commonly thought; some of them are rethinking the significance of female sexuality in reproduction.
But as heart-stopping as the aerial sequences are (they were lifted, essentially intact, for the 1938 remake of “The Dawn Patrol” starring Errol Flynn), the real drama is on the ground, where the men quietly learn to live with the daily prospect of death.
One law will be amended to ensure that changes to the charter — and therefore to the system of press regulation — can be made only if there is agreement by two-thirds of both houses of Parliament.
Though it is 40 years since his death, I often dream of him, and of my parents and of former patients — all long gone but loved and important in my life.
He landed his first large-scale mural in 2009, for a residential development in Toronto called City Place.
Almost two weeks into the Stanley Cup playoffs, the Gryba hit on Eller reverberates more than any other story line.
“But we haven’t taken any asset off the table.
During instrumental interludes we see touching flashbacks to the childhood of the two friends, with two children playing the boys gathered at Saul’s family table.
The Italian sizing also seems ungenerous, but I consoled myself with the thought that $1,190 is really too much to pay for something with an elastic waistband.
Friends say Mr. Li sometimes joined in campus salons, where students stayed up late into the night debating electoral politics, Western philosophy and the excesses of authoritarian rule.
While arbitrators pay for their decisions, which anger either the owners or the players, they don’t always receive credit for the significance of their decisions.
The earlier version, at least from the video clips available on the Internet, was a cross between a children’s story and a Cirque du Soleil show, featuring clumsy, off-putting costumes and choreography that made heavy use of Heely-like shoes with skating wheels embedded in them.
And, What is the way?
disclosures, according to two people who were briefed on Google’s plans but were not authorized to speak publicly about them.
Maria Elena Anaya (Fridays and Saturdays, through Sept. 28) Ms. Anaya, a flamenco artist based in Mexico, travels north with “Eclipsis Flamenco: Encounter of Two Worlds,” a collaboration with the director Nora Jacobs.
“Once they finish negotiations on the treaty, they need to get it approved by the Senate,” said Erin Ennis, vice president of the U.S.-China Business Council .
She has breeding and class, but also enough of what it takes to win the popular vote.
I think that those people that wear it are advocators for that.
Still, beneath the romantic name, Ackroyd reminds us, the Wars of the Roses amounted to little more than gangland carnage: “These were all ­vicious and ruthless men.” The book is most engaging when not attending to matters of state.
“I think Oprah understands the pressure of this interview,” Armstrong said Saturday in a telephone interview.
“It was partly to instill courage.” Until 1974, Sikhs were allowed to serve in the United States military with unshorn hair and beards.
With Pete Dominick,” but will not be “stuck in the paradigm of politics,” said Mr. Dominick, 37, in an interview at SiriusXM’s Manhattan offices.
The researcher Gilbert Welch has suggested, “Mammography has both benefits and harms — that’s why it’s a personal decision.” That was also the message of the 2009 task force, which was derailed by politics: scientific evidence indicates that getting mammograms every other year if you are between the ages of 50 and 74 makes sense; if you fall outside that age group and still want to be screened, you should be fully informed of the downsides.
Her sister, who at 33 is too old to qualify for the amnesty program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, is still working to attain citizenship.
“They think that’s only for rich people.” These state efforts come at a particularly challenging time for public schools.
After two or three years, your ability to perform at Google is completely unrelated to how you performed when you were in school, because the skills you required in college are very different.
Shares in the company, a sandwich chain, more than doubled in their trading debut on Friday, opening at $28.66 each.
“We’re an experienced group that has been through a lot,” Julien said.
Here is the first set of responses from Ms. Heen.
If we’re playing on our heels, then you have a lot of regrets at the end of the night.” Lundqvist was not at practice Friday, but his teammates said they were unaware of overtime tightness.
(Anderson) Okkervil River (Monday) These erudite indie-rockers from Austin, Tex., are known for vast conceptual albums, be the topics a heroin-addicted folk singer (“Black Sheep Boy”) or the plight of a failing glam-rock band (“The Stand Ins”).
And a few days later, Appelbaum did it again.
Mr. Cruz, with the help of several other conservatives, said they would filibuster the gun measure to make sure it did not even get a vote.
“They are starting to bite and starting to weaken growth,” Mr. Zandi said.
The medial fat pad, which gives young cheeks their pleasing plumpness, thins out and moves down, tugged by gravity’s relentless toll.
Willis is credited — by those in the know — with marrying traditional Moroccan craftsmanship to a modern, opulent, design aesthetic.
The design was flawed because the groove limited the surface area inside the cup in which the device’s ball could rotate as a patient moved.
“Nineteen thousand will commit suicide with handguns.
More records then emerged that tied other players, including the Milwaukee Brewers slugger Ryan Braun, to the clinic.
The work of Ulrich Seidl can perhaps be summed up by his preferred camera perspective: head-on, often boxed in, warts and all.
After a while I assumed that was a yes.
Ms. Giffords spoke for a few seconds.
The building would divide into root-like branches that lift it safely above rising water.
Sept. 22 at 6 p.m. $15.
Check Yes or No” carefully left, with “no” checked off, in Sophie’s desk, or a lunch snatched and thrown on the playground.
The designer began this journey by asking a key question: What is haute couture?
Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to a fund-raiser on Staten Island on Monday for Joseph Lhota, his former deputy who is running for Mr. Giuliani’s old job.
A turbocharged fastback model sat outside.
Dr. Higgs and Dr. Englert will split a prize of $1.2 million, to be awarded in Stockholm on Dec. 10.
Martin Marietta denied permitting any safety or environmental irregularities.
A wooden stairway ascends to the living quarters, which include a lounge with stone fireplace, heavy wooden ceiling beams and a natural limestone wall.
Some 45 percent of food stamp recipients are children, for example.
And only 413 people show up for a September game at the Stadium.
Verizon Wireless to Pay $7 Billion Dividend to Parents | Verizon Wireless said on Monday it would pay Verizon Communications and the Vodafone Group a $7 billion dividend in June, taking some analysts by surprise, Reuters reports.
Newtown continued to shift the mood on Capitol Hill.
Captivated by the teleplay, which starred Eileen Heckart, Ms. Zolotow discerned in Mr. Zindel the profound understanding of adolescents that can elude even good writers.
(Otherwise, a critic might be put in the unseemly position of reviewing his own performance.)
is acting within its mandate,” he told the court.
Will Shortz comments, “I think of the Times crossword as being like a circus, in which you never know which kind of surprise will come next.
But anyone familiar with Stephen Curry, the streaky point guard for the Golden State Warriors, knew it was time to find a television — fast.
For the woman in South Delhi who said the police had refused to take her rape complaint seriously, politicization of the police means justice is available only to the well connected.
Mr. Franklin, 63, was scheduled to die for killing Gerald Gordon, 42, in a sniper attack outside a suburban St. Louis synagogue in 1977.
Wang Xia, chairman of the automotive committee of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, a government-controlled group, said in a brief interview that he expected Chinese carmakers to enter the United States market in five years.
Ms. LeKae’s cotton-candy voice matches up nicely with Ms. Ross’s, and she twitches her twiggy frame capably as Diana moves from awkward teenager to glamorous diva, even if the real Ms. Ross’s metallic edges — or should I say, as I’m sure she would prefer, the real Miss Ross’s metallic edges?
Mr. Hoffmann had hoped that Ms. Quinn would win his club’s endorsement, while Mr. Botfeld had been lobbying for Mr. de Blasio.
Some of the buildings had been offered for sale individually but the transactions were not completed because of the lengthy process of selling them that way, and the Beilers’ desire for a quick conclusion.
But while blasting Green Day songs, as he has since the 1980s, Mr. Armstrong had also been considering the opposite end of the volume spectrum.
Scotland’s electorate expressed backing for devolution in 1979 and 1997; in 2014 its experience of competent, responsive social democratic government may encourage it to take the bolder step.
J. J. Hardy hit a two-run single in the fourth inning to start Baltimore’s comeback from a three-run deficit.
He doesn’t orchestrate movement to the beat of a pounding ball like Chris Paul, use superhuman speed and strength to blow by defenders like Russell Westbrook, force fans to hold their breath the second he crosses half court like Curry, or score at will from anywhere on the floor like Kyrie Irving.
This incident takes the number of self-immolations by Tibetan exiles protesting China’s rule in their home country just one shy of 100.
Mr. Draghi argued that the appreciation of the euro “is a sign of return of confidence.” Some analysts said it could take a bigger increase in the currency’s value before the E.C.B.
You might make crab cakes, stretching the meat out with ground crackers or bread crumbs, binding everything with egg.
Then there’s that other part of us that thinks, both fearfully and hopefully, “It can’t last.” Such thoughts are inevitably stirred by David Leveaux’s lopsided production of “Romeo and Juliet,” which opened on Thursday night at the Richard Rodgers Theater, with the equally exquisite-looking Orlando Bloom and Condola Rashad in the title roles.
The system allows open-ended detention, and subjects are sometimes beaten, starved and deprived of sleep to force confessions.
So here’s one man’s raw, naked prediction: “I’m not being totally facetious when I say that business travel will be just as awful as it is today,” said Mr. Boyd, the president of Boyd Group International, an industry forecasting company.
Expected to Step Down | GE Capital’s chief executive, Michael Neal, is said to leave as early as this summer, The Wall Street Journal reports.
“If we follow the law, as laid out under the Endangered Species Act, they will come back.
In “Rameau’s Nephew,” Diderot gave life to a character who assailed the author’s deep-rooted humanism.
The Novartis breakthrough drug Gleevec should not be viewed as “evergreening” — making small changes to a drug to extend a patent.
Or (why miss the boat?)
“He knows me,” he yelled to Mr. Cali, claiming the tow.
When the same information came up again, I called the airline, intending to let them know their Web site was wrong and they were experiencing some kind of computer glitch.
Powerhouse Theater, 124 Raymond Avenue.
She ducked occasionally to avoid being whacked by oncoming branches, and people looked up at her with amusement.
Ms. Abramovic has promised to hug every person who has contributed.
“We are pleased that officials in the Bronx took a serious look at this case and brought an indictment after finding police misconduct,” said Abbe Serphos, a Times spokeswoman.
But last week, the union representing IKA workers warned of cuts of 10 to 30 percent in pensions next year.
But the opposition party claimed that she and the conservative government of her predecessor, Lee Myung-bak, colluded to manipulate the election results.
They also hark back to a third California Republican, Chief Justice Earl Warren, another former governor, who wrote Brown v. Board of Education , the 1954 decision barring segregation in public schools.
Vaguely indicating the lower torso, the word “core” has been rippling (as it were) through American fitness programs for about a decade.
The argument would go something like this: First, many financial experts consider the Fed’s policies a driving force behind the surge in the stock market.
“And I think he probably made it clear to the cardinals that he would do things differently at the Vatican.” Cardinal Bergoglio was elected after five rounds of voting over two days.
“What little respect I clawed my way to, I totally erased.” Her overriding concern in those years, though, was living up to her own professed grace.
Diesel generators, an older, dirtier form of decentralized energy, are common, as is natural gas.
He has an interesting kind of situation to straddle that other contemporary artists don’t, in that it’s important for his work to maintain credibility for a younger audience, as well as all the collectors who are buying his work.” Prices for that work range from $15,000 for a diptych to $300,000 for an installation.
Marlene Castro knew the tall blonde woman only as Laurene, her mentor.
Aug. 15 at 7 p.m. Free.
Ms. Osipova has been a stellar component of American Ballet Theater’s spring seasons since 2009; Mr. Vasiliev, with whom she rose to the top ranks of the Bolshoi Ballet not many years ago, began to dance with Ballet Theater in 2011.
Secretary of State John Kerry said on Monday that the Obama administration has been considering new steps to increase support for the Syrian opposition and hasten the departure of President Bashar al-Assad and that some of them would be decided at an international conference in Rome this week.
“There should not be infighting like this in the future,” he said as he handed over stewardship of Koyasan to Mr. Soeda.
I am also fortunate that I am here on Mauni Amavasya, one of the main royal bathing days.
Your Amtrak train rolls through San Luis Obispo, Calif.; you go to Cal Poly.
Maple and Main Gallery, 1 Maple Street.
Declarer won with dummy’s ace and played a diamond to his king.
Its nicer touches seemed out of place — mixed in with the cloth seats and plasticky controls were chrome door handles, brushed-steel steering wheel trim and a tech package with satellite radio and the aforementioned navigation system.
Last week, the Telegraph Media Group, publisher of the biggest broadsheet in Britain, said it would start charging British domestic readers for access, having previously introduced a pay wall for its international audience.
The politically astute Lincoln was aware that Vallandigham’s arrest and conviction posed more problems than it solved.
Parker will often initiate the motion at a gallop so the Spurs have ample time to run through their intricate motions before the shot clock expires.
I tracked down the block where he was lying in wait, I saw the entrance, I have climbed the stairs to his floor.
PAUL SIEGEL New York, July 14, 2013 The writer, a clinical psychologist, is associate professor of psychology at Westchester Community College.
And it is not clear, Getty officials say privately, that simply returning the bed will do much to sate Turkish interest in a host of other items.
Yes, Port can be confusing, which may be another reason why some drinkers shy away.
It is empowered to investigate any government program or regulation, in and out of the intelligence world, and make recommendations on how to improve its privacy and civil liberties record.
Payton won the award in 1977, and the N.F.L.
Anjélica Castillo liked to ask questions.
“Indeed, it seems likely that a filmmaker would have a point of view going into a project,” Judge Ellis wrote.
And like that, his race day was done.
“You need a strong visualizer for a show that is a romance and a comedy, who can balance highly theatrical production numbers with intimate father-son scenes,” Mr. Furman said.
“There are times when information-avoidance doesn’t get reduced because of contemplation,” Ms. Howell said.
Some consumers maintain traditional checking accounts but transfer money onto prepaid cards to pay bills, to help make sure they don’t overspend.
Mr. Pasquale, who was so good as the aggressively clueless Sean Garrity in “Rescue Me,” is a bit tentative here through two episodes, which is probably understandable, given the diffuseness of Jason-Ian, more of a construct than a pair of real characters at this point.
Scottevest’s jackets can hold a drawer’s worth of travel gear.
What’s going to happen in Africa when everybody gets a television set, when modernity comes?” For now, that question is largely academic here.
Guyot had used these annual treks to painstakingly record terrain, topography and elevation, all in an effort to understand and map the entire mountain system.
With consecutive victories over the Minnesota Vikings and the Philadelphia Eagles, the Giants improved to 2-6 before last weekend’s bye, keeping their faint N.F.C.
As the scandal unfolded that sent Jerry Sandusky, the former Penn State assistant football coach, to prison last year for raping and molesting 10 boys, it became clear that Pennsylvania’s child abuse laws were among the weakest in the nation.
Málaga is in the Champions League for the first time this season, but will not be in the competition (or any other continental tournament) next season.
“As Ms. Deen has stated before, she is confident that those who truly know how she lives her life know that she believes in equal opportunity, kindness and fairness for everyone,” said the spokeswoman, Elana Weiss Rose.
It can encamp inside a bottle cap, under a house or in any container holding water, making it difficult to find and kill.
One such space is called D Cafe, and it is included in the first of three phases of the new headquarters project.
Years ago Kramer, who was a great man and great filmmaker, asked me to remake “High Noon.” Having the utmost respect for him, it was hard to say no to this legendary artist, but I said: “You know, Mr. Kramer, I’m definitely not worthy of this honor.
As the crisis deepened, the parallels to 2011 were striking.
Perhaps all this is a coincidence; the firm has not yet been willing to discuss these points.
The automaker modified the engine to make premium gas recommended rather than required, which sacrificed power and fuel economy, but it was too late.
(Chick-fil-A declined to comment for this post).
For 2013, he said the group would outperform the Swiss watch industry as a whole, whose exports have risen 1.7 percent in the 11 months to November, compared with the period last year.
We saw paranoia, greed and competitiveness as well as camaraderie, flash-mob-like fun and sincere or cash-driven reverence.
DoubleTree by Hilton has teamed up with Google to create a YouTube channel called DTour , which allows travelers to post their photos and videos from other social-networking sites like Facebook, GooglePlus and Instagram.
The police said he left a note indicating that he had leapt to his death.
Ms. Smet traveled to Zimbabwe, where a company called Wild Horizons offers elephant-back safaris.
Signs outside the Bar-B-Q Shop (dancingpigs.com) obnoxiously trumpeted its product as “Best in Memphis” (twice); inside I was greeted with “I’m Jim, and I’ll be taking care of you today” — a bit too Olive Garden for me.
Clearly the health care reform has brought this into the consciousness of people in a way that we could never have, with our minuscule marketing budget.
That’s all from The Lede today, but The Times’s Adam Liptak and Peter Baker have a full report from the court, and Sheryl Gay Stolberg profiled Mary Bonauto , a lawyer from Maine who has been plotting the legal strategy for supporters of same-sex marriage for a decade.
“But crash-test dummies are typically normal size adults and children.
“On the outside, I looked calm, but I was nervous inside.
The militias later turned on one another, plunging the country into two decades of chaos.
He started there in 1961 and took over from his boss in 1968.
And don’t blame me for introducing Saoirse Ronan, Ireland’s first honest-to-goodness Hollywood ingénue, just 19 years old, and with the most flawless skin I’ve ever seen, to Dublin’s most notorious bohemian bar.
“What the judge does by offering them an assessment appointment right from the bench often gets them in motion.” This June, researchers from the Vermont Center for Justice Research published an evaluation of Rapid Referral.
Mr. Obama made clear in his State of the Union address that “America’s commitment to a unified and sovereign Afghanistan will endure, but the nature of our commitment will change.” The American presence will be very small, perhaps not more than 10,000 troops.
“As soon as they lost I immediately was like, ‘Oh, man, it’s going to be the Harbowl mix, gotta be the Harbowl mix,’” Porter said.
For Friedman, who used to be the ultimate avatar of conservative economics, has essentially disappeared from right-wing discourse.
Brooklyn Navy Yard Center at BLDG 92: ‘Reflections on Rosie’ (Friday through Sunday, Wednesday and Thursday) The exhibition, “Reflections on Rosie,” contains the stories of women who worked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard during World War II and the female artists who now work in studios in the center.
As a result, some agencies still scan documents on to a computer and save them on floppy disks.
“The City of Chicago is not bankrupt,” he said.
Bentham and Mill didn’t support personal liberty in every instance — Mill was a proud imperialist when it came to India, and Bentham’s idea for a Panopticon prison was a model of state-sponsored surveillance.
It remains unclear what the wave of one-day strikes is seeking to achieve.
(Schweitzer) So Percussion (Saturday) This program features “the so-called laws of nature,” a major work for percussion by David Lang and an apt one for this Brooklyn quartet, which endlessly questions and reinvents its musical compass.
During a short question-and-answer session with reporters in the cavernous Washington Convention Center, I asked Dr. Chu whether sequestration would interrupt progress on energy problems.
The two share French as a primary language and are both sensitive souls who have needed time to get the balance and the details right.
But is there any real benefit?
Such are the hazards of digital misdirection, as Mr. Weiner found out.
“The police were banging on the tree with clubs until animal control got there.” There was a helicopter circling overhead, orange cones and police tape strung up, she said, and a general carnival atmosphere.
The group, which brews several brands, including Sol, Tiger, Strongbow cider and Europe’s best selling beer, Heineken lager, said operating profit in emerging markets grew by 7 percent on an equivalent basis and now made up half of the earnings for the group.
“Now we need to start looking at original design manufacturing and directly matching the needs of consumers.” Kay Chiu, vice president of Foxconn’s consumer electronics division, said in response to e-mailed questions that consumer interest and vertical integration — controlling all the steps in the supply chain — were behind the shift in production.
He may have more support than he thinks.
I was half asleep when I heard the announcer declare, “Hey, kids!
Baseball almost certainly will expedite his suspension to ensure he doesn’t play next week, but one of Quentin’s teammates could pay the price for his temper.
The deal includes five Hostess factories, which the buyers hope to restart so to begin restocking shore shelves by the summer.
But either because of budgetary constraints or creative disputes, the film was never made.
After he was taken prisoner nine months later by the soldiers of the junta and questioned, they learned that he had been connected with us.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
“One clinical perspective is that performance trumps everything,” said Shailendra P. Jain, a professor and chairman of the marketing and international business department at the University of Washington.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Thursday about Dr. Henry Morgentaler, the abortion doctor who won the landmark Canadian Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion in Canada in 1988, referred incorrectly to Canadian law regarding the appeal of acquittals.
Several Indonesians corralled the crowd and whispered fiercely to keep moving.
Dr. Rogers warned against walking with a pair of dumbbells.
I used to wake up to check Kieran multiple times each night and now I rarely do.
The price of the Treasury’s 10-year note fell 22/32, to 102 4/32, while its yield rose to 1.76 percent, from 1.74 percent on Friday.
Smoke filled parts of the compound, and shattered glass was strewn everywhere.
Ms. DeGeneres does have a history with ABC.
Mechanical failure was ruled out early on, and almost 33 years later, the causes that led to the crash on June 27, 1980, are still a topic of passionate debate in Italy, fueled by three decades of inquiry boards, parliamentary commissions, countless expert reports and one of the longest judicial inquiries in recent Italian history.
Jonathan Newhouse, chairman of Condé Nast International, regards Ms. Massenet both as a dynamic force within the industry and as an important advertiser.
But as Van Cortlandt’s cross-country course reaches the century mark this year, sections of it have been badly eroded by washouts, falling timber and pounding feet.
“I bought enough food and alcohol, so I will die happy,” joked a 22-year-old saleswoman who gave only her first name, Nour.
Civilians have added a layer of menace to Egypt’s violence in recent days, as so-called popular committees set up checkpoints in neighborhoods, searching cars and occasionally robbing their drivers.
Joe Torre, who recommended Mattingly to succeed him, said he could empathize with him.
It advertises on Craigslist, highlighting “Absolutely Pretty Russian & Asian” and a “qualified massage therapist.” Ms. Xu, who has been in the country 10 years and received a certificate at a beauty school, said she had trained many young women during those four years in various spa arts and some had gone on to open rival shops in the neighborhood.
How many special occasions did that poor deluded woman think she had left?
He wasn’t perfect, but because of countless fighters like him and my uncle, I can hold my head up high today.
Meanwhile, the diagnostic manual remains the best tool to guide clinicians on how to diagnose disorders and treat patients.
You look outward, at Boston’s harbor and skyline, or upward, into the light.
Almost one in four people are over age 65 — and that share is expected to approach one in three by 2030.
That dropped him back to seven under.
Most of the credit goes to survivors and victims’ families for 30 years of tenacious research and advocacy.
Ms. Rewcastle Brown’s news outlets have focused on the leadership of Sarawak’s chief minister, Abdul Taib Mahmud , and the wealth he has accumulated while in power.
William Neuman reports from Caracas.
Then Mr. Obama and Congress agreed on a plan of across-the-board, additional cuts that were set up to be so severe that they would force Congress toward a comprehensive taxes-and-spending plan.
It appeared likely to take days for journalists, privacy advocates and other close watchers of surveillance policy issues to finish scouring the trove.
A pre-eminent scholar of 19th-century photography, Mr. Daniel is a senior curator at the Met and a former head of the photography department.
So far this year, sales of the paperback with the original jacket art — a glowing cityscape and a pair of floating eyes — have been extraordinary.
Ms. Childress, a student at Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing and Visual Arts in Nevada, is one of eight high school seniors around the world blogging about their college searches for The Choice.
Some students took leadership courses.
The country’s main metropolises – Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, which each have populations of more than 10 million – suffer from chronic shortages of housing for low- to middle-income residents.
It could also be grouped, very loosely, with the music show “Glee” and the theater show “Smash,” except that “Bunheads” gets at what performance really means in its characters’ lives rather than using it as a kind of artificial sweetener to stimulate the fantasies of the audience.
Louis 649 has its impressive drinks as well.
All are displayed by type in a color-coordinated rectangle on the floor along with framed grids of photographs of each item.
Creating a visual anchor for that end of the park as well as for the riverfront, it would become a perch from which to look not just over the harbor but also back at Brooklyn.
(laughs) I like to keep it my secret place, the place I slip away to, away from the fashion crowd and madness.
Roger Lincoln Shinn was born in Germantown, Ohio, on Jan. 6, 1917.
On Aug 20, 2013, the New England Complex Systems Institute released a paper that used text analysis to identify geotagged positive and negative tweets in order to map sentiment across New York City.
At night, Mr. Gul and his wife sleep in the girls’ room, he on Fareba’s bed, his wife on Nabila’s.
It is my inner state of being.
Mr. Perret designed and built almost exclusively with concrete, creating flat-roofed apartment buildings with a total of 10,000 units lining broad thoroughfares on the 150-hectare, or 370-acre, site.
THE ART OF SIMPLE FOOD II: Recipes, Flavor and Inspiration From the New Kitchen Garden.
The “situation,” as he calls it, has not been easy.
It is also typically rife with false sympathy and unconvincing parallels between the life of the author and his or her tragic subjects.
Everything he says makes news.
Giggs has just turned 40, and is still a marvelously inventive player in Manchester United’s midfield.
At the same time, Ms. Locke realized she was having romantic feelings for Ms. Baxter.
“He’s probably a big tipper.
That legacy, of course, is more than pure messianic zeal.
June 27 at 6 p.m. Free.
My colleague Mark Bittman had an excellent column a few days ago about the health reasons to be wary, and in particular the salmonella risk.
It also means that Goldman will suffer a lesser hit to its rate of return.
“I realize how crazy that sounds, and people may say I take Instagram too seriously, but it has done so much for me.
But what happened behind the scenes was no joke.
If there’s a lot of background noise, you have to hold your wrist up to your head.
Curiously, the ferocious tug-of-war between Russia and the European Union over Ukraine has come down to whether Yulia Tymoshenko, the former Ukrainian prime minister who is serving a seven-year prison sentence, is freed in the next few days.
Instead, we opted to make small changes, putting down tile flooring and raising the new furnace a few feet.
Later, art and nature parted ways, with museums emerging devoted to one “kingdom” or another.
Information: (215) 247-0417 or chhist.org.
While Basel III is far from perfect and will unquestionably need to be modified and updated over time and with experience, it is our best hope for a desperately needed uniformity of capital regulation standards.
I’m a kid who climbed out of a coal mine.”
There are crucial questions on both sides, but the overarching issue is well expressed by Mr. Xi: It is time to achieve “a new type of great power relationship.” One important way to do this is to have it happening on the ground, not just in diplomatic conference rooms.
He has worked for the Giants since 1958; he has not been their clubhouse manager since 1958.
The party’s statement did not identify the victims by name, noting only that it regarded them as “members of our family,” but a Golden Dawn member of Parliament, Ilias Panagiotaros, told Greek radio that the two had been party members.
A spokesman for Mr. Putin said Mr. Berezovsky had recently sent a letter asking President Putin for forgiveness and permission to return to Russia.
In Roald Dahl’s 1952 short story “Skin,” a destitute man enters a gallery and displays a portrait tattooed on his back by a now celebrated painter, leading to a bidding war and an unsettling ending.
If it’s any consolation, even people raising children in New York are daunted; at any given moment another family is certainly doing something more enriching and entertaining than yours.
Pick: Dolphins Redskins (2-4) at Broncos (6-1) 4:25 p.m. Sunday Line: Broncos by 14 No one seemed to care that Denver could not play defense to save itself through the first six games because Peyton Manning, Knowshon Moreno and the offense were playing so well, it did not matter.
, you can pick a category like blockbuster movies, animals or music.
Depending on your home’s mix of hardware and software, you may be able to copy the shows to a disc with a connected DVD recorder or burn the shows to a DVD with other recording software.
Some part of me believed that we had just overstepped our boundaries as foreigners, that we would receive some sort of militiaman reprimand and be sent back down the road.
What Mr. Hayden did not realize was that a passenger a few seats away was doing some eavesdropping of his own.
“I’m assuming that once we get things going, things will go relatively quickly,” Granderson said.
Seeking to equalize populations across the states would have made it harder for Congress to equalize other types of resources between them.
‘'We have faced headwinds from a combination of continued tough economic conditions, particularly in Southern Europe and an adverse European regulatory environment,'’ Vodafone’s chief executive, Vittorio Colao, said in a statement.
Ms. Ferreras also demanded that the association be a “better neighbor,” with more tennis programs for children in low-income families and expanded opportunities for high schools to hold graduations at the center.
It may surprise our critics, but this is often matched by goodwill on the part of the many customers I meet in all parts of our business who truly want us to succeed.
It was 1949, and the Communists had just defeated the Nationalists in the civil war.
(The American Museum of Natural History , on the Upper West Side, is an uptown exception.)
Mr. Armstrong has said he is confident in Patch’s potential.
“It’s a very disillusioned generation,” said Eric Routen, 24, a student at New York Medical College who is single and lives in Westchester County, N.Y.
“For many years, the focus seemed to be on filling the pipeline with women — making sure that women were being recruited,” Ms. Landy said.
I reserved the smaller one, $75 plus tax, figuring if no one took the other one, we’d be upgraded.
President Obama quickly said he was “deeply disappointed” at the ruling and called on Congress to enact a new formula.
Most of the business comes from car collectors looking for a Y.O.M.
The two were joined later by a third co-founder, Sachin Shenoy, a holder of five patents who helped build many consumer products at Google.
When she stopped, there was no need to point; a sprawling, strangulating net of mile-a-minute covered hundreds of plants.
Honorable mention Harry Redknapp, he is always out there, somewhere; Carlos Quieroz, Ferguson’s longtime assistant who has bounced around the globe; Brendan Rodgers, one season at Liverpool does not a savior make; Roberto Martinez, went up with Swansea, now down with Wigan, but always in the conversation; Bruce Arena, just kidding.
The agreement also includes development of a future sports car platform and collaboration on lightweight construction.
So far the Pentagon is offering military commanders more education on preventing such assaults, expanding an Air Force program designed to provide legal counsel directly to victims and increasing the accountability for leaders across the chain of command.
Speaking of the locals in the vicinity of the island fortress they inhabit, Edgar dismisses them as a thoroughly bad lot.
Booming is almost a year old, and in that time we’ve worked to create a report that we hope readers find informative, thoughtful, moving, funny, unnerving and, often, plain useful.
Is it Mr. Christie, or is it CPAC?
There are about 45 of the sensors worldwide, detecting so-called infrasound at frequencies well below the range of human hearing.
Among the tax cuts that Mr. Cuomo and lawmakers have agreed to are a $350 tax-relief check for families with at least one child, and a refundable credit for employers with workers under the age of 20 to offset an increase in the minimum wage.
The changes have caused anxiety as instructors and students try to prepare for the unknown.
Parallels, the company, has a good deal of experience running incompatible programs on popular computers; its best-known product lets you run Windows on a Mac.
Crew shirt, black Isabel Marant sneakers and black Ray-Bans and was in full mom mode.
: having the sticky properties of an adhesive The word glutinous has appeared in 18 New York Times articles in the past year, including on Oct. 17 in “ Sharing Lessons From a Farm in Japan ” by David Tanis: She writes of tackling daily tasks: pickle-making, rice-planting and the hard labor of harvesting, and joining in seasonal rituals.
(For instance, Mr. Truman and Mr. Johnson, who had among the largest declines in their approval ratings, were serving their first elected term in their second overall term.)
But they are not allowed to say that.
Instead he’s spending his nights on wheels at the local roller rink, where he’s caught the eye of Lenny Ringle (a nicely slick Billy Eugene Jones), the owner of a professional derby team.
But if you’re a movie lover, you instantly get how this is an attractive offer and an exciting shift in the business.
Somewhat diminished by his 83 years, he looks as if he might be waiting for the discount bus to Foxwoods Casino.
There are small works in this show, notably a set of 52 intaglio etchings that reveal how elegant and unassuming Dieter Roth could be and that remind us that a masterly draftsman lurks behind his signature messiness.
Text REBUILD to 25383 to donate $10.
This production from American Family Theater, for ages 4 and older, is a musical, providing plenty of melodies for the story of the princess who’s the victim of a sorceress’s curse.
SLAP SHOTS Goalie Henrik Lundqvist, who is expansive on every subject he is asked about, was tight-lipped Sunday about the dragging talks on his contract extension with the Rangers.
After graduating in 1987, she joined Forstmann Little & Company, a boutique firm.
But what I would expect is to put together 100 of these plays and identify which ones we want to continue to allow and others that we want to prohibit and draft a rule accordingly.” Bochy stressed that he did not support the new rule simply to protect his star catcher, Buster Posey, who missed most of 2011 after breaking his leg and tearing ankle ligaments in a collision at the plate.
“The fact is, we believe this is a lawsuit without merit,” Commissioner Gary Bettman said Tuesday .
My friend is running for political office.
Of course, such men had their detractors.
WALL STREET JOURNAL Tourre Lawyers Focus on Reliability of Federal Witness | Lawyers for the former Goldman Sachs trader Fabrice Tourre tried to cast doubt on the witness, Gail Kreitman, over differences between statements made in 2009 and while on the stand.
East rivals, especially late last season, and reintroducing the Cowboys to the concept of causing turnovers.
If anything survived, it was because of local people.
They have no plans to sign a free agent, because it would require cutting a player — likely Wallace or Thomas.
and Ford each rose around 24 percent.
The motive is unknown and police do not have suspect information.
There’s not much need to investigate the motive for the detention, either, since it looks like it had nothing to do with “terrorism” and everything to do with gaining information on Mr. Greenwald’s work.
You can view the M.R.I.
It was a lifelong tension with his own identity that energized his work.
They are some of the most famous urban structures in the world: clusters of do-it-yourself housing that got by for decades with little official recognition from the Brazilian authorities, let alone police, garbage or sewage services.
The latest example happened in what might be the final time he leads the Lions at home.
This is to take place on Wednesday, when the bureau releases the results of an immense revaluation of the size and composition of the American economy from the Great Depression to the present.
“Rob is unusual,” his uncle, Jim Metzger, said.
These three games can teach you business skills.
It should agree with their all-lads-together charisma, and supports the newly released “AM” (Domino).
More than 200 people had fallen ill. Our crossing, therefore, became a near-military-level operation in norovirus eradication.
Having previously proclaimed “segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever,” Wallace was blocking the entrance to Foster Auditorium on the university’s Tuscaloosa campus, while ringed by state troopers, when Nicholas deB.
The lure of European Union membership was supposed to overcome those enmities.
“I had hoped that my sister was still alive,” she said softly.
The bill saved about $23 billion over 10 years and cut about $4.5 billion in food stamps.
When I checked in at the new Ritz-Carlton residences with my wife and three children, the valet took our skis, poles and boots.
You’ve been having a tough year, Concerned Citizen.
Cyndi’s List , the mother of all genealogical portals, also has a number of links to other sites for Indian research.
11 Photos View Slide Show › 2 p.m. 6.
Marc Hoffman, the chief operating officer of Sunstone Hotel Investors, which owns the hotel, says he has also brought the library concept to Sunstone’s other hotels, including the Renaissance Washington, D.C., Downtown Hotel which has books about presidents and sports; the Newport Regency Beach Hyatt; and the Boston Marriott Long Wharf, where he says books about the Boston Celtics, fishing and baseball are popular.
But serious questions have begun to crop up in the tallying process, with unexplained delays in electronically transmitting the results from the polling places and public wrangling over which votes should be counted.
In addition to the rising number and deadliness of attacks, there are signs of possible cross-pollination among some of the jihadist groups around the region.
Petitions are often delivered in person to create a spectacle worth filming, for example.
(A serendipitous aspect of the location for me personally is that before moving to Amsterdam I wrote a book, “The Island at the Center of the World,” about the Dutch founding of New York; when I later came to work in the West India House, a friend said, “It’s like you crawled up inside your own book.”) In the seven years I’ve lived in Amsterdam, I often find myself pondering the concept of space.
This year alone, the main indexes are up 5 percent.
David Alfred Knopf and Edwin Monserrate Marrero were married Thursday at Buenos Aires City Hall.
The City of New York has been undergoing a program to consolidate its leases to reduce its footprint, and in the process the city doesn’t want to use its own capital.
She un-self-consciously describes herself as a Tracy Flick-type, a good girl with her hand always in the air or her nose always in a book.
“When you want to play political games, he’s uninterested in engaging,” she said.
Oct. 21 at 7:30 p.m. $50 and $55.
The two have eerily similar backgrounds.
Many of us have times during our lives when the yearning is especially strong to experience a connection with our origins and our links to the rest of nature as fully as possible.
There was the era, inspired by Saul Bellow , when I would, at great peril to myself, attempt headstands in the corner of my office.
But its smiley-faced mixture of hope and corn scratches an itch in a city recovering from a recession and a hurricane.
He added of the recanvassing, “We expect that process to move forward as accurately and expeditiously as possible.” At an appearance in Brooklyn, Mr. de Blasio, the public advocate, said that Mr. Thompson “has every right” to a full vote count.
(Stacey Anderson) Eric Burdon and the Animals (Wednesday and Thursday) Mr. Burdon, the original frontman of “The House of the Rising Sun” rockers the Animals, has continued to sing the group’s blues-laced British Invasion hits through several different lineups.
He added that he was proud that he helped a mother stand her ground against putting her son on ADHD medication, which school officials were urging her to do.
“Here in America, we see gruesome photographs that come from war, the third world, a horrible accident or come from European and Middle Eastern terrorism.
Inside, she was greeted as a hero.
The Kirkuk police chief, Maj. Gen. Jamal Tahir, said his officers could not guarantee the security of patrons at the dozens of teahouses and coffee shops scattered across the city.
(Roberta Smith) ★ Guggenheim Museum: ‘Zarina: Paper Like Skin’ (through April 21) “Paper is an organic material, almost like human skin,” the artist Zarina Hashmi has said.
Separately, Fox Sports 1 said that it had signed charter sponsors, including Ford, Geico and Yum Brands.
This stylish courtyard restaurant is housed in Geoffrey Bawa’s former office, and serves up elegant fusion food like black pork curry (1,095 rupees), best accompanied by a tamarind chile martini (945 rupees).
At that time, Democratic and Republican Budget Committee leaders lamented a process that had gone off the rails.
In an exchange that was one of the very last before he was killed, Mr. Smith joked about anti-American sentiment.
Lately, some employers have been trying this as well, matching their horoscopes with those of their prospective employees; companies are also comparing horoscopes with their clients for good fortune.
“I looked up to him,” Lillard said.
“But they can’t argue about what was charged for the service, regardless of how ridiculous the charge might be.
(Anderson) Tenzin Choegyal (Friday) The Tibetan singer-songwriter is a fixture at the annual Tibet House Benefit Concert at Carnegie Hall, where he channels delicate, supple regional folk songs into collaborations with major rock and pop figures.
“Louis C. Tiffany and the Art of Devotion” at the Museum of Biblical Art samples the Tiffany Studios’ enormous production of stained-glass windows as well as all kinds of other church-related objects, including crosses, chalices, candlesticks, baptismal fonts and chandeliers.
Mayor Cory A. Booker of Newark, a Democrat and national political celebrity, has been traveling across the state and country telling donors, party officials and elected leaders that he intends to run for Senator Lautenberg’s seat as he embarks on an aggressive effort to lock down support for his candidacy.
These kinds of dreams were ubiquitous.
Cutbacks in smaller markets would create “delays and missed connections at the major hubs, such as Chicago O’Hare, Houston, Philadelphia, Detroit, Minneapolis, New York’s La Guardia and Newark, and Washington Reagan, each where regional airlines account for more than half the daily flights,” he said.
The Wildcats then met Louisville in the national semifinals, a matchup that sent the state into a tizzy.
Although these illusory labels can be treated as serious methodologies and may be of interest to law professors, Meese called the American legal system the way he saw it: just another part of the government, neither higher nor lower than the other two branches, and one that must be muscled.
When Peter warns of planetary destruction, he notes that our embrace of technology has brought some trouble with it.
“Today’s indictment brings us one step closer to bringing an international art caper to a close.” Mr. Istavrioglou’s bail was set at $100,000, and his next scheduled court date is Tuesday.
By then, Mr. Reichmann and his brothers were heavily involved in their most heralded project, the World Financial Center.
For the past decade he had been machining car parts.
Instead, however, their spitefulness appears to override all other considerations.
Queen’s Coronation Anniversary, England In case the diamond jubilee last year wasn’t enough, England is holding a series of events to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II’s June 2, 1953, coronation.
But such books could now fill an entire Barnes & Noble shelf — and most of the authors strenuously try to keep out of the (perceived second-tier) self-help section.
Rather, it shows China needs another catalyst to drive inflows after the increase from joining the World Trade Organization hit a natural plateau.
Last year, they played the Afropunk Festival in New York and, as a result, were invited to record an EP at Wreckroom Studios in Brooklyn.
March 24, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Vinnie Zummo Trio, jazz.
He noted that the attack had not been reported accurately or rapidly to senior commanders, most likely because of improperly placed loyalties.
The organic Ginger Collins cocktail is a mix of fresh ginger, lemon juice, elderflower and lavender along with complimentary sushi; a perfect pick-me-up before a late show.
We had a butterfly opening, we had three cameras and on and on.
The contrast between Mr. Li’s program and that of Wen Jiabao, his predecessor, is illuminating.
Somewhat puzzlingly, he says almost nothing about Medicaid, which does even better at bargaining because of its greater ability to say no.
Vandenburg and three others have pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape.
On January 10 the club entered receivership — the 19th of 42 club’s in Spain’s top two divisions to have done so since 2004 — with debts of €156 million (just over $200 million).
We will have six more books’ worth of chances to find out how the British monarchy gave way to this circus, why Paige’s Irish origins enhance her combativeness, and how much Joseph Campbell Ms. Shannon will use in shaping this heroine’s journey.
In 2011, inspections in 200 cities across China found that water in 55 percent of the tests was rated “fairly poor to extremely poor,” Mr. Yan said.
Particularly in New York where any time a character achieves any level of notoriety or visibility, there are people out there going, “Well, he doesn’t really deserve it,” or “She doesn’t really deserve it,” “Well you know why she got there,” “Well, you know what she really did,” “Oh my God, this is the most extraordinary person.” You know?
The plan also seeks to promote civic engagement in the Mexican diaspora.
Thanks to a certain parody T-shirt (“Ain’t Laurent Without Yves”) recently sold at Colette, Saint Laurent’s designer Hedi Slimane abruptly ended the relationship .
Sole occupant of an ecological (and economic) niche he created for himself, Chua is something else altogether: a spirit-guide for the transformation of China’s provincial-yet-aspirational consumers into global connoisseurs of the beautiful, the luxurious and the expensive.
New Jersey Performing Arts Center, 1 Center Street.
And a mural-like image of a tropical paradise that covers one of Henrique Faria’s walls is largely pieced together from home-and-garden magazine covers.
King Blues Club and Grill — and the occasional larger concert was generally cast in the JVC mold.
Cup final since 2004 with a 2-1 home win over the Houston Dynamo in the second leg of the Eastern Conference final.
Such indirection is common in violent and repressive societies, but after more than 30 years of war, the Afghan penchant for elegant and oblique expression is particularly well honed.
Ms. Schumer said that all these writers were her first choices.
Keep an eye on U.N.C.
“There is nothing in this contract that talks about our ability to do unbranded design.” “It’s not my place to fill the gaps,” Judge Oing said.
The impact is not as big as might be implied by the change in the eligible voter makeup.
She is a daughter of Vicki L. Gaffney and James P. Gaffney of Cincinnati.
It makes for cheaper and better care in the long run, the thinking goes, to help patients stay healthy than to be forced to readmit them for another costly hospital stay.
“If you have some free time, I’d like for you to come down,” he wrote.
A searchable guide to these and other shows is at nytimes.com/events.
Those relationships that they built — not based on money, but on a belief in someone’s talents — paid off.” ScoreMore’s ability to draw sizable crowds for up-and- coming artists largely hinges on the company’s other slogan: “For students, by students.” In 2009, when he was at the University of Texas at Austin, Mr. Guttfreund started ScoreMore with $1,500 he had made in tips waiting tables.
Several former intelligence officials said they could not recall a similar situation when an agency director had formally enlisted an outside panel to advise him on a senior personnel decision, and suggested that Mr. Brennan may be looking for political cover in making the choice.
A. You’ve got to be very open and don’t take it too personally if someone treads on your turf.
This is why it was the N.F.L.
Kazemi saw that the Ducks were a poor rebounding team, and thought he could assist.
A. I decided I wanted to be a doctor, and studied pre-med.
Only the first of the three volumes of the report, submitted in 1975, was ultimately made public.
Infrastructure shortfalls, for example, are most pronounced in Indonesia and India, but they are also prominent in Vietnam, the Philippines and Thailand.
Although Christian Temple was a generous landlord, she said, she struggled to keep the school open.
“And it’s got Pharrell on it, which gives it credibility for Top 40 and urban stations.” “Get Lucky” is Daft Punk’s highest charting single ever on Billboard’s Hot 100; its only other contenders were “Around the World” in 1997 and “One More Time” in 2000, neither of which ever reached the Top 40, though they did well on dance charts.
“He is diving into races.
¶ With the offense wilting for two weeks, why did it take so long to use Chris Copeland?
“You don’t know whether, say, choosing the wine without asking her opinion will meet her yearnings for old-fashioned romance or strike her as boorish and macho.” Indeed, being too formal too early can send a message that a man is ready to get serious, which few men in their 20s are ready to do, said Lex Edness, a television writer in Los Angeles.
Mundy was cleared to play, but Amukamara did not return, forcing the Giants to shuffle their secondary at various junctures.
He went on to become the first lawyer in his family.” The president added, “So his story reminds us of this country’s promise that if you’re willing to work hard, it doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from, what your last name is, you can make it if you try.” Republicans criticized Mr. Perez as a radical legal activist who has presided over a politically charged Justice Department division and has tried to help illegal immigrants avoid detection and receive public benefits.
She said the State Department was eager to reopen the pipeline to countries that have improved their programs.
At the checkout counter, customers said they had known Mr. Zia as a neighborhood fixture.
Many of the jokes — about oil slicks and Ariel’s “awesome voice” — fall flat, partly a result of sluggish direction by Portia Krieger.
As such, the clientele draws from the neighborhood’s various tribes.
“Basically the market is flat,” said Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel and the author of Douglas Elliman’s report.
In September, Mr. Paul mingled with New York financial titans at the Central Park West penthouse of Woody Johnson, the Jets owner and Johnson & Johnson heir, who hosted a Republican National Committee fund-raiser with a group of potential 2016 Republican contenders.
Do you personally get involved in any of the Colliers deals?
(Viewers at Fox News’s sister network, Fox Broadcasting, have a median age of 50.2; at ABC, the median is 54.4; at NBC, it’s 47.7.)
And in a dramatic innovation, two inner courtyards have been transformed into a single atrium by sinking them below ground level.
Mr. Cuellar was part of a bipartisan Congressional group that sponsored the new program.
Yes, they have to deal in the world of facts and truth, but their opinions – and the way they express them – are almost unassailable.
Perhaps his most influential work was “The Time of Stalin,” the first book published under his own name, which was smuggled out of Moscow and published in New York in 1981.
“Because of the commitment of the Bush administration and the American people, millions of people’s lives have been saved.” For Mr. Obama, the presence of his predecessor added to pressure from activists who complain he has not done enough to build on those efforts.
Sundays through Wednesdays, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Thursdays, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. BeanRunner Cafe, 201 South Division Street.
This is John le Carré’s 23rd novel, and neither prolificacy nor age (he’s 81) has diminished his legendary and sometimes startling gift for mimicry.
The hue and texture of two-dimensional wildlife in the background have to fit seamlessly with the three-dimensional taxidermy and synthetic vegetation, rocks and trees in the foreground.
If the court were to rule for Tarrant County and clear the way for a water transfer, the Kiamichi River, like the Tuolumne, will be serving suburbs 100 or more miles away.
“My son decided that should be there,” Jeremijenko said, letting me in.
will take any action necessary to further ensure safety.
It’s cruelty to pass a third grader to fourth grade if they can’t read.
The latest negotiations, held in Gabon, were the fourth major round of talks since 2002.
The foliage lends a forest-like feel to the space, which is further enhanced by dried branches artfully placed among the sculptures and books on the stainless-steel shelves at one end of the room.
But she is one of countless psychiatric patients who have nowhere to turn for care, other than the E.R.
Ms. Romero’s 12-year-old daughter told her that her dream was to make a video game with her.
As customers roamed the store around him, Mr. Chiu reflected on how much had changed since he moved from Taiwan more than 20 years ago.
against the pass and have held subpar quarterbacks like Geno Smith, Tannehill, Joe Flacco and Campbell to an average of 14 points over the last five weeks.
It was like being on the floor of a stock exchange, with a flurry of animated brokers and money handlers dashing between buyers and sellers, negotiating prices with slips of paper.
At the center of it all was Rihanna — maybe she cared, and maybe she didn’t.
Why did you decide to colonize my face?
Could the rapid appropriation and eventual destruction of every novel dance move be to blame for this?
Martin went to the Pittsburgh Pirates and Swisher to the Cleveland Indians.
Boulton Center for the Performing Arts, 37 West Main Street.
Others faced questions about their objectivity.
It was decorated by Verde Visconti — not by Renzo Mongiardino, who worked on another house for the previous owner.
What concerns the Weinbergs and many of their neighbors is the potential for erosion of quality of life — and property values — if the city goes through with a $240 million plan to build a 10-story garbage transfer station on a pier at East 91st Street.
It is not only a Central European trend, it is a crisis of liberal democracy, present in all Europe.”
“You stay Catholic because you have a love of the institution and you want to change it,” he said.
Mr. Infante and his spouse, Sean Brooks, were on their way to an immigration court in Manhattan where Mr. Infante would face what might have been his last hearing before he would be deported from the United States.
Nijinska, one of its choreographers, cast her in some of her ballets.
Stunned by its success, and exhausted, Mr. Spiegelman lay low for awhile, then gradually revved back up with modest assignments.
“It’s the biggest compliment.” She was wearing a Ronaldus Shamask dress, a black mohair sweater, earrings bought on the street, Trina Turk leggings and “undemanding” kitchen shoes.
All you cared about was the caffeine keeping you stimulated for the next hour.
Arriving at these places, either by metro, on foot or by car, involves exposure to the underbelly of the city’s old center.
After returning to Amherst for his degree — in English, having abandoned his ambitions in medicine — he joined Merrill Lynch in 1948 as part of an entry-level training program.
The players answered questions about why they went to Harvard in the first place, their hardest classes, whether they considered themselves nerds.
Housing officials said some of those facilities would be relocated.
The new line, introduced over several months, includes three options , Slyr, Plyr1 and Plyr2, which offer different levels of performance.
Whatever noisy hints Latin America has been making about a defiant march toward legalizing marijuana, the summit meeting of Western Hemisphere foreign ministers that ended Thursday revealed how rocky that path would be — and how many nations remained reluctant to join it.
We found big differences in texture and density, but most of the wines were distinctively structured and earthy, with flavors of red fruit, licorice and menthol.
I think he appreciates the reality around donor fickleness and also, rightly, notes that the nonprofit/for-profit debate is overestimated and really just about structure.
Here, too, was the Nigerian-American writer Teju Cole — author of the recent novel from which the work’s title was borrowed — and the rapper Himanshu Suri, or Heems, formerly of the hip-hop group Das Racist.
(The hostesses, Colleen Camp and Natalie Marciano, splurged on Icelandic lobsters.)
Henri Courpron, the chief executive of A.I.G.’s International Lease Finance Corporation, said that he did not believe the United States should be concerned that the acquisition would prevent civilian aircraft from being available in a future crisis.
(Anita Gates) ‘All the Rage’ In Martin Moran’s artfully rambling one-man show about anger (expressed and sublimated), the map of self-discovery is part of no known GPS program.
Progressing well is checked off for every subject, and the accompanying text (impersonal, prefab, nondescript and jargony) tells a different story from the one I’ve pieced together.
Nonetheless, if you have the option, look for the freshest bottles.
In 2011, according to figures from the Wine Institute, a trade group in California, Americans drank about 10.46 liters of wine per person; Italians, 37.63 per person; and the French, 45.61 liters.
The measure is being supported by a coalition of business and labor groups; there is no organized opposition.
But now, too, comes the news that the departing mayor is going to operate a consultancy that will show other cities how to be more like New York.
“We were very hurt and very scared and very angry,” Sangeeta said, “but we couldn’t afford to share those opinions with the media, because we were looking for Sunil.
Same goes for the big software categories.
She thinks the courses were miscounted or perhaps counted higher than they should have been.
And if there’s one thing that I wanted to try to emphasize today in this speech, it is that America has always worked better when everybody has a chance to succeed.
New York City Public school students can apply to programs like G.O.A.L.S ., a six-week-long program of academic enrichment for girls, or the co-ed Summer Arts Institute .
“With your wife, you should stop having sex after you have your children,” he said.
But Congressional officials investigating the matter said that on March 29 of the same year, Mr. Miller had sent senior I.R.S.
But as the Norris column notes, rates are going up for the right reasons, namely the prospect of a stronger economy.
The younger Mr. Lebovits at times seems to accept that his father committed some acts of abuse.
One said he contemplated suicide.
They’re mainly people who have an essential need to be there at this point,” said John Rendeiro, the vice president for security and intelligence at International SOS, a global security and medical emergency response company based near Philadelphia.
“Leonid Sokov: Ironic Objects,” about 50 works.
I’ve put off writing to you because I’m afraid you will yell at me.
On my hands and knees, I reached in, burned my arms in the name of love, and retrieved the steak, which now sported a coat of Mandy’s fur.
He brought them to his shelter.
In Geneva last June, the major powers agreed that Syria should be governed by a transitional government, but they never defined its powers.
Here’s Mr. Hayes: The thing that is tricky is that the puzzle tempts you to think that the gutters have to be the same on one side as the other, but when two gutters cross at a steep enough angle you get to change the straight one and have MV on one side and VM on the other.
Their lobbyists roamed the Senate corridors to make sure their appeals were considered in the closed-door negotiations among the Gang of Eight, which included Mr. Rubio and Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, who have been particularly receptive.
Last year BAE was in advanced merger talks with EADS when the deal was abandoned amid German political opposition.
At one party, she noticed a guest standing very still and alone for a little too long.
8 P.M. (13) GREAT ZEBRA EXODUS In its final episode of the season, “Nature” travels to the Kalahari Desert in Botswana, where 20,000 zebras go in search of grass and water each year in a trek across the lunarlike landscape of the arid Makgadikgadi Pans.
Even if they do manage to do that, they may feel chagrined if they are parents and see their children roll out of bed, eat breakfast and head off to school without making a single pit stop.
Was the man a gangster?
That is not a simple matter of persuasive arguments and attractive power point presentations.
We ourselves, in our 2009 book, showed that for postwar systemic financial crises, the average rise in the debt-to-G.D.P.
Ring them up or check their Web sites to find out which days are open to visitors.
It will close for two weeks to see what sorts out.
Rather, he and his wife, Susan, who founded the nursing department at Le Moyne College in Syracuse, have gotten involved with charities in Africa.
Israel did not accept responsibility, nor did it deny being involved.
Constructors were regular contributors to all discussions, so everyone knew everyone.
You can find the answers here.
He was barred from social events and put on academic probation as well.
Eight players from the 2010 team skated for Chicago in Game 5: forwards Kane, Jonathan Toews, Patrick Sharp, Marian Hossa and Dave Bolland, and defensemen Duncan Keith, Brent Seabrook and Niklas Hjalmarsson.
“The hidden magic in the world.
Dotted throughout the matte pages are modern poetry and, of course, lots of nudity.
There are other primary characters in “Southern Cross the Dog,” notably Eli Cutter, a blues pianist who has been in prison for manslaughter.
Asia-Pacific carriers reported an increase of 8.5 percent.
But did he really intend to bank the ball off the rough to get it to the hole?
The national poll was conducted by land lines and cellphones from Jan. 11 to Jan. 15, before the president announced his proposals to curb gun violence.
The department will also finance at least two “navigators” — organizations intended to guide people through the exchange — per state.
The 62nd was organized in a slave state, but this was not as remarkable as it might seem: By December 1863, such regiments had been organized in Union-controlled sections of South Carolina, Louisiana, Virginia, Maryland and North Carolina.
Every possible social network has some demented pro-anorexia faction — which is to say, a group of mostly young women who trade unhealthy weight-loss tips and tricks and post photos of skeletal models as “thinspiration.” And that’s only the truly disturbed.
“This is a company I know well,” he said in a statement, “and I look forward to succeeding Ben, working with the key international customers and driving the business into sustained profitability for its customers, employees and shareholders.” Alcatel-Lucent’s shares fell 1.8 percent, to 1.12 euros, in Paris trading after the announcement.
I had to adjust to the pace of the game.” Bustamante said that he received a pregame pep talk from Henry.
He had landed a staggering 60 percent of his power punches.
The court’s split decision to rewind the trial to April 19 means that everything that came after that point — including closing statements, the genocide conviction and the general’s 80-year prison sentence — is invalid.
To retort that it’s not so much the octogenarian as the body of work that is being lauded, is scarcely reasonable.
“There are always ways to get out of leases,” Mr. Loftin said.
Like Kreider, Zuccarello is enjoying newfound freedom playing in a system in which blocking shots is not paramount to scoring goals, as it often was under Tortorella.
Thursdays, 6 to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Windsor Art Center, 40 Mechanic Street.
Scott, the reigning Masters champion who sat 3-under through 11 holes at play’s end Thursday, played the final seven holes of his opening round and his second-round 18 in 10-over-par to finish two rounds on the cut’s bubble at 7-over.
The appeals involve a rare legal procedure in which close votes on the high court can be held again.
The hiring is in addition to the more than 8,100 combined hourly and salaried jobs Ford created in the United States in 2012, as the company increased production capacity and expanded engineering, manufacturing and other areas to meet the growing demand for its vehicles, the company said.
Their top pass rusher from a year ago, Chris Clemons, is still recovering from off-season knee surgery (he’ll be back soon).
It might not be the right way.
These gun control schemes have failed in the past and will have no impact on public safety and crime.
In Friday’s issue of the journal Science, they report that the extinctions have turned out to be distressingly fast.
It all added up to a better package – a better fit — at ESPN, and last week he told The Times of his plans.
Acquired from Denver on March 21, 2012, Tebow joined the Jets at the height of his popularity and the zenith of his career, with flawed throwing mechanics, a passionate fan following and a sense of occasion.
One answer to that argument is that although progress is obvious by many measures, the gap between those states the formula covers and those it doesn’t still remains.
The levels of horse DNA in the products were above the 1 percent threshold used by the British Food Standards Agency as an indicator of adulteration in testing being done by Britain’s food industry and therefore the products would be withdrawn, Nestlé said in a statement.
PeerCoin, according to Lawrence Blankenship, a software engineer from Springfield, Mo., is closer than bitcoin to the perfect, communal money.
This apology is for the bespectacled student at my talk in Cleveland, and the lady in the red dress in Florida, and anyone else who’s recently asked me about the future of the BlackBerry.
Eric H. Holder Jr. , the attorney general, seemed to say during Senate testimony in March that some banks were “too big to jail,” as critics immediately paraphrased.
But when their script fails to survive the trip, the seafarers have to improvise — and look to the crowd.
“We were talking and talking about grunting, and one of the ladies with us was just like, ‘Do you grunt?”’ Stephens said.
Public expectations have adjusted with Hewitt’s own, which is not yet the case with Federer.
Indeed, about a quarter of people initially diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment are later determined to be normal , a prominent researcher told my colleague Judith Graham last year.
And the much-praised “Justified” on FX reached 2.3 million for this season’s finale.
But Henryka Bochniarz does not pull her punches.
players reached her age and opted to leave the tour, which has two top players who are mothers — and two others who are teenagers.
Even Lions Coach Jim Schwartz was talking tradition after the game.
The investigation started over a month ago, when the regional government said it had identified $2.46 million of misused subsidies and demanded reimbursement.
But paying too much attention to external opinion — fashions, theories, trends, friends — puts you a couple of years behind your own timeline, because critics only ever follow.
“They spend time there instead of being on the streets.” The Communist Party youth newspaper, Juventud Rebelde, recently published an article quoting Fernando Rojas, vice minister of culture, as saying the video parlors promote “frivolity, mediocrity, pseudoculture and banality,” raising fears of a crackdown.
“We have nothing resembling sex education in India to allow young people to make informed choices.” Judge Bhat raised the same concerns about the government’s role in deciding a case last year.
Besides, guaranteed failure has a thrilling upside: freedom.
He assumes the president’s post from Estelle G. Saltzman, who becomes chairwoman.
To do anything else constituted more than the violation of the privacy of a great writer; it was proof of one’s own reprobate soul, the exploitation (a word with which I’ve grown familiar over the years) of a man so much purer than the false and shallow world around him, an artist who wanted only to be left alone.
Both types of assistance can help struggling borrowers — to a point.
is an imperfect metric, to be sure, but the figure was the best of Molina’s career and helps show why he might be the most indispensable player in the majors.
The festival, produced by Here and Beth Morrison Projects, will include five works, among them the world premiere of “Thumbprint,” a 90-minute work by the composer and singer Kamala Sankaram and the playwright Susan Yankowitz, and “Angel’s Bone,” a work-in-progress by Du Yun , with a libretto by Royce Vavrek.
agreements “have sometimes turned countries inward.” Britons pride themselves on their “special relationship” with Washington, and the possibility that it would be weakened by a movement away from the European Union is problematic for Mr. Cameron.
The designers call it the second to the Ciel in a trilogy of concepts dedicated to “the driver.” Concept number three may very well be producible.
Juggling both sides of every conversation, including Alex’s tête-à-tête’s with la Streisand, he brings a supremely light touch and a droll detachment to situations of “Twilight Zone” oddness, but also welcome suggestions of tenderness.
This became a central element of the chief justice’s majority opinion last month, the constitutional basis for his critique of requiring some states but not others to obtain the federal government’s approval before making changes in voting procedures.
But a second part of the report, concerning broader deficiencies at the firms, is kept secret unless the firm fails to correct the problems within 12 months.
Late-season tomatoes are often overripe and overly soft, gaining sweetness but losing texture.
There is Go Mighty , which is not small but hard to define; not precisely a blog, but a stop on my reading roll just the same.
We moved in August; I live here in Manhattan, at 79th and Columbus.
I want to thank the folks of Manhattan Construction as well as all the workers who built a fine facility that will stand the test of time.
He had that quick wit, that great swagger.
We usually eat at home, eating and quote-unquote working at the same time.
; “Regimental Letter Book, 13th New York Heavy Artillery,” and “Regimental Letter and Order Book, 4th New York Heavy Artillery,” Record Group 94, National Archives and Records Administration; Rochester Daily Democrat and American, 1863; Rochester Daily Union and Advertiser, 1863-64; Rochester Evening Express, 1863; The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies, ser.
“It’s called a ‘people’s war,’ but why would ordinary people help the government?” said a shopkeeper, who estimated that nearly half the villagers were involved in fraud and extortion schemes.
In addition, he said, more cities would be service: American flies to 130 cities that US Airways does not fly, and, likewise, US Airways flies to 62 cities that are not served by American.
It does not comply with strict hurricane regulations.
(The onstage band is led by Justin Levine.)
By 4, with a friend riding shotgun and helping with the shoveling, Mr. Reilly had done his whole block and turned left onto the next one — one small triumph in a largely marooned city.
Several years ago, she said, she was waiting for the train at the 96th Street station when someone was struck.
As more women live alone and more older men get drugs for erectile dysfunction, stereotypes about sex and older people need to change, Dr.
Others are not so sure that running as an unflinching conservative in Georgia is such a bad thing.
I just hope this isn’t the highlight of their lives.” Edney, a senior, is set to play quarterback next fall at Dean College in Massachusetts.
It is about putting together people who are different and making it work.
Reflecting diminishing fears over mad cow disease, Japan eased its decade-old restriction on imports of American beef on Monday, but industry experts said beef producers faced many more challenges to reverse a prolonged slump that has pared the nation’s herd to its lowest level in 60 years and sent prices soaring.
“We’re always pushing the envelope ,” said Roy Bennett, the band’s longtime lighting and production designer.
The final chapters of “Small Wars, Faraway Places” inevitably focus on the increasing American involvement in Vietnam under Presidents Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
“When the BBs and the marbles hit each other, they fall apart,” Dr. Lisse said.
When Evonne Gallardo, the executive director of Self Help Graphics , an arts group that has worked in the area for decades, began to hear about plans to officially designate part of the neighborhood as an arts district, she welcomed the idea.
Curtis Harnack, a writer whose novels, nonfiction works and an acclaimed memoir were inspired by his experience growing up on an Iowa farm — and his mother’s insistence that he leave one day for a new life in the city — died on July 5 at his home in Manhattan.
But with just six tables, it’s best to make like the madrileños and squeeze yourself, standing, at the bar for calamari, wrapped in bacon and served with a squid ink mousse.
His office has issued statements, and he has turned up on network television .
But it may have produced a noteworthy literary creation in the form of a thoughtful and funny decision from the judge overseeing the case.
Faculty members signed a petition.
Though they saw each other but rarely, their correspondence stretched across 63 years.
Worst case scenario he won’t be back, or there might be something in between.” If Rodriguez does miss the entire season it is believed the Yankees would recoup only a small amount of money from insurance, and they would still take the same hit on their luxury tax bill.
Brad Dayspring, spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee, called it “blatant manipulation” and a “Big Sky buy-off,” laying the nomination at the feet of Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, whom Mr. Dayspring called “brigadier general of the back-room deal.” Democratic officials familiar with the decision say it came after weeks of discussions between Mr. Baucus and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., a longtime friend.
Mr. Crohn’s immune system and its quirks earned him unsought renown.
And inside the student center, a crowd of hundreds — faculty and community members, as well as students — clapped as a speaker thanked those who supported the event, which drew so much attention a waiting list was required.
Yet the Dance Collection’s film archive has grown more, not less, invaluable.
I think it’s most important to be healthy on the inside.
Marge Feinberg, an Education Department spokeswoman, said in an email that acoustic tile had been installed in 10 P.S.
“Rough justice,” Mr. Feinberg calls it, but it usually seems to work.
Today, several hundred guests gather to see his spring looks.
Authorities have pursued many leads since 1975 when Mr. Hoffa was last seen outside an Oakland County restaurant where he was to meet with a Teamsters boss and a Detroit Mafia captain.
The state’s other United States senator, Chris Murphy, said it was amazing there were not more serious injuries.
(Perhaps he has not doped, but raided the beta-blocker/anti-anxiety pill section of his medicine cabinet?)
(Zack Ramadan designed the videos and Noah Press the graphics.)
By the time Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas in 1963, the United States had more than 16,000 troops in South Vietnam.
The season has been unforgiving.
Another firm is accused of helping Iran obtain components for its heavy-water reactor facility, which officials fear will ultimately give Iran another pathway to a bomb capability, using plutonium.
Air pressure hurting your ears?
“We always felt that if we were too close to Saipem then Saipem would have lost clients,” Mr. Scaroni said.
Mr. Cardenas said the group lobbied to pass last year’s transportation bill after Representative John L. Mica, a Florida Republican who led the House Transportation Committee, persuaded him that the legislation made important reforms to road and bridge programs.
If there’s a wind, make sure it’s not blowing at you and when you open the box, make sure you don’t pour it over your head.
William S. Burroughs said in the 1950s, “What I want for dinner is a bass fished in Lake Huron in 1920.” In that spirit, I’d like to spend a Sunday in the West Medford of 1951, play bocce with my grandfather and eat some of my grandmother Angelina’s tortellini; I want to revisit the jolly bazaars of the Peshawar of 1973, the hopeful Nyasaland of 1964, the bike-riding China of 1980 (no private cars on the empty roads), and while I’m at it, I would like to return to the Borneo of the 1960s and again climb Mount Kinabalu.
Arsenio Flores, the longtime chef, balances blasts of Americana like jumbo lump crab cake with lobster sauce and red-pepper preserves, with more classical preparations like skate wing encrusted with herbs, almonds and pine nuts with a retinue of bronze potatoes, pancetta, savoy cabbage and Grenobloise sauce.
The musical “Forever Dusty” celebrated its 100th performance at New World Stages on Wednesday night.
Neither biology nor economics can substitute for the deeper ethical question: what kind of world do we want to live in?
Kean University considered housing the school, a ray of hope that didn’t vanish until early summer.
Dan Crabtree, 84, thought to be the shooter, was found severely injured outside near the pool.
It is also based on faulty information about the risks to newborns and ultimately does more harm than good, the suit argues, by scaring pregnant women away from prenatal care.
At the same time, the Fed’s low rates are actually hurting other parts of the business.
The night I saw him, at the Westside Theater , he delivered raspy renditions of classics (“C’est Si Bon”) and not-so-classics (“Ode to Xanax”) and took audience questions.
He hesitated to talk; he found this news frankly intimidating.
General Burgoyne’s goal, in 1777, was to advance south to Albany and split the colonies in two and end the American rebellion.
“This was beyond imprudent,” he said.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 12:30 to 7:30 p.m. Montclair State University, 1 Normal Avenue.
I’m amazed by the stories I sometimes hear.
“We can’t balance the budget on the backs of people with developmental disabilities, and we’ve really got to focus to make sure that the cuts that we have to make are really shared throughout the budget,” said Mr. Carlucci, one of five breakaway Democrats who are working with Republicans to control the Senate.
But quoting his casual teachings can be much more startling.
It is sort of like estimating gasoline prices by looking at the cost of home heating oil, or even natural gas.
When I was very young, working in my grandfather’s corner grocery in West Virginia, I would sneak on top of the giant freezers and hide so I could watch folks come in and out, listening to what they said, what they didn’t say, my grandfather at the register in his apron, smoking, or in the back making ‘hamburg’ from an entire side of beef.
Hunziker Black Box Theater, 300 Pompton Road.
It is only in your cities that people are not so religious.
Also, Alison has never been wrong in the 43 years we’ve been together.
Just off one of the city’s main boulevards, its several dozen rusted slabs, set in a shady garden, evoke the passage of time and at night are illuminated from within.
Instead, he hugged an 1199 member, Monet Simmons, who happily hugged him back.
Never before had the rituals, quirks and peccadilloes of young Italians, or Italianates, been given such a bullhorn.
We are not going to conduct a foreign policy based on hosting a World Cup.” He added, “It’s just never going to be that important.” Gulati asserted that the United States’ 2022 bid had been based solely on sporting objectives, adding that if FIFA was more interested in spreading the game, that should have been made clear before the bidding process.
“The story of breast cancer here is a miserable one,” said Dr. Fred Okuku, an oncologist at the Uganda Cancer Institute in Kampala, which treats about 200 women a year for breast cancer.
“Before I went on that first date, I called the same friend I was talking to the day I first met Larry and asked her if she thought it was a good idea,” Ms. Buurma said.
Albany Irvin, a QVC host dressed in a tightfitting hot-pink dress, listened intently as Ms. Roncal described her 20-year quest to create a mascara by combining an Italian formula, Japanese pigments and a French lash comb.
Frances Belzer Reid and Gary David Bixhorn were married Saturday evening at Hempstead House in the Sands Point Preserve in Port Washington, N.Y.
The leggings, Bradley said, make him feel swifter, even worn under a baggy pair of baseball pants.
Paille stole the puck and centered it to Chris Kelly, who had not scored a goal or recorded an assist in 17 previous playoff games.
The women who took seats in Congress last week are a diverse lot.
‘This is like someone cut off my arm.’ ‘This is not how I see myself.’ ‘This is like something’s been ripped away from me.
The struggle is especially fierce along the waterfront, where a shadowy Mr. Big oversees the extraction of tribute, sometimes brutally, from everyone who wants to work on or move goods across the docks at a time, before the advent of airfreight, when the port was the main gateway to the city.
The sergeants keep the Tasers, Sergeant Anatsui said.
“I think that when investors saw Icahn get involved, they thought he would do something that would actually lead to the sale of the company, and I don’t think that’s the case.” Take-Two bought out Mr. Icahn’s stake as part of its continuing share repurchase program, according to a company statement on Tuesday.
A new government in Greenland is now seeking to slow the pace of exploration, responding to concerns about drilling’s impact on the environment and indigenous lifestyles.
In her transfixing performance, she moves back and forth between a stubborn, thorny young woman fighting shame, anger and despair into a radiant being infused with hope.
As the tournament headed into the first Monday finish in its 61-year history, Woods had positive memories to draw upon.
“If you want to buy a third of the farmland available in the country, you can.” Transaction costs include a 3 percent fee to the lawyer who handles the sale, and another 3 percent to the real estate agent.
“It must mean a lot to everybody,” Djokovic said of Murray’s victory.
The Fed Cup finals are Nov. 2 and 3.
He rejoined the team in 1954, when it moved east and became the Baltimore Orioles.
And yet, like many British actors of the “just speak the lines dear boy” school, Mr. Davis delivers a performance that’s impeccable on the surface but fails to draw forth the deeper layers of anguish that underlie Edgar’s querulousness.
Yet, while many PGA Tour pros are taking this weekend off after playing at the Open, Rose is in the field for the Travelers Championship at the T.P.C.
At 7:30 p.m., Merkin Concert Hall, Goodman House, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 501-3330, kaufmanmusiccenter.org; $25.
“We have four families, and each one has a different view on the world,” he said.
The hope is that, this time, the voting will be guided by a constitution that guarantees citizens’ equal rights before the law.
Instead, Iñigo Méndez de Vigo, a Spanish secretary of state, referred in a separate statement to the need to maintain “a necessary balance” between security and privacy concerns.
In July, the government brought criminal charges against SAC, citing the many prosecutions of SAC’s former employees and calling the fund “a magnet for market cheaters.” Six former SAC employees have pleaded guilty to insider trading while at the fund.
“If the revolution lasts for another year, you’ll see all the Syrian people like Al Qaeda; all the people will be like Al Qaeda.”
Our dependence on e-mail is only growing.
will shut the tunnel that carries the R train between Brooklyn and Manhattan tonight for the next 14 months to repair damage from Hurricane Sandy.
I’m going to make sure they don’t have a hot meal or a roof over their head, somebody to help them?
His reasoning cleanly framed the alternative to the moral code endorsed by Swartz, Manning and Snowden.
The Rays raced to home to greet Loney and celebrate a four-game sweep that put them a game ahead of the Cleveland Indians for the A.L.’s top wild-card spot.
The plan would eliminate the two-conference, six-division setup that has been in place since 1998-99 and replace it with a two-conference, four-division setup, with teams more geographically aligned.
“These are just competition teams,” Brian sniffed one afternoon.
For you and me, the answer is pretty easy.
They don’t have the luxury of blaming the grapes for a bad bottle.
The stepped-up American aid comes as Britain and France prepare to increase their own support, with the looming expiration of a European Union embargo on sending arms to Syria.
Some companies with low tax rates, including Coca-Cola, have recently started a lobbying group called the LIFT America Coalition .
Nothing whatever should be done to stimulate literary activity in America!
The Conservative base is Alberta, the province from which Prime Minister Stephen Harper and many of his allies hail.
If HTC subsequently violates the order’s restrictions and requirements, it faces civil penalties of up to $16,000 a violation.
Satoru Ito, a senior buyer with Takashimaya, one of Japan’s luxury department stores, said sales of diamonds, sapphires, rubies and pearls were taking off.
The director of the Fondation Maeght, Olivier Kaeppelin, first approached Lévy with the idea to curate the exhibit over dinner in the South of France in August 2011.
The menu, by David Kolotkin, follows the lines of the original.
In the hearing, Mr. Kerry, Mr. Hagel and General Dempsey sought to present a unified front.
malpractice cases in recent years.
For some developers, moderation seems to be the latest byword, and that is helping Manhattan become ever so slightly more affordable.
(Representative line: “Do I look like the kind of person who wouldn’t break into your e-mail account every day?”) She clearly aspires, though, to write all of her characters with more depth and compassion than the typical broad comedy allows, especially one featuring a crazy stalker and a philandering pastor.
Nick arrives late to the app store.
Channeling the background of the Lightstone president, Mitchell C. Hochberg, who used to work for Ian Schrager, the boutique hotel pioneer, the building will feature elements of outré design, including a large clock face, reclaimed wood siding and dangling metal lamps in the lobby.
It also violated a 2012 agreement Mr. Galvin struck with Citigroup to not offer sneak peeks of its unpublished reports.
But the growth of the industry has been so explosive that some in the industry now say that a slowdown is inevitable, regardless of what happens on the tax front.
Still, no alibis, no excuses when it doesn’t.” Twins Manager Ron Gardenhire maintains that creativity is an absolute must.
But American officials have not yet concluded that Syria has declared all of its sites where chemical weapons are developed, stored and tested.
In stunning fashion, the United States beat defending champion Russia, 8-3, on Thursday in the quarterfinals at the International Ice Hockey Federation world championships.
“The gravity of Michigan Avenue from a retail perspective has continued to shift south since the development of Millennium Park in the Loop in the early 2000s,” said Keith Largay, executive vice president of Jones Lang LaSalle, a real estate services firm here.
Sadly for the Mets (10-12), Marcum’s importance was underscored by the ineptitude of their bullpen, which once again showed itself to be the team’s most glaring weakness.
Maybe the show used the classic setup in which a minor car accident leads to a head bump on the windshield, followed by plot-propelling amnesia.
“A lot of questions need to be worked out” as content marketing proceeds, Mr. Rubel said, particularly the “church/state” question — that is, the separation of the editorial and business sides of the media that are being asked to work with advertisers on content marketing.
These are all gigantic benefits.
I say that, and underline this point, exactly to say that growth doesn’t meant to do more debt.
The deadline for payment was Sunday, the Beijing Times newspaper said.
Abortion will always be a complex, difficult, personal matter fully understood only by the woman involved.
Late last month the town board passed a law prohibiting heavy industry.
DealBook » Nomura Plans to Hire Bankers in the U.S. | The Japanese brokerage Nomura Holdings plans to hire about 20 investment bankers in the United States as part of an effort to reclaim market share in mergers and acquisitions, Bloomberg News reports.
Chicken-fried meats remind him of Japanese tonkatsu.
Polk & Company, which is privately held, were not disclosed.
At the time, the sport’s drug testing program was under scrutiny.
Knowing where you can get in and out of the Petite Ceinture is critical.
Alexander Pereira, the Salzburg Festival’s artistic director, said in an interview that “people are tired of seeing machine guns, and tiredness has led to new directions and new freedom for directors.” Two other productions, which premiered after “Meistersinger,” reflect the trend in different ways.
“The world is behind Ron, and it’s wonderful that his efforts and instincts intersect with latent support,” said Ben Goldhirsh, a co-founder and chief executive of GOOD, a publishing and marketing business that promotes social causes, and whose Goldhirsh Foundation plans to give Mr. Finley a grant.
HOW many people have died on the Mediterranean Sea in the past 20 years, according to the International Organization for Migration?
This vision set the gracefully awkward course for a show in which two self-defined schlemiels learned to trust each other and perhaps, just perhaps, fall in love.
One of his signature dishes was simply bone marrow.
“I read the words over and over again,” is what Brett says.
In the case of the senses, scientists have long posited that the absence of one sense will reinforce others.
“Off the Wall: Sculpture From the Permanent Collection.” Dec. 7 through March 16.
“The makeup, the bone structure!” A man who calls himself Muffinhead paraded in a red-and-white ensemble with a jack-in-the-box collar and a three-foot candy cane.
After leaving Lazard, Mr. Coster co-founded Occom Capital Partners, which was sold to Ranieri Partners in 2011.
Perhaps my body was already on the mend that night, rendering the medicine superfluous.
May 16 at 8 p.m. $10.
Fredrik Kessiakoff of Astana, who had injured a wrist Wednesday, also pulled out.
Assessing adversaries in cyberspace, General Dempsey said that China, in particular, had chosen a niche in stealing intellectual property.
On the other hand, Crystal has new things to tell about Meg Ryan’s orgasm scene in “When Harry Met Sally .
It was listening to Eddie Cochran and Gene Vincent and Elvis Presley and Paul Weller.
“I do feel a sense of accomplishment when I Citi Bike to a place and I’ll be like, ‘I’ll have a Bud Heavy today instead of a Bud Light,’ ” said Champak, a 29-year-old real estate developer who lives in Alphabet City.
As for Mr. Podell’s view that Broadway audiences wouldn’t want to see two plays about Johnson, Doris Kearns Goodwin — the presidential biographer and historian — disagreed.
“Desire,” a new exhibition of his black-and-white photographs opening tomorrow in Paris, is a testament to Demarchelier’s ability to capture the female body.
Officials have said that Secretary of State John Kerry and the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, will discuss the Shatto case among other issues at a meeting next week in Berlin.
Dubai is currently involved in a project to boost China’s nascent racing industry .
The Spurs shot 36.4 percent from the floor with 14 assists and 13 turnovers.
Then Cantanhede became hobbled and had trouble running, players said.
There will be no auctions on Monday in observance of Labor Day.
“The question at this point is, what will the House send us?” he said.
She also believed that the C.I.A., which had more than 20 people in Benghazi on the night of the attack, was trying to absolve itself at the State Department’s expense before any investigation was completed by suggesting that repeated C.I.A.
But these institutions realize that simply importing a Western education system is not enough: They have to ensure that Qatari and Emirati students fit in culturally and academically.
But the study suggests that Medicaid coverage did not make those adults much healthier, at least within the two-year time frame of the research, judging by their blood pressure, blood sugar and other measures.
Law enforcement officials in Kosovo said on Monday that they suspected Serbian hard-liners were behind the attack, and witnesses said that some of the assailants were heard speaking the Serbian language.
But mostly, this Polish electronics shop in the middle of Brooklyn’s Chinatown sells bait and tackle.
SADLY, we often atomize knowledge into pieces that don’t have a home in a larger conceptual framework.
The culmination of the Apertura (opening) season Sunday night did not quite rise to the suspense and drama of a Mexican telenovela , but it came pretty close.
(Smith) Out of Town ★ Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden: ‘Ai Weiwei: According to What?’ (through Feb. 24) As seen in its first American survey, the work of the lionhearted Chinese artist Ai Weiwei, is no match for his prominent role as a human rights advocate.
Opposition figures say that Ibrahimov owes much of what he has to the Aliyev family, but when I asked Ibrahimov about this, he shrugged.
Mr. Silva expects the works to be completed by 2015.
Don’t miss La Bottega dell’Artigianato, filled with hand-woven baskets and cutting boards carved from the wood of olive trees, or Antica Macelleria Falorni, a gloriously scented butcher shop that has been selling local salumi in the same location since the 18th century.
Mr. Lee said in an interview that medical marijuana clinics “offer a hodgepodge” of products, including many strains of the plant with varying ratios of active ingredients.
Cafes or watering holes swoop in and out, leaving no trace.
Martin’s Lane,” a smaller-scale 1938 melodrama about love and betrayal among the buskers of London’s streets.
The Housing Authority’s population is larger than most cities.
Instantly, right in front of his distraught siblings, he is transformed into “an elderly gentleman, handsomely but rather dowdily dressed, who was looking down at them through spectacles and asking them the nearest way to the railroad station.” He can’t understand why he finds himself surrounded by unruly children and instead of enjoying his newfound wealth, he heads to his office in London, presumably to make himself still richer.
You are like a Roman monument!
The fundamental problems are not in the catalog.
Mr. Steinberg’s case could bring prosecutors a step closer to Mr. Cohen, who has not been charged with a crime but has been accused by the Securities and Exchange Commission of failing to properly supervise SAC employees who allowed insider trading to flourish.
Here was a big American corporation with a nasty track record, putting something new and experimental into our food without telling us.
women’s college basketball coach to reach 900 wins as host Rutgers cruised past South Florida, 68-56.
The dear old thing, the brainchild of the great Pat Weaver (Sigourney’s pop), has endured as if it were a World War II veteran surviving health crisis after health crisis over the years, defying demise.
The number of new homes for sale, including houses not yet built, is estimated at 151,000.
(The Census Bureau’s own documents are unclear on this.)
NEWARK “The Hungry Hungry Games: A Parody.” Oct. 12 at 3 and 8 p.m. $45.
Those choices don’t run counter to the spirit of the playwright — Strindberg was constantly experimenting.
Patrice Bergeron had a goal for the Bruins, and the captain Zdeno Chara finished with four assists.
Fighting tore through parts of the capital of the Central African Republic on Thursday, hours before the United Nations Security Council voted to strengthen the international force that has been unable to quell the chaos there.
While other sports locations use LEDs to light scoreboards, concession stands and the like, the Bell Centre is the only major league sports site in North America to use only LEDs to light its playing surface.
Mr. Haley died in 1981.
But DuPont’s chief executive, Ellen Kullman, denied that Mr. Peltz had influenced her decision to evaluate the future of the unit.
She would never do that.
As state officials continue to court Chinese investment — Gov.
But “The Drowned Man” bears as much relation to its 19th-century source as “Sleep No More” did to “Macbeth,” which is to say very little.
Mr. Karzai’s spokesman said the government was especially perturbed by the endorsement of the report from the International Security Assistance Force because the military has had a program of reviewing Afghan detention facilities for the past year.
firm, Missing Piece Group , four years ago.
Mrs. Warner Leiber, 31, is a creative arts therapist in the acute inpatient psychiatric unit at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, where she leads creative arts therapy and therapeutic rehabilitation sessions for patients with psychiatric and medical problems.
nondisclosure agreement Mr. Weisberg must submit his scripts to the agency for approval.)
“That’s the ultimate question,” said Ken Perkins, founder of Retail Metrics.
He will not even go so far as to say that his generation of players, almost universally credited for raising the qualitative bar, is more special than any other.
If investigators find reason for concern it would be upgraded to a more serious engineering analysis.
She resents his two disciples — “the men who come to oversee my final years” as protectors or guards — for pressuring her to help mythologize Jesus as the son of God.
But with no guarantee that their child will end up in a top-notch public school, some families are viewing private education as a safety net and, gambling that their child gets in, are willing to move to a cheaper place to fund the tuition.
“I don’t know much about it, to be honest,” said Tanatswa Zimunya as a friend braided her hair in a busy market in the township of Warren Park, at the edge of Harare, the capital.
(Friday and Saturday nights at 8, 512 West 19th Street, Chelsea; 212-255-5793, thekitchen.org.)
On Jan. 14, Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour met with directors of Jordan’s radio stations and presenters.
It could also lead to slightly thinner margins for Pandora, which pays more than half its revenue in royalties, although the vast majority of those royalty payments go to record companies and performing artists.
Burns wasn’t interested himself, wanting to act in his own films instead.
The markets or the consumer-confidence polls?
The legislation would apply to loans guaranteed by the federal agencies that collectively back roughly 90 percent of new mortgages.
‘Holiday Harmonies’ (Saturday) Gregorian chant to Arcade Fire — that’s quite a range, but it shouldn’t prove daunting to the members of the Brooklyn Youth Chorus, who will be presenting their annual holiday concerts at a larger site this year: the Walt Whitman Theater at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts.
Though his lies and deceits were the stuff of fiction, they caused real harm to his victims, and now he faces real consequences as a result — the prospect of jail.” Ronald G. Russo, a lawyer for Mr. Sprecher and Ms. Forlenza, said they were pleased by the outcome of the case.
“We are here to celebrate your achievements,” Christine Lagarde, the chief of the International Monetary Fund, told a conference in Riga, the capital, this past summer.
Here is what she finally released: Her typically candid remark on this development: “Eric [Broucek, producer] had seen me play the song live a few times and was convinced that it worked best as an upbeat pop/rock song.
“I was sitting across the bench from the Miami Heat,” said Hardaway Jr., who was 7 at the time.
Mr. Pittman would later call it one of the most “unappetizing, unappealing and unpopular” jobs ever created.
8:10 p.m. | Updated WASHINGTON — In recent years, policy makers in Europe and the United States have fastened on the notion that reaching a certain heavy burden of debt would threaten future economic health — often to justify austerity budgets that increased unemployment and sapped economic strength in the here and now.
Daisuke Matsuzaka of Japan became a major leaguer just weeks ahead of Igawa but to far more fanfare, signing a six-year, $52 million contract with the Boston Red Sox after they won the rights to negotiate with him with a bid of $51,111,111.
“We want to dig down as deeply as we can and take it to New York.” He’s got his own ideas about what will help — more soliloquies is one suggestion — but he could not say what Ellison’s verdict would have been.
And that’s a process that’s been going on for some decades, and it’s gone a very long way.” “That shift has continued under Rudd and gone further under Julia Gillard and that has meant that the main focus has been on whose face attracts the most attention rather than policies that really intersect with the people who’ve provided the bulk of Labor’s support really since the 1890s,” he added.
Others pointed to Mali’s internal corruption and ethnic divisions.
At 14, Mr. Swartz helped create RSS, the nearly ubiquitous tool that allows users to subscribe to online information.
She can get people on the phone that the average finance director can’t.” Keeping pace with the Democratic nominee, however, is proving more difficult: Mr. de Blasio has raised more than twice the $2.7 million Mr. Lhota has collected.
It’s hard to explain why Maine is not more crowded with skiers and snowboarders in the winter.
Crows, whose brains are more than twice the size of those of ducks, are intelligent and resourceful creatures.
The deal also could set a precedent that potentially exposes a bank to scrutiny — from the government and from shareholder lawsuits — whenever it builds a huge trading position that alters the market.
“We make each other better players.
It was stately, and it was impressive.
Their show is ruined.’ Or ‘They’re not in a perfect line.
That was but one of many slowdowns during a long, trouble-plagued race that saw innumerable spins on rain-doused pavement, car-to-car crashes and further replacements of damaged barriers.
The pipes are now cleansed,” Mr. Murray said in an e-mail.
Some people quickly turned the war scare into a business opportunity.
That story involved the child of a severed home, a teenager bullied for his conflicted sexuality whose father, a conservative retired soldier, and mother, a Welsh woman who never adjusted to life in Oklahoma, bounced their child back and forth between places where he never fit in.
Reversing part of that increase now “will provide a boost to growth, reduce the financing distortions that are emerging in the market, and reduce the strain on corporate and bank balance sheets,” Raghuram Rajan, the new governor, said Friday at his first news conference on monetary policy.
The Web channels — under the umbrella name “Animal Planet Live” — are meant for Internet-connected TV sets, so viewers can watch the kitties and penguins on their big screens.
In addition to the New England Media Group sale, it completed sales of 16 regional newspapers, the About Group and its stake in the Fenway Sports Group.
This acoustic, sound-absorbing column seems just the answer for noisy restaurants or hotel lobbies.
Instead, they should look beyond family to feel valued and valuable for who they are, not what they provide.
A report in December by researchers at the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in the city of Chengdu put China’s Gini number at 0.61 for 2010.
The blame intensified after the killing of Mr. Belaid, who had received death threats for his criticisms of Islamists.
Officers found a vest, though relatives did not believe it belonged to Finnerty.
We had no complaints, though, with the coconut-dark chocolate swirl cheesecake or the profiteroles.
In total, the company’s non-smartphone division reported a 27 percent drop in the number of units sold, to 53.7 million, compared with the same period last year.
If commercialism and the weather have you down, there are plenty of apps to put you in the holiday spirit.
The Gallery also acquired the German artist Hans Haacke’s “Condensation Wall,” from 1963-66.
John Blaymires, chief operating officer of IGas Energy, said the government’s support could reap big rewards for Britain, especially in the industrial Manchester-Liverpool region, where the soccer-field-sized bare patch is being readied in Barton.
The revelations have also spurred new interest in the strengthening of European data privacy regulations.
Logan struck out David Ortiz on a full-count slider and then went after Napoli.
In fact, the past year has not been all that bad, as Saeed Ranchian, 39, a shopkeeper peddling perfumes in Tehran’s Grand Bazaar, said the other day while he was sipping tea and as droves of shoppers strolled by on newly paved sidewalks.
“I was just as surprised by that particular charge as probably everyone else.” Robert A. Skovgaard, Mr. Morrison’s lawyer, did not enter a plea for his client at the arraignment, but in a statement he called the charges “greatly exaggerated.”
“I can see Morningside Park from our window and like being so close to Central Park.” The number of children they saw in the neighborhood when they moved in, she added, “really spoke to the fact that this is probably going to be a good place, a comfortable place to have for years.” A Developing Neighborhood Schools don’t always follow their neighborhood’s upward trajectory.
The prosecutors said she actually paid the housekeeper just $573 a month and made her work far more than 40 hours a week.
The first Vincent portrait is a small oil sketch, the second is a pencil drawing worked up from the sketch and the third is a comic book-like aquatint.
They saw an end zone that, if breached, would catapult the Jets to a place that defied logic and good sense and anyone’s expectations but their own.
“His story getting here, it shows a lot about his character.” Buck joked that he found Torres “a little strange,” citing the soccer cleats he wears during workouts.
“But I think it’s probably slightly easier for the American guys, one, because they do it more often, and two, because they’re starting out all as one country.
Many homeless men and women have been traumatized, having endured serious psychological problems, abusive or neglectful childhoods, substance abuse and other significant maladies.
Monday’s ruling, Maryland v. King, No.
“Fifty percent complained that the bark was facing up, and the rest complained that the bark was facing down.” He explained, “One thing that really divides Norway is bark.” One thing that does not divide Norway, apparently, is its love of discussing Norwegian wood.
There is an evening zazen as well.
Under part-throttle acceleration — where most people drive most of the time — the C.V.T.
If, however, those sales went through on Sept. 3, he or she would have until Jan. 15 to make the payment.
That recommendation was ignored as a culture war was ignited in Parliament and society.
A smaller wetlands west of the corridor, Las Arenitas, was created by the conservation groups to help treat the outflow from a Mexicali sewage treatment plant — and Mexicali consumes Colorado water.
We’d all love to live in a city free from auto pollution, but as far as I can see, adding bicycle lanes has not reduced the number of cars; it has instead increased gridlock, leaving cars idling in traffic longer, spewing even more pollution.
That sense of wonder and that sense of discovery, it has practical application but it also nurtures what I believe is best in us.
On the contrary, a surprising number can’t seem to avoid engaging with faith, even when they pickle their protagonists.
Here are some of the more interesting items that the tech reporters and editors of The New York Times found on the Web recently.
The compound has been the subject of long-term studies, one still in progress.
Doctors typically recommend a prescription steroid , used topically in tiny amounts, coupled with an over-the-counter moisturizer applied generously right after showering to hold water in the skin.
As Titania says: The spring, the summer, The childing autumn, angry winter change Their wonted liveries; and the mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which.
But she needs to have a plan on how she will figure out what she wants to be when she grows up.
LOVING MEMPHIS LIKE A LOCAL One of my goals as I drive from Louisiana to North Dakota this summer is to dive into local rituals as much as possible.
MILLBURN “Fever,” paintings by Serena Bocchino.
Outlining his budget proposals to Congress on Wednesday, Mr. Obama pushed to raise more than $600 billion in new revenue, mainly by curbing deductions for the most affluent taxpayers and forcing million-dollar earners to pay a minimum rate of 30 percent.
Is there anything you’d like to change or improve about your fitness routine?
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has specifically cited the U.S. war in Iraq, which ended in December 2011 with the removal of the last American forces, and the war in Afghanistan.” This is a popular meme among radical Muslim groups, and, to be sure, some Muslim youths were deeply angered by the U.S. interventions in the Middle East.
Del’s doughnut is like falling into a pillow.” No time for slumber in Round 2; the two remaining contestants are told to bake to the theme of “Good morning.” Each has to make three doughnut varieties, two dozen of each.
Despite Royal Mail’s troubled financial position, union leaders remain opposed to the share sale, and have vowed to call a number of strikes by the end of the year in an attempt to block the offering.
The move just inflamed Chinese opinion.
And now I’m back here.
I don’t think he particularly likes being photographed smoking, because he knows a lot of young people look up to him, and I’m sure he’d hate to be responsible for anyone picking up the habit.
You can listen to a clip from the program below.
But Sony’s chief executive, Kazuo Hirai, and the rest of Sony’s board cannot breathe a sigh of relief just yet Peter Thal Larsen is Asia editor at Reuters Breakingviews.
Inclusion in Ceroni’s book is seen by specialists as the indispensable guarantee of authenticity for a Modigliani.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has approved new regulations to make it easier for veterans to receive health care and compensation for certain illnesses, including Parkinsonism, dementia, and depression, which have been linked to traumatic brain injury.
On consecutive possessions, Kansas City quarterback Alex Smith connected with Jamaal Charles for a 2-yard touchdown pass and then threw 34 yards to Dwayne Bowe for another touchdown.
6 in the rankings, but he is the second- highest-paid athlete in the world, ahead of Kobe Bryant and LeBron James, and just behind Tiger Woods.
If there were a Charlie Brown Christmas tree of apps, it would be Christmas and Holiday Light Displays.
Ah, so that’s why the letters keep changing.
Two days later, India accused Pakistan of killing two soldiers and beheading one of them.
Asked about several of the candidates’ plans to raise taxes on the wealthy, Mr. Bloomberg said, “It’s about as dumb a policy I can think of.” Although the question was not about a particular candidate, his remark was generally taken as a knock on the public advocate, Bill de Blasio, who had just proposed imposing a tax surcharge on the wealthy to pay for universal prekindergarten.
Because she is not an iconoclast, that meant delivering stronger, steadier, more emotionally engaged renditions than nine-tenths of the nightclub population.
I was either going to be an airplane pilot or go into real estate — I decided that at the age of 13.
(Schaefer) ★ Reggie Wilson/ Fist & Heel Performance Group (Wednesday through Dec. 7) Moses, the ancient emancipator, serves as artistic muse for the choreographer Reggie Wilson’s contribution to the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Next Wave Festival.
But the deplorable 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, which prevents the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages, stands in the way of full benefits like health care coverage and off-base housing allowances.
Even his publisher sees fit to identify him by his years: ‘A masterpiece by an 88-year-old master.’ It took this long?
The whole world is going to commentate, ‘what is that game?’ The referees that we had today didn’t handle it properly.
The company reported a $5 million loss in income from continuing operations, compared with a $2.9 million loss the year before.
It took Carmelo Anthony only 14 days as a Knick to script his first signature moment, to stoke the dormant dreams of an expectant city and make all things seem possible.
The streets of Darjeeling were usually empty during the day, but they would fill up in the evenings with large crowds, addressed by local college student leaders.
Mr. Austin died in prison of lung disease, while Mr. Jennette, 49, was released in 2007 after serving 21 years.
BRAVES 3, MARLINS 2 In Miami, Kris Medlen allowed only an unearned run in seven innings, and Atlanta earned its fifth consecutive victory.
The math lesson here is that a straight line does not always make for the fastest way between two points, that hills and curves speed one’s ride.
The survey found that only about 3 in 10 people thought the exchanges were working well.
This can be something in Manaus that we know as ours.” First, though, the stadium will have its moment in the spotlight.
Why is it that men did not harass Egyptian women when they wore short skirts but that sexual harassment has increased against women in head scarves?
New treatments have been life-altering for R.A. patients.
Chinese fashionistas and regular folk have been cooing for days over the sky-blue scarf, the handsome handbag and the classic updo of Peng Liyuan, the wife of President Xi Jinping of China, who seemed to shatter a tradition when she stepped out of an Air China plane in Moscow last Friday with her husband, smiling and waving, her outfit matching his.
They grill beautiful seafood and nice meats.
Before the lost season of 2004-5, the N.H.L.’s economics were different: there was no salary cap.
But like the refuseniks in the 1970s or Pussy Riot last year, these activists and this artist have disturbed the Kremlin’s social order and for that they must be punished.
However, the study said that low-income people would see significant reductions in their premiums and out-of-pocket costs, in part because of income tax credits and other subsidies.
Nobody will say anything about anything.
He recalled that the “vast wasteland” speech of Newton N. Minow, the former F.C.C.
(New Deal-era liberalism, for instance, owed a major debt to Catholic social thought.)
The showdown in December over the so-called fiscal cliff yielded $620 billion in tax increases over 10 years.
A vintage motorboat, the Admiral’s Launch, picks up visitors at the marina and for a $10 fee shuttles them past water taxis and ferries to a landing on the barge.
But if we can’t bring them in as fully loaded as the industry wants them to come, then they will bypass us.” In his remarks here, Mr. Obama cited Abraham Lincoln, saying Lincoln was a Republican president who saw the value of investing in infrastructure, like the first transcontinental railroad.
BAYLOR 73, WEST VIRGINIA 42 Bryce Petty threw for two touchdowns and had one of Baylor’s eight rushing scores as the No.
Gracia, gracia por Lucia.” After a long winter off the street, the four-year-old prayer station has returned to its spot on Fifth Avenue.
As many of his followers say, “With Chávez everything, without Chávez nothing.” But that leaves his revolution in a precarious spot without its charismatic leader.
It sent thousands of educated, middle-class volunteers to canvass the city’s far-flung neighborhoods.
Green Dawn The juices at the sunny cafe at Vía Orgánica (a nonprofit organic farm and education center; Calle Margarito Ledesma 2; viaorganica.org ) are squeezed from the produce in the adjoining grocery store: carrot, apple, guyabano, orange (of course) and whatever’s fresh — a celery-basil brew, maybe?
Nursing a Jack and Coke, I became fixated on one older couple, dancing slowly but elegantly, and I imagined their story: they had met here decades ago, and have danced every Saturday since.
Trey Anastasio, who has logged multiple visits to “Jesus Christ Superstar” and “The Gershwins’ Porgy and Bess” in recent years, can’t stand the click track.
On a Mac running recent versions of OS X, go to the Apple menu on the left side of the menu bar and choose About This Mac.
1 on Billboard’s Hot 100 singles chart for the third time in a row with its song “Thrift Shop,” featuring Wanz, which had 381,000 downloads last week — far more than any other song — and continues to gain radio play on multiple formats, including pop.
Use our questions for test preparation or just for fun.
The revelations come as caseworkers at the agency, Child Protective Services, have been taking on a record number of cases regarding child neglect or abuse.
Murle leaders complained that United Nations peacekeepers and the South Sudanese national forces had abandoned them in their hour of need and simply stood by.
As editor of the English-language Buenos Aires Herald back then, Mr. Cox hammered away at the military’s excesses that the national dailies all but ignored.
means that portable navigation devices still have not been supplanted by smartphones.
At least 12 civilians were killed and 30 wounded, including children, in an attack northwest of the capital, the United Nations mission there said Tuesday.
Whenever the music gets complex, Mr. Possokhov goes for the most rhythmically obvious pulse instead.
And it is the only hotel in the Netherlands to serve 100 percent organic food, according to the owner.
Firefox OS Simulator 3.0 Preview The Firefox OS Simulator just got some new features that will help you make your Firefox OS apps even better.
Statue now in Doha as ‘advert’ for WC2022!
“Their whole team was good.” REBOUNDS Before Sunday’s game, Mike Woodson denied a report that Iman Shumpert could be traded to the Phoenix Suns before the Feb. 21 trade deadline.
The Wizards waived Blatche last summer despite being on the hook for the $23 million left on his contract.
As a gun safety bill dissolved on the Senate floor last month, a group of eight senators — some who had supported the failed measure — had already moved on to a policy battle they found more promising: reinventing the nation’s troubled immigration system.
It was any kind of nefarious financial activity he could make money from — laundering people’s money, manipulating taxes.
Requiring it would be subject to the approval of the players’ union.
All are full and fetching higher-than-expected rents by about 25 cents a square foot.
But to students of Afghan history, Mr. Karzai’s motivation for publicly spurning foreign powers was quite obvious.
Your top conference rivals — Rutgers, Notre Dame and Louisville — are leaving, and Connecticut’s status is at best unknown.
From just 7.7 percent of all visits to American ski slopes two decades ago, snowboarders accounted for nearly one-third of visitors two years ago.
In early 2010, White House officials and labor advocates told The Times that the administration was planning to change the way it awarded federal contracts to give an edge to companies that offer better pay and benefits.
Israel.” Telling his listeners, “We have evidence,” Mr. Erdogan cited comments made two years ago by the Algerian-born French philosopher Bernard-Henri Lévy, who “is also Jewish,” as supposed proof of a longstanding Israeli plot to deny the Muslim Brotherhood power in Egypt, even if it won elections.
Prof. Dr. Wanka got her doctorate in 1980, the same year as Dr. Schavan.
RIDGEFIELD Works by Danny Hellman, Daniel Yagmin Jr. and Deanna Passarelli.
The nonbinding vote, which will be announced on May 21 at JPMorgan’s annual meeting in Tampa, Fla., is expected to be close.
The reaction to “Eichmann in Jerusalem” was harsh and relentless, and Ms. von Trotta shows how it extended from the public realm of learned journalism into Arendt’s personal life, costing her several longstanding friendships.
“At Koc, 95 percent of the faculty received their Ph.D.’s from American universities,” said Dr. Karabati, who completed his doctorate at the University of Texas at Austin.
He acknowledges that “a supplemental video might influence applications on the borderline” but firmly refuses to solicit videos because, he says, writing is the essential college-going skill, because a video posted on YouTube invites public comment, and because bright introverts might be put off.
Admissions officials were careful not to mention gender, ethnicity and race during our training sessions.
June 16, noon to 5 p.m. Free with museum admission and free for fathers.
Heather Gaudio Fine Art, 21 South Avenue.
“But you don’t want to be in newspapers for 10 years,” he said.
I was 15 at the time.
He is also at work on a project in his neighborhood, in which he hangs out in the homes of neighbors until they forget about him or lose their self-consciousness in front of the camera.
The normally smiling and charming Stephens has been under pressure since comparisons to Serena Williams gained steam and her results improved last year.
$7; children 15 and under, free.
They both worked for the bank’s chief investment office in London.
In the three episodes of Season 7, set in 1946, Foyle comes back from America and is recruited to work for MI5 in London.
On Friday, the Dow closed at 15,248.12, more than double the recession low.
Research shows that some American shoppers would prefer and pay more for clothes from factories that don’t exploit workers.
Mr. Regan didn’t relish the idea of working on Christmas, but his boss assured him the tips would make it worthwhile.
22 Massachusetts its first defeat of the season, 60-55, in the Orange Bowl Classic in Sunrise, Fla. Aaron Thomas scored 18 points for Florida State.
Akili Walker made a living controlling sound.
The theology of sin is important.
Held at an ’_80s-theme dance club in Midtown, it features celebrity impersonators who wander through the crowd handing out party favors (lollipops from Katy Perry, trucker hats from Justin Bieber) and taking turns at karaoke.
Last month, he cited the inaccurate claim by pro-Hezbollah bloggers that video of the attack’s victims had been posted online the day before the event, which was subsequently debunked.
Suddenly he has become a major force in the general elections to Parliament that are due in a few months.
“I don’t know how much energy I got after this.” Energy has been on his mind of late.
Worse, our fixed position is not that fixed; the mooring dances in the currents like a kite on a string.
Post your questions and I’ll respond to as many as possible in a future blog post.
More of the materials will be made available to the public in September.
For me, the seat maps continue to be the main draw to the site.
Once again, Coach John Tortorella did not take responsibility for the bench minor.
In a three-set victory over Victoria Azarenka, Sharapova seemed to throw the ball up without being sure how it would come down.
His recall for the Sri Lanka tour after more than a year out of the team came only because Shahriar Nafees was ruled out with a hand injury.
And while they didn’t achieve cuts in entitlement programs, they’ll soon have the opportunity to hold the country hostage over the debt ceiling, at which point they can demand reckless and economy-wounding cuts in government spending.
She was popular, a hard worker.
Postoperative infections were 50 percent more likely in weekend patients, pulmonary complications were twice as common, and the risk for wound complications and repeat surgery was 10 times as high.
“By leveraging the oncology expertise of our doctors, nurses, allied health professionals, researchers and support staff across the spectrum of the disease, we are taking a major step forward in the fight against cancer,” Dr. David Eidelman, dean of McGill’s faculty of medicine, said in a statement.
The United States once again leads the list, with 442 billionaires.
In the history, portraits and genre in 18th-century France gallery, the harpsichordist Jory Vinikour retraces the lineage of French keyboard music from Louis Couperin to his nephew François to Rameau.
Serve with a bracing white wine.
Boeing announced dozens of new orders for its 787 Dreamliner, despite a three-month grounding this year because of problems with its lightweight but volatile lithium-ion batteries.
“The compromise was an artful one,” said Mr. Benepe, who is now a senior vice president of the Trust for Public Land.
While local officials say that this condition was in response to a steely resolve by Muslims to stay away from their Jat neighbors, civil society advocates contend that the policy permanently divides communities along religious lines because the majority of the displaced end up moving to Muslim-majority areas.
The opposition has steadfastly declined every option that entails a return to the ballot box.” As recently as Tuesday the president, prime minister and top military officer had agreed on what Mr. Haddad called “an excellent path for Egypt out of its current impasse,” he wrote, including “a full change of cabinet, a prime minister acceptable to all, changing the public prosecutor, agreement on constitutional amendments, and a reconciliation commission.” Mr. Haddad also lashed out as Western governments that he said had “castigated” Egypt for lagging in its progress toward a modern democracy.
He then moved to Pittsburgh, where he worked as a project engineer for Westinghouse’s nuclear division and earned his law degree from Duquesne University.
He can’t even muster the indignation (and cash) to chase down Mom’s murderer.
But April 2012 was an exceptionally bad month for Chinese exports and imports — indeed, dismal trade statistics for that month were the first sign that economic weakness during the preceding winter was turning into a precipitous decline.
Dr. Driscoll, who was elevated to education commissioner in 1998, kept the MCAS.
A god, a literal god, beautiful and brilliant, had chosen to speak to me.” “‘You are a greedy pig, aren’t you?’ he said cheerfully by way of introduction.
Nancy Folbre is professor emerita of economics at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst.
On a third attempt, the plane left the runway but slammed into a fence.
Although Russians know more about Stalin’s crimes than they did ever before, many politicians and historians want to pull him out of the shadows and celebrate him for his role in the industrialization of the young Soviet state and the victory over Nazi Germany.
“The longer it lays out there, the worse it’s going to smell.
Mr. Roggin’s mother retired as a humanities and English teacher at Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda.
Mark Kelly , husband of former Representative Gabrielle Giffords , who was shot during an event in her Arizona district, and Larry Pratt , director of Gun Owners of America, will debate gun control.
Reach us via e-mail diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
Why can’t Mexico, like Brazil or Norway, develop its publicly owned oil company into an enterprise that can successfully benefit from association or competition with private companies?
Join us.” Mr. Eppridge found the human side of big stories.
It’s like listening to a Justin Bieber song after listening to a Beethoven concerto.
It is testing a “trending topics” module on the main news feed page that would show users the most popular subjects that people are talking about on Facebook.
As an alternative, in an effort to force the service providers to better police phone usage, the commission also said that the companies could, for the same compensation they already receive from the government, offer participants 500 minutes a month.
But is this girl likely to find a job in Haiti, with her education?
As we pulled in, we saw several large Chinese fishing boats a couple of miles off the island.
Renowned as a healer, Mr. Kwaku Bonsam claims to treat everything from curses to impotence.
I developed migraines and stomach cramps.
In addition to its technology prowess, the building at 111 Town Square Place is also well suited for small tenants, said David Stifelman, an executive director at Cushman & Wakefield of New Jersey.
How they act will determine whether, fairly or not, the Sabres’ reputation changes, too.
At the time, the High Line had not been redone and restaurants in the neighborhood were scarce.
The company said its management was not available to discuss Peanut.
They commandeered and consumed a vast amount of food and whiskey, and the next day, after raising the rebel flag over the Carlisle barracks, they marched toward Gettysburg.
As with the stage, the audience in a game occupies the same three-dimensional space as the fictional inhabitants, Mr. Gaynor noted.
He started advertising in the Washington Blade, a newspaper serving gay men and lesbians, transgender people and bisexuals.
And on all of the other measures of performance, flexibility and muscle soreness, the groups were the same.
It took me years to get back to some sort of normality, but at work, we had to have this macho facade, in the canteen we had to behave as if the “one under” (as we called it in those days) hadn’t affected us at all.
With a little hunting, my wife and daughters located some Web site that sold attractive clothes with more modest, yet trendy-enough slogans: “I Love Music” and “Bee-You-Tiful” with a bumblebee.
The result suggests that Mr. Henry might contain within him an eventual Lear.
Modern mothers love to debate how long to breast-feed, a topic that stirs both guilt and pride.
“It’s a 50-year-old recalling memories of being a teenager.” It was a recent Saturday afternoon and the girls were doing publicity in a work space they use as an editing suite, periodical stack, writing carrel, wardrobe and lounge.
But disaster relief is different, and only a doctrinaire reading of the Constitution would treat it as a forbidden subsidy of religion.
Ronald A. Baskin, 21, the great-nephew of a prominent community activist, was fatally shot as he was driving away from his great-grandmother’s home in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago, Ill. Four people were injured in an overnight shooting at the Loose Cannons Motorcycle clubhouse in Apache Junction, Ariz. A 50-year-old man was shot , critically injured and found lying in the road after a robbery in Miami, Fla., Sunday evening.
Jesse Friedman maintained his innocence for a year.
Thus, to compare how an individual currently insured in the nongroup market will fare as of Jan. 1, one should compare the premium the individual pays now — the medically underwritten P i = (1 + L)X i as in the equation above — with the net after-subsidy premium: P c = (1 + L)X c – TC i where P c now is a common, community-rated premium quoted to all applicants in a given age group, X c is the expected per-member outlay on health care for the insured, averaged over the insurer’s entire risk pool, and TC i is the income-based federal subsidy to which individual “i” may be entitled.
The most likely is an allergy.
“Make it a way of life.” Brian Lehrer, a WNYC radio host, moderated the forum.
So if a soldier was wearing this, it would work from every angle.
They are women with principles and also they don’t want to let go.
4 Agnieszka Radwanska in the semifinals.
We can’t cure Alzheimer’s disease or even say what causes it.
A documentary from the series “The Lady Jaguars: Carroll Academy, Revisited.” In this monthly feature we collect everything published in The Times about young people so you can find it in one handy spot.
“For years, Dartmouth has been run by and has paid sky-high fees to a group of investment manager trustees, all Dartmouth graduates, who have then recycled some portion of the fees” back to the college “as generous ‘donations,’ ” often getting a building named for them in the process.
You got your first professional role at 6.
There is no timetable for waiver request decisions.
It takes a half minute to walk from one side to the other.
An exceptionally beautiful square tile contemporary with the ewers sold immediately before them for £7,500, below the low estimate, to a lone bidder battling against the reserve.
Two authors of the study own shares in Interleukin Genetics, the company that makes the genotype test for interleukin-1.
Their first film to attract wide attention was “The Europeans” (1979), based on a Henry James novel set in mid-19th-century New England.
The overarching goal of the Guatemalan counterinsurgency was to destroy all oppositional thinking.
3 and included eight grandmasters: Wesley So of the Philippines, Georg Meier of Germany, Manuel León Hoyos of Mexico, Fidel Corrales Jimenez of Cuba, Anatoly Bykhovsky of Israel, Andre Diamant of Brazil, Denes Boros of Hungary and Ray Robson of the United States.
“He displayed abominably poor judgment and the maturity of a 14-year-old boy, both of which render him completely unsuitable for service in this extremely challenging job that requires someone of a much higher personal and professional caliber than Mr. Weiner,” Beth White said on Facebook .
“If this little piece, this one piece, breaks,” Mr.
On several previous possessions, Anthony and Garnett had banged in the low post and barked at one another when the whistle was blown.
You might not know this unless we have met, but I am an exceptionally polite person.
“To the residents of Toronto: I know I have let you down and I cannot do anything else other than apologize,” said Mr. Ford, near tears at times.
Mrs. Clinton almost always let others handle it.
They put it all out and everybody takes what they want.
RIVERHEAD Portraits by Ruth Nasca.
They came up with 16 aspects thought to be predictors of N.F.L.
The seven new Hall of Famers will be officially inducted Aug. 3.
Unlike the residents, who expect privacy because their room is essentially their home, workers cannot assume that their actions are going unrecorded.
I always think of myself as being part of the ensemble.
“Today, when I travel around the world, every place I go people say, Pelé, when will the New York Cosmos come back,” he said, in English.
It was a proposition for paying the expenses of the war for two hundred days, or four hundred millions, to the Rebel States, to be for the extinguishment of slavery, or for such purpose as the States were disposed.
The season runs from late May to early October.
( Yahoo Autos ) • In the automotive version of cutting off your nose to spite your face, a Maserati owner in China ordered his Quattroporte sedan smashed to bits with sledgehammers in protest of poor dealership service.
“There were times he’d talk to me multiple times a day,” she said.
Participants, working as teams, will present their ideas to judges, and the top two games will be featured at the Come Out & Play Festival on July 13 at Governors Island.
When the chartered airplane carrying Manchester United players aborted its first attempt to land in Germany on Tuesday evening, it evoked memories of the worst day in the club’s European Cup history.
“A very big part of all my work is color.” Growing up in Sweden, he explained, schoolchildren wore almost identical clothing; all that distinguished them was the colors they chose.
Mr. Martins, who first saw the work in 1996 in a small theater outside Paris, remembers being overwhelmed by it.
They feel lonely playing games and being with family and moving through crowds and having sex.
Some distant female relatives cared for him at the last.
for letting this vintage Clark Kent and his alter-ego extend their 15 minutes.
But other statistics paint a different picture: the Dutch have a low figure for deaths per billion miles cycled, around 21, as opposed to 38 in Britain.
“You wouldn’t have expected that they were going to buy something so strong,” Kalenderian told me.
“At a time when the Federal Reserve has pushed interest rates close to zero, the safest of these new investments offer interest rates almost double that paid by ultrasafe United States Treasury securities, according to RBS Securities, which was involved in such instruments in the past.” Still, the revival underscores how the investments “have largely escaped new regulations that were supposed to prevent a repeat of the last financial crisis.” MUNGER’S $110 MILLION GIFT | Charles T. Munger, the vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and a longtime business partner of Warren E. Buffett’s, has pledged $110 million to the University of Michigan , the largest donation in the school’s history, the university said in a statement Thursday.
The shelves of Daunt Books interweave travel guides with a world of literature; the shop’s cloth bags are de rigueur for London literary locavores.
Working for Diana Vreeland at Harper’s Bazaar was a great learning curve.
For Lade, it has not so much been a sophomore slump as a disappearance.
Jerry Jones, the Cowboys’ owner, has seen the team reach the doorstep of the playoffs for the third straight season.
As he accepted the honor, Mr. Cintamani said it felt wrong to be rewarded for “something that I enjoy doing so much.”
Many of its regular shoppers adore it.
It is probably that after the signature of peace the delegates to the Peace Conference will remain in London some little time to settle such questions as the interchange of prisoners of war.
On the dance end, the choreographer Yanira Castro offers the premiere of “Nancy,” an installation focusing on the performer Nancy Ellis that explores ideas revolving around the representation of a performer.
Crocodiles, bats and humans fuse into heroic hunters on a hammered-gold plaque from pre-Columbian Panama.
Julian (Harold Perrineau) discovers that his wife, Candy (Regina Hall), has a past, preserved in a video online.
The study was carried out in a collaboration between the Yale researchers and All of Us or None, a California advocacy group for the rights of inmates and former prisoners.
Timberlake appears in two movies this year.
West Virginia, depleted by injuries, was 7-6.
Top administration officials said this week that the lead contractor on the project, CGI Federal, a unit of the CGI Group, had not met their expectations.
(Monday): 502 Lorimer Street (Powers Street), Williamsburg, Brooklyn; (718) 387-2267; campbellcheese.com .
He graduated from Tulane University.
And, with Mr. Carlsen’s ascension, sex appeal.
An all-white coalition of Republicans and dissident Democrats controls the Senate.
The premise is that Mr. Spurlock, who is always the star of his shows, embeds himself in a new culture each week, beginning with the medical marijuana industry on Sunday.
But late last year, with the market for structured finance coming back to life, the hotel’s owners were able to refinance the old mortgage.
But in one corner of the literary landscape, verse-novels are still thriving: young adult fiction, where writers as diverse as David Levithan, Patricia McCormick and Lisa Schroeder have published books in that form, and Ellen Hopkins’s verse-novels regularly hit the Times best-seller list.
Father Lombardi said that slightly more than 100 of the 150 or so cardinals present had given short speeches about the state of the church and what was needed in the next pope, a subtle form of politicking and auditioning.
Dave Bettencourt, who runs a baseball academy in Haverhill, Mass., gave Mike a key to the facility so he could work in private with Carl on Sunday mornings during high school.
“The more an internship program is structured around a classroom or academic experience,” the department said, “the more likely the internship will be viewed as an extension of the individual’s educational experience (this often occurs where a college or university exercises oversight over the internship program and provides educational credit).” There were other criteria as well: unpaid internships are illegal if the student is doing work that has “immediate advantage” for the business.
In a forward section, piles of fishing poles, packs and binoculars were jumbled amid the sleepers.
“There won’t be enough funding for education or health,” he said.
The New York City Housing Authority will ease its ban on recently released prisoners and allow some of them to live in public housing as part of a pilot program set to start next month.
“We’re not going to the playoffs — people might not want to hear that, but that’s the truth,” Ventura said.
The characters are there, not the actors struggling.
Amazon.com, the biggest online store, and its much smaller competitor Overstock.com had separately sued to challenge a 2008 state law that required online retailers to collect sales taxes on purchases made by New York residents.
We don’t have stats on the number of people who start to play it and then stop in the middle.
Today in Your Money All the news from The Times that will hit you in the wallet.
Can do better, much better.
This year, that slight has resulted in the Pulitzer race being watched a little more closely in advance of the official announcement on Monday afternoon.
Heather Gaudio Fine Art, 21 South Avenue.
“Falling into the trap of forming a paralyzed government will not just be useless, it will be a huge disappointment to Syrians,” he said.
They did not gain another yard.
The sanctions have given America leverage, and we should use it to seek a deal that would finally restrict Iran’s ability to make bomb fuel, rather than ratchet up the pressure in the hopes of getting either a broader deal now or a total surrender later.
Mr. Arshack said Mr. Takenaka’s agreement was negotiated through Japanese employees, not Mr. Dare, and that Mr. Takenaka had given “written consent to use his name, image and bio on its Web site” with the titles found there.
At least the Twinkie is coming back.
It makes clear that contemporary artists like Christian Marclay, Jon Kessler, Cory Arcangel, Ryan Trecartin and Haroon Mirza owe a great deal to Mr. Paik’s tweaked TV sets and frenetic, technically innovative videos.
He said he does try not to post anything too bad around lunchtime.
Some who successfully established a marketplace account received an e-mail asking them to verify their e-mail addresses, but the link provided did not work.
Common motives include the rejection of marriage proposals or sexual advances.
But the Equus is more convincingly deluxe, especially inside, where it looks more Lexus, less Buick.
When I asked Mr. Deeter’s replacement as managing partner, Seth McDaniel, what happened, he said, “Look, David did a great job and I have a lot of respect for him, but the 16 partners thought it was the right decision for the company to make a change.” When I asked Mr. Deeter how he reacted to the vote, he said, “It hurt my feelings that day, but even worse when I had to go to the first company pep talk and see somebody else on stage.
The homeowner and the child were not harmed.
That baby’s life may sound nasty, brutish and short, especially for a nation advanced enough to keep such detailed records, but before you imagine 19th-century Swedish teenagers suffering the regret and ennui of midlife crises, consider this: that same year, a 20-year-old Swede could reasonably expect to live another 37 years.
If it fails to add large numbers of new users, it may be perceived as a niche player.
Ristorante Miky, Monterosso, Via Fegina 104; www.ristorantemiky.it .
I think he really likes the puzzle aspect of it.
Deploying subsidies as incentives isn’t inherently bad, of course.
“You know, these kids learned what life is going to be like sometimes.
Mr. Salikhov said he was beginning to get the feeling that the authorities were creating problems in the village in the hope that he and his family would leave, returning across the Dagestani border and off the territory of Stavropol.
They are almost the only people in Verona not obsessed by breasts.
The convening of the Senate also saw the return of Senator Mark Kirk, Republican of Illinois, who had been away for a year recovering from a stroke.
Among those who have expressed concern about the proposed 143-foot-tall building is the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which operates the Cloisters , a museum in Upper Manhattan across the Hudson River from the development site.
Together, the utilities have more than 650,000 customers.
Having to deal with putting hours and days and years into an idea that’s just taken from you.
In Europe, the sheer number of Internet providers makes it difficult to find a common position.
The Indonesian government and a United States-based mining company will appoint an independent team to investigate the collapse of a training tunnel last week near the company’s operations in the remote Papua region that killed 28 local workers, officials said Wednesday.
Previously chief financial officer, Mr. Voser had helped stabilize Shell after a scandal over misstatement of oil and gas reserves.
INFINITY BLADE III Released on Sept. 18 Developed by Chair Entertainment For iOS (iPhone and iPad) Rated 9+ (Players 9 and older) for cartoon or fantasy violence and infrequent or mild realistic violence Like the two entries that preceded it, Infinity Blade III is a showcase of the graphical power of iOS devices and a demonstration of the Unreal Engine 3 technology that runs it and so many other games.
So long as that remains the case, a Republican Party that takes the direction its elites seem to want to chart could easily find itself in an extremely perilous political position.
She exudes the nobility and practicality of artisans who come from a line that goes back for generations.
I thought this piece of sculpture was the coolest thing ever, so I naturally wrote a story about it, because that’s what you do in college — absent any real life experience, you write about the closest thing at hand.
A man is watching a football game on television, and his wife asks him who is winning.
Last Tuesday the city celebrated the 90th anniversary of Turkey’s founding with unusual pomp.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
The more miles traveled by car in a particular place, the greater the chance of accident, as Reid Ewing , the report’s lead researcher and a professor of city and metropolitan planning at the University of Utah, said.
A bit of trimming could make it cleaner, of course.
Meryl Davis and Charlie White have been trading the major titles with Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir of Canada since the Vancouver Games in 2010, and the world championships is not likely to be any different.
“But in many other areas, we need to be quick, quick, quick,” he said.
WHAT hints did he drop about two major legislative battles that he plans to wage?
The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the lower court ruling on Monday in a 2-to-1 decision, saying that Aereo’s streams of TV shows to individual subscribers did not constitute “public performances,” and thus the broadcasters’ copyright infringement lawsuits against the service “are not likely to prevail on the merits.” Aereo also includes a digital video recorder not unlike the remote digital video recorder system that was operated by Cablevision and was upheld in court several years ago.
In addition to D-ferg nailing the strategy, there were a lot of great questions and discussions about issues not even part of the challenge.
If he achieves this renegotiation — a big if — he proposes to recommend a yes vote in the putative referendum of 2017.
It is unclear whether the legal strategy will work, but it suggests that hundreds of retired players may opt out of the concussion-related settlement, which is being heard in Federal District Court in Philadelphia.
Probably not as much as we should.” Mr. Horowitz is an unusually thoughtful person, but thinking about social implications is not his job.
ONE source of the outsize inequalities in America is the dynamism that made economic activity so rewarding.
Two weeks ago, Penn State’s board of trustees authorized the payment of about $60 million to settle claims made by dozens of Sandusky’s victims.
Small businesses, Mr. Fuller said, would lose just over half of those jobs.
“Such attacks will not deter us and will not succeed in derailing our efforts to find a resolution to all problems through a process of dialogue.” It was a somewhat risky decision by a prime minister little known for taking political chances.
When Simmons denied stealing anything, Spooner shot him in the chest in front of his mother, then fired a second shot as the victim tried to run away.
That’s why it was weird to discover that this puzzle was really outside my wheelhouse.
RIDGEWOOD Ridgewood Symphony Orchestra concert program features classical guitarist Cem Duruoz performing Rodrigo’s “Fantasia para un Gentilhombre.” Nov. 22 at 8 p.m. $10 to $23.
As extra protection against dehydration, he chugged a large orange Gatorade.
Global investors continued to withdraw funds from emerging markets, as interest rates edge up in anticipation of the Fed’s move to reduce its stimulus efforts in the United States.
Writing in The Times late that year, Hilton Kramer reviewed an exhibition at Hofstra University that included the image, calling it “one of the most beautifully composed pictures in the show,” but going on to say, “Yet its ‘Marat/Sade’ imagery leaves one wondering if we have not moved beyond the boundaries of fashion photography.” The reaction from others was even more strident.
Barring the exceptions of Urvashi Butalia’s The Other Side of Silence and Amitav Ghosh’s 1995 essay, The Ghosts of Mrs. Gandhi in The New Yorker , most Indian writers were reluctant to engage with that horrific past.
Another year, there was bone-rattling music as the artist M.I.A.
12 Middle Tennessee (25-8) in the Bridgeport Region in Louisville, Ky., for its fifth straight opening-round N.C.A.A.
“You taught us how to live and now you have taught us how to die,” was the gist of many of the thousands of messages received by the Vatican.
I am suspicious of the patterns that people claim to identify beyond that, which may reflect the human bias toward detecting signal in random noise.
Chesley Calloway, Hallie Haglund, Vic Henley and Harrison Greenbaum will all be on hand.
Matsuzaka, 32, helped the Boston Red Sox win a World Series title in 2007, but he had Tommy John elbow reconstruction surgery two years ago.
All this activity presupposes that government officials, private investors and museum curators in the Netherlands are hoping for yet another golden age.
South Korea and Taiwan have already announced their export figures for September and fared even worse.
Forest Whitaker plays Cecil Gaines (based on Allen), who escapes the brutality of Southern Jim Crow and settles into a career amid the more genteel racism of official Washington.
I would not ask him anything in particular; I would try to get him a little drunk (it should be easy) and then sit at his feet to listen to his stories.
The budget of the contemporary Metropole Orchestra has been cut in half and the Radio Philharmonic Orchestra and the Radio Chamber Philharmonic will be folded into a single orchestra.
“The newspaper the Süddeutsche Zeitung recently said it’s more like a biblical weather forecast than an anthem and that is the best description I have heard,” he said.
Remove from the grill and return the fennel to the bowl.
During Mr. Ahmadinejad’s presidency, Iranian hard-liners jailed hundreds of dissidents, journalists and activists and closed numerous newspapers and Web sites.
Later it became his passion.
Previous spots featured a fifth-grader who made a film of herself flying over her school’s playground, and a businessman who created an “alternate universe” through computer-generated imagery while commuting on a train.
Dr. Bassett remembers him as “a handsome boy.” — Andrea Rice Arnie was an adult stray when he was adopted by Kim Simmons, the director of the Linton Zoo in England.
Google’s spending is “unsustainable,” Coast argues, “because in the long run, this stuff is all going to be free.” The O.S.M.
So while a vast majority of stimulant users will not experience psychosis — and a doctor may never encounter it in decades of careful practice — the sheer volume of prescriptions leads to thousands of cases every year, experts acknowledged.
Please use only your first name .
Paula Keve, a spokeswoman for The Journal, said that the company was conducting its own investigation and had found no evidence of impropriety.
New York City doesn’t fare much better in some other categories.
If the scholarship actually exceeds your financial need, you will still be able to get the Unsubsidized Stafford and Parent PLUS loans to pay for your remaining share of college costs.
Richard Wagner’s “The Flying Dutchman,” opera.
I think the level of art collecting and connoisseurship that has developed in the last 40 years has certainly influenced the level of collecting and connoisseurship within design in the last 15 years, so I’m not trying to build a steel curtain between the two.
“Walk Among Live Butterflies,” exhibition of flowers with live butterflies.
Since this isn’t happening, the structural unemployment rate must be close to the actual rate, and must have surged since the crisis began.
Kids Week at the Intrepid (Friday through Sunday) The U.S.S.
CAL 91, ARIZONA 86 Talia Caldwell had a career-high 20 points and 12 rebounds as No.
Jim Thomson is principal oceanographer at the Applied Physics Lab at the University of Washington.
In this country, the strain that Dr. Hilleman collected from his daughter that night in 1963 has reduced the incidence of mumps to fewer than 1,000 cases a year, from 186,000.
This is a papier-mâché sculpture of Belle Gunness a k a “Hell’s Belle.” A resident of La Porte, Ind., in the early 1900s, Belle had a habit of taking out life insurance policies on her husbands, who had a habit of ending up dead.
She then invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and declined to testify at a House hearing on the agency’s actions.
About 1,200 children and 40 professional players attended the event on Jan. 7, but Clarke wanted to establish something more enduring.
She solidified her world No.
Mr. Cardinal, who lives in Fort Lauderdale, separated from his husband several months ago.
In “Dekh,” a battle plays out over a poor man’s dead body.
At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., with an 11:30 set on Friday and Saturday, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-2232, jazzstandard.net; $25 to $30.
Also known by its original name, La Manantial, which is painted on the front, this is where you want to nestle in for the late-evening hours, drinking the signature ginger or tamarind margaritas, for 60 pesos each.
It’s easy enough to get caught up in this, but in a way it might make sense to stick to the facts.
There’s a guy in his face and he’s 2 feet behind the 3-point line?
In purely sporting terms, however, he is but a shadow of his old self, in which he shone as one of the three or four finest players cricket has produced in its long, languorous history.
Williams, who was treated for a back spasm during her loss to Stephens and sprained her ankle earlier in the tournament, released a picture via Twitter on Thursday of a very badly swollen right ankle.
proceeds for general corporate purposes and to increase its underwriting and investment capacity.
“So we should work together and join hands together to free them,” Mr. Chen added, arguing that human rights, not economic and trade issues, should be at the center of Mr. Obama’s agenda during his meeting.
There are other hurdles, too.
The accused students were not suspended or subject to any disciplinary action at all.
Less typical is Mr. Glusac’s Bosnian mother, Ilinka Volk, who lives nearby and has long acted as the fantasy super-grandma, obviating the need for day care, chauffeuring the kids to soccer games and serving up Old World comfort food like stuffed cabbage, goulash and a revelatory Bosnian custard called snow clouds.
She was like no one I had ever met.
Among other changes, Mr. Marimow was instructed to reduce the opinion section, based on research commissioned by Mr. Norcross.
The agreement, announced on Wednesday, involves 3.7 million mortgages that were sold from 2000 to 2012.
Titanium parts are devilishly difficult to make.
They include the attempted assassination of Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim in September and the killing last month of a senior security official who was responsible for investigating Muslim extremists.
A “Save Miami Beach” campaign resulted in a referendum to rein in uncontrolled development.
Adam Leitman Bailey, a Manhattan real estate lawyer, said that if the landlord does not accept rent after the termination of the lease, he can start an eviction action immediately in the New York City Civil Court.
In Silicon Valley , there is no currency like access.
John went on to become a Yankee mainstay and pitched until 1989.
Then he hit a weak forehand volley into the net to be broken again, giving Simon a 5-2 lead.
Other agencies, like the Defense Department, already base their decision on the location of a couple’s wedding, regardless of where the couple lives now.
The current Conservative government holds a large majority of seats in Parliament but was elected in 2011 with only 40 percent of the vote, because three other parties split the center and left vote.
Lucien’s mantra, “First thought best thought” (which is the opposite of the writerly wisdom evoked in the film’s title), is an argument against repression in all its forms, even though Lucien himself cannot quite live by it.
“Ever been to China before?” a character played by Bill Paxton asks.
I felt pressure to perform but that was more about being the first in my family to attend college.
“It’s not like he was doing something easy,” the musician Dweezil Zappa says, adding, “He had all these showman skills while he was actually doing something really complicated.” But his stature as a guitarist has never been in dispute.
Seward replaced the boorish and tactless American commissioner to Hawaii, Thomas Dyer, with the more capable James McBride, and promoted McBride to minister, making him the highest-ranking foreign official in the kingdom.
“I am also looking up ‘recommended.’ ” You don’t have to be from Stuttgart to feel befuddled by the Met’s entrance policy, with its signs telling you what to spend and then suggesting that you do not have to spend it.
“But the situation is that things aren’t always that polite or respectful and we don’t want that in our app, so we expel the ‘ugly customers.’ “It’s like at a party,” he said.
At his arraignment, a lawyer appointed to Mr. Chen, Danielle V. Eaddy, pointed to two marks on Mr. Chen’s forehead, calling them “good-size bruises that I believe happened while he was in custody.” She did not elaborate further, or discuss the killings, and declined to comment after the proceeding.
We thought this was so preposterous it was hilarious.
All attested to their support for building a modern, democratic Libya.
“On the one hand, the law doesn’t allow former farmers to expand housing for migrant workers; on the other hand, local governments don’t have the money to build affordable housing either,” said Li Ping, senior attorney for Landesa Rural Development Institute in Beijing.
( Edmunds ) • Politicians are typically curious about what their constituents think, but Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg of Norway took that curiosity to another level in an elaborate re-election campaign stunt.
But simply voting on the bills generates benefits for both House lawmakers and Wall Street lobbyists, critics say.
SUMMARY The Nuggets have never been known for team defense, and so the franchise has also never been known for winning basketball championships.
Second, the British bribery law applies not only to bribery of public officials, but commercial bribery as well.
Repeats of the program air throughout the weekend.
He graduated from Politecnico di Milano in Milan, from which he received a master’s in architecture.
Each camper receives a ranking, which Rubio posts on his Web site.
De Feydeau is a well-known expert in the field of perfume who has previously written a book on the Versailles court perfumer.
As the wait went on, Bryant noted to reporters that “I’m one of the fastest guys on the team, and I’m like 50.” With Nash finally back, the team did run off a five-game winning streak.
The Sanctuary sale is estimated at about $60 million, and it follows two other BMG acquisitions late last year: the Mute Records catalog (Depeche Mode, Moby), formerly a part of EMI, and a collection of publishing assets from EMI and Sony/ATV.
Good for Issa, and by the first law of Washington career gravity, good for Bardella.
By midday Monday, roughly three dozen members of a grass-roots disability rights group called Adapt, many of them in motorized wheelchairs, had gathered on the steps of the Longworth House Office Building to protest House Republicans’ repeated attempts to repeal and delay President Obama’s health care law.
And it comes replete with high-tech features like digital media walls and environmentally friendly elements.
Quarterback Matt Flynn was making his first start for the Packers since the last game of the 2011 season, when he threw for 480 yards and 6 touchdowns.
On the nights she was with her mother, I missed her desperately.
Lennie James (“The Walking Dead”) is Joe, a seasoned and able detective who seems to have several agendas that have little to do with crime-solving.
Panic over revenue has left the studios “frozen,” she wrote, and the consequences have to do with more than money: “The gut is frozen, the heart is frozen and even the bottom-line spreadsheet is frozen.” Did the box-office chill that settled in through July and August over some pricey flops bear out this pessimism?
Campaigners for a “yes” vote in the referendum say that the biggest threat to Scottish membership in the European Union would not be independence, but the policies of the British prime minister, David Cameron.
The elegance of a pointed foot crossed over the opposite knee is a keynote.
We should follow the example of a North Miami woman named Desiline Victor.
It is also important to include various one-legged standing poses — Tree Pose or Eagle Pose are examples — that challenge one’s ability to balance, even if you need the support of the wall, Ms. Owerko said.
The paper, by Yitang Zhang of the University of New Hampshire, does not prove that there are an infinite number of twin primes, but it does show an infinite number of prime pairs whose separation is less than a finite upper limit — 70 million, for now.
Still, that problem forced the crew to stop the machine.
“We need to assure the American people that we have effective control of the border and we have made advances to achieve that,” he said.
Josef Ackermann, former chief executive of Deutsche Bank and one of Europe’s best-known business leaders, abruptly resigned as chairman of the Zurich Insurance Group on Thursday after acknowledging that he might be accused of sharing blame for the apparent suicide of the company’s chief financial officer.
“Well, we should try more water.” Officials in Britain, too, are debating its central bank’s ability to do more.
Some 40,000 people in the community were exposed to toxic lead dust from informal battery recycling, resulting in the death of 18 children under the age of five.
Photos from Bangladesh, Syria, the West Bank and New York.
In a meeting in 2011, finance ministers from the Group of 20 countries committed to reducing remittance costs over all from around 10 percent to 5 percent per transaction by 2014.
What did your stars know about your work beforehand?
Since then, countless duck-themed products have shown up at shops and restaurants.
Investigators then identified a shop in Queens that was providing fraudulent inspection records.
BMW later this year plans to roll out a similar system in its i3 electric city car, and soon after in the 7 Series luxury sedan.
The federal government on Sunday morning barreled toward its first shutdown in 17 years after the Republican-run House, choosing a hard line, voted to attach a one-year delay of President Obama’s health care law and a repeal of a tax to pay for it to legislation to keep the government running.
1 subway a walk or short bus ride away — obviate any need for a car.
The restaurant’s good looks make a positive first impression.
We’re having our American moment.
Trying to settle the endless argument in South Africa about which city’s drivers are the worst, Africa Check discovered that the country’s traffic statistics were in a shambles, Mr. Rademeyer said.
Scully proudly points to a line he inserted in the 1992 federal budget identifying improved coordination as a way to save hundreds of millions of dollars in health care costs.
In Russia, the mining company Norilsk can now ship its nickel and copper across the Arctic Ocean without chartering icebreakers, saving millions of rubles for shareholders.
Based on Shakespeare’s “Measure for Measure” but transposed from Vienna to Palermo, it came off here as the opera most people would probably like to encounter again.
We constantly monitor our investment strategy, and make changes when necessary.” It is clear that public pensions, like many investors, are being hurt by the Federal Reserve’s zero-interest-rate policy.
Jackie Onassis invites her in.
Brazil has been steadily making its systems more hospitable to high-frequency firms.
To respond to the emergency, city officials temporarily froze the waiting list this year and set aside 470 apartments for evacuees who lost their homes.
Upon the case’s conclusion, Delaware law would require Mr. Dell to pay the shareholders bringing the litigation whatever value the court determined was fair .
But Shelton Laurel provides an especially compelling look at the internecine war between Confederate authorities and pro-Union sympathizers in the mountains of western North Carolina and eastern Tennessee.
Paul Krugman, the New York Times columnist, wrote last week in “ Hitting China’s Wall ” that “the Chinese model is about to hit its Great Wall, and the only question now is just how bad the crash will be.
Burgess, InT and Cape4 are members of the brokers’ group.
Faced with these and other setbacks, Lincoln grew more depressed, but his commitment to the proclamation did not waver.
I was a young homeowner.
I put the blush on myself, way too much, so we had to wipe half of it off.
Its approach is not industry-specific; its investments have included forest products, health care and food products.
(Anderson) Yacht (Friday) The world is a barren, malignant and highly danceable place in “Shangri-La” (DFA), the 2011 album from this disco-punk duo from Portland, Ore. Its long-form conceptual exploration of a postapocalyptic wasteland is stacked with hyperactive screams, galvanizing synth beats and graphic narratives that would make Cormac McCarthy flinch.
“Petitioning and reform-through-labor are filled with problems,” said Mr. Yuan.
But Mr. Siegel refused to sell the name rights to Stellican.
“He brings a smile to guys’ faces,” forward David Clarkson said, “and he looked good out there.” Kovalchuk, whose scoring prowess has been sorely missed during a seven-game losing streak, was as careful to avoid on-ice contact as he was to offer a timetable for his return.
Tsarnaev described his car as a green Honda Civic, which was the same car police initially said Tsarnaev may have been driving while at-large.
Le Drian said that Mr. Allex was in the location raided, and that 17 Shabab fighters had been killed in the operation.
Hours are daily, from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m., and until 3 p.m. on Thursday and next Friday.
The action took place backstage at the venue on Place Vauban, in four corners of a large X-shaped set whose walls were wallpapered, like Simons’s debut Dior presentation, with fresh flowers.
Sorry, but it’s a well-known rule of drama that if you put an all-powerful demonic presence on the stage it has to, well, go all demonic on us at some point.
Second Amendment advocates handed out fliers to reporters and gathered in small groups, talking anxiously of the state and federal gun-control legislations that many feared were soon coming.
I remember the day I knew that the white spaces on the map were the places for me.
Only a prism can divide the colors and make them appear; this prism could be the spirit of the listener.” Mr. Pärt’s music has figured prominently in the festival since its inception in 2010, and here Neeme Jarvi, the Estonian-born conductor, leads that nation’s flagship ensemble and the Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir in the New York premiere of Mr. Pärt’s “In Principio,” based on the Gospel of St. John.
So far, however, Hispanic turnout has increased incrementally .
Despite the continuing government investigation and the latest charges, Mr. Murdoch seems hopeful about the new company’s future.
Investors have to watch fund managers carefully to recognize when they might be straying from their stated strategy.
As soon as I could distinguish anything in the darkness, I could see dimly on one side a line of men mounting the ramparts and going down into the fort.
DealBook » Rice Energy Files for $800 Million I.P.O.
Tortillas here are not the cardboard-tasting ones often found elsewhere.
When Sean Hannity interviewed Carson about his speech he dispensed with the policy and simply dubbed the segment “Lecturing Obama.” Since the dawn of the Obama era, conservatives have been on the lookout for such a man.
We may not have success on every single player, but I hope we have a fair amount of success.” Weiner and David Prouty, the union’s general counsel, said it was important that all appeals be heard before the same arbitrator, Fredric Horowitz.
His successor, Mr. Lhota, shuffled the structure of the project’s team, transferring management responsibilities from the authority’s headquarters to its individual agencies, like New York City Transit and the commuter railroads.
After a federal judge ruled for the newspaper, the Bush administration appealed, eventually winning the case and obtaining the records — two years after the subpoena.
“Then I thought, if I am doing it, why shouldn’t they?” he said by telephone.
Other big banks have come under fire.
“The reality is that the financing model for public housing in America is broken,” Mr. Rhea said.
“It’s not about me.” Mr. Taupin said: “I’m very conscious they ultimately will be sung by him so the content cannot be overtly selfish on my part.
Mr. Morse, too, will face a recall vote in his Colorado Springs district, about 45 miles to the north.
If the problem is association with the Manson family, Mr. Beckman said, “they should pass a law saying if you were involved with these people you can’t get out.
Or they can remove the DVR from the cable box, potentially providing programming via the web on demand.
In addition, in 14 trials of iron against placebo, the use of iron was associated with a birth weight increase of one and a half ounces, on average.
China is the world’s second largest economy, but the enormous costs of its growth are becoming apparent.
When she recovered consciousness, she cheerfully reminded me of my failure to attain a partnership in a large law firm.
“You felt like you were at a movie premier, not an opening of a building.” But when the market began to stumble, so did Mr. Shvo.
She could not that far this Wimbledon.
For more than 30 years, his father, Morris, 88, has lived in Century Village in Deerfield Beach — first part time and now full time.
All of this, particularly consumers’ move away from pay TV, is reverberating in Bristol.
But I refuse to believe that our inability — or reluctance — to overcome corruption is only a function of history.
“Here we had these two iconic New York figures,” Tranghese said.
In a criminal complaint unsealed in Federal District Court for Massachusetts, Mr. Tsarnaev was charged with one count of “using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction” resulting in death and one count of “malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death,” according to a Justice Department statement.
This is a problem that anybody who does research on group differences runs into.” She will also remind you not to shoot the messenger.
“And that time has arrived.” Almonte also showed prowess in the outfield in the fourth inning.
Originally from Krosniewice in Poland, Mr. Rosenkranz spent time in six concentration camps — two each in Poland, Germany and Czechoslovakia.
When the news of his retirement hit the New York Stock Exchange, shares in Manchester United dipped by as much 4.5 percent.
“And that’s pretty much true of every government program that’s ever been set up.” Consumers will be able to use the same forms to apply for Medicaid and assistance with the cost of buying private insurance in the new marketplaces, known as exchanges.
Construction crews are stacking shipping containers, four stories tall, on top of the barges.
The security was less fearsome, but the meeting was held behind closed doors, and Parliament did not provide the usual transcript of such an official session.
Reservations required; the 10:30 a.m. show on Tuesday is sold out.
Jeff Brody, Redpoint’s founding partner, said that Latin America was providing a lot of opportunities for Chines firms as other markets mature.
In the great taxation debate of 2013, there is another issue that is bedeviling lawmakers at the state and federal level.
Mr. Bloomberg also weighed in on Monday, saying the candidates ran the risk of bringing chaos to the city’s school system.
Brewer has argued that expanding Medicaid would provide the state about $1.7 billion in federal financing, and that the state would be able to stop offering benefits to childless adults if federal reimbursement dropped below 80 percent.
She had advertised for subjects on Craigslist and Twitter and through fliers in hospitals.
“You can hear it in the way that he strings words along, all the internal rhymes.
Even though Ms. Sandberg’s prescriptions may appear irrelevant to middle-class mothers who cannot afford an army of nannies, her call to action drew attention to a puzzle that affects women outside the set of potential candidates to lead a Fortune 500 company: how did women get stuck?
Investigators in Japan said Friday that a possible explanation for the problems with the 787’s batteries was that they were overcharged — a hazard that has long been a concern for lithium-ion batteries.
The first “Anchorman,” released in the summer of 2004, marked a watershed in the emergence of what French critics (who take such things very seriously) have declared a new golden age of American comedy.
Despite what the ad states, it might be too late: TV by the Numbers, a Web site that algorithmically assesses the chances that shows will be canceled, wrote of “Happy Endings” last week, “Fans are kidding themselves if they think ABC will renew it.”
Angeles P. Barberena has always tried to follow the United States’ immigration laws.
“Y’all don’t know what I know,” said Garnett, who is averaging 15 points and 7.7 rebounds per game.
A friend had introduced her to a luthier there for the purposes of repairing a 1920s-era banjo ukulele that she played the previous night at a gig in the East Village.
Both Bayern and Barcelona have won this tournament four times in the past; the German club last took the trophy home in 2001, while Barcelona’s most recent triumph was in 2011.
Majestic Theater, 247 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
“If you don’t have any of them, you may be at a disadvantage,” said Jeffrey Sun, a lawyer at Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe who is based in Shanghai.
But it has moral authority and symbolic power.
This week’s $8.5 billion settlement over claims of foreclosures abuses is expected to show up in fourth-quarter results .
agent and former profiler for the bureau, said that if a suspect is not identified quickly, investigators might put the security video images of the suspect or suspects out to the public in the hope that someone would recognize them.
The state has the fifth-highest unemployment rate in the country, and many Republicans insulted workers by blaming their joblessness on generous benefits.
So far Pandora’s investors have not fled.
“I wanted it to be something which could be loud but with great effort was made silent.” This approach enhances the fragility — as well as the risk factor — of the live performance and helps elucidate the libretto’s mysteries.
J. Courtney Sullivan, who followed up the success of “Commencement” with a wrong turn into the summerhouse beach book genre (“Maine”), reverts to love and marriage with The Engagements .
For example, I was CHOWing down on some BAGELS and lox as I solved, and boom!
For here we are, more than five years into the worst economic slump since the Great Depression, and one of our two great political parties has seen its economic doctrine crash and burn twice: first in the run-up to crisis, then again in the aftermath.
Carmakers say India’s huge population, low penetration of car ownership and rising incomes mean sales can only go up in the long run, while the opportunity to export to Africa and the Middle East makes for a compelling investment case.
Their agenda: to shoot a cameo for the music video “Happy,” by Pharrell Williams.
Mr. Yanukovich’s failure to resolve Ms. Tymoshenko’s status is not the only sticking point between the European Union and Ukraine.
If you began investing in stocks only in late 2012, you’ve never experienced that kind of pain, but if you stay in the market long enough, you can certainly count on it.
Tears welled and threatened to spill down her cheeks.
Judge Swain set the next hearing for Sept. 24.
“I’m absolutely confident that she will be an exceptional chair of the Federal Reserve.” In a brief response, she said: “While I think we all agree, Mr. President, that more needs to be done to strengthen the recovery, particularly for those hardest hit by the Great Recession, we have made progress.
They are busboys, dishwashers, construction workers.
“This is probably the finest piece I’ve ever worked on.
By those standards, which is the best inaugural poem that has been delivered so far?
He shut his restaurant and applied for a security job in Afghanistan.
To the Editor: Re “ Our Coming Food Crisis ,” by Gary Paul Nabhan (Op-Ed, July 22): New York City’s neighborhood groups have been coming together for a few centuries now to carry out community improvement projects that address any kind of quality-of-life issue.
As with “Noni,” there is a leaping gallop on the front cover, in this case a horse caught in mid-air, with a young girl astride his back.
But the company’s chief executive, Rupert Murdoch, was still there, and he told reporters afterward that he was “very pleased.” The decision to stick together was made, he said, after getting Hulu’s operators — meaning Fox and Disney — on “the same page.” Seemingly casting some blame in Disney’s direction, Mr. Murdoch added, “I was always on that page.” The companies have clashed repeatedly over Hulu for years; meanwhile, the third owner, NBCUniversal, has been a silent partner since being acquired by Comcast in early 2011.
He liked matching wits with others and trading,” said Mr. Givens, who last saw his uncle at a family gathering a few weeks before the car crash.
They committed themselves to the idea that these self-restrictions should be reinforced by the state.
A Law Department spokeswoman also said that the city had not coordinated its legal strategy with Mr. de Blasio or his staff.
The water park is free to those staying at the resort, where rooms go for $99 to $249.
He was a good kid at 18 when he came up.
Frustrations boiled over last week when Mr. Ackman, a J.C. Penney director, went public with renewed calls for leadership change.
It’s difficult to imagine art-history students making breathless pilgrimages to Weehawken, as they do to the remote site on the Great Salt Lake of “Spiral Jetty.” But that’s the point.
Mr. Oles said her photos of prostitutes, titled “ Triptych of the Martyrs ,” has a powerful element of feminist criticism.
Judge Platkin seemed somewhat skeptical that Mr. Snyder had time enough to wage a battle against the ballot measure, returning several times to the issue of the statute of limitations.
Mr. McCracken’s first marriage, to Lynn White, ended in divorce.
Could these new crash pads provide classy, comfortable, affordable alternatives to hotels?
Sergeant Munley stood and exited the courtroom, limping as she walked.
His score, cleanly arranged for a traditional orchestra, is consistent and coherent in its post-Romantic brooding rather than fashionably eclectic.
The groups filed lawsuits against the agency for, among other things, imposing a rule that capped speculative commodities trading.
It is also in keeping with a recent decision by the F.D.A.
Ms. Banerjee, who grew up in a Hindu family in India, converted to Islam when she married her Afghan husband and was known as Sahib Kamala in Afghanistan.
“I can honestly say there hasn’t been a deadline,” Alderson said.
Home Properties, a REIT based in Rochester, may delay the start of a project in Tysons Corner, Va., planned for next year as part of a broader development moratorium it has instituted, according to comments made by its executives during their quarterly earnings call this summer.
When I asked Mr. Houser if he had thought about the portrayal of women in Rockstar’s games, he said, “Seemingly not as much as I should have.” He added: “These three guys fit with the story we wanted to tell.
A possible remedy, he suggested, might be found in the rebranding of so-called activist investors, who were known as corporate raiders in the 1980s.
“That’s not possible,” I responded, knowing that the best companies in the world, like Toyota, generally run at no better than 80 percent efficiency.
To others, Mr. Zawahri is wisely making plans for the future of a group he hopes can thrive long after his death, whether that is by natural causes or otherwise.
Going up to the second floor, you might start to get a feeling that the rooms were empty or that you weren’t going to have any problems up there, but that was a dangerous feeling.
In north Dayton — until recently a post-apocalyptic landscape of vacant, gutted houses — 400 Turkish families have moved in, many coming from other American cities.
“They haven’t come to me,” Stanton said, “so I don’t have to make a decision.” All he can do is play, and try to improve.
“He had risen to the top of the U.S. deck,” said Seth G. Jones, a senior political scientist at the RAND Corporation and former adviser to the military’s Special Operations Command.
“We have our work cut out,” Kane said.
“If I could have just gone straight home from right field I would have,” he said through his interpreter.
“I don’t think there was going to be an end.
I did read Oracle’s proxy and I was also struck by the company’s assertion that the bulk of its incentive compensation goes to its top executives.
How did you go about interpreting Dom Pérignon as a physical object?
Previous appeals have been rejected.
In his last stand-up special, “For What It’s Worth,” from 2004 on Showtime, he describes going to a high school to tell students that the only way to get out of the ghetto is to focus and stop blaming white people.
The question tomorrow will be — as Jean Valjean sings in “Les Misérables” — “Who am I?” But my emotions have a mind of their own.
A police officer was shot and wounded Thursday night while patrolling the Cypress Hills Houses, a project in East New York, Brooklyn, the police said.
They lead the Football Bowl Subdivision in total offense, averaging 384.4 yards per game passing and 300.3 yards per game on the ground.
One of their recent works unfolded at Bethnal Green in London, where as part of an exhibition with the Whitechapel gallery, they used 20 volunteers to supply vocals in an agitprop performance.
“Specifically, what happens to a once-great place after it has been used up and discarded?” This sharply observed book doesn’t shy away from the violence, economic devastation and political corruption, but it also considers the various experiments by artists and entrepreneurs who envision a greener, less segregated, economically diverse Detroit.
(Cotter) National Gallery of Art: ‘Roy Lichtenstein: A Retrospective’ (closes on Sunday) The first major survey of this Pop artist’s career work since his death, at 73, in 1997, is a big show and has some slow spots, but on the whole it moves right along.
“I am — thankfully, knock on wood — not only healthy but have incredible stamina and energy,” she said in an ABC interview at the end of last year.
Summer is a cooking season in which there is no set menu save what looks good at the store.
Mark Harris @MarkHarrisNYC Also, as much as I loathe Weiner, what Lawrence O’Donnell did here is journalistically indefensible.
Over the last five years, 29 states have managed to cut their imprisonment rates, 10 of them by double-digit percentages.
For the jurors weighing Ms. Arias’ fate, the sentencing is the first step of the trial’s final chapter.
Indoor rowers also appear on “The Biggest Loser,” though the competitors’ form makes some crew coaches cringe.
The governor and Mr. Orr have said they are not concerned about the effect of the bankruptcy plan on the municipal bond market as a whole.
Some Democratic lawmakers and human rights advocates are frustrated that the White House has remained largely absent from the debate, though a May 10 photograph on the White House Flickr feed shows Mr. Brennan speaking with President Obama while holding a copy of the C.I.A.
Properly sung, khoomei sounds as though the singer has ingested a set of bagpipes, with a low drone and a high melody issuing simultaneously from the same mouth.
“Last year, I didn’t bring an idol, and I had a good job.
This creates incentives for rebellion against the government.
Or chapulines (grasshoppers), brought to him by a customer from Oaxaca.
“The cabinet announces taking the side of the people.” The cabinet spokesman had resigned, and it was unclear who had taken over the Twitter account.
By transforming an epochal story into a flesh and blood reality, “The Birmingham Project” invites us to reflect on the consequences of a historic crime, and, through images of contemporary Americans who are no different from us, to examine our personal relationship to it.
The question is where and when shame ought to be applied.
Purple bruises circled his eyes and streaked along his cheekbones.
To watch the Cavaliers’ brain trust explain Scott’s firing is to be entertained by sock puppets.
But Bhupathi said he did not consider this exhibition tennis.
The fitful recovery that began in 2009 is also different from the trend that prevailed after the deep recession of the early 1980s, said Laurence M. Ball, a professor of economics at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
He has previously worked with the Asian Development Bank and is an alumnus of Teach For India.
He had been treated for pancreatitis.
Most are made outdoors, where Mr. Myers fires at targets like hay bales or photographs of Justin Bieber, while explaining the merits of various weapons.
It is an invitation-only club.
But the agreement announced Thursday, which still requires court approval, made it clear that Ocwen has had many of the same problems as those banks.
Inside the administration it has touched off behind-the-scenes recriminations between the White House and the intelligence agencies over how much detail was given to White House officials about which world leaders are being monitored.
In that sense, she is among a young generation of Russian heiresses and czarinas who are seducing the art world with their lavish spending habits, including Dasha Zhukova, 32, and Ekaterina Rybolovleva, 24, who recently bought an island in Greece and whose father, Dmitry Rybolovlev , an avid collector, is among the richest men in the world.
That the gaffe — seen as a deliberate insult by many Chinese and South Koreans but almost certainly an accident — would trigger such furious condemnation speaks volumes about the explosive role history continues to play in Asia today, and helps explain why the region seems on the brink of not one but several conflicts.
The ethanol bust provides a glimpse into the future for communities that have opened their doors to shale gas extraction or those that seek to do so.
Louisville finished with a season-high 20 steals as it forced the Aggies (20-17) into 27 turnovers.
As part of the action against Mr. Falcone, employees at his hedge fund, Harbinger Capital, were also prohibited from controlling an insurance company licensed in New York.
And there is the tent city.
“I didn’t really have any idea who’s going No.
And before 350,000 spread out over a hillside at the Jasna Gora shrine to the Virgin Mary, he assured them that the voice of the church was on their side.
Loretta Wright was charged with complicity to murder.
agreed to re-examine the new rules within three years, ensuring “that the data isn’t collected only to itself collect digital dust on a commission hard drive.” In a separate action, the F.C.C.
Streets are tree-lined, and many houses have wraparound porches adorned with flowers.
“Would not be in this if I did not see a pathway to victory.
At full volume it won’t frazzle your nerves.
(On the opposite side of the main building is a guest wing that connects to the house via an underground passageway through a basement garage.)
“This morning, on the F.D.R.
International lenders and bureaucrats once regarded Portugal as an example of the approach’s success.
Or what about this: “I’m looking for a digital agency in Brooklyn,” Tom said with a huge sigh.
We see this comprehensive surveillance as the beginning of a meltdown of civil rights and liberties and the rule of law.
“That’s pretty staggering,” he said.
In 2006, at the market peak, he acquired Lord & Taylor for $1.2 billion.
Organized by Barbara Haskell, a Whitney curator, the beautifully installed show presents several versions, including one of the original 1966 love paintings and a recent re-creation of a six-foot, three-dimensional example from 1966, studded by electric bulbs that light up in diverse patterns.
“Nobody wants to say that.
Building instruments like oscilloscopes is all about precision and quality.
He grunted and groaned, as Djokovic quietly worked.
Except for the first one, I don’t even especially like the “Die Hard” movies.
“We signed a contract for 12 years committing our resources and team inventory.
(It looks a bit better if you adjust for an aging population, but not much).
I’m proud that Lincoln’s fidelity to and illumination of history has been commended by many Lincoln scholars.
“There are a lot of beautiful properties that offer a level of privacy and intimacy you just don’t get in a big building.”
Berkshire said higher natural gas prices and low utility stockpiles increased demand for coal.
The Gallery at Still River Editions, 128 East Liberty Street.
This app is fairly simple, but it may frustrate you if you fixate on a particular design and want to know more about it.
For they were artists as well as keen natural historians, with an eye for the forms that would enchant in glass and that were too rare or fragile to be seen readily.
That flagrant foul was viewed as payback for Hansbrough’s hard foul on Dwyane Wade earlier in the game.
Actors Temple Theater, 339 West 47th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
On one wall he displayed a set of drumsticks he said were the last ones used by Tito Puente.
At Annisa, she and her team approach the dumpling broth with that same emphasis on super-concentrated flavor.
The animals’ uniformly almond-shaped eyes and Matthew Porter’s milky, opaque colors give the simple pictures an Indian inflection.
In May, she received a law degree from Columbia.
As I became more successful, I started serving on company boards and saw how few other females there were around the table.
While this is a tremendous victory for gay rights, it is all the more curious that the same court did not apply 21st-century logic to the rights of African-Americans, Latinos and other minorities with respect to their right to vote.
Mr. Litvinenko died in November 2006 at the age of 43, a few weeks after he secured British citizenship.
A new study by two economists concludes that rising levels of homeownership in a state “are a precursor to eventual sharp rises in unemployment in that state.” As more homes are owned, in other words, fewer people have jobs.
That said, the setting of my fiction isn’t a primary consideration for me.
The film starts out as the modest tale of a small-time carnival performer — a motorcycle stunt rider — who turns to crime for misguided but nonetheless semi-admirable reasons, and in the early scenes you might mistake it for an earnest, locavore indie melodrama.
The Democrats have work to do before the September primary to persuasively show how — and with what money — they would make the city’s schools better.
Albanese Lhota Liu Salgado Thompson Some of Ms. Quinn’s events may not be shown because the campaign declines to release her advance schedule for publication.
April 13 through May 23.
Holtzman, a sportswriter in Chicago, was trying to prove the flaws inherent in another statistic: wins.
The Haqqani network began as a mujahedeen group fighting the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s.
And in what ways is there still a Royal Ballet style?
The farm’s name would appear throughout his work.
‘The Rammellzee Galaxseum’ (Friday through Monday, and Wednesday and Thursday) And just what is a Galaxseum?
“I knew I wasn’t the most talented guy, I wasn’t the toughest guy, but I could do a little of each.
“It’s one of the biggest battlefields of Europe, and I always say that soldiers also fall in love.” “Flanders is a place with all those influences — Spanish, Austrian, Dutch,” he continued.
Eduardo del Buey, the United Nations deputy spokesperson, said in a briefing Thursday that the secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, “is going to limit himself to hoping and calling on both parties to resolve their issues peacefully according to international law.” Both countries have much to lose if their relationship deteriorates significantly.
Beyoncé, 31, started her Mrs. Carter Show World Tour last month in Belgrade, Serbia, and it will finish on Aug. 5 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
BREVARD MUSIC CENTER June 21-Aug. 4.
He was, after all, a trained officer and had a gun.
“Our coverage — human intelligence, signals intelligence and other sorts — was second to none,” said Efraim Halevy, a former chief of Mossad, Israel’s national intelligence agency.
This so-called asset quality review has provoked behind-the-scenes scrambling at commercial banks around Europe, which until recently often benefited from less rigorous oversight by national regulators.
Here’s proof of her income as a schoolteacher.
They can buy nontoxic cleaners and water-based paint, and get rid of all the toxic hazardous materials like turpentine under their sinks.
For me, though, the ineradicable moment of the night was watching Ms. Lawrence laugh and chatter and eat behind her veil, as though nothing could possibly get in the way of her pleasure.
On Monday, it will begin counting the more than 16,000 valid absentee ballots that have been received (they will continue to be accepted until Tuesday as long as they are postmarked by Primary Day eve).
And infectious diseases experts say they believe hospitals already have an incentive to conserve such drugs.
He asked his secretary to type out a “to whom it may concern” letter stating that one Lee Harvey Oswald was qualified to work as a translator, but he also told him that he knew of no jobs in the area that required knowledge of Russian.
My eldest brother, for reasons now I can never know, did not speak to me for the last 10 years of his life.
Just as important, many Union leaders argued that pay equity would inflame the prejudices of white troops.
Please use only your first name .
“But seven or eight years ago it was possible to get 8 to 9 percent gross rental yields and property prices were also going up 5 to 10 percent per year, which makes a great investment.
“It was the ones who were messy at home who, when we put them in the highchair in the lab, showed the best learning,” said Larissa Samuelson , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Iowa, who supervised the research.
She carried a sign that read “Justice for Trayvon” as she marched up Crenshaw Boulevard here on Sunday night.
After five years focused on shrinking the bank and shoring up the retail business following a government bailout in 2008, the bank is moving into a new phase, with Mr. McEwan responsible for creating a strategy that will allow the government to sell its 81 percent stake.
“That’s not the intent of the current requirement,” Ms. Mahoney said.
In its account of the APEC summit, the China Daily, an English language newspaper in China, slammed the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Today, Mr. Comey, a Republican, is perhaps best known for his tenure as the United States deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush who vigorously countered efforts by White House aides to reauthorize a program of surveillance without warrants.
And the mezzo-soprano Olga Borodina gave a melting, genuinely seductive performance of “Mon coeur s’ouvre à ta voix” from Saint-Saëns’s “Samson et Dalila.” At the end the entire company joined onstage in the soaring finale of Tchaikovsky’s “Iolanta,” which Ms. Netrebko is to perform Friday afternoon.
The cryptic phrase “while visiting friends” turned up in his Chicago Daily News obituary.
Mondays through Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Stratford Library, 2203 Main Street.
“It would include the space people who put on that complicated white suit.” Anthony A. Yang, a lawyer for the federal government, which supported the company, offered a middle ground.
DealBook » | Contact: @m_delamerced / @markscott82 | E-mail Sign up for the DealBook Newsletter , delivered every morning and afternoon.
But this is a game full of challenges the brothers can solve only together.
“Assuming that there was a large-scale chemical attack, it indicates that the regime has not been deterred by the statements coming out of Washington,” said Jeffrey White, a former Middle East analyst with the Defense Intelligence Agency who is now a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
Sandwiched Generation : More middle-aged adults are caring for both children and aging parents, reports USA Today .
The report said that the associates provided documents to Yahoo Sports in February implicating Ryan Braun of the Milwaukee Brewers as well as Francisco Cervelli, one of Rodriguez’s teammates on the Yankees.
For some conditions, including asthma, there are few generics available.
Cabot Oil and Gas and Range Resources reported revenue and earnings that trumped estimates, sending their stocks up 7 percent.
If possible, forgive some graininess in the weightless gnudi and enjoy the dish’s lovely collaboration of spinach, portobello chunks and herbed cream sauce.
In addition to the Karma, his design credits include the BMW Z8 and the Aston Martin DB9 and V8 Vantage models.
The zone separating the European Union from the Russian-backed Customs Union, a mini-rival trade bloc, has become a hazard for businesses, as the case of Roshen indicates.
You could allow a viewer to watch it as it was unfolding, without having to resort to what so many documentaries do, which is reminiscence and talking heads.
Up next was meeting the rest of his staff, roughly half a dozen aides who had worked for Mr. Alexander and whom Mr. McAllister had decided to keep on: “Well, can we get to work yet?” he asked, walking into his sparse office and opening the curtain to check out the view.
That means it lends itself into being formed into people’s concepts.
June 1 at 7 p.m. Jeremy Baum, jazz.
The second is a crisis.” This Week’s Question : Where do you get your leads?
And organizers for an opposition movement called La Manif Pour Tous , or Protest for All, said they intended to continue to demonstrate.
The opinions stated here are her own.
The men, who were said to be brothers and demanding about $13,000, attacked Mr. Bay; the older brother also was said to have attacked three police officers who tried to intervene.
After about two initial decades of slow growth, the U.H.
At Mr. Bertoldi’s request, the lawyer said, Mr. Pont approached a few of his friends to see if they were interested in buying four diamonds.
The format also remains the same.
Ms. Braffet has empathy for her working-class characters and brings neglected places to convincing life.
When I entered the classroom for the first time, I was baffled by glaring contradictions.
What legal standard will the Supreme Court use?
Blindly trusting mechanical devices to take the place of a proper safety mindset is a hallmark of ignorance.
Tiger Woods walked off the 14th green with a par, his frustration even deeper.
There is no overall governing body in vintage baseball, according to Bradley Shaw, the founder and president of the 12-year-old Flemington Neshanock.
She is a psychiatrist in Philadelphia, where she is also the staff psychiatrist at the college counseling center at Drexel University.
It is selling over $900 million of shares at $9.65 each, after spending a similar sum to buy them back two years ago while paying nearly $37 apiece.
THE ARTS A music review on Tuesday about a Beethoven Institute concert at Mannes College the New School for Music, in Manhattan, misidentified the key of Beethoven’s Piano Sonata Op.
Brett Wallace homered twice for the Astros.
THE ROOM A reminder that not all quarters of a castle are built for kings, my room, No.
Do not use it as a singular noun: The cuts produced a savings of $50,000 .
Both home runs came off Dan Haren, who is 0-8 in 11 starts since May 9.
“We don’t want to compromise the quality of life for our neighborhood,” he said.
Many couples planning destination weddings tell their friends and relatives that “your presence is your present.” There’s much to be said in favor of this approach.
Sherm laughed and pointed at a darker spot on the screen.
The play’s sexual triangle is embodied, with star power (and decibel counts) to spare, by Daniel Craig, Rachel Weisz and Rafe Spall (1:30).
It wasn’t the chief executive of the nation.
(Neil LaBute’s works, smartly plotted, come to mind, as does David Mamet’s “Edmond” and Chuck Palahniuk’s “Fight Club.”) The script, which has been developed since at least 2007, should be far sharper by now.
“I remember the day I told my mom I was going to work there instead of going to university, and she was very supportive of it,” he said.
Dr. Cornelia Little Griggs, the daughter of Jill Abramson and Henry Little Griggs III of New York, was married Saturday evening to Dr. Robert Neil Goldstone, a son of Marjorie Brooks and Dr. Stephen Goldstone, both of New York.
“What’s really happening is, again and again we are looking at marketers who are just buying famous people,” he said, adding, “I don’t think Lil Wayne did anything that’s not Lil Wayne.”
He asked, and I answered.
The wristwatch of the future.
Rates are even higher for the subset certified to treat the maximum patient load, The Times found in analyzing records from a sampling of states.
I’ve always been drawn to New York and have spent my entire career here.
It is too bad that OfficeMax and Office Depot couldn’t have waited a few more days to get the disclosure for the deal and the deal itself in order.
Ms. Tanner agreed that clues that detectives had allowed to go cold were frustrating and that their rush to judgment had contributed to Mr. Morton’s wrongful conviction.
The play, starring a fiery Laurie Metcalf and Jeff Goldblum, percolates with Mr. Norris’s distinctive language of frustration; it also often scores too easily off big targets (1:40).
Most likely there will be a contraction.” During the militants’ attack on In Amenas, and the Algerian military’s action to retake the facility, 40 workers and 29 insurgents were killed.
Eric H. Holder Jr., the attorney general, did not help when he said last spring that the Justice Department had to keep in mind that filing criminal charges against a large bank could “have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy.” He quickly backtracked, but the perception was reinforced.
The jobless rate was unchanged, at 7.6 percent.
In 2011, total rental income , net of depreciation, was $409 billion, of which $126 billion was received in monetary form.
The defense team, which also included Robert M. Baum, Edward S. Zas and John J. Hughes III, said it would ask the judge, Paul G. Gardephe, to throw out the verdict, and beyond that, pursue all appeal options.
Even Serena Williams was not safe.
I agree with Professor Folbre that the best quantitative estimate of marginal tax rates would account for the future consequences of working in the present, but writing in 2013 I am not willing to follow Professors Feldstein and Samwick and assume that Social Security rules will remain unchanged for the remaining lifetimes of today’s workers.
This emphatic, principled stand by James on Saturday was a rare exception to the rule, and it mattered greatly.
Texas has appealed, and a federal appeals court will hear oral arguments in the case in August.
They have to have the right yardages, or they’re not comfortable.
Denis Potvin last achieved the feat, on May 3, 1983, against Boston, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Wednesdays through Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
I have to put all my energy into winning.” He added that he would “sacrifice whatever I have to do and humble myself.” Acquiring Howard barely seemed a risk to the Lakers, predators, not prey, for decades as the N.B.A.’s destination of choice.
A co-founder of Apollo, the private equity firm based in New York, Mr. Harris believed that the chemical industry was ignored and grossly undervalued.
The village, part of which is on the National Register of Historic Places, is known for its 18th- and 19th-century architecture.
John Rogers, an Obama family friend and University of Chicago trustee, argued that a South Side library for the first black president would create a “perfect symmetry” with Lincoln’s library and museum in Springfield.
He left the stage; when he returned, he told the audience, “The destruction of music because of YouTube is enormous,” claiming that he had been refused recording contracts because his music was already online.
Smith knew his elbow did not hit Stephenson in the face, as Fitzgerald had thought.
Sam Yates directs this timely import from the Finborough Theater in London (2:15).
The Cardinals have baseball’s best record, while the Mets are ahead of only two teams, the Houston Astros and the Miami Marlins.
In our “utilitarian” world, he claims, we find it difficult to abandon “instrumental thinking,” and argues, drawing on Aristotle, Plato and Moritz Schlick , that humans should always aim to engage in activities and with individuals for their intrinsic value.
The kitchen has been updated with stainless-steel Miele and Electrolux appliances.
One persistent idea among microcar builders was the conviction that cars could be built more cheaply by designing front and rear panels to be identical and easier to stamp out.
At first “we figured we’d start with the middle of the 20th century, because historians can’t seem to find anything earlier than Dior,” Ms. Steele said.
“We call it glamo-flage,” he said.
Students: Tell us … Students 13 and older are invited to comment below.
Pork shoulder is as juicy and red as steak, and the steak is something else again.
They were practical effects, or the actors were members of the body-modification community.
What qualities are you looking for?
He saw pieces as studies that helped him find his style.
This murder set Europe on fire because Austria accused Serbia of complicity and made intolerable demands on Belgrade.
Skeptics sometimes reveal hidden and unfounded wells of elitism.
Over the past few months, the agencies overcame internal squabbling to draft identical versions of the rule, according to the people briefed on the matter, who were not authorized to speak publicly, and have scheduled votes for Tuesday.
return checks I’d sent and claim that my payments were overdue?
Sorry about that, but the play, which opened on Monday at the Atlantic Theater Company in a production directed by David Cromer , rests entirely on the leading characters’ improbable quest for this substance.
They cling dramatically to every toy I spy, reincarnating each one in new methods of play and forcing me to grant a temporary reprieve.
Customers do it — in fact, devoted customers.
Apart from the lawyer’s fee, which typically runs about £1,200, or almost $2,000, the stamp duty runs from 1 percent, on cheaper properties, up to 7 percent on homes of more than £2 million.
When the reserves were announced last week, the Nets were left as the best team in the league without a single All-Star.
A unit of the private equity investor Apollo Global Management also purchased the EVO Banco branch system of Spanish bank NCG Banco for 60 million euros, or $82 million, in September.
Japan, Brazil, Britain and France made up most of the data requests from outside the United States.
When I go to Kashmir, there is an acute sense of loss — traveling through the same roads, meeting people and a strong sense of realization that you don’t belong here any longer.
The troupe ended up paying $2,400, raised from its members and donations, to cover the expenses.
They develop family plans, hang on the words of meteorologists, and, in places like Moore, become accustomed to the Saturday noontime testing of emergency sirens.
In the air, the plane might have to be diverted or the passenger restrained.
College-educated African-Americans are twice as likely to have student loan debt, compared with all college-educated Americans, the survey found.
In a coffee shop now, but as you can imagine some things I was supposed to have done have been pushed back, and blogging will have to wait.
There I was, on the day my six months of maternity leave had ended, pushing my son’s stroller with one hand, clutching a jumbo box of 174 diapers with the other, doing my best to navigate through piles of slushy snow.
If declarer had ruffed low, he would have escaped for down two.
But if he purchases a ticket for a regularly scheduled flight on Aeroflot, the Russian carrier, which Mr. Putin has said Mr. Snowden is free to do at any time, would the United States go so far as to force down a commercial jetliner once it crosses into American airspace, which is part of its normal flight path?
They do likewise with the few passenger ships that call at Pitcairn each year.
Victoria Theater, New Jersey Performing Arts Center, 1 Center Street.
It’s not often that you go to the theater these days and find yourself excitedly questioning and rethinking your reactions.
“There is no explaining,” he once said, “how the best writers would come from the region that has the most illiterates.” Mr. Egerton, who was one of those writers, died on Thursday after apparently having a heart attack at his home in Nashville, his son Brooks said.
The clothes that followed were nice enough, but you would be hard pressed to say they were worth the interminable wait.
Many have tried it — but many have also failed.
Griner Says She Is Part of Mission to Help All Live in Truth “I never felt the need to publicly announce I was “out,” writes the W.N.B.A.
We at Pew have a direct and accurate source of information about our donors: their nephews, nieces and grandchildren, seven of whom provide us with guidance as members of our board.
Froome said it was the first time he had needed to do that.
A man was walking along the side of the road in southwest Houston Friday morning when he was gunned down.
Rocky was one of only a handful of captive dolphins remaining in Britain at that time.
in deceased players, and doctors at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York, which is working with researchers at the University of Washington who have been examining the brain tissue of thousands of people.
Like common colds, and those intensely annoying people who get in line to board planes before it’s their turn, we’re just going to have to live with them.
“I was never anxious about Cliff House being perfect,” he says.
Most of what experts know about the effects of bullying comes from observational studies, not studies of children followed over time.
Unlike existentialists whose worldview, he felt, inclined toward a dour nihilism, he purveyed what he called optimistic existentialism.
It is not clear when the officer learned of her indictment, and even initial reports on her lecture in the Brazilian press failed to make the connection between her turn on stage in New York and the new charges against her and 14 fellow officers for failing to stop the torture.
It all goes down smoothly but too easily.
“It would generate an estimated $50 million a year,” said Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat who is pushing the idea in the House.
Police aren’t sure whether it was a result of the same shooting or a separate attack.
And the most talented among them can improvise dialogue while grating creamy ricotta salata over a Caesar salad that is just as sharp with anchovies as you could wish.
It’s interesting that despite the Paris Opera Ballet’s openness to contemporary work over the last decade, few choreographers of promise have emerged from its ranks.
“Nowadays,” he wrote, “everyone must love (or at least pretend to love) pleasures that were supposedly once disdained or taken for granted: dive bars, street food, trashy films.
Respect your relationship with your roommate and her feelings.
The most famous design for what could generously be called an early hang glider remains Leonardo da Vinci’s of a contraption seemingly pulled from a children’s book.
16 Kansas State (15-2, 4-0 Big 12) beat visiting Oklahoma (12-4, 3-1), 69-60.
“Apple takes customer privacy very seriously, and two-step verification is an even more robust process to ensure our users’ data remains protected,” said Natalie Kerris, an Apple spokeswoman.
He would spend his time there writing in a big easy chair or while lying on his bed.
March 11 at 8 p.m. $5.
One was that the mice, to the researchers’ surprise, had extra sweat glands.
“Can you give mommy a thumbs-up?” Up inched two floppy thumbs.
It’s got a lot to say about class — the narrator’s family has “barely made the broad-jump from clay tobacco fields to red clay courts” — and just as much about the ways communities emotionally expand and contract.
Because housing is so uniform, pricing is fairly predictable.
I wanted to find out.
As a layup by Nets center Brook Lopez dropped through the basket during a recent game, the Charlotte Bobcats inbounded the ball and Haywoode Workman tore down the court, just as he had done for eight years as a guard in the N.B.A.
He is Curt Schilling, who had about eight extraordinary seasons and a handful of others just a notch below.
HER COMPUTER Just a laptop.
Arp’s halftime talk was a flurry of signing and animated body language: “Use the body.
Her pristine passagework made the playful rondo a joy.
It seemed right.” As a history buff, period films are her passion.
Earlier this week, the budget office sharply cut its estimate of the current fiscal-year deficit by more than $200 billion, on higher-than-anticipated tax receipts and big payments to the Treasury from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage financiers.
The four men, now all in their 60s, pursued various lives.
According to Mr. Dokimakis, on less touristy islands like Naxos, it is possible to buy a property for $60,000, which “gets you nothing on Mykonos.” New property taxes imposed over the past few years, coupled with 30 percent unemployment and pension cuts, have forced some homeowners to put their properties on the market in “fire-sales,” said Arsinoi Lainioti, a lawyer who practices in Athens and in Boston, Mass.
Questions | For reading comprehension and discussion: Activity | H.I.V.
ShareASale is smaller, but is considered stricter when it comes to policing members, according to several program managers interviewed.
The panel’s pointed recommendation was that “there must be consequences” for diocesan leaders who shielded offending priests from criminal prosecution and authorized hush money to victims.
And then technical difficulties added to that nuttiness.
Another five guys take the tube and start something there.” The Boston Police Department saw that, thought, “Hmm, this is something we should pay attention to.” Police Commissioner Ed Davis reached out to me and said, “Hey, we’re interested in what you guys are doing, we’d like to know a little bit more.” He came over to our office, sat down with us, and saw that there was kind of a shared vision of how we could use emerging technology to at least give them a little bit of an early warning system.
34th Street It is see and be seen for mass-market chains here, thanks to the tourist traffic that Macy’s, Penn Station, Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building attract.
“I remain in a state of surprise, and this leads to heightened interest and hence perception,” Mr. Richie wrote in his diary in 1947, describing the thrill of living abroad.
He even introduces him to new people as Hank.
These stories also remind us that there is no science to evaluating literary work.
Their opening bid — bacon slices twisted and cooked into crisp spirals, so they can be used as savory swizzle sticks for bloody marys.
They ranged in age from 53 to 75, and there were no significant differences in the severity of symptoms between the two groups.
Ridgefield Theater Barn, 37 Halpin Lane.
I seldom use $100 bills for anything except Christmas gifts to nieces and nephews, nor do I ever see people use them in stores.
But the administration is running headlong into Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel and pro-Israel lobbyists pressing their case that the deal taking shape would be a major blunder.
The Metro-North Railroad will operate on a weekend schedule with extra trains on Thursday and will return to a normal schedule on Friday.
Running out of alternatives, we began to discuss the possibility of bringing Jacob into our bed, but we hesitated because we had heard how difficult it might be to get him out.
And my children love felt, too.”
A number of Western companies have experienced delays in their oil and natural gas projects in an unsettled Egypt, whose government still owes many of these energy developers billions of dollars in back payments.
Of those, only 190 have submitted compensation forms, and many lack documentation, Ms. Birnbaum said.
Petraeus brought a revised strategy known as counterinsurgency, or COIN, that he himself had played a key role in formulating (or at least rediscovering).
“I try not to compare coaches,” Sanchez said, “but I just feel good.” And better, perhaps, than he did before Wednesday.
“Das Barbecü,” a musical comedy that re-imagines Wagner’s “Ring” cycle as a Texas square-dancing hootenanny, premiered in 1991 at the same time the Seattle Opera staged its first “Ring” cycle.
New rule at Time Warner Cable: “We no longer accept ads showing semi-automatic weapons and guns pointed at people.” //t.co/VPhD0e8r — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) 18 Jan 13 Time Warner Cable has initiated a company-wide ban on certain gun ads, according to a statement the company released on Friday.
The approach assumes a play that can withstand such scrutiny.
Mario Buatta, whose first book, out now from Rizzoli, was bound to look like an 18th-century Venetian scrapbook, with a spatterware print binding and blue-and-gold spine, has embraced this notion.
Tom Pedulla of The Times: General Manager Jerry Reese was effusive in praising Bradshaw for his attacking style.
Gentle humor and a quiet camaraderie were also present, appealingly, in “Madame Plaza,” tied to an earthy sensuality with feminist overtones.
In something of an official rollout, the Quinn campaign approached several outlets late last week to offer brief interviews with Ms. Catullo over the weekend.
“They will have access, provided they come through the wholly owned subsidiary route and abide by the guidelines,” he said.
[ Plant Talk ] This week, we’re testing New York Today, which we put together just before dawn and update until noon.
“It is a quarter,” the bank’s chief financial officer reiterated several times, sounding frustrated while discussing poor performance.
Lisa Murkowski is the first Senate Republican to support a law requiring fuller disclosure of campaign contributions.
“The marketing strategy and the choice of talent for this is brilliant, as is merging it into his social media network,” Ms. Jenney Laffey said.
July 20 at 8 p.m. $10 to $55.
truly believes they can wait it out and hope they can weather the storm this year, there could be catastrophic consequences for both sides, and that is what I truly hope doesn’t happen,” he said.
Shock attenuation, for example, diminished starting around 2000, when there was talk of shoes providing too much cushioning.
Judge Sterling Johnson Jr., to whom Mr. Thompson often turned for advice, recalled the time Mr. Thompson walked into his courtroom after a lunch break, biting blithely into a large doughnut.
England, which entered the series as the reigning holder of the Ashes, retained it when it drew the third test at Old Trafford in Manchester last week.
Video preserved on YouTube, of a fond meeting between Mr. Mandela and Fidel Castro, is perhaps the kind of association Mr. O’Reilly finds it hard to forget.
Passing a sign that said “Litter Removal: Next 1 Mile,” they knew not to count it.
It is held two days a week and is open to low-income women of all ages as well as Care Center regulars like Ms. Rivera.
Utilities companies fell the most of the 10 industry sectors that make up the S.&P.
Soth’s first cover story appeared in 2004 (above left), the same year he published his first book, “ Sleeping by the Mississippi ,” a series of color portraits and landscapes taken during road trips along the river.
Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Franck Ribéry are the finalists to be named UEFA’s Best Player in Europe for last season.
The amount of refinancing has dropped off as interest rates have climbed.
Though it’s no fault of Mr. Owen’s, Frank comes across as so improbably incompetent, with that stalker sneaking in everywhere, that you wonder why Rachel keeps him on.
Merrill Lynch, which has 42 representatives in Montana, has not faced any complaints.
It’s the abyss — of death, yes, but even worse, of being lost in life — that threatens these three family members who cling together so fractiously.
At the same time, investors are looking for safe havens like Treasury bonds, despite the looming default threat.
“It does not represent the opinion of the street,” he said.
Other places are big in normal elections, and Dallas, San Antonio, Austin, Fort Worth and El Paso will be big this time.
Officials say these new rules should help invigorate the mortgage market by assuring investors that the loans they buy from banks are sound.
Ali said that 14 Hezbollah fighters had died on Sunday, a figure that is consistent with claims by rebels and with those on unofficial Hezbollah Web sites.
Under this blueprint, Independence Day would probably be in March 2016, with the first elections to a parliament for a fully independent Scotland taking place two months later.
MUSCLE SHOALS The history of FAME Studios, a recording facility in Muscle Shoals, Ala., and the many musicians influenced by the “Muscle Shoals sound.” With appearances by Gregg Allman, Bono, Clarence Carter, Mick Jagger, Etta James, Alicia Keys, Keith Richards and Percy Sledge; Greg “Freddy” Camalier directed.
“We always try to capture interesting story lines and the relationship between an Auburn grad who is Miss Alabama and the current Alabama quarterback certainly met that test,” the ESPN spokesman Josh Krulewitz said.
When our nanny received her grade, she was shocked not to have done as well as she had expected.
Coming soon: Will Chase singing a number from “The Mystery of Edwin Drood” and America Ferrera in a scene from “Bethany.”
Or if you, say, watch a sports team’s games the sponsorships are usually for the season so the same advertisers pop up again and again.
While the Book Review was on hiatus, the best-seller list continued to appear in The Times’s stripped-down Western edition, which wasn’t subject to the work stoppage.
On the day the exchanges were due to open, much of the federal government would go offline, including a big portion of the Health and Human Services Department that is running the coverage expansion.
In what a fellow physicist described as a “very vain, very inappropriate” talk delivered on the 80th birthday of Murray Gell-Mann, a Nobel laureate in physics, Frampton veered into autobiography, recounting how his ability to multiply numbers in his head at 4 led him to see himself as “cleverer than Newton.” This line became a refrain throughout the talk.
This is just one of the hundreds of informal, scattered camps that house most of the several hundred thousand Syrians who have fled to Lebanon.
Today, he earns $6 an hour.
Now, a case study of medical care delivered online suggests that virtual visits can effectively treat some common ailments at a lower cost than in-person visits.
When Mr. Hollande lifted the hourly wage in June by 2 percent, to €9.40, or $12.64 an hour, trade unions and political opponents said the increase was not nearly enough to help the working poor.
He prints the lyrics: (Boom-sh-boom) (Boom-sh-boom) He made a promise (Boom) (Whoo-eee-whoo) He’ll never make me cry (Boom-sh-boom) Every time we kiss good night Feels so good to hold him tight ... Then an announcer cuts in: “This is a KLIF bulletin from Dallas.
Right wing Patrick Kane, tied for second in the league through Wednesday with 20 points, said of his success, “Sometimes the puck finds you.” Or as the captain Jonathan Toews put it, “I don’t know if there’s a method to the madness.” What is clear is that Chicago, which plays the San Jose Sharks on Friday in only its fourth home game of the season, is the N.H.L.’s best team right now.
“It sounds like a lot,” she said, “but if we were still using search firms to fill most of our six-figure openings, we’d be spending millions.” ESTABLISH YOUR BRAND When candidates come across listings they find interesting, one of the first things they do is click on the company’s Web site to find out more about the company.
I think he would have liked to have kept breaking china.” Only by the end of his sixth year did Bush finally conclude that Rumsfeld had to go, a decision that represented the most fundamental break with Cheney, who was informed, not consulted.
And the clean white walls of another bedroom form a gallery for Dave Muller ’s site-specific painting “W.W.S.R.D.
Suicide rates among middle-aged Americans have risen sharply in the past decade, prompting concern that a generation of baby boomers who have faced years of economic worry and easy access to prescription painkillers may be particularly vulnerable to self-inflicted harm.
He has 15 hits in his last 22 at-bats (.682) with a double and five home runs, and is hitting .329 with 8 homers and 26 R.B.I.
In that sense, he has come to typify the wackiness of the N.C.A.A.
Oct. 27 at 3 p.m. $25 to $48.
A basic chassis can travel down the line and be equipped with many of the same mechanical parts.
Cabrera’s homer was his 34th, second in the American League to Chris Davis’s 41 for Baltimore.
A common estimate is three feet, although there are persistent fears that the situation could turn out to be worse than that.
“Yes, he gave us the wall for free, but we have put tremendous amount of work in it for the past 11 years and contributed to putting Long Island City on the map,” said Marie Flageul, a spokeswoman for 5Pointz.
“It is making health insurance affordable and accessible to hundreds of thousands of citizens who never had it before.
She was busy, young and not looking for a boyfriend.
All of these films were, of course, judged differently by history.
The securities industry lost about 1,700 jobs last month, leaving it with a net loss so far this year, Ms. Denham said.
(Dargis) ★ ‘Barbara’ (PG-13; 1:45) Christian Petzold directs this tense, smart film about an East German doctor (Nina Hoss) who, after an unspecified offense, has been banished to the boonies.
Now, Weir, not for the first time, may surprise everyone.
Molybdate minerals can react with the precursors to help them become RNA.
As a result, musicians can’t indulge themselves as they might before a full house of fans.
This Congress needs to do the same.
There is no “either growth or austerity.” We are convinced that the two can be combined in a meaningful way — they must be combined.
It felt normal, except for the absence of Coach John Tortorella, who was elsewhere in the building.
In December, Ms. Risasen was promoted to run Evry’s public sector unit, overseeing 500 employees.
and a live art competition among visiting artists.
Nov. 26 at 8 p.m. $35 to $65.
“This transaction was never intended to see the light of day,” Mr. Starishevsky said.
Photos from Boston, Texas, Germany and Greece.
(Since this was not a randomized control trial, there’s no way to know how much of the gains came from the use of positive deviance.)
National Football League training camps are under way and the Redskins have welcomed back their quarterback, Robert Griffin III, early from injury.
On Tuesday, JoAnn Falletta conducts a program featuring Mozart’s Symphony No.
“It’s in our rearview mirror, but it’s not far.” ANTHONY D. WEINER , on online messages he sent to female fans after he resigned from Congress over similar behavior.
“I know it will take a long time,” he says.
I traced to where he had grasped, reaching back with my left foot, searching for the ledge.
Clearly, the climate is changing and New Yorkers can make themselves heard when it comes to shaping the public realm.
Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York — hired by Ms. White in 2000 when she ran that office — has made it a priority to require admissions from defendants in civil fraud cases brought by his prosecutors.
This time will be no different if policy makers let the best become the enemy of the good.
He hones his ability to use a bow and arrow while attacking on horseback.
Lois Smith and Frances Sternhagen, stage veterans with recent major Off Broadway roles, are joint recipients of the lifetime achievement Obie, The Village Voice announced Tuesday.
And it gave Ms. Kennedy lasting ties to Mr. Obama, something analysts said would come in useful in Japan, where officials and journalists have been buzzing with speculation about what a Kennedy in Tokyo would mean for Japan’s standing in the United States.
“I wrote ‘Mona,’ a tune about a pig of mine.
of the banking entity must, annually, attest” to regulators that the bank “has in place processes to establish, maintain, enforce, review, test and modify the compliance program,” according to the copy reviewed by The Times, which is dated Friday.
Another library on this floor doubles as a workspace for Mr. de Rooij.
Fan Cave on Fourth Street and Broadway has been host to baseball fan events, player interviews and a concert series.
Dempster threw one pitch behind Rodriguez’s knees and two more inside in the second inning.
Bradford landed on his knee after being shoved out of bounds by Panthers safety Mike Mitchell in the fourth quarter of Sunday’s loss at Carolina, which dropped St. Louis to 3-4 Kellen Clemens, who filled in for Bradford on Sunday, has been the only other quarterback on the roster.
It’s possible the account is testing its recommendation algorithms or whether or not people mind being targeted via direct message — something that could have broader implications down the line for marketing, perhaps.
“We try to compensate by giving lessons in mosques or schools that haven’t been hit, but it doesn’t make a big difference,” he said.
The team has also gained more than 40,000 fans on various social-media platforms since the trade was announced July 12.
“But listen to this,” Ira said when he played it for me.
The Philip Johnson Glass House, 199 Elm Street.
But he has also won some respect from the groups, which have come to see him as a voice for some of their concerns in internal deliberations.
While in the waiting room, Mr. Tomczak, 80, began having tremors and dizziness, wound up in the emergency room and was later admitted.
All the things that were alive in Shakespeare’s time and alive today.
Her lawyer, Daniel A. Hochheiser, said his client had been “accused in a hearsay complaint based upon the unsworn statements of an admitted drug dealer seeking leniency at the expense of a high-profile target.” If she is indicted, he added, she would plead not guilty.
The Cowboys moved training camp around their first three years because they were following the money.
Editors’ Note: We invite readers to respond by Thursday for the Sunday Dialogue.
The Biennial’s ambition is to create a cultural event in which the Americas can converge and ask whether there is such a thing as a pan-American cultural thread, from Canada all the way down to Chile and everywhere in between.
But there was no scrimping on the design.
When someone makes a political contribution, the donor cedes control over how that cash is appropriated.
Even if an athlete played only briefly in a game, as in Sanchez’s case, there may have been far more time spent in practices against superior competition.
For banks, the lawyer added, the change poses a more practical problem: the S.B.A.
And it still has an obligation to pay the pensions.
Rating: 6 Landon Donovan Despite having played well recently for Los Angeles, Donovan was not sharp against Jamaica.
Had I been this hearing’s audience?
How did the “Rush” project come about?
In a recent phone interview, Ms. Chlumsky, who got her start as a child actress in movies like “Uncle Buck” and “My Girl,” spoke about her audition for “ In the Loop ,” the use of language in “Veep,” and the reaction to that show in Washington.
“Mister,” he wrote, “if you aren’t in shape to dog a mountain buck and follow him for 15 miles, then walk out of the woods and be ready to do it the next day, and maybe the day after, and maybe for a week, then just be an armchair buck hunter.
“The agency shares the authors concerns about the possibility of increased pump thrombosis,” the F.D.A.
They built a house next door for their three children, Vittorio, Luca and Angela, all of whom have worked for the family business, along with many of their children.
But, bisexual visibility can only get better if people like me don’t cop out and say we are gay when that’s not true.
I suppose that, for some, dark and twisted humor can be a coping mechanism.
Speaking heavily accented English, wearing worn jeans and scuffed boots, and swathed in a plaid scarf that almost touched his little salt-and-pepper mustache, he continued: “I started out as a helper.
She scrutinizes the legion of fresh-scrubbed German “baby boomers” who were born in the wake of World War I and grew up with Nazism.
Appointing the company as the coordinator, said one specialist, “is better than not having anyone.” CGI Federal, a unit of the CGI Group, has been the lead contractor on the federal exchange.
Without Wright, the United States team wilted.
I work with a number of charities on Long Island, including one that my former teammate Clark Gillies started, the Clark Gillies Foundation.
As much as any humanist or poet, I want to see the humanities return as the foundation of education and the definition of what it means to be educated.
She would become the first woman to head the Fed or any other major central bank.
Uniqlo, the company’s biggest brand, had double-digit growth rates in sales and customer traffic in Japan during the second half, but spending per customer fell more than 5 percent.
Ms. Katrantzou created prints from blown-up images of shoes, but her fussy shapes held her back.
A driver named Rakesh Kumar glanced over at the stack of auto-rickshaw covers and smiled.
The protests were set off by the government’s effort to push through an amnesty that would have broadly applied to any politics-related cases since 2004.
“Their job will be harder than it would have been had the judge ruled otherwise,” he said.
Mr. Steinberg, the first SAC employee to stand trial in the government’s decade-long investigation of SAC Capital, went on trial two weeks after the hedge fund agreed to pay $1.2 billion and plead guilty to five counts of insider trading violations.
“The first and most significant point of my campaign platform was that I’m not making any promises,” he said.
Such a move, one that would have created numerous financial and legal complications, would have at least established a floor for other offers in the auction process.
and AIDS research and peacemaking — fighting unauthorized commercial use costs the Nelson Mandela Foundation hundreds of thousands of dollars every year.
The white hole is a tricky concept from theoretical physics — essentially, it’s a black hole in reverse — but Ms. Mori, with the help of an astrophysicist at Kyoto University, manages to find a visual approximation.
These include contracts between existing distributors and some channel owners that prohibit the channels from being licensed to new competitors like Intel.
WALL STREET JOURNAL Russia’s Main Stock Exchange Begins Trading | The Moscow Exchange, better known by its original name, Micex, garnered enough investor interest for an initial public offering.
Children ages 6 and older and their families can see how they did it by investigating the show “Drawing Surrealism” at the Morgan Library & Museum.
Conversely, if Obama can succeed in achieving meaningful curbs on Iran’s nuclear weapons aspirations, he will do much to strengthen nonproliferation as a fundamental pillar of the new liberal global order.
He wore faded khaki pants that bloused over a worn leather belt.
It will be a rare hybrid eclipse, which means some people will see a total eclipse while others will see a partial one.
A total of 195 managers have been fired or hastened into resignation since the Premier League began play in 1992, on the way to becoming the financial juggernaut of European sports, with nearly $5 billion in total club revenue in the past three playing seasons alone.
Mr. Obama is calling for modestly smaller military spending, at 2.4 percent of economic output, compared with the House Republicans’ 2.7 percent.
Austin’s exaggeratedly slim Clyde and highly animated animals should round up even reluctant readers.
But he said that such issues should not detract from the positive work the criminal justice department is doing with the burials.
Both sons planned to be in Yankees camp to visit their father on Monday.
“You can see it’s not European level, but for Russia it looks good,” said Vitaly Politayev, a 21-year-old business student.
“We just didn’t finish it out.” THUNDER 109, BUCKS 99 Kevin Durant scored 30 points, and Russell Westbrook had a triple-double as Oklahoma City won at Milwaukee.
“That’s like pouring petrol on the leftists’ fire.”
Manny, Moe & Jack, Philadelphia, the automotive products and services retailer, selected the Winston-Salem, N.C., office of Mullen as lead agency of record.
But do not forget his 31-point Week 2 outing against the 49ers.
“We didn’t say in any way that we want to show people how bad it is,” she said in a telephone interview.
And once that happens, it will be all but impossible to reverse.
player Mookie Blaylock, who was involved in a fatal car crash in suburban Atlanta.
That is the message of the commercial narrated by Mr. Hall, whose voice is heard as scenes appear on screen of people engaged in everyday activities like filling a teakettle, washing laundry and taking the newspaper in from the porch.
His crimes were of a scale that only a person of means could have pulled off.
In his meeting with Mr. Maliki on Sunday, Mr. Kerry argued that Iraq ought to have a role in international discussions about Syria’s post-Assad future, but to secure that role, it was important that Iraq stop facilitating aid for Mr. Assad.
It showed an initial panel of witnesses: 11 men, one woman.
And how would you reach different audiences?
In 2006, as a seventh grader, Mr. Lanza was described by a teacher as intelligent but obsessed with violent imagery.
NEWARK Newark Black Film Festival.
Mr. Singer predicts that civilian advances will ultimately trickle down to the military, a radical turnaround.
The results came in at the very top of that range.
I doubt I’m the only one guilty of stuffing myself silly at a buffet.
Because the Massachusetts labor market did not noticeably contract relative to the rest of the nation after its system went into effect, an official of the federal Department of Health and Human Services told The Washington Examiner that the experience in Massachusetts suggested “that the health care law will improve the affordability and accessibility of health care without significantly affecting the labor market.” Prof. David Cutler of Harvard recently addressed, on this blog , concerns about possibly adverse tax effects, saying, “Additional data from Massachusetts, where a state law was the precursor to the Affordable Care Act, suggests that the fears are overblown” and “at this point the evidence overwhelmingly suggests no need for major worry.” This position assumes that the Massachusetts system increased marginal labor income tax rates in the state by roughly the same magnitude that the Affordable Care Act will increase them in the United States (by marginal labor income tax rate, I mean the extra taxes paid, and subsidies forgone, as the result of working, expressed as a ratio to the total compensation from working).
However, for the Internet engineers who run the global network the problem is more worrisome.
In addition, China has become the most important market for Volkswagen, which sold 1.5 million cars there in the first six months of this year, more than in Western Europe.
Like, I’m not necessarily the best voice to get across my song.
President François Hollande of France called on Wednesday for officials from all 27 countries to meet and form a united position on trade policy toward China, while France’s trade ministry labeled the Chinese action as “reprehensible.” Threatening to retaliate against fine wines during a trade dispute with the European Union is a time-honored tactic for international trade negotiators.
But President Xi’s apparent war on graft has limits, at least judging by the detention on Sunday of four activists after they unfurled banners in central Beijing expressing support for the party’s self-described war on official malfeasance.
They were all, like Mr. Theisen, bused out of Nevada and left on the streets of San Francisco with little or no medication.
Witnesses in the area described a chaotic scene as a balmy Father’s Day evening drew many people outside.
“Splitting 22 years of a relationship just like that overnight, there was a lot of thoughts,” she said.
(Children can meet the cast of “The Young Olympians” at noon on Sunday at FringeCentral.)
“I’m really happy, and happy that the race is over, that we have that under our belt,” said Shiffrin, who was 1.62 seconds behind the winner.
The steamer seems to have endeavored to enter the port without taking a pilot, and the batteries in the forts at Psitalia sought to warn the Kurland of the danger by firing guns as she approached the zone mined at the outbreak of the war with Turkey.
The bride, 29, will take her husband’s name.
They maintain that driving longer distances to obtain an abortion from a provider with admitting privileges is not an undue burden and that providers at the Appleton and A.M.S.
Bradley Manning , the former Army intelligence officer arrested in 2010 on accusations of leaking classified documents to WikiLeaks .
The only thing you can do with a note is drag it up or down, delete it or, by swiping horizontally on the phone’s screen, archive it (that is, remove it from the list but keep it in storage).
Chatting with her, Adam silently laments: “Childhood friends, given a decade or two, turn into strangers.
Go to the source at her fascinating store, Cayuse Western Americana, where cowpoke, National Park Service and Native American vintage artifacts and contemporary crafts compete for space.
52-year-old Julio Mejia, the owner of an Orlando, Fla. , bar, was gunned down by a 25-year-old bar patron following an argument early Friday.
A study of the science of elite athletic performance addresses questions about whether athletic skill is innate or can be learned.
The box Harrington had sent had not been opened, he was assured, and it was going to be sent back in the condition it was received.
Harbin, in far northeastern China, had an episode of “ airpocalypse ” in October with readings hitting the 500 maximum and residents complaining they could not see across traffic intersections.
(I have only been to a few experts, and they can’t agree on a treatment.)
It turned out that there are great disparities between the aid given to black and Latino families, and white families.
Mr. Reuter praised Facebook for acting quickly and said the company “assured us that Nissan will be able to opt out of advertising on any pages that may be deemed offensive.” Dove, another brand that activists cited for having ads on Facebook pages denigrating women, said in a statement that it was working with Facebook to have such pages removed.
Ms. Harris said she sought “to hold Chase accountable for systematically using illegal tactics to flood California’s courts with specious lawsuits against consumers.” She said she aimed to get “redress for borrowers who have been harmed,” but did not detail any request for specific damages.
That letter has also been cited as evidence by Mr.
How far does it go?” A version of this question was raised at the elementary-school hearing again and again.
A basic flannel skirt gets dressed up when paired with punklike jewelry in gray tones.
“They don’t wake up in Russia and say ‘That’s a Russian show,’ ” Mr. Zaslav said.
So the only likely “cure” may occur when more people have humiliating information about themselves posted online than don’t.
Every morning, Detective John Kovach, who handles a range of domestic violence investigations, reviews a stack of protective orders filed the day before — generally 15 to 20 a day — looking for any mention of firearms.
Take for instance a five-bedroom at 115 Central Park West, the Art Deco Majestic co-op, which has 110 feet of exposure along its eastern park-facing wall.
She is often gone for weeks at a time on love-hunting trips.
Still, she printed pictures of hairstyles, flower arrangements and ring settings she found online.
The reorganization was one of the largest in the nation’s industrial history.
Social Security numbers are required to open a bank account, but shouldn’t be used after that as a requirement for initiating communications with the bank, Javelin says.
regulation, which you ignored.” He asks Ms. Drew if she knew that was the case, which she says she did.
I agree with Lou Piniella, who said baseball players are in too good a shape now.
235 Bowery, at Prince Street, Lower East Side, (212) 219-1222, newmuseum.org.
STEVEN MORRIS East Hampton, N.Y., Oct. 28, 2013 Editors’ Note: We invite readers to respond briefly by Thursday for the Sunday Dialogue.
In the exhibition, unsettling artifacts like slave collars and shackles are on display next to a United States Colored Troops cap pouch and rifled musket and proof of freedom passes.
HEAT-MOON: The first one that pops into my mind is, “Two-lane America is the real America.” That’s not true — the interstates are as real as anything else and can, at moments, seem more real than a two-lane.
But keep in mind that tapas are intended as supplement and spur to conversation.
Athletics were the true, sold-out centerpiece of those Games, and Coe is the overwhelming favorite to take the top I.A.A.F.
The faster the computers run, the better chance of guessing that right number and winning valuable coins.
The reason most people don’t switch from Word is that everyone else they know uses it.
“But guys are ready to go.
In a video report from Bentiu, in South Sudan, published on Tuesday, a United Nations official described how civilians have been fleeing the violence and taking refuge at the body’s mission there.
In a deeply conservative region like the Deep South, they can serve a vital purpose: providing a sense of camaraderie in what many have found to be a hostile environment for nonreligious people.
It would be nice to be part of a small community within a larger university.
What is change worth, and how can it be brought about convincingly?
Though he ran to the right during a primary challenge in the 2012 election, they believe he might be brought back into the fold now that he is safely ensconced in his seventh Senate term.
What remains is the uncertain legal territory at the intersection of guns and mental illness.
As the head of the C.I.A.’s Counterterrorism Center, Mike wielded tremendous power in hundreds of decisions over who lived and died in far-off lands.
On July 22, he told his full cabinet that he had “resolved upon this step, and had not called them together to ask their advice,” but rather “to lay the subject matter of a proclamation before them.” He had decided that, as of Jan. 1, 1863, all people held as slaves in states in rebellion against the United States government would be declared forever free.
“If you can put those emotions and the traumatic event in a narrative that makes sense to you,” he says, “it makes the trauma tangible.
Mr. Stevens, the Mississippi catfish company president, dismisses those concerns.
Hinkle had never observed any swim, but she said she got tips from Munatones and said she was unbiased.
(Ches Smith, the drummer on both records, has a tremendous range of style but keeps coming back to the rude clank, the rogue rumble.
Poetic license is taken, yielding an intricate constellation of connected artworks, histories and concerns that highlights one of the city’s great treasures.
We need you now more than ever.
– Quentin Hardy The Once-Bright Future of Color E-Paper Engadget | No answers here on whatever happened to the promise of color electronic ink readers.
But a lot will go to commercial composting centers outside the city.
The boy, on the other hand, spreads metaphorical sunshine, prompting enthusiastic waves and indulgent smiles.
There is no silver bullet, but more creative thinking is needed.
“We had an oar with us.
By now we know that no such redemption is at hand — it rarely is, for Gavin’s characters — but the way Marty takes his loss will act as a grace note for the story and for the book as a whole.
Such toughness should appeal to N.F.L.
“We expected this — that’s why we want everyone to vaccinate both boys and girls.
Indeed, to produce that outcome takes someone like a Fayyad with the consistent help of external parties as well as a loyal base at home ready to see it through.
He said that the protesters had dispersed peacefully and that a fire outside the building had been put out.
In earlier bills, they would have been reclassified as ordinary income.
Mr. Jones hosted it from 1975 until 1979, when it went off the air, and again in the 1980s.
The leak of audiotapes of phone conversations between top officials of Anglo Irish Bank, which was by far the worst of a very bad lot, has stunned Ireland and damaged its relations with Germany.
I am excited to get back into a regular playing schedule and my team’s training environment.
Specifically, High Rock says it needs $75 million in public funds to help convert the building: $39 million from the state, $10 million to $15 million from the city and $21 million more from the federal government in the form of tax credits for historic buildings.
The vista down the Colorado River from the Indian ruin is the same view that appears on the back of Arizona’s 2010 commemorative quarter, and after Filip arrived, Vincent handed him his phone and, his orb still overhead, posed for a portrait.
“Ever since laundry detergent was invented, we’ve been sold the same stories,” he says in one video.
What made you get back into those perilous waters again?
Back at full strength, the Saints are at home and their defense, under the new coordinator Rob Ryan, cannot be as bad as it was last season.
We went to the park, drove to Malibu, went back to the park.
This should have been delicious, served with some romaine lettuce salad alongside.
By ending the overuse of this practice, we will make New York safer and begin to repair the relationships between community and police.” The appeals panel, comprising Judges John M. Walker Jr., José A. Cabranes and Barrington D. Parker Jr., also seemed to invite the parties to seek a return of the cases to the district court “for the purpose of exploring a resolution.” Judge Analisa Torres of Federal District Court is now assigned to the cases.
He gives us no reason to conclude, as Northup does, that there “was much in [Mistress Epps’s] character to admire.” He does not suggest, as Northup does, that “it is not the fault of the slaveholder that he is cruel so much as it is the fault of the system in which he lives.” (In the movie they are one and the same.)
In 1979, he married Carmen Wernli and had a son, Yann, before a second divorce.
Mr. Bernanke has said he envisions the stimulus program coming to an end by the middle of next year if unemployment falls to about 7 percent.
A Hoover Institution fellow argues that politicians shape legislation in order to extract donations.
Three weeks ago, a team of employees gathered with Mr. Vaynerchuk in a conference room to discuss a brand they oversee, a cookie that the client did not want named.
It will be shown with “Dancing on the Moon,” a Max Fleischer short.
• And the Great PUPkin costume contest in Fort Greene Park in Brooklyn, also at noon.
Similar restrictions have been imposed by the United Kingdom, Chile and Brazil.
Both players are the sons of former N.B.A.
We knew it was impossible to keep it quiet, and I was bummed that it happened that soon.
From the editorial page The discrimination embedded in the Defense of Marriage Act is precise yet sweeping.
You kind of feel responsible for keeping the natural balance so life has a chance.
SPORTS An article on Thursday previewing the college football game between No.
For me, the season really began last Friday, with the second program of “Film Week at the Philharmonic.” Stanley Kubrick’s sci-fi masterpiece, “2001: A Space Odyssey,” was screened with the orchestra, joined by the Musica Sacra Chorus, performing the works by Ligeti, Richard Strauss, Johann Strauss II and Khachaturian that are used in the movie.
Threshold also tried to court the young-male demographic of the emerging World Wide Web with content like the series “Bikini Masterpiece Theater.” In 1999, Mr. Kasanoff and a Threshold employee, Joshua Wexler, conceived a film in which food mascots would come alive when away from prying eyes, much like the playthings in “Toy Story.” “Imagine,” an information packet for potential licensees later read, “shopping cart chase scenes up and down the aisles in the same manner as ‘Ben-Hur.’ ” Mr. Kasanoff raised an initial $25 million for production costs in conjunction with a Korean investment consortium and expected the rest of the budget, which Threshold projected at $50 million, would come from foreign presales and loans against those sales.
Video posted to YouTube claimed to show a large group of Morsi supporters attacking and setting fire to a church in Sohag, Egypt.
The government does not issue licenses to women, and women have been detained or fired from their jobs for driving in the past.
Of the hundred or so inmates receiving daily methadone doses, he said, there was little evidence of a reduction in recidivism, one of the program’s main selling points.
(The couple entertained at restaurants or at home together on weekends.)
The guest list reflected that, too, with Ms. Clinton and the sisters Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager on hand.
The long elevator ride gives fellow residents like P. Diddy abundant opportunity to buttonhole the good doctor and seek guidance about their mantra and yoga issues.
Though she barely scrapes by on food stamps, she struggles mightily to pull the parties together and always finds a way to make them work.
Asked if it was any harder or easier to lose because an official whistled the Patriots for a penalty that had never been called, Belichick uttered a nearly inaudible but entirely believable “I don’t know.” He did dispute that the ruling was administered properly.
Ms. Bridgewater performs more than two-dozen Holiday songs in this play with music about the singer, who died in 1959 at 44.
In addition to Mr. Wegman, the biscuit-givers include his wife, Christine Burgin, a publisher, and the couple’s two children, Atlas, 18, and Lola, 15.
But it occurred about seven days before 9/11, so we could never advertise it.
Beyond the surveillance video, the police have had few clues to help guide the search.
Of course, people have been running around screaming about the end of the world for as long as we’ve been around to take notes.
8 P.M. (Cinemax) SAFE HOUSE (2012) Tobin Frost (Denzel Washington, below), a rogue superspy formerly with the Central Intelligence Agency and called “the black Dorian Gray,” is held for debriefing in a Cape Town safe house by an untested rookie, Matt Weston (Ryan Reynolds), in this thriller about the very bad things that intelligence officers sometimes do in the name of country.
In the Middle East pilafs are made with medium, coarse, and very coarse bulgur.
“I don’t think that risk was part of this decision,” Trestman said.
Having won the ball, Niang fluently passed it to El Shaarawy, whose own touch was brief but sublime.
Pakistan accounts for a considerable number, and while no official figures are available for Afghanistan, aid workers and journalists periodically report attacks there.
He then instructed the staff to buy a round for everyone there and keep the change.
Moreover, some Fed officials have concluded that large job gains are beyond reach.
Phase 1 of Riverfront Park, as it is called, was completed last summer: a $15 million complex of playing fields on formerly derelict land, a couple of miles north of a giant sewage treatment plant, in the Ironbound district.
Yet because she also reported conflicts with kids at her school, her death was mostly ascribed simply to bullying.
Remember when Subaru offered the Justy and G.M.
After “The God Species” was published, Lynas explained his shift this way in an interview with Keith Kloor : Well, life is nothing if not a learning process.
Aravind’s ideas reach around the world.
Nearby lay a handful of 7.62-millimeter shell casings, possibly from an AK-47 assault rifle.
Follow Jack Bell on Twitter.
When Kyle [Love] went out and when Talib went out, we had to make some adjustments.
They never go marching one by one.
Mr. Orr was just beginning to describe his tenure as emergency manager — and events leading up to the city’s Chapter 9 filing — when Judge Steven W. Rhodes of United States Bankruptcy Court ended testimony for the day.
3:45 P.M. (Fox Business) FBN INTERVIEWS BOEHNER Rich Edson interviews House Speaker John A. Boehner, Republican of Ohio, about the deficit, budget cuts and the economy.
“I played a little Frog Bog,” Mr. Obama said at the Asbury Park Convention Hall.
Nov. 20 at 7:30 p.m. $10 and $15.
Now, “the numbers are declining, and they’re finding the same challenges we’re finding.” In the developing world, the problem is more severe, said Nigel Chapman, chief executive of the development group Plan International.
A Few More Decisions Made In the first week of July, a stack of DVDs, not to mention a virtual stack of Vimeo links, awaited his review at his home in Montclair.
Drivers can select Comfort and Sport settings as well.
He knew he was playing with fire: not a few sophisticates consider the Whitman song obnoxious even when it’s not accompanied by yodeling.
As she advances in age into her late 80s, that time is getting shorter.
The bombardment of updates that followed for years, and the prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi’s book “Helter Skelter” (written with Curt Gentry), led me to believe there was nothing more to learn about the grubby little man with the swastika cut into his forehead.
The statement is proffered by First Sergeant Milt Warden (Darius Campbell) to the married Karen Holmes (a stiff Rebecca Thornhill), to name the two characters whose surf-side shenanigans linger in the cultural zeitgeist via the iconic imagery of Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr in those roles on screen.
It may be Pope Joan, giving birth while she’s canonized.” Ms. Nielsen grinned and gave a brief unholy cackle — already preparing for the robe and miter.
Lonni: After the war my temperament had changed.
And, of course, it’s always a good idea to meet in a public place to make the transaction.
As Griffin looks to bounce back in Week 10 against a soft Vikings secondary, look for him to continue relying on Reed.
I saw his shoulders first and then his neck.
Displayed in a small, dark corner room where it glows uncannily, partly by virtue of real lights built into it, “Pop” (1985-1991) is a 10-foot-wide marvel of comic magic realism and meticulous craftsmanship.
Mr. Workman was known in the publishing world as a genially offbeat entrepreneur of nonfiction, with an on-base percentage — in publishing terms — worthy of Cooperstown: one of every three books issued by Workman sold 100,000 copies or more.
At first the changes were subtle; gang members reportedly started showing up at group therapy sessions; former hit men started taking guitar lessons.
It is the prize shot that the paparazzi would kill for, because they would make good money; it is the shot that the magazines and blogs want, because it will get the readers close to the subject.
And from the program he chose for this recital, Mr. Khozyainov clearly came to town determined to show off his prodigious technique.
And on nearly every climb, they were soaring to nearly touch the clouds.
More sophisticated reusable respirators, with replaceable filters can cost up to $50 and are effective against an array of contaminants, from gases to asbestos, depending on their design.
And what was so great about it was, it wasn’t just art talk about the materials and the creative process.
Watching over it all, as he has done for the past 40 years, is the wry, white-bearded barman, Tommy Smith, a collector of rare books.
In recent months, the shares of Apple and Samsung have been hammered by investors, who worry that even as the companies report continued growth in sales of smartphones, they will struggle to maintain their momentum.
Jim Walden, a lawyer for Bill de Blasio, the mayor-elect and the city’s public advocate, as well as six neighborhood and tenants’ associations that have sued to keep the hospital open, said he would have to see the details.
receptions and high-powered meetings, Gracie Mansion is expecting a full-time resident.
If you feel something IN THE AIR, you are privy to something intangible yet sensed, and to me, that’s beautiful.
Mr. Thicke said “Blurred Lines” came out of a three-day writing session in July 2012 with Mr. Williams.
Startled, I told the audience what I had just learned.
What TV can do for a young person is often overlooked.
Cheparinov did not play 19 de5 because Sutovsky would have had a clear advantage after 19 ... Qd1 20 Kg2 Qe2.
But his lips never touched any of theirs until he kissed the Bollywood bombshell Katrina Kaif in “Jab Tak Hai Jaan,” which was released in December 2012.
Earlier in the evening, Novak Djokovic put on a show at Arthur Ashe against João Sousa of Portugal.
Earlier on Friday, opposition parties tried unsuccessfully to pass a no-confidence motion against Ms. Mori in a bid to slow the bill’s passage.
He has long been an advocate in the Obama administration of raising the current rate of 15 percent.
Thursdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 3 p.m. Stamford Art Association, 39 Franklin Street.
Neither Don Garber, the commissioner of M.L.S., nor Sheik Mansour could be reached for comment Sunday.
He is attacked from the left for being too willing to cut public spending in a period of stagnation.
(Just ask the bodega owner in Brooklyn who years back named his store A-Rod Grocery and is now searching for a new name.)
“So why not do the same thing when one of us is remote?” Another company has embraced virtual happy hours in a lower-tech (and higher-end) way.
“A mosque will be built in Taksim,” he said, in a recent speech.
Because testing with the 2013 racing car and drivers is outlawed during the season, both Mercedes and Pirelli were reprimanded and Mercedes was excluded from a forthcoming test session for young drivers.
All in all, it was a nice example of what Brazilians call “Dilma Bolada,” or “Furious Dilma.” (A Rio de Janeiro publicist has even created a fake Twitter profile under that name, to make fun of our president’s famous short temper.)
It was a stunning display of aggression and incompetence.
The parties initially postponed the deadline to reach a deal for 90 days, then postponed it again until Dec. 31.
HARTFORD “The House I Live In,” directed by Eugene Jarecki.
An Israeli laborer who was repairing the security fence along the border with Gaza was fatally shot on Tuesday by a Palestinian sniper, according to the Israeli military, and Israel immediately responded with airstrikes and tank and infantry fire against targets it associated with militant groups in the Palestinian coastal territory.
I found “ Malthus Miffed: Are People the Problem, the Solution, or Both?
The Society has also established a 34-member jury, featuring politicians, musicians and critics, and it includes the president of the Swiss choirs association and the classical music specialist at Radio Télévision Suisse, a public broadcasting organization that still plays the anthem every day.
Instead of a currency war, what we are seeing is the everyday problems of a global economy where countries are highly connected and quite distinct.
A day and a half later, she received the letter and realized that the delay was an attempt by Cantrell to inflict “psychological torture” on her.
Of the generous amounts promised at a donor conference in Kuwait a month ago, aid agencies have received little so far.
I couldn’t leave any more messages.
That’s the way the market is supposed to work, right?
On the day he was driven away from the special school for the last time in the clunky, sky-blue station wagon that had a school-bus sign with two red lights on it strapped to the roof, I watched from the window in Room 223 with the therapist who’d taught him about feelings.
Laggards may find that clients, if not European lawmakers, will make them play catch-up.
I don’t want to have think about it anymore.” Ms. Tuit said that she and her husband had private health insurance, spending up to $10,000 a year, because he has long been self-employed.
All jokes aside, there is a lot to like about Jacobs right now and I would prioritize him among my waiver pickups this week.
We hit a couple 6-irons 285.
Everyone becomes suspicious of everyone else — is that you talking, or the life form?
Google says it scrutinizes each government request, narrows the scope if possible, and notifies users of the request if it is not prohibited by law.
That grittily realistic snapshot of urban crime was uplifted by the duo’s masterful, unrelenting rhymes; as Mobb Deep reportedly assembles a new studio album, it delivers a rare hometown set.
April 12 at 7:30 p.m. $15.
Ms. Fuguitt, who is 56, took early retirement last summer from General Mills, where she had worked for 32 years, most recently as vice president for global consumer insights.
Me.” “When I first heard of Mr. Smith a little more than a year ago, I have to admit, I was intrigued,” Mr. Sorkin writes.
Sina Weibo has increasingly challenged the Chinese government’s traditional control of the media, leading the government to try repeatedly to rein it in without completely neutering it .
Strolling through Karachi’s galleries last month, I saw triptychs, sculptures and modernist installation pieces, each more provocative and politically relevant than the last.
They already know what they’re doing, just like in real life.
With Neal Bledsoe, Harris Doran and Summer Crockett Moore; Tony Glazer wrote and directed.
“There are a number of different things that can be going on, from a nasty, cranky neighbor to a sloppy neighbor to lots of barking dogs,” said Diane Saatchi, a real estate broker at Saunders & Associates in Bridgehampton, N.Y.
As the editor of the South China Morning Post, Wang Xiangwei, wrote in a recent column: “Such advice might strike the ears of most people as plain and harmless.” But corruption in China runs deep, as leaders have acknowledged, and “that kind of order coming from the president and party chief surely sends shivers down the spines of many of the Communist Party’s 80 million members.” The message is: “Clean up your act.
The stakes are high in the presidential election.
Pick: Patriots Dolphins (8-6) at Bills (5-9) 1 p.m. Sunday Line: Dolphins by 3 Miami will attempt to build on the momentum from its emotional 24-20 win over New England, which kept alive the Dolphins’ scant hopes of winning the A.F.C.
I don’t care about what’s talked about, what’s read about, what’s written about.
Old Navy, which will open hundreds of locations from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving, is offering its first 500 customers at each store the chance to win a sweepstakes when stores reopen again a few hours later, some at 7 p.m. and others at midnight.
“I hugged her and tried to tell her it was going to be all right.
Getting $500 billion over 10 years would not be pain-free, though it does not have to hurt those who can least afford to sacrifice.
As a race-relations troubleshooter for the National Council of Churches from 1956 to 1963, he joined the Rev.
And now it’s my turn to take care of her, one way or the other.” Mrs. Khan is now trying to secure more work for a higher pay.
“I feel like the way that things are going, it just is a matter of time.”
Erin Hosier, 38, a literary agent and former Brooklynite who moved to Woodstock last year, took her Cavalier King Charles spaniel to splash around in a secluded stretch of stream on the edge of town earlier this summer when she came across a curious sight on the trail.
About 10 of the 120 or so buildings are open to the public.
It has the feeling of an extremely artsy country club.
This week’s beautifully written episode plays to the show’s strengths — the actors — and the business of advertising.
He pitched the first no-hitter in Mets history in June 2012, against St. Louis.
“It is really hard to be a general interest publication,” he said.
It’s like going to a business meeting in your underwear.” It is all a predictable part of the dressing-down of America, said Patricia Mears, deputy director of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology .
The Eagles took their No.
Sometimes people don’t fit into our environment.
I’m guessing he didn’t send you a thank you note.
The “higher loan balance” option assumes that you add the costs to the loan principal, which means you not only pay the fees, but you’ll pay interest on them.
The Chargers’ offense looked more like Chip Kelly’s ideal than his Eagles’ offense did, racking up 539 yards, holding the ball for 40 minutes 17 seconds and speeding things up.
“I am not going to be at the heart of the house, nor will I give a catwalk show.
He slapped hands and took pictures and even dropped the d-word.
Many among them were Kashmiris – Hindus and Muslims — from the United States and Britain who wanted to carry a piece of art with them as a precious, bittersweet link to a home that now signified a lost world.
Nest’s first product was a thermostat, which it followed with a smoke alarm.
Another unit, Diamond Offshore Drilling, which accounts for about a quarter of Loews’s revenue, reported first-quarter results above analysts’ expectations last week, helped by higher use of its deepwater units.
A schedule and details about festival passes are at brooklynemf.com.
vehicles told the federation that they expect an improvement to about 31 m.p.g.
Legislative leaders, working with state and national gay rights groups, are pushing to override Mr. Christie’s veto, which they have until January to do.
“They’re making some proper moves, but it’s still demand that’s the issue.” Maynard Um, an analyst with Wells Fargo, echoed that cautious assessment.
Now would Tottenham consolidate its advantage?
No further information is available.
(An effect of -6.3 is within what statisticians call the confidence interval .)
“But it informed so many things.
What skills did they need in order to do this work?
Woods hit five fairways in his fourth round after finding 12 of 14 in his second.
And here, where antiseptic nostalgia for the antebellum South is not uncommon, the conversation is even more complex.
Comcast reported a near record-breaking year with $20 billion in operating cash flow in the fiscal year 2012.
1994 EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS The Knicks win in seven games.
To her faultless cutting and penchant for perfection, Ms. Herrera added tweaks of the imagination, a hint of the 1940s and of the old Orient, offering a perfume of a decadent Chinese past.
April 5 at 9:30 p.m. No cover.
And last month, a state appeals court for the first time decided there was such a taking in South Central Texas.
“When he initially started talking about it, I expressed my concerns about it,” he said.
To protect something, you have to love it.
He died after a heart attack, said his son, Peter.
“Silver Linings Playbook,” from the Weinstein Company, also came up a winner, as seven of its eight nominations came in prominent categories.
But it quickly became apparent this was not going to be enough, particularly given what news reports said was the opposition of Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the powerful secretary of state under Benedict.
The hotel owner got called elsewhere and allowed the film school to take the nonfunctioning hotel by the sea.
Learn more about the word “dynamic” and see usage examples across a range of subjects on the Vocabulary dictionary .
As the Reuters legal blogger, Alison Frankel, put it last June , when Posner rendered his withering decision , “Would any rational economic actor engage in litigation under those terms, spending millions on an apparently impossible quest” to satisfy Posner’s damages criteria?
Even the Explosion players planned to attend.
After they picked up another rental car, the attendant found a .45-caliber shell casing and a piece of what appeared to be chewed blue gum in the car.
But it is urging same-sex couples to apply for benefits anyway — even if they live in a state that doesn’t recognize their marriage.
Ms. Fares, 45, who goes by the alias Um Hassan, said that before the protests erupted, two years ago, she lived in the coastal town of Latakya where, as members of the Sunni sect, she, her husband and six children had suffered from what she described as the Alawite minority sect’s discriminatory rule.
But the show that opened at City Center on Wednesday night seems perfectly contented — no, make that downright delighted — to exist entirely on a flat surface.
(That’s not exactly true; Behanan was born six months later.)
But a central question is whether the deaths are symptoms of something more ominous: the collapse of the natural balance that sustains the 156-mile estuary’s northern reaches.
“They want to be around each other in real life and have experiences that are really collaborative.
Is this going to be the year?
Her standard response to the team’s supporters, Herbst said, is to suggest they listen to what the Huskies’ coaches in basketball and football, along with the athletic director, Warde Manuel, have to say about the new conference.
The top guy who is running it can be amazing and brilliant and do 110 jobs at the same time, but without the team, he might as well pack up and go home.
At least three seizures weighing in at several tons — and accounting for thousands of animals — each have been reported in the past few years.
It represents the human capacity to tell stories in such a manner that they yield meaning.
Readers were not wrong to identify Mr. Arjouni with his detective, however.
Situated between the historic Lloyd Street Synagogue and its slightly more junior former rival, B’nai Israel, the entire complex is a tribute to what once was.
Be comforted, people of Britain.
David Villa made his case for returning to Barcelona’s starting lineup by scoring twice in a 5-0 win over Cordoba that sealed a place in the Copa del Rey quarterfinals.
But the two Koreas have yet to resolve differences over where to hold their meeting.
They used to have teddy bears along the windowsills.
To further complicate matters, there is nothing in most insurance applications on the exchanges to prevent someone with Medicare from buying coverage.
Donna Rollins, vice president of United States sales operations at Marchon, said the company became involved with the foundation when the economy faltered.
“Everything is becoming a big mixture,” he said.
Red Tape: Start-Up Legislation The Internal Revenue Service reminds that it has a small-business and self-employed tax center.
The 2010 increase in the income of the top 1 percent was more than twice that of the average income of the middle class.
The survivors of the attack at the marathon suffered a range of devastating injuries, according to the A.P.
Really, who could disagree with him?
On Tuesday, several airlines were waiving fees to travelers to change their flights instead of risking cancellations and delays through Wednesday.
And the company has a longer habit of surpassing bars set by others.
Three of the most impressive picture books released for Black History Month this year involve the force of will.
Classical Full reviews of recent classical performances: nytimes.com/classical.
6:35 P.M. (Cinemax) SHAUN OF THE DEAD (2004) In this horror comedy directed by Edgar Wright, Simon Pegg plays Shaun, a worthless layabout who seems content to go nowhere fast as long as he can hang out at his favorite pub with his best friend, Ed (Nick Frost), and his girlfriend, Liz (Kate Ashfield).
At this moment, there’s probably no better way of dispelling the tiresome myth that silent films were technically and dramatically crude than by directing skeptics to the radiant new Blu-ray of “The Big Parade” from Warner Home Video.
Gaining market share would be more difficult, he said.
Sears’s sales have declined for five straight years, and its market capitalization now is 15 percent of what it was at the beginning of 2006.
But as the fears about the debt crisis have eased, some managers now see opportunity in areas that previously had been off limits.
“The mantelpiece was a material part of the quaint character that had endeared my buyers to the property,” Ms. Cohen said.
Granted, the effect of the stronger dollar and the decision to earmark some businesses for sale explain the decline.
Every time a dentist puts in a crown or a filling, “some damage is done to the pulp,” Dr. Donovan said, so some teeth that were crowned may eventually require a root canal.
On Tuesday, for example, as the dissident trial was getting under way in central Vietnam, the daily Vietnam News reported that a woman had been sentenced in Ho Chi Minh City to 42 months in prison for “activities against the state.” The newspaper said the woman, Lo Thanh Thao, 36, had “scattered propaganda leaflets” and “stuck them inside several buildings” in Ho Chi Minh City.
“We expect to be a strong competitor in most regions because our brand and local market experience are meaningful differentiating factors,” the company’s chief executive, Joseph R. Swedish, recently told investors.
Dr. Colin Hislop, the chief medical officer at Anthera, denied the accusations, saying it simply took time to gather and organize the data.
She’s always been a doer and really sticks to it, and doesn’t give up.” Lauren Bush was born in Denver, the daughter of Sharon Smith Bush, a former schoolteacher turned philanthropist, and Neil Bush, a son of George H. W. Bush and a brother of George W. When she was 4, she turned vegetarian after a visit to a petting zoo-cum-restaurant didn’t go over so well.
And what we’ve been doing is to try to prolong her life, and also give her treatment with the aim of reducing the pain.” In Africa, women with breast cancer tend to be younger than those in developed countries, and they are more likely to die, in large part because of late diagnosis and inadequate treatment.
Any player who can rise above Marouane Fellaini, one of the outstanding men in the air in the Premiership, has to be regarded as having potential.
Wednesdays through Saturdays, noon to 4 p.m.; and by appointment.
But it did the job.
Senate Republicans narrowly blocked a vote on Mr. Hagel’s confirmation last week in a filibuster, forcing Democrats to put the matter off until senators return from recess next week.
Today, she said, Jet sells about 700,000 copies.
I don’t know how to count.
[ New York Post ] • If you sic your dog on someone you can be charged with criminal possession of a weapon.
The Weiss family owns only 7.8 percent of American Greetings, but the family maintains high voting shares that give it 43 percent of the vote — a stake worth about $44 million.
How do you tell your child about the origins of both of these holidays and let them decide?
After the season, Wade chose to forgo surgery in favor of losing weight and having his knees treated with electrotherapy.
But at the end of the day, it won’t make a difference for the aggrieved party.
It is an unusual understanding of how money and economies work, and one of its main ideas is that governments never need to balance their budgets, ever.
A South Korean court prevented the statue’s repatriation on the grounds that it might have been stolen from Korea centuries ago by Japanese pirates.
“I was not in love with John Paul,” she said.
But we spent more time getting locked out while running between the apartments than we did enjoying the additional square footage.
A court filing released Tuesday said the “ongoing investigation has revealed new information.” Mr. Curtis thanked God and his lawyer for his release.
A photograph on the display provides context.
But I don’t know if I want him as my confessor.
After Friday’s round ended, Mr. Glassberg added up the scores and announced: “Ninety-five for Sid — happy birthday, Sidney.” They fist-bumped, and Mr. Beckwith loaded his golf bag into his battered Toyota Camry and vowed to shoot No.
When my friends came over for lunch, we walked in our calm, shaded lanes.
Shares of Oracle were down 3 percent at $35.13, while Acme Packet shot up 23.65 percent, to $29.59.
Should the durable “NCIS” ever start to fade, there’s always “NNCIS.” Even a simple “Bad” could help some shows, as the movies have already shown.
“Companies are finally starting to understand that if they want to remain competitive in an aging society they cannot afford to ignore female talent,” said Ms. Reding, who added that 60 percent of graduates from universities in the Union’s 27 member states last year were women.
An outstretched upward palm, up or down to indicate volume, meant sustain; a U shape formed with thumb and forefinger meant repeat; a finger to the forehead meant to remember a melodic phrase or a rhythm that he would summon again later.
While it will take a long time for Germany to move beyond its deeply entrenched culture of reluctance, taking a stronger, more principled stance on Syria today would be an important step in the right direction.
Differences in yeast communities from one part of the vineyard to another could be due to variances in sun exposure and temperature, Dr. Setati said, adding, “The question now is, does that variation actually translate to different wines at the end of the day?”
Kevin Kline, Phoebe Cates, Jane Adams, John C. Reilly, John Benjamin Hickey and Parker Posey fill out the cast.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Montclair Art Museum, 3 South Mountain Avenue.
GK: I didn’t say gourmet, Philip.
March 9 at 8 p.m. $20 to $35.
“To force me to talk they poured 40 liters of water in my mouth and over my nostrils, which made it so that I could not breathe anymore,” one of the men, who gave his name as Ali Guindo, told The A.P.
Mr. Pirotte writes in his catalog essay that Mr. Yang and his peers “have spent most of their formative years in a society in transformation, which has created lasting feelings of alienation.” Mr. Yang grew up in a Beijing suburb in the relative isolation of military life — his father had something like a lieutenant’s rank — and said that he never felt the impact of Mao’s Cultural Revolution.
It’s something magical, and people love his music from the moment they hear it.” “Music is a language all it’s own,” wrote Rodriguez.
In an interview, he said he was sure the paintings still existed, but added that Mr. Dogaru had refused to specify their whereabouts for fear of retribution.
Now that he is the private owner of The Post, it would not be surprising to see him worry little about turning a quick profit and instead push to upend the often ossified world of newspaper publishing, just as he did with books more than a decade ago.
The role inversion makes for some rich comedy, and its conclusion includes a clever twist.
Swindlers routinely seek to dupe lonely people into sending money to fictitious suitors or to lure viewers toward pay-for-service pornography pages.
Probst and Blackmun attribute their success in repairing relationships to their travel schedules: Blackmun has averaged 130 days a year on the road, and Probst about 100.
Bernd Bohr, chairman of Bosch’s automotive group, said at a January news conference in Paris that “more work will have to be done before these cars find the mass market.” Asked recently for more detail, a Bosch spokesman, Udo Rügheimer, cited a need for “fine tuning” critical components, including brakes and hydraulic units, but declined to comment further.
He took us out of Iraq, only to deepen our commitment to Afghanistan, from which we are just now pulling out.
— BILL PENNINGTON The Lions great Barry Sanders — just chosen to be on the cover of the Madden video game — has turned in the card for Detroit: Ezekiel Ansah, DE, BYU.
No Thanks Twenty-seven years ago, on Aug. 17, 1986, Cincinnati’s manager, Pete Rose, called on himself to pinch-hit in a game against San Diego.
“His work changed as a result.
The court on 161st Street was always busy with something else.
were to eliminate the standard mortgage, the same borrower could instead use the “saver” reverse mortgage, which has lower fees but permits you to withdraw less: this homeowner could withdraw about $194,800, or 14 percent less than the “standard,” in cash or a line of credit, after all fees.
Geoengineering — the deliberate, large-scale intervention in the climate system to counter global warming or offset some of its effects — may enable humanity to mobilize its technological power to seize control of the planet’s climate system, and regulate it in perpetuity.
“We are thrilled to add service to additional cities via the Coach USA family,” Mike Alvich, Megabus’s vice president of marketing and public relations, said in a statement last October.
In a three-decade career, cut off by his suicide, at 57, last year, he did it all genrewise: performance, painting, drawing, printmaking, sculpture, video, installation, sound art and writing.
“You could either be overwhelmed, which Jon sometimes is, or you could decide to use that talent to explain to the world, ‘I am different.’ ”
“We didn’t know what to do.
The confused and bewildered slum dwellers rushed to contact nongovernmental organizations for help.
The stock market got off to a slow start in April, edging lower on Monday after a week when the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index eclipsed its nominal high.
We also need to actively protect our most valuable flood protection infrastructure – wetlands, barrier islands, and dune beaches.
16 Photos View Slide Show › I was trying to do different things with orchestras.
They could be exposed to chicken pox anywhere.
Mr. DiGiovanni said he got within 50 feet of it on Wednesday evening and said the dolphin knew to stay clear of his boat.
But I have no idea who the heavy users are, the people pounding Google’s servers asking for another map every second.
“That’s the scene from the original!
“I chose him because he’s got the greatest breadth of experience across Warner’s businesses,” Mr. Bewkes said on Wednesday.
“We are looking forward and we will have Big East basketball next season and the postseason tournament will be played at Madison Square Garden with some of the best teams in the country, some of the best coaches in the country.” Agreed, sir.
And where the island once had 49 named streams in 1917, the number had dropped to 7 by 1972.
“We together agree on what to do and not do, on the principle that no one’s interest is affected provided that Israel does not begin the construction of E1,” the talking points say.
American troops will not fight, officials said.
Sundays, Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturdays 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Richard Demato Fine Arts Gallery, 90 Main Street.
As to be expected, many groups in Israel are claiming credit for this success.
“He will deal with the decision he made to ride that motorcycle, the physical repercussions, for the rest of his life,” Gauvin said.
In the early days after the accident, the company took a conciliatory approach to resolve disputes with the gulf states and claims seekers, but it is now taking a more aggressive stance in court.
In the meantime, here’s your hat, what’s your hurry?
“I can see him like it was yesterday,” Ms. Lee said recently.
Chuck Ream, co-founder of the Safer Michigan Coalition, which has pushed for legalization for years, said he was struck by how easily the local ordinances passed.
And then there is Robert Rubin’s son Jamie, who worked at the Federal Communications Commission and at Allen & Company, the boutique bank, while his father was part of the Clinton administration.
There is something exciting about how seriously ‘Snow White and the Huntsman’ takes its themes.” He added that Ms. Stewart’s Snow White was “part of an interesting new breed of warrior princesses — Katniss Everdeen is their current leader — whose ascendance reflects the convergence of commercial calculations and cultural longings.
I love you and there’s nothing you or anyone could do.
“What are you getting for that?
Dish is also bidding for Sprint itself but was dealt a blow earlier this week when Sprint accepted a sweetened takeover bid from SoftBank of Japan.
Police officials did not respond on Wednesday to a request for comment.
Lundqvist has a .904 save percentage, 21st among the N.H.L.’s 39 regular goalies through Sunday.
So how in the world did we get to the point where people pay tens of millions of dollars for works by the likes of Andy Warhol, Jeff Koons, Jean-Michel Basquiat and Damien Hirst?
No word on a motive.
“Violet” arrived around the same time as the Adam Guettel-Tina Landau show “Floyd Collins,” set in Kentucky in the 1920s.
There are nine sound collections that include chimes, drums or animals.
My Sunday column is from Davos and uses Sheryl Sandberg’s forthcoming book to look at the persistent gender gap in the US and around the world.
Baol, Via Martina Franca, 3, Cisternino; (39-348) 859-5551.
Mr. Reilly acknowledged that there could be more installments in the future.
Most of the drawing are dedicated to modern artists, some European, the majority Latin American.
A time trial is perhaps the only time professional cycling resembles golf.
The online exchange was crippled, people involved with building it said in recent interviews, because of a huge gap between the administration’s grand hopes and the practicalities of building a website that could function on opening day.
Every piece of the soft material broken off skittered and pulsed with life — little crabs and worms and snails.
Will you want me thinking of you on the eve of 2014?
At the team’s shootaround on Friday morning, Johnson said the heel felt good enough to test.
William C. Thompson Jr. receives the endorsement of clergy citywide, and Bill de Blasio tours hospitals under threat of closure.
It’s not normal.” In his season-opening event in Abu Dhabi, Woods, a three-time tour winner in 2012, missed the cut after incurring a two-stroke penalty in the second round for an illegal drop.
Most of the review seemed to be about Chagnon himself — an admittedly controversial figure who nevertheless has been immensely influential in modern anthropology.
Hackers simply posted a Web link online that allowed volunteers to download an application that turned their computer into a “botnet,” or network of computers, that flooded targets like Visa.com and MasterCard.com with traffic until they crashed.
They recommend — as did a 2010 American Academy of Pediatrics policy on choking prevention — food hazard labeling, as is required for toys, and the development of public awareness campaigns to educate parents and the public about the danger of food-related choking among children.
Michael Worsley, a clinical psychologist who treated Private Manning, said in court last week.
Fridays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; and by appointment.
“I read in a way I hope generates interest and I just have fun making a few bucks.” He is also using his broadcast background to do a monthly comedy show on WERU-FM in Orland, Me.
But I am getting ahead of the story, a 1970s story, when there were still tenements with $77 a month rents in Greenwich Village and dinner at a Cuban Chinese restaurant was $3 and the city was rich with counterculture newspapers and magazines.
In 2009, Benson bought an office tower near the Superdome and renamed it Benson Tower, and Landrieu said he was relieved when Benson took on the Hornets, calling him a “wonderful corporate citizen.” “Katrina was a life-changing event for the people of New Orleans and a historic event for the country,” Landrieu said.
But I think when you’ve got past something, you can talk openly about it.
It always brings some flood of pungent emotion, anyway, often different from whatever sentiment abounded under the comforting cover of night.
“I appreciate the dilemma Paul Ryan was in, but I’m disappointed,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee and someone who was expected to be a “yes” vote.
Cigarettes, adultery, illegal hooch and other jazz age vices.
Mr. Nézet-Séguin is the orchestra’s new music director, a rising star in the conducting world who has been recording for Deutsche Grammophon since 2008.
And she offers a benediction, elegant in its simplicity, to readers who take up the challenge to leave water within walls and head out into the unknown.
I’ve encouraged him to branch out, even one year giving to Doctors Without Borders (shhh – without his knowledge) because of their work in Haiti after the hurricane.
But will it become a multibillion dollar market, as major hardware makers and software developers alike hope?
The drawing, “Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio,” was valued at about $150,000, prosecutors said.
“We got away with it last year,” Reese said, referring to that ever-shifting line of N.F.L.
Liquipel’s process will not make the device waterproof, but will make it water-resistant enough to survive short accidental dunkings and ordinary splashes.
It has now published a book of images with accompanying posters and curriculums on the lives of women in Afghanistan.
It has been provoked by a leadership struggle within the A.N.C.
On the Grammys, and also on “Saturday Night Live,” he performed with a band set up behind podiums emblazoned with JT & The Tennessee Kids, a visual nod to swing bands and a gimmick that lands on the blue-eyed soul spectrum somewhere between throwback fetishist Mayer Hawthorne and earnest cheese ball Robin Thicke.
The report announced on Friday was passed by the commission by a 9-to-6 vote.
But there were other factors, Mr. Pattison said.
Yet the advertising business is changing under its feet.
1200 MILES Pierre Rougey is the chef at this intersection of Southern France and North Africa, with some American elements, like the obligatory burger, thrown in for good measure.
Blackmore’s Night, Renaissance and rock.
They said I looked younger.” Without facial hair, Uehara posted a career-low 1.09 E.R.A.
“Believe it or not, Paul Ryan is a good friend,” she said.
This musical from Vital Theater Company has reopened downtown so more fans can see the adventures of the little girl who wants everything to be fancy — especially herself.
“We respect Judge Fitzwater’s decision,” Mr. Cuban’s lawyers, Christopher J. Clark of Latham & Watkins and Stephen Best of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, wrote in an e-mailed statement.
A suicide car bomber struck a security force’s convoy on Thursday in northern Somalia, killing at least seven people and wounding 37, local officials and witnesses said.
If that is true, why have few noticed it before?
And in both transactions, Bain has been a primary beneficiary.
But no team in the conference came remotely close to the Patriots’ ability to force turnovers this season.
Outside the presence of the jury, Sean Coffey, a lawyer for Mr. Tourre, briefly sparred with Mr. Martens.
The price of carbon allowances, shown in green lights on a board hanging from the ceiling, was creeping up toward three euros.
HUNTINGTON “The Times They Were A-Changing — 1960s: Huntington’s Response,” young artists’ interpretations of the 1960s mixed with a new exhibition of displays of the decade’s art, culture, fashion, literature and music.
But later, when investigators with the office of Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, asked Mr. Castro about the YouTube interview, he first denied having given it; then he claimed to have forgotten that he participated; and then he said he had not discussed his cooperation on the show — all lies, he admitted to a federal judge in Manhattan on Tuesday.
At nearly $600 on eBay, it isn’t cheap.
For a sample of what is being said in South Korea this week, here is some of what three Seoul residents told Su Hyun Lee of The Times this week.
He is not Ed Koch charming.” Even as Mr. Spitzer seemed to agree with Ms. Matalin, he pointed out that Mr. Koch was not considered charming when he won the mayoralty in 1977.
In 2008, amid growing controversy, the state severed ties with Dr. Hayne, who to this day insists that he was treated unfairly.
Sylvie Kauffmann was the first woman to serve as editor of Le Monde, under the director Éric Fottorino.
,” by Ross Douthat (column, Oct. 27), provides an important elevation of our dialogue on the Affordable Care Act.
One young man said he largely ignored current events outside of his Facebook feed, and then had to explain to the prosecutor, Mr. de la Rionda, what a news feed was.
In recent years, Peru has passed laws to crack down on illegal logging, as required by a 2007 free trade agreement with the United States.
His father, Julius, ran a silk and textile business where his mother, Anne, sometimes worked.
The Atlantic experiment conforms to my own experience.
The defense of caveat emptor, or let the buyer beware, will not necessarily protect against criminal charges for fraud.
(SoundScan’s publicly reported numbers are rounded.)
The current incarnation of Fame with a capital F — the white noise of TMZ, endorsement deals for social-media sensations still in high school, and, perhaps, a weariness with celebrity cross-pollinations (who hasn’t Marina Abramovic worked with at this point?)
They were totally different fish.” In a statement, Matthew Bennett, senior vice president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, said the study yielded “somewhat expected results” because of its higher-than-natural concentrations.
He is wearing a sort of learner’s helmet, with a face shield and a mouth guard.
The walls are wood paneling, and not just any wood but exotic burl wood.
Altair offers bone growth technology, which it says encourages industrial designers to take a new approach to their work by using the principles of nature and biomimicry.
In New York, the left-hander Jon Niese, who has been recovering from a rotator cuff injury, was told that he could resume throwing and expect to rejoin the team this season.
Hamas has been seen to make efforts to enforce a cease-fire along the Israel-Gaza border that was brokered by Egypt after a fierce round of cross-border fighting last November.
STYLE The Table for Three interview last Sunday, with Roseanne Barr and Mindy Kaling, misidentified the character in “Roseanne” whose first menstrual period was the subject of one episode.
It is always about the next practice, the next meeting, the next film study, the next session in the weight room.
My own creed is “It’s simple or impossible.” To date I’ve written more than 1,000 impossibles.
“Public service was never meant to be an easy living,” an emotional Mr. Boehner said after he took the gavel from Representative Nancy Pelosi, referring to the tough decisions facing Congress.
Later, they were best men at each other’s weddings.
Ms. Cherney was taken to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and is recovering from her wounds.
“I won’t be resigning,” Mackay said following the game.
But what about newer dwellings, like manufactured housing and millennium mansions?
Nevsky Prostor has an apartment listing on Rubinshteyna Street, a step from Nevsky Prospect, that was built in 1876.
“We’re running out of time,” said Andy Pineda of the Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District.
And if one-sixth of humanity starts going through an unstable and uncertain political/economic transition, it will shake the world.
The back of one wrist rested on his forehead Blanche DuBois-style as the other hand sneaked down his overalls.
Analysts also believe the end of the federal program will lead to an increase in poverty.
Don’t be a chief executive if you don’t like risk.
BART’s management and its two largest unions, the Service Employees International Union and the Amalgamated Transit Union, resumed negotiating on Thursday, a day after a public hearing showed how far apart the two sides stood on crucial issues — so far that they could not even agree on how many tens of millions of dollars separated them from a deal.
His quirky croak of a voice lent a personal poignancy to numbers like “I Won’t Last a Day Without You,” “You and Me Against the World” and “We’ve Only Just Begun,” songs that bridged the classic American songbook and 1970s soft rock.
Ikea storage units mingle with velvet settees; garlic cloves come in three-pound bags.
Jeter, who turned 39 on June 26, is eligible — but not certain — to come off the D.L.
East’s double was unwise, marking him with all four trumps.
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
I had a habit of, two or three times a week, checking to see what the upcoming shows at Maxwell’s were.” Maxwell’s has offered a stylistically broad menu over the years, though its openness to indie rockers has brought it the most attention.
“When I tasted it, I was like, ‘Whoa,’ ” said Jean-Georges Vongerichten , who plans to start incorporating the chickens into his ever-evolving menus.
“Time, money, and I wasted time with my children.” In 2002, Ms. Murray moved to St. Stephen, S.C., where she had family, and continued to struggle with her guilt for years.
The troupe’s “Wintuk,” from years past, came across as cold and distant at the Theater at Madison Square Garden, but this production is far more welcoming and, as a result, far more thrilling.
Between sets, workers smooth the courts with the same sort of wide metal sweepers used to groom the infield dirt of baseball fields.
He obeyed the biblical decree to turn the other cheek, that “if someone hits you on the side of your face, let him hit the other side, too.” It’s a wonderful sentiment.
He purchased and developed ports in the United States.
Recently, I heard my mother reveal her experience to four friends who are devoted to protecting women’s right to choose.
“It’s what our fans want and our players want in Southern California,” said Haden, a former U.S.C.
To prepare the cabbage, remove the outer leaves and quarter a small head or 1/2 of a larger head.
The Brooklyn show, which originated at the Akron Art Museum in Ohio, also includes a number of the artist’s earlier and now-overlooked carved wood pieces, which are well worth studying.
Mr. Haider’s body was discovered Friday night near his home, after he had been savagely stabbed.
The midseason boot camp, Rodriguez told me, was designed to boost her game and to help her finish her season strong.
Adobe is just saying, “Trust us.” Whether you do or not, there’s no denying that the big picture has changed.
They hold out the possibility of escape from a globally desecrating commercial vortex, even as they — and we — tumble helplessly into it.
If he gets much worse, I will be forced to put him in a paddock by himself.
Would we agree with Shakespeare that nothing compares to the tedium of “a twice-told tale / Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man”?
What light can the experiences in those countries shine on how best to deal with hardship?
Each record took almost nine months.
What masterpiece better describes his situation than “No Exit”?
Perhaps that is the next hot publishing category.
‘IN 27 PIECES: THE HILARY HAHN ENCORES’ One of the encores for this violinist’s new album, to be released on Nov. 11.
“There are some issues that the church speaks authoritatively on, such as abortion, in protecting life,” said Mr. Lipinski, who remains skeptical about promises of increased border security.
Baxter learns the procedure and then repeats it.
The legislation lives on today, albeit in its weaker form.
We also found that temperatures in some regions were higher in the past then they were during the late 20th century and that, the longer the individual site record, the more likely it was to show prior warm intervals, which is consistent with the long-term cooling trend.
Starting Monday morning at 9 on BBC America, a “Doctor Who Takeover” will devote a week of programming to the Ninth (Christopher Eccleston), Tenth (David Tennant) and Eleventh (Matt Smith) Doctors; an examination of the science behind his time travel and his two hearts; and a retelling of the show’s genesis in “An Adventure in Space and Time,” Friday night at 9.
I’ve had it since 1964 or ’65.
And last year McDonald’s earned $5.5 billion in profits on $88 billion in sales.
“Where we go in, we go in to fix that house up, and we’re the best-looking house on the street when that goes through,” said Kent Clothier Sr., the senior partner of Memphis Invest , which buys and renovates homes, sells them to mostly out-of-town investors, then manages the property for them.
Develop and strengthen writing as needed by planning, revising, editing, rewriting or trying a new approach.
It is entirely caught up in the individuality of its heroine, who is viewed with affectionate detachment, and in the details of her environment, which are given a romantic lift by Sam Levy’s supple, shadowy monochrome cinematography and a musical soundtrack borrowed mostly from the great French film composer Georges Delerue .
“Fewer and fewer guards know how to move without the ball, and Donald was really good at that.
He also noted that Glaxo had provided all of the documentation to Duke, which he argued further compromised the independence of researchers.
It can be hard for small companies to engage in this kind of analysis because they don’t have the resources.
If she decides in the government’s favor, the civil suit would effectively be put on hold while federal prosecutors pursued the criminal charges.
His no-look bounce pass to a cutting Wade for a layup made the score 74-47.
“These designer headphones are sort of flavor of the month, and people will get tired of this sound eventually,” said Jim Anderson, a Grammy-winning audio engineer.
unit had given extra scrutiny to conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, saying repeatedly on Sunday that the president had learned about the matter only weeks ago.
With the exception of two Republican members of the bipartisan group who also sit on the Judiciary Committee — Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina — Mr. Hatch is considered the other Republican member most likely to support the bill, which would give it some conservative gravitas as it heads to the Senate floor.
The people close to the company also noted that Bloomberg’s sales agreement with subscribers disclosed that company employees had access to certain private information.
“I know the first guest, kind of,” he said, adding that he and his writers have “about four options” for how the first edition of the new “Tonight” show will open.
The signposts of strategic partnership will hopefully have sectors such as clean energy, innovation in science and technology, peaceful use of nuclear energy, space, education and skills development, securing global supply chains, interdict illicit finance flows and counterfeit currency, intelligence sharing, enhanced cyber security, and the expansion of trade and investment.
That’s what will lend meaning to the creed our fathers once declared.
If she swims well again, the spotlight will surely find Ledecky, just as it found Franklin.
Among the standouts: Mr. McKean oozing bland, oily menace as Hoover; Reed Birney as a put upon but loyal Hubert H. Humphrey, whom Johnson dispatches to do much of his behind-the-scenes politicking, holding out the promise of a vice-presidential slot; Dakin Matthews as Senator Richard B. Russell Jr., Democrat of Georgia, an ardent segregationist whom Johnson is shown using all his wiles to bring around; and William Jackson Harper as a doggedly determined Stokely Carmichael, of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, in scenes that depict the internecine warfare among the several black-led groups fighting for civil rights.
A single shot went through the back window and struck her in the shoulder and torso.
As Mr. Mandela looks beyond the fury of the moment and calculates the cost of urging violence, you sense his frustration at having to make the only reasonable choice and taking the high road.
The British attempt to deter this by a naval attack in the gulf had not been effective.
“He was staying at their house, and under what circumstances will be the subject matter of the investigation,” he added.
Nibbling and a discreet handoff are key: Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, now serving his final term, would often chomp one end of a hot dog before passing the frankfurter to a traveling aide, who would finish the rest.
In a rare move, Cyprus is trying to raise around 5.8 billion euros ($7.5 billion) from a one-time bank charge on local deposits.
Then the Italian government filed a petition with the Supreme Court arguing that because the shooting occurred in international waters that the trial could not be held in India.
When not focused on the singers, he eavesdrops on the production as it “becomes”: we see the orchestra, conducted by Louis Langrée, rehearsing; costume designers cutting cloth; backdrops being fitted into place; singers and tech people milling around with the busy boredom of a set.
Acthar Gel and used to treat various immune-related ailments.
In the stands, two signs held together read, “Our City,” a reference to the famous line Ortiz shouted to the crowd here just days after the Boston Marathon bombings.
She didn’t want to be seen even in the background.
But in September, Apollo hired China Business Network, which was able to arrange meetings with senior executives at Chinese state-owned companies and private equity funds, Mr. Anthis said.
A COMMERCIAL for the Wild Collection, a new line from Old Spice, opens on a formal party , where a square-jawed man in a tuxedo confidently descends a sweeping staircase as two snarling wolves cling to his shoulders with their forepaws.
What follows are excerpts that are most relevant for international students.
(A quick economics lesson, by way of TheStreet.com : “M is the money supply; V is velocity — the number of times per year the average dollar is spent; P is prices of goods and services; and Q is quantity of goods and services.
But they didn’t survive the developer.” (A manager, Sal Himani, said the restaurant hoped to return to the pier after the demolition.)
But after less than four hours of deliberation, a nine-person jury concluded that Mr. Cuban was not liable under federal securities laws, concluding that he did not commit insider trading when he dumped his stake in an Internet company.
Melissa Fleming, the chief spokeswoman for the refugee agency in Geneva, said in an e-mail that most of the camp had withstood the rainfall and that aid workers were expediting efforts to move families into prefabricated housing.
(Anderson) Sinead O’Connor (Friday through Sunday) This clarion-voiced Irish singer-songwriter renews her fame with each private qualm she enacts in public, from ripping a photo of the pope on “Saturday Night Live” in 1992 to airing the bizarre, drug-laced undoing of her abrupt marriage on Twitter two years back.
Sir’Dominic Pointer had 10 points for the Red Storm.
And because he has pledged not to raise taxes, when those revenues fail to materialize, he is left scrambling to drain money from other accounts to balance the state budget, relying on the gimmicks he once derided Mr. Corzine for using.
Mr. Bay, a muscular cinematic populist, refuses the easy route of satire, and the result is both repellent and impressive in its celebration of greed, hedonism and physical fitness.
Among the more than 100 works assembled for this retrospective, which runs through Feb. 23, are other well-known gems from masters like Brancusi and Picasso as well as less familiar modernist experiments from American artists like Robert Henri, Marsden Hartley, Maurice Prendergast and John Sloan that shared the cavernous Armory hall back in 1913.
Because of its proximity to the ocean, Chile’s seafood is delicious and abundant, even up in Valle Nevado.
It just felt completely right.” They were married on April 26 at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau.
The triple meltdown at Fukushima in 2011 is already considered the world’s worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl.
As a transgender woman, I find it impossible not to look back and wonder, if I’d been female from birth, would I have taken quite so well to Chopper’s method, which, even though I came to love him, did include more than a small measure of intimidation.
But for the remainder of this engagement, he has one eminent substitute in the bassist Ron Carter.
WHY do you think it took that much time?
But because their marriage was not recognized, Ms. Windsor had a federal estate tax bill of $363,000.
Learn more about the word “ detonation ” and see usage examples across a range of subjects on the Vocabulary dictionary .
My Morning Jacket, the Wallflowers and Grizzly Bear will perform free concerts in Times Square on Oct. 12 as part of the second annual CBGB Music and Film Festival , the event’s organizers said.
A problem we have, in discovery, is that the horse’s hoof is unique.
a pat on the back, the Georgia senator Paul Coverdell, a Republican, wrote a letter complaining about its “indiscriminate and inappropriate use of extreme enforcement tactics” against “honest farmers who are simply trying to get their products from the field to the marketplace.” The I.N.S.
If those unable or unwilling to meet these standards gave up their guns, there might well be a lot fewer gun owners.
But it’s radically incomplete, and potentially self-defeating.
“That is where our players stay and we were uncomfortable with the numerous autograph seekers,” Lonn Trost, the team’s chief operating officer, said.
The Departed There’s a tug-of-war going on inside the Departed.
“I just watched the umpires,” Wright said.
Mary Anne, a lifelong reader, and Will, then the editor in chief of a major publishing house, began trading books to discuss when Will accompanied his mother to her chemotherapy sessions.
“Venezuela is a baseball country,” Sojo said after the game.
Food and drinks can be had to stay or to go, but why would anyone choose to go?
Not surprisingly, some veteran baseball observers again complained that things were becoming too mathematically abstract, even though the sport had always been statistics-obsessed.
Over the last seven years, according to calculations by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, mutual fund investors worldwide have poured a net $1.1 trillion into bond funds, and taken $900 billion out of stock funds.
Repeat 10 to 20 times and then switch legs.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m.
“She is concerned with some aspects of health reform, specifically the regulatory burden placed on small businesses, and believes Congress must come together to provide businesses additional tax relief.” Ms. Grimes, the secretary of state, may face a tough campaign in a state that handed Mr. Obama a 23-point defeat last November.
I would think these fundamental issues need to be revisited before the government tacks on another day to an already grim working week.
Mr. Camp’s proposal got relatively little attention in the media, although it has set off alarm bells in some Wall Street precincts, where it threatens to dismantle some cherished ways that Wall Street has invented to allow banks to profit by taking a cut of tax benefits they offer to customers.
Noon to 5 p.m., with gates opening at 11:30 a.m., (609) 588-0085, newjerseywines.com.
Florida’s lineup, coached by Kevin Dineen, is liberally sprinkled with promising young prospects, including the 20-year-old forward Jonathan Huberdeau, last season’s N.H.L.
Although a commercial enterprise, the building certainly had a civic grandeur.
Turkey refuses to take particular responsibility for the mass deaths of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire, let alone call the event a genocide, as the French Parliament has done.
— Kevin Langan A reader named Fredegunde from Pennsylvania responds: I was there that day, and, indeed, seeing and hearing the members of the NYCO holding the flag and singing the national anthem was a chilling and disturbing experience — particularly Mark Delavan who, in makeup, looked like an avenging spirit.
On Fox News on Sunday, Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan insisted the story was wrong in finding that “Al Qaeda was not involved in this.” “There was some level of pre-planning; we know that,” he said.
Those bets, which roiled the market and earned Mr. Iksil the moniker the London Whale, began to sour last year.
“It’s just like the prince left among the paupers,” said Mr. Murray, who learned of his adoption when he was about 11.
He added his own clever touches: snatches of Messiaen and Charlie Parker in “Tweety Bird”; percussive water jugs to imitate the Road Runner’s tongue wags.
But I don’t see confusion in these images.
The new pope has done things that might well have caused more controversy on his predecessor’s watch.
Among individual member states, Greece remained the worst hit, with a depression-level 27.9 percent jobless rate in June, the latest month for which data is available.
During a blackout David Fishel’s sound design conjured a storm, and the life raft, yellow and round and the size of a large kiddie pool, crashed onto the floor.
“Seconds later the feeling is gone, but the moment is so important.” Evelyn Herlitzius, the unforgettable Elektra at the Aix-en-Provence festival this year, sees a case of arrested development.
For directors at those companies, the chance of being replaced for poor performance was only 0.6 percent, or approximately three-fifths the probability at banks and financial firms.
“There are other cards out there that might give you more value, with lower fees, offering, say, big sign-up bonuses,” he said.
Conditions are particularly dire in Jonglei, a large, swampy territory where ethnic conflict is keeping at least 100,000 civilians from receiving aid.
Dr. Khaled is seen advising the soldiers and the police not to “let anybody make you question your faith.” He added: “The day you wore that uniform and these boots, and you made that salute, and you stood up in your line — you’re not doing a job for a commander, you’re working for God.” Dr. Gomaa, the former mufti, said in a television interview that he had spoken for 30 minutes before a video camera at the military’s Moral Affairs department, and the resulting video had been shown to soldiers and police officers across the country “to keep up their spirits.” He said he did not mean to authorize the killing of peaceful Morsi supporters; rather, he said he was referring to use of force against what he described as “an armed rebellion against the ruler.” But he insisted that the unrest since the military takeover amounted to a clash between two armed groups.
He flew to Toronto for a rendezvous.
The victim does not open and close the case.” He added: “Cases are brought in the name of the state of Florida, not in the name of the victim.
We have these studies on India, Sri Lanka and Ghana, where, in some sense, they’re doing Stage 2.
Commercial drones could also become the newest tool for companies seeking to collect consumer data, said Parker Higgins, an activist at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a San Francisco-based digital rights group.
The second was a penalty after Dante, the most complacent of the Bayern defenders, impeded James Milner.
After one fight, he was put in a straitjacket and hospitalized for 10 days.
“Someone is finally thinking on the right track,” said the Syrian, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal.
But Mr. Hopkins’s hiring was reported by Bloomberg and Reuters and was confirmed by a person with direct knowledge of it who insisted on anonymity because Hulu’s staff had not been notified of the appointment yet.
Some Republicans may vote for him.
Day 2: Walk 10 miles on trails from Muir Beach to Stinson Beach, which is sort of the Hamptons of Northern California.
Haiti has just had the 19th edition of its largest book festival, Livres en Folie, which featured 129 authors and over a thousand titles.
That’s where Dropcam’s secure, cloud-recording service comes in handy.
Studies have all found the same thing, according to groups who advise and advocate for women in tech, including Astia and the Anita Borg Institute : Diversity benefits research, development and innovation, the heartbeat of Silicon Valley.
The agreement could bring major, much-needed change to Tennessee.
A federal judge on Thursday approved a settlement of the matter, in which the investment bank will pay $7.5 million to eToys creditors.
Coppola: I feel like when I finish one, the next one is always a reaction to the one before.
Waters, a Democrat, said she was ready to defend the law but also asked bankers to compile a “laundry list” of concerns.
The fact is, I’ve been your dream president; you’ve just spent four years coming up with reasons not to notice.
Moody’s data shows global default rates were at 2.6 percent last year, well below the 4.8 percent historical average.
And though Blair was only a reserve outfielder for the Yankees in their championship years of 1977 and 1978, his 12th-inning single gave the Yankees a walk-off win over the Dodgers in the 1977 opening game, setting the team on the path to its first World Series title in 15 years.
But it’s also a painting about sky and cloud-filtered light, and about the world perfected and seen from a bird’s-eye, God’s-eye perspective.
“I take the positive stuff that he did, whether that’s working hard every day or being a good teammate,” Max Domi said.
The announcement was made as hospice supporters gathered for a candlelight vigil on the State Capitol steps to protest the cut.
Japan has one of the largest gender gaps in the world.
DealBook » Sign up for the DealBook Newsletter , delivered every morning and afternoon.
Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m., Sunday at 3 p.m., Peter Jay Sharp Theater, Lincoln Center, 155 West 65th Street, (212) 721-6500, juilliard.edu/newdances; $30, $15 for patrons, students and 62+ (at box office only).
This tweet portrayed the Australian government’s stance as behind the curve: By the time Australia passes gay marriage, New Zealand would have already discovered teleportation.
In the 1990s, after the breakup of the Soviet Union, Russia was besieged by mob wars in which gangsters publicly killed their enemies, but such violence has dropped sharply over the past decade.
The current captain, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, was born and raised in Ranchi, a small city by Indian standards in the eastern coal belt.
The next day he took aim at Israel’s nuclear arsenal in a public speech in the morning, and at night wooed his country’s influential, often skeptical diaspora with a banquet for 800.
Some of his most powerful songs are the cloudiest.
“That’s what you reminded us: to push on, to persevere,” he said.
But he’s the furthest thing from that.” Webb added: “They tried to antagonize him, and he rose above it.
He was Pedro (Nona) Castro, not Julio.
Ending the sale of assault rifles, high-capacity magazines and other facilitators of mass murder is a good start.
The next few weeks will tell whether France improved the deal or threw it off the rails and lost it.
Difret /Ethiopia (Director and screenwriter: Zeresenay Berhane Mehari) — Meaza Ashenafi is a young lawyer who operates under the government’s radar helping women and children until one young girl’s legal case exposes everything, threatening not only her career but her survival.
Mr. Sokhin acknowledged on Tuesday night that he had failed to disclose his relationship with Mr. Petit-Phar to the reporter writing about his photographs.
As Ms. Kligman detailed in a new introduction to the 1999 edition of her memoir, “Love Affair: A Memoir of Jackson Pollock,” the artist was on the lawn when she brought him his paint and the sticks he used.
Where modern Halloween is mercantile, Samhain is magical; where Halloween is juvenile, Samhain is adult.
Roger Director, whose desk faced Hollander’s, said he always thought it looked like a detective’s office.
PIRATES 4, REDS 1 Marlon Byrd had three hits, and Pedro Alvarez hit a two-run homer for visiting Pittsburgh in the opener of a three-game series.
Depression may lower the effectiveness of the shingles vaccine, a new study found.
Bryant and Howard have clashed.
Yet his response seems to contradict what the Mexican foreign minister, José Antonio Meade Kuribreña, said of security and immigration during a lengthy interview to the Spanish daily El País days before Obama’s visit: “ México is an actor and a counterpart and is interested in the two debates.
But how long can that last?
These critics have argued that the public interest is not served when the agency settles cases and imposes sanctions without explaining to the public the basis for the penalty.
Didi Kirsten Tatlow reports from Beijing.
aid to be made independent from United States aid.
Most treat online attacks as a dirty secret best kept from customers, shareholders and competitors, lest the disclosure sink their stock price and tarnish them as hapless.
They were in the rough Bayview neighborhood of San Francisco in a new, colorful building, which used to be an abandoned auto shop.
The San Antonio Spurs’ reputation as exemplars of team basketball is well founded: no team is better at using passing and movement to derive a greater whole from five players.
That was the sharpest increase since February.
Deanne Summer, 54, was one of them.
Most of them say that this was one of their most powerful experiences at our school.
The Red Bulls’ other designated player, the captain Thierry Henry, played 57 minutes for the M.L.S.
We want them to grow up and when they become adults, then they can decide for themselves.” Mutko then added: “I think mass media in the west or outside of Russia, they focus on this law much more than we do in Russia.
Senate Democrats said they would not support it.
Outdoor Channel could be described as the more politically correct and less sensationalistic competitor to Sportsman Channel, focusing on hunting and fishing.
“Give your mommy a big hug.” “Make a silly face.” “No whining, be happy.” When they are blue, the girls read them still.
The lean silhouette left an impression, like a dashed-off line on an illustrator’s page, but Mr. Anderson didn’t seem in command of an idea beyond that.
When a reporter, who met the group randomly and joined them on several afternoons, remarked that the whole thing resembled the opening scene in the deli in Woody Allen’s “Broadway Danny Rose,” Mr. Sommerfeld said, “Will was in that scene” and pointed to Mr. Jordan.
His world has turned digital.
I have not visited Sri Lanka, and probably won’t anytime soon, but it’s my new fantasy.
I invite you to visit or revisit the five-part series, in which the panelists offered advice about college fit, comparing value, weighing prestige, and paying for college: For the introductory post, which includes links to the five-part series, read “ Seeking Your Questions on Making the Final College Decision .” You might also consider how other Times readers are dealing with their decision-making process.
The Anglo Irish bailout turned out to cost tens of billions of euros from Irish taxpayers and the European Union.
“It’s like calling something Blackwater Stadium,” a critic told Greg Bishop of The Times.
It could indicate that the country will attempt to show that it can manufacture a warhead small enough to fit on a missile, though that technology of miniaturization is extremely difficult.
“The kids — aside the fact that it was a robot — they treated him like Connor.
It’s too ostentatious, too antique, too suggestive of a “ Dynasty”-era Diahann Carroll billowing taxicab-yellow fumes of Giorgio Beverly Hills.
It has furloughed hundreds of thousands of workers and delayed their paychecks, curtailing activity in an economy that is still operating below par.
There was a lot of pressure for him.
James Carlos Blake is the author, most recently, of the novel “The Rules of Wolfe: A Border Noir.”
And what would happen if he did?
“As Paul Farhi at The Washington Post pointed out … The Weekly Standard ‘hadn’t published anything on the trial, according to a search of the Nexis database.’ Neither did Ross Douthat.
“We’re going to get a little sticker shock at the pump,” said Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at GasBuddy.com, a Web site that monitors gasoline prices.
This control allowed politicians in Southern states to restrict benefits for low-income families, whatever their color.
“This is not a weight-loss program,” Dr. Tjonna says.
Environmental groups, including the Sierra Club and the Center for Biological Diversity , are suing the Bureau of Land Management and the Department of Conservation to prevent the opening up of further land to oil exploration and to enforce stricter environmental practices.
The Mint is my local karaoke spot.
Tensions between Saudi Arabia and the United States over Washington’s approach to the Middle East were brewing for months before they burst into the open last week.
Which has led to some maddeningly unpredictable honors and snubs.
When something works well, prosecutors have a tendency to copy it for other investigations.
“This is a problem with society.
PRINCETON “A Republic in the Wilderness: Treasures of American History From Jamestown to Appomattox,” historical manuscripts, autographs, letters, rare books, maps, broadsides, prints, photographs and other original materials.
He argued that they would hurt development and city planning and would undermine local governments.
Air raid drills were the norm for American grade school kids in the Cold War 1950s.
Or, put another way, “You want a big name you can trot out before corporate boards.” Mr. Khuzami’s name has circulated around Wall Street for decades.
On an earnings call on Thursday, John C. Gerspach, Citigroup’s chief financial officer, hinted at the banking industry’s continuing legal woes.
When James was weighing his future in 2010, Polk, the comedian, produced a video called “We Are LeBron,” set to the tune of “We Are the World,” with notable Clevelanders including the city clerk and a well-known furniture pitchman begging James to stay.
“You want me to cry?
It tackles an essential subject in the age of technocracy — the limits of technocratic thinking as a basis for policy.
Nothing encourages hateful remarks more than anonymity.
Although he is not expected ever to govern again, with his media savvy and pie-in-the-sky offers of tax refunds, Mr. Berlusconi now trails the front-runner, Pierluigi Bersani, the leader of the Democratic Party, by about five or six points, according to a range of opinion polls published on Friday.
Then he will skip around the court, right fist clenched, thumping his chest, howling into the night, rousing the masses.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m. Byrdcliffe Kleinert/James Center for the Arts, 36 Tinker Street.
In a budget couch, Mr. De Angelis said, “you could see plywood frames that are stapled together, with foam rubber inside.
In the West Wing basement is the president’s national security team, most of whom are deemed essential.
The resort claims the distinction of being the nation’s largest indoor-and-outdoor water park.
The groom’s mother is a mental health counselor for the American Red Cross of Westchester County in White Plains.
Mr. Timbers’s calendar was not at issue, the spokeswoman said, although he faces a busy season: He is directing the new musical “The Last Goodbye” at the Old Globe in early fall, then turning to the Broadway-bound musical “Rocky,” which is scheduled to begin preview performances in February 2014.
Lalua said that he wanted to eat satua, as gram flour is called in Bihar, which is commonly eaten in many parts of India.
The two older sons agree to their father’s terms and swear loyalty to him and to each other.
]… These results are, in fact, of a similar order of magnitude to the detailed country by country results we present in table 1 of the AER paper, and to the median results in Figure 2.
My hobby is to go out to dinner to different places.
Time to face that frustratingly blank page again.
Most of my time was spent in a four-door Crew Cab SLT with part-time 4-wheel drive and the Pentastar V-6 with the 8-speed automatic.
The bank, which agreed to settle the New York case, was accused of routing 28,000 payments worth about $100 billion on behalf of Iran and other countries blacklisted from doing business in the United States.
Fridays, said in the statement.
My father used to spend summer days at our house on eastern Long Island making vats of lemony hummus and towers of Iraqi flatbread, asking my mother to wipe his brow as he twirled a shriveling eggplant over a flame for smoky baba ghanouj.
Coghlan spent part of last season in the minors and is no longer an everyday player.
Most are complimentary to a fault, tiptoeing as gingerly as possible around potential controversy or insult.
It has hardened into something stronger: it has become a habit, a question of principle, a ritual.
Officials at the college, whose 2,100 students make it the size of some high schools, decided last year to eliminate the athletic department.
Believe me, I can say no.
I don’t.” Ms. Loughner said that she told Jared that “he needed to go see someone about it” but that he never did.
Still, the Rays, who have advanced to the playoffs three times in the last four seasons, remain in solid postseason contention, with a 70-52 record that had them percentage points ahead of the Oakland Athletics in the American League wild-card race.
Mamaroneck Artists Guild, 126 Larchmont Avenue.
(A bonus is the price; tickets for my fourth-ring seats ranged from $20 to $89 each versus the most expensive orchestra seats at $150 to $159.)
The main difference between the men?
Whereas “The Kite Runner” focused on the dynamic between fathers and sons, and “Splendid Suns” on that between mothers and daughters, this novel tells its story through the prism of sibling relationships — a theme refracted through the lives of several pairs of brothers and sisters.
“In a sense, you’re never done.”
But Palatucci supporters, particularly within the church and among those who have promoted him for sainthood, have criticized the debunkers, saying the charges are really a veiled attack on the pope.
The report noted that Honda may use the same module that resulted in the recall last year of about 745,000 2002-3 Jeep Liberty and 2002-4 Jeep Grand Cherokee models.
I strongly recommend Mr. Goldstein’s forthright remarks, which start about one minute into the “commentators” section of the audio recording (click on Item 2 in the audio file; a written version of his remarks is also available).
“We anticipated developing faster, but the world became a different place in 2009,” he said, referring to the financial crisis.
Hill has not only now fully paid, prior to sentencing, her taxes, which are part of her criminal restitution, but she has additionally fully paid her federal and state personal taxes for the entire period under examination,” her attorney, Nathan Hochman, said in an e-mail sent to Reuters .
He was right, of course.
To biologists, this deeply monogamous way of life — found in 9 percent of mammal species — is puzzling.
In a pair of orders, Judge Martin Glenn blessed a recent deal struck among MF Global’s bankruptcy trustees and authorized a payout that will bring most customers to 93 percent of their original investment, up from 80 percent.
But the weather finally cooperated Sunday, with the wind averaging 11.4 knots in the first race and 12.9 knots in the second.
The first stop will be somewhere in the meatpacking district at 11 a.m. on Thursday (you’ll have to look for it).
“The funding is the million-dollar question, literally,” said Ms. Camp, of the Texas Association Against Sexual Assault.
These deals are crucial paths to power for minor parties.
Jozy Altidore scored off a dazzling cutback by Fabian Johnson in the 73rd minute and the United States defeated Honduras, 1-0, to complete a three-game sweep of this month’s qualifiers and send the team’s top players on vacation in style.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"}
And no one ever confirmed to the job has come to it with as deep a grounding in both the theory and practice of monetary and regulatory policy as Ms. Yellen would bring.
Soon after she arrived in a penal colony in Mordovia in late 2012, Nadezhda (Nadya) Tolokonnikova, the leader of the protest punk group Pussy Riot, asked for a copy of Anatoly Marchenko’s “ My Testimony, ” an exhaustive accounting of the life of Soviet political prisoners.
The two were convicted, along with Rudy Guede, a Perugino born in Ivory Coast, whose footprint and DNA matched the grisly trail in the room where Kercher’s half-naked body was found under a comforter, her throat slit.
And the number of cats in her 1,100-square-foot condominium grew.
But Mr. Kubelka, a longtime professor, addresses much more here than his own modernist oeuvre.
They have to develop strategies for working together.
Which is, of course, a marketer’s dream.
Sales of a promising leukemia drug, Iclusig, are being suspended because of “the risk of life-threatening blood clots and severe narrowing of blood vessels,” the Food and Drug Administration said on Thursday.
Some may be super at French, but miserable at Hungarian.
Leigh Fermor, revered by the local residents for his wartime exploits, loomed a Zorba-like figure, always in the thick of things whenever a bottle of ouzo appeared, and the dancing started on the beach.
The rally and the reported incursion underscore the tangled history of territory in Northeast Asia and the friction it causes.
The difficulty with a national industrial policy is that it places those decisions in the hands of government officials who are remote from the local expertise and insights that companies draw on for dynamic innovation.
And the 1980s is another period that has found a mirror image in the spring/summer 2014 collections.
You’ll remember that Andy Samberg tied a tie around his waist and wore a psychedelic Speedo, and that deli meats and cheeses were thrown, leading someone to yell, “That’s a waste of manchego!,” and that Andre Braugher said, “It’s over, Disco Man; put down the yo-yo and back away from the girl” in his voice-of-God baritone.
Mr. Brahimi was appointed the joint envoy last August.
The former Italian banker had also sparred with the company’s shareholders, including the rival European telecom giant Telefónica, over efforts to revive Telecom Italia’s flagging fortunes.
The teams meet twice more before Sochi, Saturday in St. Paul and Dec. 30 in Toronto.
1 on the paperback list is the first volume of the new “Hawkeye” series, written by Matt Fraction.
Facebook said on Friday that it would remove ads from pages that contain controversial content, as it tries to protect advertisers from appearing next to offensive material beyond their control.
In 1981, the Ghetto Brothers began performing under the name “Street the Beat” and achieved a measure of success.
The company has also started a public awareness campaign intended to tear down the stereotype of lackluster rent-a-cops and to reassure its clients and the public.
Matsuzaka, in particular, encountered adversity after his first two seasons in Boston.
They are all Muslims and personally devout, but deeply distrustful of the political Islamism of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Bus drivers standing on a picket line in Queens described a route that involves taking one student from Manhattan to a program in New Jersey, where the driver waits until the student is ready to go home.
“All the players are in this together, regardless of what race they are.
They were .22-caliber rifles, not .22-millimeter.
But they never have, nearly three years now.
But also consider heading to Historische Bratwurstküche zum Gulden Stern , a half-timbered restaurant that claims to be the oldest sausage kitchen in the world, and try Nürnberger Bratwurst on a plate of pungent sauerkraut cooked over a beechwood fire (7.20 euros for 6, or $9 at $1.26 to the euro; 12.30 euros for 12).
He knows where they are going to strike.
For dessert, there is lemon (rhubarb and strawberries will be better in a month) in a festive riff on lemon meringue pie, served in individual ramekins.
On the other hand, it’s possible that this musical’s demographic won’t give a fig about any of the above as they await “Headlines,” “Spice Up Your Life” and “Wannabe,” to name just a few of the Spice Girls standards that get duly trotted out.
Actual help has been much rarer but a lot better.
In the last days of November, Israel’s top military commanders called the Pentagon to discuss troubling intelligence that was showing up on satellite imagery: Syrian troops appeared to be mixing chemicals at two storage sites, probably the deadly nerve gas sarin, and filling dozens of 500-pounds bombs that could be loaded on airplanes.
On a recent afternoon, in conference at the end of the counter display, the towering and soft-spoken Mr. Kuna listed the shop’s primary offerings for a visitor: slab bacon, fried bacon, single smoked loin, double smoked loin, two loins wrapped in bacon, smoked spare ribs, smoked shoulder, Black Forest ham.
One of the first hands he shook belonged to a toddler.
I don’t look at documents.
But mostly the Vuitton show recalled the romantic sensuality of John Galliano in his early days.
It seems likely that the Chinese will require a few more cultural revolutions before it can brand effectively and compete at the top of the economic food chain.
Bethel Woods Craft Beer Festival, with live music by Amy Helm and the Handsome Strangers.
“I played rugby in the seventh and eighth grade,” he said.
Our exclusive was dimmed that day by the shocking, cocaine-related death of the Maryland all-American Len Bias, drafted that very week by the Boston Celtics.
According to the suit, filed Dec. 14 in District Court in Salt Lake County, Ms. Steed made a career of pulling over drivers who she claimed were driving drunk or under the influence.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans recently: GRANT, Christopher O., 20, Lance Cpl., Marines; Richwood, La.
At Saturday’s season openers, no messages were written on the ice reminding fans of the lockout, a contrast to the return to play after the 2004-5 lockout, when the N.H.L.
The danger of the Perisic precedent is not merely theoretical.
A man and a woman were shot and killed in a parked car in the West Ward of Newark, N.J. , Saturday afternoon.
Speaker John Boehner started using the Twitter hashtag #ObamaFlightDelays , the latest effort in his party’s campaign to blame all the pain of the sequester on the Obama administration while claiming all the credit for its effect on reducing the deficit.
In this case the fool would be James Franco, who directed and stars in the first film adaptation of a book that has long been considered unfilmable.
But I can’t because there isn’t one.
Mr. Obama laid out three areas in which to seek agreement with Republicans — a longer-term spending deal, an immigration overhaul and a farm bill.
“If we take a nutrient-centric approach, just looking at sugar grams on the label, none of this is evident,” Dr. Ludwig said.
Having witnessed the Egyptian uprising in Tahrir Square in Cairo in 2011, I was eager to compare it with the protests by Turkish youths here in Taksim Square in 2013.
In recent months, lawmakers have introduced two bills that aim to do more to rein in large banks.
JOHN TAURANAC New York, Jan. 29, 2013
See them in the comments below.
The electricity crunch in New England that I wrote about on Feb. 15 persists, and it is clearly related to a shortage of natural gas pipeline capacity relative to growing demand.
The South African dance company Via Katlehong began in 1992 as an effort to siphon young men off the tough streets of Katlehong, a township near Johannesburg.
Noble has announced finds of 35 trillion cubic feet and said last year that about 20 percent of it is in Cypriot waters.
In a joint appearance in Dallas, both former Pentagon chiefs, Robert M. Gates and Leon E. Panetta, were critical of Mr. Obama for asking Congress to authorize the use of force against Syria in retaliation over its use of chemical weapons.
Other staples on her and Ms. Sherman’s lists?
CADENCE The nonsensical barking by quarterbacks awaiting the snap, using mostly repetitive nouns to remind teammates of the play’s basic instructions or just to sound in charge.
They are doing a demo for their debut album.
As Philip and Elizabeth Jennings, Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys comport themselves with various identities and do a lot of costumed sleeping around, in the service of a Soviet cold war victory.
A unanimous jury verdict after a four-day trial last month made Detective Chief Inspector April Casburn, 53, the first person to be convicted of a criminal offense in the phone hacking scandal, which has enveloped Mr. Murdoch’s newspaper domain in Britain for 30 months.
“But at the end of the day, we all put our egos aside and did what was best for the sport and the Slams and the tour.” Federer, the 17-time Grand Slam champion, remains president of the player council.
But both these guys are really strong mentally.
Mr. Wyss lives in Bogotá, Colombia, but periodically visits Venezuela.
Confusion and anxiety rose in Kenya on Tuesday as results from the presidential election were delayed by electronic breakdowns and officials announced a late-night change in tabulating votes, leading several observers to predict that a runoff might follow.
His CreoleJoe Band seeks an amalgam of groove, with collaborators like the Zydeco accordionist C. J. Chenier and the R&B singer and guitarist Ray Parker Jr. At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 475-8592, bluenote.net; $45 cover at tables, $30 at the bar, with a $5 minimum.
The league prohibits its employees, and players and coaches, from selling their tickets for a profit, and has disciplined those it has caught doing so in the past, but the practice remains relatively common and lightly policed.
In other words: good luck.
(Economists like to measure the cost of different things people consume in terms of price per util , an economic measure of happiness.)
Meanwhile, look for Oakland to draft D.J.
The Mets’ outfield has been portrayed as one of baseball’s worst, the bleakest component of a wholly uninspiring team.
I would do that less often in China, because our associates are more likely to feel embarrassed to be singled out.
Historical research has played its part in all these cases, but not all historians are happy with the way things are turning out.
Michael E. Webber, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Texas at Austin and a co-director of the clean energy incubator there, cautioned that there were still a lot of “engineering kinks to sort out.” He called the resulting gas “a wonderful fuel, but it’s a pain in the neck to make.” The technology might be economical in a place like Japan, where natural gas prices are higher, he said.
“The Son” is much too intimate and immediate to let these big themes overshadow its more personal storytelling.
Lacking health insurance or fearing the stigma of being seen at an abortion clinic, thousands of Texas residents every year are already making covert use of this pill or trying other methods to induce abortions on their own, according to Dr. Dan Grossman, an obstetrician in the San Francisco Bay Area and vice president of Ibis Reproductive Health , a nonprofit research group.
It’s the location that nails it.
Your Thanksgiving may be happier in anticipation of cooking these; I hope so.
The solid increase in retail sales showed that Americans kept spending despite a payroll tax increase that has lowered take-home pay this year for most workers.
Back when Harden was sixth man of the year, many insisted that when he took on a bigger role, he would not be able to sustain his per-minute production.
The more important precedent, he said, may concern international law and what he portrayed as Mr. Obama’s dismissive attitude toward whether or not having permission from the Security Council should stop humanitarian interventions.
An 1874 account of the Manhattan Abattoir from 34th to 35th Street mentions another tunnel under 12th Avenue to that killing plant.
During the Second World War, habeas corpus was suspended several times — most notably in Hawaii after the Pearl Harbor attack — but afterward such suspensions became rare.
It is an immigrant success story.
The couple offered the asking price of $475,000; monthly charges were just over $500.
As he approached Zeelenberg’s door, Stapel wondered if his colleague was having problems with his new girlfriend.
Wade said, “That was great, that was cool, for us the best thing that happened in the preseason.” Shane Battier called the moment of Oden’s dunk “the most emotion I’ve ever felt in a preseason game in 13 years, seeing that goofy smile on his face.” Even as a college teenager, Oden had an older man’s face, a solemn demeanor, as if he foresaw pain.
A boy was injured in a self-inflicted shooting in a classroom at LaSalle High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, early Monday.
Simon thinks the ’60s singers might be unique.
At 7:30 p.m., 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400, symphonyspace.org; $20; $15 for members, 65+ and students; $25 day of show.
Messi has yet to do this to the same extent.
11 Florida (12-2, 2-0 SEC) used a 31-6 run across the halves to win at Louisiana State (9-4, 0-2), 74-52.
When he embarked on the Rawabi project, he said, he soon found that he was in over his head financially.
Here’s the cached image, with “64” near the bottom: ’64’ (June forth) made into popular weibo search and is displayed on search index.
We as a global society have crossed the Rubicon.
It is imperative to acknowledge the principles of a law-based state and an aspiration for social justice.
Two of the three deputy governors at the bank were appointed by a previous Socialist-dominated administration, in contrast to the rest of the bank’s policy council, who were nominated by the Fidesz majority in Parliament.
“Trying to get into any rights, sales rights or obligations, or any of those, I couldn’t begin to talk about it,” Mr. Pease said.
The seat opened up last month, when Gov.
But they were far from modern by present-day standards.
When he started working at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, he and Ms. Tucker went through the museum’s collection of war-related photographs and began filling holes with new acquisitions.
There are arguments for both, but the correct answer will be clear only at some point in the future.
To harvest the honey, the beekeepers place the frames in a centrifuge that resembles a cotton candy spinner.
Until now, the only sewing experience Mr. Johnson had was sewing on buttons — a punishment meted out by his mother when he misbehaved.
We cut taxes and spent money, while roadside bombs shattered limbs and melted faces .
Our children were small and needed an afternoon sleep, during which I sat on the veranda and readPatricia Highsmith novels, one after the other, and scared myself thoroughly.
Now Silvagni’s friends watch TV on it, while their hostess watches from her bed, which was designed by Giorgio.
Some credit him with helping to start the “spot” market for crude oil.
A seminal Wall Street figure, Ms. Masters is known for helping expand the boundaries of finance, including the development of credit default swaps , a derivative that played a role in the financial crisis.
Luise Ross, 511 West 25th Street, Chelsea, (212) 343-2161, luiserossgallery.com.
“If you become conscious of that, you can make a change.” One of Ms. Shull’s recent clients runs the trading desk at a major overseas bank and sought help because he was frustrated that he could never bring himself to make bold trades.
Spelling bees, chess teams, sports, science fairs: when the pressure is predictable and comes with friends and excitement, even worriers build up their tolerance for the stress that doesn’t include those benefits (like the SAT exams).
Families are very much welcome at the spartan launch site in Kazakhstan, although there is little room to allow even a few moments of privacy.
The tournament also featured a remarkable group of repeat champions: Andreas, Nicholas and Constantine Oskiper , 10-year-old triplets from New Jersey.
The South Korean minister in charge of policy toward the North, Ryoo Kihl-jae, said the aid shipments were not linked to political issues.
“There is no doubt that the Russians regard themselves as having pulled off quite a victory,” said Ian Bond, a foreign policy specialist with the Center for European Reform, a research organization in London.
A longtime friend, Luigi Serra, said in an interview that during World War II, Mr. Bartoletti entertained American troops in Florence by playing the piano, and that he spoke warmly of his first contacts with Americans, the music of Cole Porter and of America in general.
Not only in time, but in attitude, what appears online is ranked above what is just standing there in the flesh.
That, I allowed, was a pretty horrifying prospect.
“For the inauguration, we have a week and a half to fit some dresses and a coat for her,” Ms. Kuan recalled, her words tumbling out in a giddy cascade.
“It’s fun to watch her, watch how she prepares,” Lewis said.
Then it was time to go fast, and it got even better — until halfway through the second quick lap, when I forgot that the shift pattern was reversed and went down a gear when I wanted to go up.
Standing in for Dorsey on trombone is a showstopper, Wycliffe Gordon.
A good sign for Bernard was his ability to convert three runs from the goal line in the preseason for scores, but at the start of the season consider Bernard a high-upside flex play because of his likely timeshare.
Since then he has had a low public profile and concentrates on his interests in the textile industry.
10 Photos View Slide Show › “You cannot make enough to make ends meet,” he said.
Castro batted a career-worst .245 after back-to-back All-Star seasons.
They dwarf the national army and police force combined.
You can, if you wish, let the helpful audio guides included with the price of admission usher you from room to room, or else you can buy the little booklet (a bargain at 1 euro, about $1.30) that lists the paintings by gallery and by number.
In addition to the immense budget challenges, Mr. Hagel faces a steep learning curve in mastering myriad foreign policy challenges facing the Obama administration, including deciding whether to increase aid to the Syrian opposition and confronting Iran over its nuclear program.
The Manhattan district attorney’s office has described Ms. Geissler and her colleagues as victims — women who were coerced and intimidated by the Georges and kept in prostitution under the threat of beatings and withheld money.
During a lively after-work scene, the young, well-dressed crowd piles into intimate booths by the half-dozen to share pitchers of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and sticky-but-sublime appetizers like Monkey Fingers, fried chicken strips in a peppery chile sauce.
Nathaniel, stick to your pledge.
The chic red number the Knicks star wore to his wedding reception last weekend was the result of a year-long collaboration.
He has a theory of his own: “I’m pretty sure it was George Clooney and the boys from ‘Ocean’s 11.’ “ The sheriff said the theft occurred from a locked area in one of the 13 warehouses at the Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort, which makes the Van Winkle brand in partnership with the original family owners.
The main area is backed by a single white board, like a blank cinema screen.
( The recent $765 million settlement of a lawsuit by more than 4,500 players and their families was paltry in the context of all the lives ruined.)
As challenging as it is, I am just happy I decided to do it.” Elizabeth Barnum went to even greater lengths.
But the actor-director team perfected their formula with “Death Wish” (1974).
Inside Yahoo, officials dismiss the comparison to GeoCities.
But he also drives home the point that when it comes to health, “research is not abstract: it relates directly to life, death, suffering and pain.” Indeed, it is precisely because of the excruciating complexity of these issues that multinational pharmaceutical companies have been able to do as they please.
But many liberals and union members worry that if unions grow weaker, that will lead to more income inequality and less of a political counterweight to corporate America and conservative billionaires.
Now, six years after closing its factories in Fujisawa, the company is building homes on the site, which is sandwiched between Mount Fuji and the Pacific.
But they do want to learn about the HeLa genome — how it can be used for the good of science while still protecting the family’s privacy — so they can decide whether to consent to its publication.
French Open officials say they are moving ahead with plans to build a retractable roof over center court and add night sessions at Roland Garros in Paris, despite a court ruling last month that seemed to halt the project.
A leisurely cable car ride from San Martín Park leads to the same panorama.
Ms. Feinstein was joined on Thursday by several other lawmakers, including Representative Carolyn McCarthy of New York, who will introduce companion legislation in the House, and Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, who emotionally recalled the day when the children and adults were gunned down in Newtown.
His father said friends and relatives had visited their home to check on them after the first bloodletting.
“Which is nice, when you’re 14 and 15.” While still in his teens, he joined the kitchen crew at a local Italian restaurant.
“People just move so quickly.” Shaheen’s sewers are concrete trenches about a foot deep, into which wastewater, rendered milky white by dish soap, flows from pipes exiting mud-brick houses.
4 Agnieszka Radwanska in the semifinals in what may have been the best match of the women’s tournament, winning, 9-7, in the third set.
The Razorbacks played up to four home games a year in central Arkansas, the state’s most populous and wealthy area, until the 1990s.
It was allowing anybody with an interest and financial resources to go out and be an explorer.
The tone seems almost philosophical — and, indeed, one of several possible referents behind Kennedy’s title is Ludwig Wittgenstein’s “Blue and Brown Books,” the volumes in which the Cambridge philosopher elaborated his ideas about language and suggested why there could be no such thing as a private one.
“That’s under a $5 million-a-year business,” she said, adding, “I’ve just got some decisions to make that are fairly substantial.” Ms. Lord asked whether she had to make those decisions right now.
He has always been good at it too — that’s why people call him Mike the Hog-a-Nator.
The European revolutions of 1848, a series of popular upheavals that were the most widespread revolutionary wave in European history, affected more than 50 countries but soon collapsed under the repression of military forces loyal to royalties and aristocracies.
Bindu Ananth, the president of IFMR Trust , a financial charity, said that getting people bank accounts can be surprisingly beneficial because the poor often pay stiff fees to cash checks or get small loans, fees that are substantially reduced for account holders.
The response by federal officials echoed that of some of the country’s deadliest bombings, fires and acts of terrorism.
I want us to focus and only have the best of the best.
Her administration has also cited the spate of looting that broke out during the protest — perpetrated by a tiny minority of those present — as evidence that the A.N.C.
It’s not just because women tend to be smaller than men.
We touch down and the plane wobbles down a grass runway lined with orange cones.
SOUTH SALEM “Ye Shall Have A Song,” Camerata d’Amici.
The ruling , for now, keeps in effect the state’s $150,000 cap on contributions to an independent political committee.
And the practice changes people.
1981 During the 1970s and 1980s, many North American groups campaigned in support of national liberation movements in Africa.
Thoreau walked the beach and interviewed survivors and witnesses.
In the months ahead, they will be producing more than a dozen plays that are new to local stages.
Since then, she said, the museum has honed its collecting priorities, identifying areas “we wanted to bolster and give more attention to,” and seeking gifts along those lines.
“I believe in food as art and entertainment,” she said.
“It was just too easy not to.
Replace the name Obama with Bush and you could imagine the uproar.
“We simply saw more kids getting hurt, and it was taking them more time to get back on their feet.” At Lawrenceville, the football decision has elicited mixed responses on campus and among alumni.
Easier said than done, I suppose, but it seems to me that if anybody should make room for idealism in a besieged literary world, it’s the one holding not the bag but the purse.
CUSHION YOUR BLOWS It’s not just how you sit; it’s what you sit on.
Last April 21 in Seattle, while pitching for the Chicago White Sox, he threw the 21st perfect game in major league history .
“That’s a big deal for us.” Mr. Barua described California as the N.B.A.
A study he did links high spring tree pollen counts with high seasonal suicide rates; another examined the brains of 34 suicide victims and found gene-expression patterns consistent with cytokine-driven inflammation.
Variety did the math : Between 1995 and 2002, “one of the two Globe winners (either drama or musical/comedy) went on to win the best picture Oscar 87 percent of the time.” But since then, the Globes’ prediction rate has been a dismal 33 percent.
He knew very well what to do, how much to do.
From the time Mr. Thomas was 10, he had told friends he heard demons in his head instructing him to do bad things.
In our hyperconnected world, Howard is definitely not the only guy he could find to play Scrabble with.
Granta’s Brazilian and Chinese editions will publish excerpts by the authors on this year’s British list by the end of the year, Mr. Freeman said.
A week after I met Venkitachalam, I took a train to Kerala’s capital to meet Kumar in his ministerial office.
“It’s the media that makes the game so much bigger,” McCarron said Saturday.
But, the general reasoned, the 48th deserved a share of the blame in its poor performance.
Note that if South had made two spades for plus 110, the Glasthal team would still have taken the point on the board from plus 120 versus minus 110.
— Jason Sobel (@JasonSobelGC) 20 Jul 13 Phil Mickelson heads to the 18th hole at two-over par after bogeying 15 and 16.
“It feels O.K.,” said Kirilenko, who added that he hoped to play Friday night at home against the Miami Heat.
That fine, according to people close to the case, was larger than federal authorities initially planned.
The site was the Magic’s practice court, tucked into a tight corner of the towering Amway Center.
A British businessman who sold fake bomb detectors was sentenced to 10 years in prison for fraud on Thursday.
The dreams I could shake off in the morning, at least after coffee.
So here we are, with seven more weeks of reality TV disguised as Yankees telecasts.
(Karen Rosenberg) Brooklyn Museum: ‘Divine Felines: Cats of Ancient Egypt’ (through December 2014) If your dream of heaven is eternity spent with the pets you love, “Divine Felines: Cats of Ancient Egypt” is a show for you.
Though not part of the festival, “Brendan at the Chelsea” is being presented at the same time and is certainly likely to interest a similar crowd.
But his teams went 11-28-3 in the next three seasons, and he was replaced by Chuck Noll.
My memory of our one Iowa meeting was already blurry.
Nnamdi Asomugha and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie have been replaced by Bradley Fletcher and Cary Williams, but both players have had a hard time staying on the field this summer.
“It’s a very intriguing thing, because in principle, you can have a kind of money with some advantages that have never been possessed by any past forms of money,” said George Selgin, an economics professor at the University of Georgia at Athens.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note barely moved on Friday, adding 1/32 to trade at 97 21/32, as its yield slipped to 2.01 percent, from 2.02 percent late Thursday evening.
Although the Taliban were routed in crucial areas that year, they maintained a grip in the southern part of Panjwai, in the village clusters of Zangabad and Sperwan, and threaded the area with improvised explosive devices and ambush sites.
(Shortly after, Optimal was bought by Brand Networks, although it continues to operate separately.)
We followed that with a special of tuna tartare, a luscious construction of paper-thin cucumber slices topped with a thick layer of mashed avocado, another of chopped tuna in a yuzu sauce and a crunchy topknot of pancetta.
One of the most accurate, articulate and heartfelt reflections on the situation was written a few years ago in Archives of Internal Medicine by Dr. Mitchell Katz, who now directs the Los Angeles County health department.
I actually saw it happen once — years ago when I was working for the financially troubled United Press International.
Neat little ankle boots finished off the tailoring that included many versions of coats — almost all without buttons, unless you counted those placed as decoration on a half belt at the back.
High winds had exposed the structure, but only for a brief time; in little more than a year, it would be covered again.
I bought it three years ago, with 137,526 miles, for $3,300.
But as the Supreme Court issued its last-day-of-court rulings on Wednesday, nullifying the federal law that defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman and effectively permitting same-sex marriage in California, what was also clear was just how rapidly much of the country had moved beyond the court.
I decided that if I didn’t do something to make her proud I would be throwing my life away.
The groom’s mother works from Lincoln as the managing editor of School Libraries Monthly.
Until Lakani switched to the Airbus — and reduced the number of travelers per trip from 50 to 24 — she leased Boeing 757s from Loftleidir Icelandic, part of Icelandair.
“It just kind of puts them in limbo until they get another denial letter.” In general, health policy experts said, people must be checked for eligibility for Medicaid before they can get tax credits to help pay premiums for health insurance purchased on an exchange.
A service rep at Microsoft — “Very pleasant man,” Mr. Rosenbaum said — called a few weeks ago and offered to buy him a new computer.
Just out of curiosity, financial journalists seem to feel that The New York Times reporting is beneath their veracity standards.
Salt Lake, Dylan Sandoval, forward, New Mexico 30.
The fulfillment of these expectations has led to higher ones.
DealBook » A Wrinkle in the Workplace | Low morale at banks and other financial institutions in London is leading some employees to behave at work as if they were still at home wearing pajamas, according to a business coach.
According to a poll by the International Republican Institute, shortly after Mr. Atambayev was elected, when people in Kyrgyzstan were asked which countries they saw as partners and which as threats, 96 percent identified Russia as a partner and fewer than 1 percent as a threat.
At the end of the war, Allied opinion was that the war had been Germany’s fault, but doubts almost immediately began to creep in.
In the bond market, interest rates moved higher.
On Wednesday, the automaker issued a statement reconfirming its own analysis of the Grand Cherokee models called into question by the center, saying the S.U.V.’s “are neither defective, nor do their fuel systems pose an unreasonable risk to motor vehicle safety in rear impact collisions.” However, almost a year ago, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said its investigation of the center’s allegations were reason enough for the agency to upgrade its investigation to an engineering analysis.
Many experts now believe that the world will be able to rein in carbon emissions only if China and the United States, which together produce almost half of global anthropogenic emissions, commit to limits.
It’s fascinating to see the same kind of duality translated into the doubles entendres of Chauncey’s act, where he plays professional limp wrist to a top banana named Efram (Lewis J. Stadlen, who is excellent) and a triumvirate of strippers given robust life by Cady Huffman, Jenni Barber and Andréa Burns.
And then there was all that debate and the 80-plus amendment proposals, and everything was going swell.
A United Nations special rapporteur declared the action unlawful, but C.I.A.
The longer-term momentum is with the boutiques, too.
“I turned a page and started over again, but it was all those years that led to ‘Lichtung’ working out.” One continuity between Ms. Gerring’s early work, “Lichtung” and her new “Glacier” is the composer Michael J. Schumacher , whom she met at Juilliard.
“Here it comes — we knew it would happen,” one executive recalled thinking.
Sebastian Vettel ended the 2013 Formula One campaign in dominant fashion on Sunday at the season finale in Brazil, scoring a strong victory over his Red Bull Infiniti teammate, Mark Webber, and Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso.
He read voraciously, she wrote.
I doubt he will pardon him, but he could reduce his sentence, and he should.
I didn’t know what to do.
But it was hard to free associate when I was worried about conjugating verbs correctly.
This month it’s also offering a brunch series for children: Little Creatures.
Last year, HTC sold about half of its stake, or 25 percent of Beats, back to the company for $150 million.
Disease in aquaculture is also a problem.
The fact they got it up and running so fast was really extraordinary.” By Monday night, stadium representatives had not declared an exact cause of the blackout.
Although his conventional quarterback rating of 104 is highly inflated by his style of high-percentage short passes, Smith was consistently effective.
The State Department would not comment on the Egyptian allegations.
As a reflection of the print industry’s sorry state, the physical plant in which the paper is produced is likely to have a far greater value than the paper itself, especially when situated in a gentrifying neighborhood.
So how did you handle that?
Ms. Tambor’s ex-husband, Moshe Dirnfeld, declined to comment.
“And I pursued it with great vigor,” Mr. Leedom said.
None other than Charles Busch (“The Tale of the Allergist’s Wife”) wrote the book for the show, which has music by Sam Davis and lyrics by Mark Waldrop.
After being signed by the Red Sox, he has posted a 6-7 record with a 4.70 E.R.A.
“The Heat,” while it provides her with a serviceable scaffolding, is not a very good movie.
To provide Zeuterin, veterinarians will have to complete a five-hour course that includes injecting the drug into several dogs.
intentionally misled them about the dangers of head injuries.
The outfit, by the New York-based designer Rubin Singer, included a cropped black leather motorcycle jacket and a leather bodysuit made with strips of python and iguana, with insets of lace.
In conversation, she leans in close and speaks with an intimate urgency, her voice a low, soft, Slavic-accented purr that brings to mind both Christiane Amanpour and Natasha the Eastern Bloc cartoon spy.
War traditionally has motivated major changes in tax policy.
Reimagining schools for the 21st-century must be our highest priority.
“I’m really proud and the players were proud to score this goal,” Vallar said after the game.
But I didn’t find it convincing.
Mr. Kerry’s visit also came as the Obama administration faced increasing calls to intervene in the conflict with lethal military aid to the insurgency or perhaps stronger action like the enforcement of a no-fly zone over Syria to protect rebel-held areas.
“It’s not the right time for me to get entangled with the Lebanese government,” he told me in Paris.
The duo created the label in 1984, after studying fashion at ArtEZ Institute of the Arts in Arnhem, where they now teach.
In 2010, the Science Times columnist Natalie Angier wrote an essay objecting to “the odious and increasingly pervasive term ‘STEM education.’ ” In the years since, the acronym (for science, technology, engineering and mathematics) has gone from pervasive to unavoidable; a Web search for “STEM education” returns 105 million results.
“Before the wake, I had a couple hours,” McCann said.
Both Souths ended in four spades doubled, sacrificing over four hearts (a contract that would have been touch-and-go).
“If there’s anyone who’s genetically predisposed to be able to sustain the onslaught that came from without, it’s these two,” Jason Weiner says.
With his weather-interrupted victory Sunday at the Houston Open, D.A.
MR. OBAMA: Well, this was a very practical decision that actually doesn’t go to the heart of us implementing the Affordable Care Act.
DuBois hits that larger sadness just right and dispenses with all the salacious details you can readily find elsewhere.
Although “News from Heaven” may sound full of sad situations, it’s an uplifting and radiant book.
In 1959 he founded his own orchestra, Sabor de Cuba with his son Chucho, then a teenager, sometimes on piano.
As the sun gets lower, the mountaintops take on a golden hue, and a 45-minute walk along the groomed waterfall loop trail, through a 116-acre forest park, is pure peace.
“What is your biggest dream?” the filmmaker Tinatin Gurchiani asks him, her voice gently prodding.
He said the center would encourage districts to develop collaborations and take advantage of virtual education to help fill in the gaps.
But this record is never concerned with what’s necessary.
Bundling, part of the bedrock of the television industry, is now a potential target.
Over time, makeshift sites turned in to permanent ones, part of what became the Gateway National Recreation Area.
But he prides himself on being the Jersey guy who speaks his mind.
By doing so, the hope is that governments will not need to step in with costly bailouts that destabilize the euro and leave taxpayers holding the bill.
Forty percent of his sales last year came between Thanksgiving and Christmas, which coincided with the introduction of his “Button-Stud Weekender” watch (he designed the band).
When I was in junior high and high school I worked as a vendor at Fenway Park.
During the game, and for the months since then, Faith Baptist’s coach and players have turned to theology to make sense of what they endured.
In something of a backhanded compliment, Mr. Moonves said of the other broadcasters, “I even noticed our competitors got substantial price increases as well, which actually surprised me, how well they did.” The rest of the estimates for dollar volume are: ABC, part of the Walt Disney Company, $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion; NBC, part of the NBCUniversal division of Comcast, $1.9 billion to $2 billion; Fox Broadcasting, part of 21st Century Fox, around $1.8 billion; and CW, a joint venture of the CBS Corporation and Time Warner, $400 million to $420 million.
Stephanie Blythe, mezzo-soprano, and Warren Jones, piano.
But the medical literature on migraine causes is based almost entirely on self-reporting.
1938 Preacher Says Soul Needs Little Food MEMPHIS — Proving that “the soul is above the need for material life” and incidentally that fasting will take off 100 pounds, the Very Rev.
“The president himself has framed the challenge of going all in to cut the pollution that causes climate change while still having an ‘all-of-the-above’ energy policy,” said Gene Karpinski, the president of the League of Conservation Voters .
They ignore the role of families in producing the relevant skills They also ignore or play down the critical gap in skills between advantaged and disadvantaged children that emerges long before they enter school.
66): The spiritual element of getting older is more important than the physical or anything else.
Raf Simons , showing on the first day of the Paris summer 2014 men’s wear shows, is now internationally acclaimed as creative director at Christian Dior.
Many in the country assumed the traditionalists had quietly taken hold of power during the past decade, ousting reformists and other groups calling for change.
Joes survive after a devastating attack ordered against them by the president, who is behaving as if his body has been taken over by a malevolent impostor, which it has.
(The district attorney’s office declined to comment; a captain at the police precinct did not return a phone call.)
These are the teachers who the students trust will not abandon them by succumbing to burnout or moving on when the opportunity arrives.
Her Broadway play, “The Heiress,” had its best week since mid-November, according to box office data released on Tuesday by the Broadway League, the trade association of theater owners and producers.
The bodega is a sprawling compound in the center of the city, and its owner, Javier Hidalgo, a slight, elegant man with slicked-back hair, walked me through the endless rows of his family’s sherry barrels, across a patio of caged doves and dripping bougainvillea, and down some stairs to a building that had the feel of an underground bunker.
His first instincts were to follow his parents into a musical career but on leaving school in 1898 he decided to train as a draftsman and artist in Munich.
The continuous soundtrack of suave 1960s tunes before, during intermission and after the show is a nice touch.
Mr. Shacked, an entrepreneur and artist who grew up in Israel, immigrated to New York in 1967.
The recall in March covered 183,000 2005 Honda Pilots, Acura MDX sport utilities and Acura RL sedans.
contended that both the bank and Mr. Poston improperly delayed writing down the value of $1.5 billion of nonperforming loans in 2008.
Some business functions of NBC News are now handled by the umbrella group.
“Catholics should examine their consciences very carefully before deciding whether or not to endorse same-sex relationships or attend same-sex ceremonies, realizing that to do so might harm their relationship with God and cause significant scandal to others,” Bishop Tobin wrote.
We wondered where he was, and how he fertilized the eggs.
There’s a line, “You’ll try to find a doctor that will prescribe an elixir that’ll make everything better.” He kept saying “excelsior.” It got tense in the control room because he’d keep getting through the whole song and mess up that word.
The trip had been arranged by the French-German television channel Arte for a series of shows in which a three-star chef recreates the food shown in a painting, with experts along to comment on history and gastronomy.
“This would be like a black swan event — it’s not something that you would have thought that the U.S. could do in a million years.” A look back on our reporting of the past week’s highs and lows in finance.
In recent months, residents have protested outside tribal headquarters about the lack of prosecutions of those accused of child abuse, and what they say is a continuing failure to protect Spirit Lake’s children .
The president acknowledged as much, saying his zigzag course on military strikes had unnerved some allies and vindicated the cynicism of many in the Middle East about American motives in the region.
My wife, who is the firm’s director of communications, has no role in the case.)
Even as late as 1980, according to a study by the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program, Akron’s tire and rubber industry employed 26,000 people.
They would require far more specific approvals from the courts, far more oversight from the Congress and specific presidential approval for spying on national leaders, especially allies.
Fourth Street Theater, 83 East Fourth Street, East Village, (212) 352-3101, dutchkillstheater.com.
Ginobili seemed to have one foot in retirement until his 24-point, 10-assist explosion Sunday night.
Aiding and abetting him was a ground game that averaged more than 5 yards a carry as three tailbacks shared the load with the debut of Mike Goodson, who had just completed a four-game suspension imposed by the N.F.L.
Another American official noted that the default procedure when an American is incidentally picked up is to stop listening and destroy the record, and that exceptions are made mostly for threats to security.
Still, Welker probably cost him team points there.
And never mind about differences in race distances.
Justice Abdus-Salaam’s nomination was praised by leading legal figures, including Seymour W. James Jr., the president of the New York State Bar Association.
The makers say the design accounts for the fact that women rely more on lower body strength when shoveling.
With works by Cory Arcangel, Liz Magic Laser, Gabriel Orozco and two dozen others it will examine how contemporary artists strive to revolutionize perceptions the way Cubists and Expressionists did a century ago.
The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed that a 60-year-old man from Adelaide had died in Tibet, and said embassy officials in Beijing were in touch with the man’s wife.
SoHo Playhouse, 15 Van Dam Street, South Village, (866) 811-4111, billwanddrbob.com.
The bride and groom graduated from Yeshiva University; she cum laude, he summa cum laude.
Oct. 25 through Nov. 30.
It penalized hospitals that have to readmit patients owing to shoddy work (they previously would enjoy a second payday for doing so), taxed high-cost health-insurance plans, encouraged electronic medical records and research on effective treatments, and many other things.
Muscoot Farm, 51 Route 100.
We’ll see whether the best 21st-century motivational companion is the smartphone or tablet.
Anthony (Little Tony) Owens was Mendenhall’s second child, born in 1981.
The market moves reflect a global decline of the U.S. currency rather than any Japanese factors lifting the yen.
Multiple players said the losing had become embarrassing.
“You can feel the difference in the air — there’s a lot of anticipation,” said Nicole Schoeni, a local gallery owner.
Both have $100 on Day 1.
Stepping up to fill that need is Zambeef, an indigenous, non-state-owned Zambian company helmed by one Francis Grogan, an Irishman.
The Food and Drug Administration has expressed “great concern” over the “dramatic rise in usage of e-cigarettes by youth,” and said the new report’s findings reinforce its intention to issue new regulations on tobacco use.
All 900 of our first-year students must travel abroad as a requirement.
Major Hasan said he wanted to get to the medical processing building before 3 p.m. when a large number of people would be there, according to the report.
But volatile or not, she was right.
Srisetiowati Seiful of the non-profit Surya Institute told Sara: ‘‘We’re going to have a lost generation… It’s going to mean fewer researchers, less technology development.
Some air bags protecting the front passenger seat may not inflate correctly because of a problem with the propellant used in the air bag inflator, said the Toyota spokesman Ryo Sakai.
And if we want the men and women making it to be guided by principle, not politics, it surely doesn’t help for journalists to lavish attention on electoral calculations and thereby send our own signal: that we don’t expect, and voters shouldn’t count on, anything nobler.
“This film honors his legacy, so I think it stands as it is,” Mr. Chadwick said.
This is also a crucial opportunity for the region’s secular movements, which must speak out against the clergy’s incitement of young minds to hatred.
He is not being a ham.
Over the years I have developed an ethos similar to Grant’s, where I say “yes” to almost everything.
Her mother is a lawyer in Manhattan.
While many members of both parties say they would like to avoid either a shuttering of the government as of Oct. 1 or a default caused by failing to increase the federal debt limit, no acceptable solution has emerged.
Still, she has worked hard to amass a five-figure nest egg, and aims to avoid emulating a friend who drained her own retirement account to pay for her wedding: “I’ve read that it’s terrible to cash out your 401(k),” she said.
But I’ve been saying all along this is one possibility.” Rodriguez underwent surgery on his left hip on Jan. 16 to repair a torn labrum and to reshape the femoral head of his thigh bone, which fits into the socket.
It would have been easy to see this as symbolic, of age creeping up on Hamilton in the first season of his five-year, $125 million contract with the Los Angeles Angels.
As I watched the coverage of Milan’s fall fashion week — the penultimate of a month of fashion shows that began in New York and ended in Paris last Wednesday — I thought of Giacomo Leopardi, the great Italian poet and moralist.
Niall O’Rourke, the creative director at Decca’s London office, said Ms. Lisitsa’s use of YouTube was new territory for the label’s classical artists.
Her nomination is currently before the Senate.
5 with 56,000 sales, a 67 percent drop.
The Kabakovs are not the only artists this autumn enjoying a New York City moment.
Beating good teams has been a problem for them all season.
In the garden of the charmingly old-fashioned L’Auberge du Prieuré, we had a fine meal of soft-boiled eggs with creamed morel mushrooms and juicy steaks with an impeccably made red pepper-infused sauce Albuféra.
I don’t think it’s helpful to engage in that sort of thing.
Alexei Ratmansky, 45 Choreographer Alexei Ratmansky is a classical-ballet man, but seldom in the grandest manner.
The crimes took place before the acquisition.
The rappers Birdman and Lil Wayne call her “Ma.” So does Warren Sapp.
Claire Davis, 17, who was shot at Arapahoe High School in Colorado last week, died Saturday.
If metrics are going to help inform choices, rankings can be improved by tallying data every five or 10 years, not annually.
Somehow, in Naples, this all makes sense.
Still, its long-range shooting percentage (40 percent) was slightly ahead of its overall clip (39.3 percent).
The right to be forgotten is one of the most contentious items.
Oral contraceptives, menopause and post-menopausal hormone treatment further complicate the picture.
By the end of the first season, however, when the chief of staff was hiring an assassin to kill a former intern who slept with the president, the show had revealed itself to be much wilder than it initially seemed, a brash, addictive mixture of Douglas Sirk and realpolitik, and TV’s most outrageous spectacle.
It was a great idea to bring together some of the Renaissance bronzes and later drawings and prints that bear witness to this enduring fascination.
In paniolo towns like Makawao, Kula and Pukalani, faded Western facades have found second lives as art galleries, sushi joints, proud “locavore” bistros and the odd New Age shop selling wind chimes and Tibetan imports.
As put by Dr. W : My personal contribution to this discussion is to squat down and walk like a duck, thus minimizing area of intercept.
Uselessness is in the eye of the beholder.
Under the ordinance approved Wednesday, private employers in Portland will have to give employees up to 40 hours of sick leave each year.
Included are many different forms of early photography, representing an array of markets and social classes: grand portraits of Nepalese royals and palm-size cartes de visite for the masses, ethnographic albums by British photographers and hand-painted photographs from Indian portrait studios.
This approach is one small part of a growing effort by providers to hold down costs without restricting needed care.
Introverts — one-third of the population — are undervalued in American society.
Can you describe why each of the countries represented in the exhibition are important to you?
Now, some people will see this as bad news.
One signed on to parent two at a time.
On a recent visit, I was once again delighted by three rarely visited museums, each of which could hardly be more different from the others.
But “Vienna,” a long ballet, needs more illustrious casting.
He may not make anyone forget Kenneth Branagh’s 1989 film portrayal, just as this “Henry V,” as a whole, doesn’t outshine that one, but he has his moments, especially the scene from “Henry IV, Part 1” in which he kills Hotspur and then pronounces one of those incongruously moving spur-of-the-moment epitaphs.
All they really cared about was sending him somewhere far away from Moscow and watching him closely.
To me, that’s the essence of great design.
Throughout “Forces!,” which is co-directed by Robert Woodruff, Ms. Streb appears on video to discuss her ideas and inspirations, including the Wright brothers.
Why has “ornament and crime” so often been misunderstood?
The real test of whether this works like an open source project will come over a longer time.
That’s what the issue is.
But those with anxiety issues surrounding audience participation need not fear for their nerve endings at Mr. Malloy’s romp, directed with propulsive sweep by Rachel Chavkin.
Modern line-jumping options aren’t merely a theme-park phenomenon.
He preferred the Dodgers, maybe to be different from his friends, he said Monday, but probably because he just loved their players.
Its American release date is this summer.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , women comprise 29.4 percent of people working in “Computer and Software,” a subcategory of “Commercial Equipment.” Since this broad (and vague) designation might include everyone from system designers to office assistants, it tells us nothing about the participation of women at the deeper technical and theoretical levels.
But in a ceremony held in the East Room on Tuesday, Mr. Obama acknowledged Captain Swenson’s efforts to save his Afghan and American comrades through a hail of bullets.
The gay rights organization Glaad issued a statement on Wednesday condemning Mr. Robertson’s comments as “vile and extreme” and suggested that sponsors re-examine their ties to the “Duck Dynasty” series.
He is Peter J. Rubinstein, not Rubenstein.
He estimates that export growth for the year may barely topple 10 percent.
A few designers absorb and transform punk attributes, but most garments simplistically scream punk.
A graduate of Colorado College, Mr. Salazar received his law degree from the University of Michigan .
Logan Sherman, 15, was shot in the arm and back and wounded in Delta, Ohio, Sunday morning.
(Trying to sleep on the street with Flora, Carrie is instantly almost raped.)
The statement also referred to Mr. Newman’s wartime activities.
I told Charlie that it wasn’t going to rain at all — and I left.
The makeup of any team that reaches this stage of Europe’s ultimate competition is far too cosmopolitan to be considered along narrow nationalistic lines.
Sept. 28 at 8 p.m. $35 to $55.
“It’s the supercool factor,” Ms. Phemister said.
Their offense: catching, barehanded, a fly ball after it had bounced, rather than directly out of the air.
Is the Dream Act a provision within the drafted bill?
This was why Irish Chocolate is a celebrity of sorts among classmates and die-hard alumni.
When he learned on Monday that the Beckmann seller, Cornelius Gurlitt, now 80, had reportedly sat on hundreds of works, including art by Picasso and Matisse, that were confiscated under the Nazis or sold cheaply by owners desperate to flee Hitler, Mr. Feddersen was amazed.
More broadly, consider the ever-widening definition of those whom conservatives consider parasites.
She did not concede that the Fed’s failures played a role in the crisis — something Fed officials have acknowledged in other contexts — even as she insisted that the Fed was working hard to prevent a repeat.
Apprehension arising from personal experience, coupled with economic pressure to stay in school longer, has led my cohort to marry later and more selectively.
“I’m not sure how I’ll pull it off, but I like the idea of just putting a sign up saying, Now Playing: ‘Romeo and Juliet.’”
He gave master classes in film at Columbia University, the City College of New York and the School of Visual Arts in 2003, and was president of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival the same year.
(Like most of the opposition, he favors a more secular Islamic democracy, similar to Turkey’s.)
(Remember the 2004 Broadway clunker called “ Bombay Dreams ”?)
In 1986, 23,039 women, mean age 62, completed detailed questionnaires on lifestyle, medical history and diet.
According to the National Center for Social Research , the number of people selling sex has surged 150 percent in the last two years.
Dangers of anthropomorphism aside, this hints at nativism.
He suggests that hidden protectionism may be partly to blame, and that this may have large economic costs.
With the game on the verge of slipping away, Jason Kidd calmly swished a 3-pointer from the right corner as Bayless fouled him.
The question is whether they will face ideological upheaval as well.
What I imagined would be that first idyllic bike outing in many years was marred by terror.
It’s a common approach these days, from Seoul to Madrid to San Francisco: upgrading cities by revamping ravaged waterfronts.
Anything you might consider a nuisance becomes meaningless when you look out from the peaks — or even from your room — onto the jaw-dropping, hypnotically beautiful scenery of the Andes, the highest mountain range outside of Asia, and which Pablo Neruda in his memoirs described as “a vertical world.” My balcony overlooked a jagged swath of the Andes, from peaks at about 17,000 feet covered in snow down to a green burbling riverbed thousands of feet below.
The cliché of the season is that Americans are war-weary from our long slogs in Iraq and Afghanistan.
“It’s bleak,” said one mediator, adding that the Brotherhood so far does not seem to grasp that Mr. Morsi will not be reinstated.
16 Photos View Slide Show › Instead, they turned to the architect in the family to create a new house on the site.
A bottle can be yours for the princely sum of $25.
When Broad refused to “walk” but instead stayed in — in cricket, this is known as standing your ground — Twitter erupted with criticism, and so did the Australian team.
Alcohol-soaked social events could be worse.
And a lot of readers asked about potential solutions.
It is not clear from the video who are the Morsi supporters and who are the opponents.
Assessing the Republican primary debates (in a chapter titled “The Clown Car”), Alter says: “The news media, thrilled to have reality TV characters liven up the primaries, went along with the fiction that most of the candidates onstage had a genuine chance of being nominated.” Obama rightly regarded his re-election as a pivotal event.
Studies show that these partnerships can improve performance in schools with disproportionate numbers of poorly served students, many of whom are off track for graduation.
Though it had been weeks since her blood count showed any sign of improvement, the gravity of the situation had crept up on us.
Network managers protested, and King Mohammed VI intervened, appointing a special commission to decide on the matter.
To add color to this picture, the kinds of high-speed wired Internet access connections sold by cable incumbents aren’t up to global standards.
When Sheila Caraway, 23, arrived at the Internal Revenue Service office in downtown Los Angeles, she was turned away by a security officer who explained that parts of the government had been shut down.
Generally as a practical matter, we have to give them some notice or the guy at the front gate won’t let us in the door.” Governing bodies at the Olympic and professional levels generally identify athletes who test positive for banned substances — a step that is considered a deterrent.
“They go to great real estate, and are less sensitive to where SoHo stops and NoHo starts.” But with a growing number of developments in Manhattan offering large, exceptionally pricey apartments, there is more competition than there has been, brokers said.
But as they climb ladders, don hand-knit wigs (wait’ll you see what Rapunzel’s famous hair looks like) and turn stray sheets of music into magical birds, they take on the aspects of yarn-spinners who find that the fictions they are relating have become an all-consuming reality.
In theory, if it wants to bite other opera companies and it can get its mouth open, fine; it just can’t bite you, the provider of its kibble.
“I actually have no idea,” he said “I’ve been doing custom a long time, but I bet they’re something crazy, like 40 inches.” (The couple also showed at the Altuzarra show later that evening, sharing the front row with Anna Wintour and Ms.
He showed me with his hands how he and his men piled the dead and destroyed bodies onto the backs of what flatbed trucks they had.
He will never go anywhere.” “Musharraf is not like Nawaz Sharif,” she said, referring to Pakistan’s current prime minister, who chose to go into exile in 2000 after his government was toppled in a bloodless coup in 1999 by Mr. Musharraf, then the army chief.
And though hard-core fashion types will scoff, L.A.-based companies like Guess , American Apparel , Juicy Couture , Forever 21 and the new e-commerce entry Nasty Gal have built empires that dwarf better-respected luxury lines.
It is unclear how broadly Congress would endorse such changes.
Among the photographers whose works are on display are two staff members of The New York Times: Ángel Franco, a photographer, and David Gonzalez, a reporter for the Metropolitan desk and co-editor with James Estrin, a Times photographer, of the Lens Blog.
“We didn’t want to lose her.
The spending sprees pushed both teams into the Eastern Conference’s upper tier, ensuring high playoff seedings, low draft picks and large luxury-tax bills for the foreseeable future.
And he credited Mr. Obama’s pressure tactics, along with the threat of military action, for bringing Iran to the negotiating table.
“Until now, we didn’t have regulations that guaranteed organized growth and, above all, that conserve the Guadalupe Valley as part of the heritage of all Mexicans,” he said.
“I support Ms. Kroes’s goal, but I want to see the details,” Mr. Rübig said during the past week in an interview.
At that point, it seemed a yellow was coming.
The stress involved was almost palpable on May 21, 1998, when, to inaugurate a concert hall in Fort Worth, Mr. Cliburn played the Rachmaninoff Second Concerto with the Fort Worth Symphony, suffered a memory lapse in the final movement and collapsed onstage.
Within two hours, his body was on a plane to Nassau, awaiting autopsy.
China has gradually increased its international humanitarian assistance since early 2005, when a cargo plane loaded with medicine, food, electrical generators and a 35-member Chinese medical team were dispatched to the Indonesian province of Aceh after it was devastated in the Indian Ocean tsunami.
“This puddle is definitely my mother!” But Benjamin’s estrangement from his mother never gets much elucidation.
1 cause of death of Chinese regimes in history is greed and corruption.
“This is once again hurting the family’s core,” Ms. Bogeat said.
He viewed that as an indication that North Korea was allowing room for future dialogue.
He was married to Bin Laden’s daughter Fatima, and the indictment alleges a working relationship with Bin Laden, who was killed in Pakistan by United States forces in 2011.
One day while instructing his players, they told him he had taught them the same thing the day before.
DeSean Jackson had five receptions for 150 yards and a touchdown.
“So I asked them to make me a new master from the negative,” he said in a recent interview in Paris.
Her curiosity about writers, artists, poets, even fashion designers, has never stopped.
But even Western diplomats hold different views on how best to advance, depending on whether they are based in Kabul or Islamabad, reflecting the different outlooks in two capitals that are barely an hour apart by airplane.
Daniel King, a public defender for Mr. Holmes, homed in on observations from the police about Mr. Holmes’s behavior that night.
People far from the scene cannot endanger officers conducting the search or disrupt it, he said.
But I backed the person, with better results to show for it.
The covers of the books sometimes suggested they were best suited for ages 4 to 8, but Mr. Waber’s understated wit appealed to plenty of parents.
June 9 at 1:30 p.m. Free.
“He sabotaged my payback.” Now comes Piazza’s book tour, followed by what he hopes will be many more years as a mature and blissful father.
Film EAST HAMPTON Artists on Film: The Power of Connection: “Jackson Pollock: Portrait” (1984), directed by Amanda Pope.
Miller is the more exciting player and has averaged 4.3 yards on fewer than 10 carries a game.
As for Ms. Karetzky, Ms. Ferrer said, her paintings are also “very much grounded in the neighborhood, though the narrative is more open-ended.
Yet few on the team seem capable of improving on past success.
Danielle Jacobs, chairwoman of the International Telecommunications Users Group, an association in Driebergen, the Netherlands, that represents telecommunications user groups in Europe, South America and Asia, said Europe’s system of roaming fees was slowing the adoption of cloud-based mobile services, especially those used by business travelers.
(Saltz) ‘Identity Thief’ (R, 1:47) In this lazy, generic, sporadically amusing odd-couple comedy directed by Seth Gordon, the invaluable Melissa McCarthy plays an unrepentant thief who wreaks havoc on a milquetoast (Jason Bateman) by stealing his credit cards and more.
I think there are identifiable, terroir-linked Givry or Montagny traits.
Sept. 12 through Nov. 10.
(Chinen) Kris Davis Trio (Saturday) The pianist Kris Davis has a smart new album, “Capricorn Climber” (Clean Feed), that seeks out the unexpected corners within established musical relationships.
Rick Snyder of Michigan ventured a pie stuffed with home-grown cherries.
It was early in the bidding, and the auctioneer was still warming her pitch, trying to stir up the crowd of thousands pressed against her mobile stage, a flatbed trailer in a soybean field.
Any summer weeknight, Hearst Plaza at Lincoln Center becomes a cultural crossroads.
That’s why we went to those states.” The celebrities were stunned to watch the baseball player get up front and remind the crowd how he once struck out in that state; Republicans cheered him.
“But in my assessment, there will not be a reaction, because neither Hezbollah nor the Syrians have an interest in retaliating.” Syria’s president, Bashar al-Assad, “is deep in his own troubles,” Mr. Yatom said, “and Hezbollah is making a great effort to assist him, in parallel with its efforts to obtain weapons, so they won’t want to broaden the circle of fighting.” In the United States, the State Department and Defense Department would not comment on reports of the strike.
The next year, she published a book called “Noon” about the demonstration and subsequent trial.
Clues of the day go to “Espousing crime?” for BIGAMY and “High-pitched cry from an ump?” for BALL (even I got that one.)
Other red options include Beaujolais, lighter pinot noirs like those from Sancerre or the range of light reds from northern Italy, like teroldego, lagrein, grignolino and those from the Valle d’Aosta.
Reception: Sept. 25, 5 to 8 p.m. Wednesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Anthony Giordano Gallery, Dowling College, 96 Biltmore Avenue.
It’s going to allow me to heal.
Céline shoes, $850; Bergdorf Goodman, (212) 753-7300.
The Knicks are still the Atlantic Division front-runners by a decent margin.
They got to wherever they got to in life through hard work, through being prepared to do whatever it takes to move forward in life and to overcome whatever obstacles were in front of them.
Addressing a room of university students, Aya Kikuchi, a counselor, dished out tips for students bound for Canada.
So, even if it is in your nature to enjoy long hours on the couch, you can choose to get up and move.
The pending rule change has set off alarm particularly in Britain, which was flooded with Polish immigrants over the last decade.
“And the doorman was the same doorman as when we lived there,” he recalled.
Mr. McEvilley was born on July 13, 1939, in Cincinnati.
I think that was a no.
Still another transferred money from National Science Foundation political science grants to cancer research at the National Institutes of Health.
The trek was hard for the eight women, he said, including his wife, Judith Peterson, who is in her 60s.
I told him it wouldn’t take much to put on this sort of event and proposed to ask the American Philosophical Council (no longer in existence) for aid.
25 Photos View Slide Show › INDOORS: The main house is a single-story 1947 structure exemplifying classic Southwestern architecture: adobe-brick walls for insulation, Saltillo tiled floors and log ceiling beams.
“Tonight was a great surprise, all the fans were singing: ‘Tahiti, Tahiti!’ ” said Vahirua, who is currently without a job, his future uncertain.
At 2 and 4 p.m., 77 Water Street, Financial District, rivertorivernyc.com; free.
The National is to perform at Barclays Center in Brooklyn on June 5.
“We don’t have enough staff,” the director explained over the phone.
“I don’t know where we’d be without it.” Mexican and Peruvian restaurants dot the downtown streets, while immigrant-owned stores and markets offer goods from Ecuador and services like money transfers to Guatemala and other Central American countries.
“I’m a Giant, and I love playing for the Giants,” Nicks said.
The attack took place against a series of border check posts in the Shorabak District of Kandahar Province.
It’s just that when you don’t win, everything is a failure.
And their arm’s-length relationship to Wall Street and K Street makes them both more irresponsible on issues like a government shutdown and more open to new ideas on taxes, financial reform, corporate welfare, etc.
Not to be missed (3:05).
The personal injury law firm Cellino & Barnes gets a plug when the announcers explain the broadcast’s copyright violation policy.
On July 11, another Wall Street analyst, Jonathan Aschoff at Brean Murray Carret & Company, raised red flags about a sharp run-up in the price of Elan’s shares heading into the presentation of the data.
(The rig and its accessories were purchased by charity: water for roughly $1 million, donated to its Ethiopian partner, REST, and staffed by REST employees with financing from Harrison’s organization.)
9 P.M. (Showtime) SPRINGSTEEN & I (2013) Using videos and photographs culled from more than 300 hours of footage submitted by some 350 fans, the director Baillie Walsh documents the life and career of Bruce Springsteen.
An eventual deal on the value of the Chrysler stake could buttress the logic.
a wave is a disturbance in something else.
Pomeranz had been out with left biceps tendinitis.
We vote proxies with a singular focus and with a singular constituency in mind — to maximize value for the funds’ shareholders.” Even with the funds’ support, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hammergren and Mr. Thompson didn’t exactly get a ringing endorsement from shareholders, with just 59 percent for Mr. Lane, 54 percent for Mr. Hammergren and 55 percent for Mr. Thompson.
Learn more about the Civil Rights Movement by playing our crossword (PDF).
Starting with the oneness of God, the children recited verses from the Quran and joined Ms. Mohammed in song.
Depression may be an independent risk factor for Parkinson’s disease, a new study has found.
He knows how great minds can be petty in regarding one another, and he appreciates what’s annoying about the overprivileged being righteous about the underprivileged.
Tens of thousands of Christians have fled their homes and say they dare not return — not only for fear of the militias, but also for fear of their Muslim neighbors, who they say are all armed.
In 2010, Mr. Caspar’s agency became the first to uncover Google’s collection of data from Wi-Fi routers in Germany, and the company acknowledged that it had also collected data in a similar fashion for Street View around the world, prompting an uproar from Washington to Hong Kong.
My hunch is that theater audiences also rate the plays they see more favorably than professional critics do.
Hiroaki Muto, economist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management, agreed.
They are not just about what people are saying, but how they are saying it.” The show, a production of the Labyrinth Theater Company, plays through Oct. 25 at the Bank Street Theater.
Public Citizen, an advocacy group for consumers, has tabulated the court judgments against pharmaceutical manufacturers and the major financial settlements between them and federal and state governments over the past two decades.
He said India needed a strong leader who “doesn’t allow democracy to be a passport to misbehave.” Mr. Modi will face off against the Indian Congress Party, which has yet to name its candidate for prime minister.
Most cruisers are designed more for open spaces than alpine switchbacks.
I joined a tour, which started under an ancient live oak tree, where the very knowledgeable guide — a young man born and bred in the area — rattled off a complete history of the place.
Chris Barclay, whose riverside boutique hotel in Guangxi Province features a restored mud-brick barn, said that many of his Chinese guests booked for three nights.
But Republicans have shown no willingness to approve him, either.
If not, the studio should still profit — and profitability, said Mr. Grey, is not optional for his century-old business.
sigh… The Week’s Best Quotes Christian Pretorius explains how to set moods : “In the first second, that instant when you first establish eye contact before you say anything and before you break silence — give people your sincere smile.” Elizabeth Dunn and Michael Norton reveal the secret to buying happiness: “Experiential purchases — such as trips, concerts and special meals — are more deeply connected to our sense of self, making us who we are.
A woman sitting between the two men smiled.
Venerable British newspaper The Guardian has started a new advertising campaign to promote its brand and Web site to American audiences, Tanzina Vega reports .
The items were drawn from several collections including those from Harvard’s Houghton Library and the Getty Research Institute Library in Los Angeles.
Witnesses said the player threw only one punch before Portillo crumpled.
The games go seven innings, and pitchers are allowed only two warm-up pitches between innings.
But if you look closely at the data, the sequester still does seem to be affecting certain industries pretty badly.
America’s stature as an economic power is being threatened by societies above us and below us on the achievement scale.
In the early going without Kovalchuk, they absorbed a 5-4 shootout defeat at the Tampa Bay Lightning on March 29 and followed that with a 3-2 overtime loss at Florida the next day.
Many of the reporters who left messages did not mince words.
It can be tough, but failure and death — the fall into a bottomless pit or the collision with a spiky barricade — is just a finger-snap away from a restart at a nearby checkpoint.
The conflict in Syria grew out of the 2011 Arab Spring protests , when Syrians peacefully demonstrated in towns across the country against Mr. Assad, who succeeded his father, Hafez al-Assad, as president; between the two, the family has held the presidency for four decades.
There was a 19th-century American joke about two hunters — an American and a Native American — who go hunting all day but only get an owl and a turkey.
To me, a threat exists from militancy.
For most of its first decade, Candlestick was a baseball stadium.
“I cringe when I hear that dynasty business,” Namath said Tuesday.
A start-up, Outbox , is trying to change that by digitizing your mail.
At 18 days, this is the longest America’s Cup match in the event’s 162-year history.
Overworked, exhausted and with little outside support, how much longer can they continue?
In 2007, after objections from groups that did not like the idea of a Senate chaplain appearing alongside political figures, he canceled a speech he was scheduled to give at an evangelical event featuring, among others, Tony Perkins of the conservative Focus on the Family and the columnist and author Ann Coulter.
An eclectic, basic, affordable style allows the super-rich to conceal their soaring exclusivity and to mimic humble circumstances, while it permits the rapidly contracting classes below them to camouflage their precarious status.
Over all, China is the largest smartphone market in the world, accounting for one-third of worldwide shipments of smartphones in the second quarter; the United States is in second place, accounting for about 14 percent of shipments in the same period, according to Canalys .
But it clarified not only the choices that future mothers must make about their careers, but also how early in their careers they must begin to think about them.
Blackstone could take out as much as half of its roughly $550 million investment, these people said.
When the values of Judeo-Christian morality have been given a monetary and psychological incarnation — as in credit, debt, trust, faith and fidelity — can they exist as values?
There is a better, closer-to-home example of a place with relatively favorable landlord-tenant rules: New York City.
“Of course, in this case he made a mistake.” The Bulgarian announcement Tuesday that Hezbollah was believed to be behind the attack put significant pressure on European Union leaders to formally declare Hezbollah a terrorist organization and to crack down on the group’s fund-raising operations on the Continent.
State budget officials from around the country held a conference call last week to discuss the threatened cuts.
“Ariadne auf Naxos,” too, has special qualities, but even in its revision it remains problematic, with the brilliant Prologue tending to overshadow the leisurely paced Opera proper.
“These people die or are injured because the government failed to ensure security,” said Mr. Bitta, “therefore the government should follow up on a terror victim until he is able to earn a living for himself.” It took Mr. Bitta almost 12 years to ensure that the 18 injured during the Indian Parliament attack of 2001 were able to make a living, he said.
“Redistribution is a loaded word that conjures up all sorts of unfairness in people’s minds,” said William M. Daley, who was Mr. Obama’s chief of staff at the time.
… All of which seems to suggest that the twins have come to terms with the fact that while they didn’t ask for notoriety , they are now best known as the guys who lost out on a Sultan of Dubai-style payday.
Carlos Santana and Jason Giambi homered for the Indians, who won for just the third time in 10 games.
“They had three hands in my face.
Local policy makers want to open up the country’s banking sector to new entrants after a series of bailouts and forced mergers during the financial crisis left Britain’s five largest firms with an estimated 85 percent of personal checking accounts.
I certainly glory in the language of Williams and Albee and Shakespeare, and would not want every other show I attended to consist of verbatim conversations.
The pain makes it unbearable for him to sit, and he can stand for only limited periods before he needs to lie down.
The police and security forces were the principal instruments in a campaign of repression that lasted months in 2010-11 by Laurent Gbagbo , a president who was ousted by rebel fighters and French forces after he failed to give up office after his electoral defeat.
WHO else besides Americans are moving to Mexico for work?
The best-selling larger model, the 503, costs 6,174 renminbi.
And if it’s not, it’s not.
Johnson liked to take advantage of defenses that were unsettled.
Such sequences recall the interplay between the lovers John Smith and Pocahontas in “ The New World ,” which, while offering a more robust male point of view, nevertheless evolves into a story about a young woman’s heartbreak and transcontinental self-discovery.
“This is what I am busy with day to day, planning the future.
They said, “We’re going to do four families, and you’re going to be the West Coast family.” We asked the kids, and they all agreed.
His approval numbers are skyrocketing.
players who are part of Pittsburgh’s hockey operations, regularly assist Hynes and Nasreddine on the ice during practices.
Sen. Williams’s conclusion was promptly challenged by Sen. Hubert H. Humphrey, D. Minn., the majority whip.
From noon to 1:30 p.m., high school contest winners will read their works.
But even before that , Kevyn Orr, the city’s state-appointed emergency manager, raised the idea of selling works, as if the institute were a goose whose golden eggs included art by Rembrandt, van Gogh, Caravaggio, van Eyck and Breughel.
Its comeback is billed simply as “The Return.” But there is nothing easy about the band’s return to the home field after a 21-month suspension.
It’s not surprising to find that designated full-time teachers excel at teaching.
Sakic is now the Avalanche’s new head of hockey operations, and the club’s new coach is Patrick Roy, the starting goaltender from that 2001 team.
It stars Ms. Collette (“Tara”) and Dylan McDermott (“American Horror Story.”)
Some Israeli officials have argued that the Arab League should be in the vanguard of any attack, but it has shown little interest in direct military intervention in the Syrian conflict.
Elise Demboski, vice president for creative services at Mohawk Industries in Calhoun, Ga., called the motor home “a tremendous idea” that offers “an unexpected way to showcase products.” “I also appreciate that VP&C is pulling all its clients together through this project,” she added.
“They will stoop to any depth to make this happen.
Prices from 10 to 300 euros.
I led the race for the first 50 stories.
But it revealed a lot about the state of broadcasting, which appears increasingly antiquated in an age when wireless companies like AT&T and Verizon — instead of TV stations — are snapping up spectrum and using it to deliver Internet services like Aereo.
It is one of the earliest examples of the artist’s photo-paintings, based on a photograph of a shipwreck taken in March 1963 that he discovered in Quick, a German magazine.
“The pitch is unerringly right, the tone is mellow without being mushy, difficult leaps and runs are manipulated with the easy unobtrusiveness of a magician.” Though Mr. Starker eschewed romantic mannerisms, he did not stint Romantic works: he gave many well-received performances of the Dvorak concerto , the lush, haunting B minor staple of every concert cellist’s arsenal.
There are no more angry protests in neighborhood parks, just community meetings.
Here’s a peek inside one part of a science editor’s job: each week the team meets to discuss the articles that are about to be published in the big medical and scientific journals, which are released to us in advance under strict confidentiality rules.
MONTCLAIR Southside Johnny and The Asbury Jukes.
And there is probably no designer in New York who has more appreciation for Charles James, just announced as the subject of the Costume Institute’s next fashion exhibition, so it is not surprising that the fashion world is looking at Mr. Posen with fresh eyes.
was working with the company that markets Tamiflu, Genentech, to increase supplies.
But no one was like that.
In the long term, oral contraceptive use appears to have no link with breast cancer.
The stage started from the Provence village of Vaison-la-Romaine in the heart of Rhone winemaking country, and featured several medium-difficulty climbs along the 104-mile route to the Alpine town of Gap.
With its vast parking lot and concrete steps leading to the water, Habushi-ura wasn’t quite the tropical beach paradise we had expected, but it did have a kind of postmodern charm.
Some have stashed their beloved animals at rented farms in Hebei, the province that surrounds the capital, while those of modest means have come up with creative ways to evade the dog catchers, some of whom have admitted operating under quotas that require them to bring in 10 dogs each.
At Ms. Admony’s gathering, the unifying condiment would be zhoug, a green relish that could be described as a cross between hot salsa and chimichurri.
Mr. Carney said the president’s top aides were working to come up with an administrative fix to the problem of the cancellation of health insurance plans.
Paul Taylor is a Reuters correspondent.
Another worker later contacted the Suffolk County police.
The instant bargain lit a fire under a dormant title.
You could be looking for a gift for a friend or researching a report for cooking school.
At any rate, the Directors Guild, normally a reliable Oscar barometer, is now at odds with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which grants the Oscars.
And that is exactly what happened.
LH: And Matt Weiner is not afraid of the go-for-broke metaphor: People always say that cultural change accelerated in the late ’60s, but this amphetamine-laced, practically Chipmunked episode felt like a dramatic concept record played at pop-single 45 speed.
Both issues face a hard road, and action could slip into next week.
But fall stretched into early winter, then deep winter.
It is the leading force for foreign jihadists streaming into Syria from Iraq and other countries.
“This is when the tournament starts now, when everybody’s got a name to ’em,” Johnson said.
Maito was nearly full when Mr. Fábrega and I found a table under paddle fans next to a window.
Mr. Leahy made his comments during a spending hearing that included Mr. Hagel and Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
“You’ve changed my world tonight,” he says as he leaves.
“I have voted for a Republican for president ever since I was voting and since I was 18 years old.” Mr. Lhota, 58, who lives in Brooklyn Heights, has a biography that seems ready-made for a mayoral race: his father was a New York police lieutenant, his grandfathers a New York firefighter and a taxi driver.
I raised my hand and said something once more about the pickles.
The menu lists dozens of options, from the flying fish scramble of eggs with smoked salmon and dill ($11) to the “Sklarmageddon” — “an omelet built to kill” that’s loaded with three meats, jalapeño cheese, red-chili pecans and maple sour cream ($12.50).
They have been given nothing, absolutely nothing.
Cogitating on sex rarely, in my experience, leads to the sheltered private island of sanity and well-being.
Olynyk has 13 points and 6 boards, including a nice fadeaway baseline jumper for the Zags’ last points of the half.
Some aluminum brokers and users had urged the exchange to forbid warehouses from charging rent during any delivery delays.
All the right assumptions are already in place, and they’re enforced by people to whom such things matter.
The bank would require a bailout of 30 billion rubles (roughly $910 million) from Russia’s deposit insurance program, a state news agency reported.
“This is less than a few meters from my apartment.” Wars move through history not just as lands conquered, governments overthrown and rosters of the dead and maimed, but in streams of humans with suitcases and totes, going places with things they must keep.
Wild General Manager Chuck Fletcher also declined an interview request.
The United States government has traditionally banned alcohol on reservations, but during the past 20 years, as more tribes have opened casinos — which are the leading economic drivers on many reservations — those prohibitions have been relaxed by tribes.
WHERE TO STAY Rooms at Le Jardin des Plumes (33-2-32-54-26-35; lejardindesplumes.fr ) range from 180 to 320 euros.
Like I.S.S., Glass Lewis raised questions about the terms of the deal, including a payout to shareholders of more than $4 a share and a cumulative 26 percent stake in the combined company.
Socrates tells a story about the cicadas.
But to many Northerners, the sight of newly freed slaves was not a promise of Union victory.
Referring to Al Jazeera’s public estimate that it received 18,000 job applications for the 170 positions it advertised last winter, he said, “This is the first big journalism hiring binge that anyone’s been on for a long time.” Mr. Velshi’s plan to leave CNN was announced internally earlier this week.
“Problems are rolling all around in front of your eyes,” Mr. Toyoda said of those days in “Inside the Mind of Toyota.” “Whether you pick them up and treat them as problems is a matter of habit.
(Dargis) ‘Wadjda’ (PG, 1:37) Haifaa al-Mansour’s touching film, the first feature directed by a Saudi woman, tells the story of Wadjda (Waad Mohammed), a 10-year-old struggling with the restrictions placed on her by religion and tradition.
“While no single step can reverse the effects of climate change,” one circulated statement said, “the President believes we have a moral obligation to our kids to leave them a planet that’s not polluted and damaged.” Of course this climate plan is just rhetoric until it is translated into on-the-ground actions.
But she didn’t bring it up.
Its position along the Aspetuck River on a remote stretch of Route 202 in Marbledale, Conn., a few miles north of New Milford, makes the White Horse very much a country pub.
“I’m saying that it did not make that injury at the same time that the fatal shot was fired because it simply doesn’t line up.” The Times gave Dr. Bulic the replica of the gun and tactical light, which measures within a tenth of an inch of the actual weapon, and asked him to demonstrate how the eye wound might have occurred.
The degree of relief the administration would provide for a “first step” would depend on the nuclear constraints Iran was willing to accept, officials said.
Always the consummate banker, Mr. Weisel even tried to help Mr. Armstrong raise funds to buy the Tour de France itself.
You shouldn’t treat friends and family any differently.”
Especially since December, Ms. Liu has attracted a trickle of visitors who have tried to outwit guards and police officers outside her apartment, sometimes successfully.
record with his 24th career game with at least four scoring throws, eclipsing Brett Favre’s mark.
Musical Mysteries,” featuring characters from the animated series.
The other thing is that we have little toy horses on our tables in all our meeting rooms.
Mickelson won four times on tour in 2005.
Jacobs made a special plea to the young Charlotte Forten, an abolitionist poet, who would move to the freedman settlement at Port Royal, S.C., as one of its first black teachers.
The party also found unusual ways of protesting the spiraling onion prices.
In northern Italy this past week, the Milan soccer team walked off the field after fans of the opposing team yelled abuse at black teammates.
Some experts contend other factors might also be in play in those decisions, including an investment of years by some researchers to set up the study.
“Did you hear?” he asked.
Last December, controversy flared at the World Conference on International Telecommunications in Dubai when the United States among others refused to sign a treaty seeking to establish certain online rules over fears it could lead to more government censorship of the Internet.
The impasse over the police chief further reflects the fragility of Lebanese institutions.
They fouled off pitches and refused to chase his fastball, which topped out at around 87 miles per hour.
Bale is their most potent weapon, by far.
The way he molds his game to his new teammates — and whether he can rediscover his form, which withered some the past two seasons — is a compelling subplot that will need to wait.
Most dishes are equally hearty.
“I believe the request for the changes came initially from the airlines.
“The number of games, I’m unsure of.
Fernandez (10-5) allowed four hits and did not walk a batter as he lowered his E.R.A.
But I don’t think that’s right.
“It was rough, but it was a living.
“I was just going to class and going to work,” he noted, uncomplainingly.
The notions she had about ending her life were mostly fantasy.
The panel is part of the city’s broader, so-called sustainability campaign, known as PlaNYC .
These fund managers get paid mainly to manage other people’s money.
I was wrong about that.
They have had to create words for items like golf courses and iPads that did not exist when Latin was spoken.
If that shift continues, the federal government’s going to have more and more say-so about how the money is allocated.
“To give these guys a rest going into the next series is good.” After the game, the clubhouse was swarmed with television lights, and players were confronted with questions about their reactions to the latest disclosure about the now-closed anti-aging clinic in South Florida that was suspected of providing performance-enhancing drugs to various players.
Students “always sort themselves to the high side,” Mr. Leipold said.
He then executes a series of precise dance steps along the narrow metal band.
The Times’s “ Manual of Style and Usage ” calls it “a last resort,” noting that anonymous sources are to be used sparingly, only when the information cannot be provided any other way, and certainly never to smear anyone.
One educator there said that Shaaliver usually followed directions and did not get into fights, and that his mother was an involved parent.
Plans for a 200-room hotel, designed by Thomas Leeser and complete with a basement performance space and rooftop bar , are in the works.
We realized that they also want to be liberated from outdated, paternalistic, patriarchal structures which deny freedom.
The question of retirement looms over Li.
But an entire population does not have to appear skeletal for malnutrition deaths to be real, the experts say.
Styles range from Swiss chalet, English Tudor and center-hall colonial to the more contemporary; many houses have pools.
(An expanded book on the topic is scheduled to come out next year.)
At midday, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was up more than 0.94 percent in morning trading, while the Dow Jones industrial average was up 1.05 percent.
And the modernity of this retelling — like that of the superlative current British National Theater production of “Othello” — is thrilling; this is the opposite of a period piece.
The sculptor Harry Bertoia preferred hammering metals to dealing with paperwork.
The hockey program in Iqaluit, the territorial capital, produced a minor league goalie, Paul Dainton, formerly of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, who played this season with the Springfield Falcons of the A.H.L.
Storefront, which charges renters a commission of 6 to 12 percent, also provides general liability insurance.
Police are still investigating a motive.
They’re dishwasher safe and house-gift perfect: Anthropologie stores, $6 each, and anthropologie.com .
Movement Electronic, Music Festival, Detroit The city that the journalist Charlie LeDuff recently noted has fallen on such hard times that its dead are being moved to more desirable locations still maintains its status as an incubator of electronic music.
Sitting in his Ford pickup next to Section 35, he unfolded a sheet of white paper that tracked the decline of his grandfather’s well: from 1,600 gallons a minute in 1964, to 1,200 in 1975, to 750 in 1976.
It was also their first game without their injured captain, Ryan Callahan, who is out 10 to 14 days with a left shoulder injury.
Arthur Kaminsky, a powerful sports agent and longtime resident of Manhasset, makes a case for Brown as the greatest athlete in American history, based on versatility and domination.
With no background check and no limits, it is easy for anybody to buy guns in a parking lot, fill up the trunk and sell their wares to criminal clients in New York City — no questions asked.
Others are already considering a parent’s ability to pay in many of their admissions decisions.
Democrats “will have trouble in a lot of areas because there’s going to be a lot of anger,” said Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, specifically warning that a United Nations disability treaty was now in danger of being rejected for the second time.
So US publicly backs down bec an Islamic fundamentalist group responded to us on Twitter??
Museum hours, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., Fifth Avenue, at 103rd Street, (212) 534-1672, mcny.org; $10, $6 for students and 65+, $20 for families, free for members and 12 and under.
“I don’t want to become as good as I once was,” Woods said.
The JOBS Act set the end of last year as the deadline for final rules on crowdfunding, but the S.E.C.
I plan to answer some of the major ones in my column this coming weekend — and to cover others in the weeks ahead, along with my colleagues.
Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, who once represented Santa Cruz in Congress, spoke at the slain officers’ memorial service and suggested that this slap on the wrist paved the way for Goulet’s final, horrific crime.
Next we need an app to address those empty soda cans.
A community banking survey by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation showed that community banks currently maintain capital ratios approaching 10 percent of their assets.
Around 2,000 protesters were walking from the madrasa to the paramilitary camp.
The incoming freshmen start Beast Barracks — or basic training — in late June, and upperclassmen must take part in leadership training that can include simulated combat missions and Ranger School and can take cadets to places like Fort Benning, Ga., and Germany.
That’s why I wear the hats, to keep everyone away from me,” Ms. Blow is quoted in the exhibition’s notes as saying.
Clark Fredricksen, a vice president at the digital research firm eMarketer, said that Twitter’s decision to make its feed more visually attractive makes sense on multiple levels and helps it compete with the image and video-friendly services of competitors like Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook.
Across a table in his two-bedroom apartment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, Mr. Donziger for the first time in recent years spoke publicly about the personal travails that he says have engulfed him.
Green of the Bengals led an offensive explosion in a win over the Vikings.
The officer showed zero interest in our paperwork.
WHERE have other deadly nightclub fires occurred in recent years?
By the E.P.A.’s calculations, no state has been as inept in distributing the money as California.
That red frame takes the SE into slightly more provocative styling territory than its understated predecessors.
Chanted by the other dancers, with weird leaps to Chipmunk pitch, it’s no more intelligible.
In return, you get your money back, plus interest.
He was adamant that the Bulls, who have dropped three in a row, would not use Rose’s absence as an excuse — even if others were using it as a reason to write off their title hopes.
“This is the next frontier, but we’re not there yet,” said Mr. Díaz-Rato, the investment adviser.
Within months, relying on Lorillard’s decades-old distribution channels, Blu displaced NJOY as the market leader.
Every restaurant in the States was fighting to get their one annual case of the obvious big-ticket wines like Raveneau or Beaucastel.
The way college basketball is headed these days, March has some company in the madness department.
The seductive excitement of Weimar-era Berlin — with its limitless sexual possibilities for the curious gay writer and parties where dancers “swayed in partial-paralytic rhythms under a huge sunshade suspended from the ceiling” — quickly inspired Isherwood.
Closed January and February, except Presidents’ Day weekend (check Web site for up-to-date schedule).
So what accounts for the difference in the number of poor students enrolled in two similar elite public university systems, California’s and Michigan’s?
Rinne squatted down to cover the puck, but van Riemsdyk took it before Rinne could get his glove on it and carried it around to the opposite side, where he slid it into the open net.
But the government has ruled out talks with Islamist groups, including Ansar Dine.
About 62,000 of those injuries have occurred since the start of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, said the Department of Veterans Affairs.
They exemplify the kind of obvious, emotionally manipulative work that functions more as an editorial than as art; seems generated by little personal necessity; borrows liberally from other artists and ubiquitous tropes; and tends to clog far too many overly earnest international exhibitions.
She wore baggy, oversize boyfriend-y jeans suspended above her super-slim hips by little more than a casual canvas belt and a prayer, and she was surprisingly smiley.
DealBook » Weak Bank Revenues Show the Tough Road Back for the Economy | Low interest rates are crimping a major source of bank profits.
Mr. Gearty was involved with sounds, but David Magee, the scriptwriter for “Life of Pi,” almost wrote a film that was largely silent, Melena Ryzik writes .
In 25 years, her group has invested $33 million in over 280 community-based organizations, affecting the lives of 5.4 million women and children in New York City.
Max Scherzer took a shutout into the eighth inning Saturday and became baseball’s first 16-game winner as the host Detroit Tigers held on for a 3-0 victory against the Chicago White Sox.
Taliban commanders often hail from the same villages the army is trying to extend its influence to, making it difficult to persuade residents to shun the insurgents.
Rob Deichert Jr., the founder of TheRudeHamptons.com, said that he prefers a less searingly personal approach.
Unemployment is up; investment is down.
Among the novel’s most successful, and unnerving, set pieces is the car bombing of Portland’s Pioneer Courthouse Square during a Christmas tree lighting ceremony.
Two Catholic state legislators who voted to approve same-sex marriage there cited the words of Pope Francis: “Who am I to judge?” The pope said those words in response to a question about gay people during a long, freewheeling interview on an airplane in July.
He believed, as Mary McCarthy once wrote about a character based on him, that “if he could tell the whole truth about himself, he would tell the whole truth about any ordinary American.” Thus in his fiction he returned often to his Arcadian childhood; to his high school job at the local newspaper; to his lone year at Syracuse University, which ended in humiliation when his crush on a fraternity brother was cruelly exposed.
The Detroit Lions selected Summerall in the fourth round of the 1952 draft (45th over all).
He had already sent out earlier signals, declining to live in the papal apartments in the Apostolic Palace, chiding prelates for driving fancy cars and announcing that church properties should be used as shelters for refugees.
The study’s methodology was straightforward.
United Nations investigators in Geneva also reported on the same day that they had found “reasonable grounds to believe limited quantities of toxic chemicals were used” in Aleppo.
At other times, he praised the place.
Besides, on the concourse level, at least, the trough-style urinals in the men’s rooms are working just fine.
But the way the strings play tremolos is a wonder of the Western world.
( Autoblog ) • Global supply chains are nothing new in the automotive industry, but industry analysts say that last week’s huge air bag recall shows the problems inherent in many manufacturers relying upon the same small group of suppliers.
At any rate, I took up my friend’s advice and e-mailed Steven, suggesting that if he were coming to New York that I’d be interested in meeting him.
2, which had included Apple’s plans to eliminate its preferred shares.
Speakers from the National Association of Manufacturers, among other business groups, featured prominently at the conference.
Nothing was found on the roof, Mr. Beckman said.
The businesses that were raided last week as part of the criminal investigation included Statewide Oil and Heating in Brooklyn — a company that is among several that deliver oil for Hess and that until 2011 delivered for Castle — and four interrelated companies that deal in waste oil: County Oil Company and J.
Under the scalding sun of the City Hall steps, Mr. Williams needled the mayor and Mr. Kelly, saying civil rights groups and the bill’s supporters “have more faith in our police” than its opponents.
Until December 2009, her mother, a freelance editor and writer, was the editor of content development for The New York Times Regional Newspaper Group.
Now it’s time for Gov.
I followed ordinary Congolese farmers as they fled their besieged villages and undertook the long, dangerous journey along the road from Goma to Kanyaruchinya Refugee Camp.
But then one of his advisers, Arvind Kejriwal, made a tactical move.
Jay Wright, the Villanova coach, sent Pitino a text message Saturday.
The director Zal Batmanglij, who was profiled in a recent Arts & Leisure article , has made his second film, a thriller titled “The East” (May 31) that he wrote with Brit Marling.
In Bangladesh, a program begun in 2002 by a nonprofit group, Building Resources Across Communities, shows how this might be achieved.
First, listen to the bidding.
Tonight at 6 p.m., the Workmen’s Circle, a Jewish fraternal organization, is holding a free-for-all instructional session on the theme “Pickle Like It’s 1895.” It happens at the group’s headquarters in the garment district .
“When we fail to allow access, women will find other ways,” said State Senator Earline W. Parmon, a Democrat.
“There’s a recognition that it’s easier to work together in a more open environment where there aren’t barrier and walls,” he said.
“There were a lot of years to cover,” Mr. Copeland said.
Whenever I put it on, I remember how much fun I had acquiring it.
Slowly, the gun came up out of the water, muzzle down – and got stuck.
Ms. Silverman has created a modern fairy tale, a little bad wolf whose lopsided grin reveals its crooked, bloody teeth.
“Wedding guests have to be fed so hearty a meal that they talk about it for months.” Mahesh Bhandari, a furniture importer who crafts menus for the numerous weddings in his large family, said, “People are traveling the world and know exactly what they want.
He puts the pollen in bottles and flies to distant places around the world to create ephemeral installations of yellow dust on museum and gallery floors and inseminate the minds of his viewers with thoughts of harmony between human civilization and nature.
The measures, as well as the creation of an E.U.-wide data privacy regulator, were originally proposed last year by Viviane Reding, the European justice commissioner.
Townsend (North) responded three spades, showing a three no-trump response with four hearts and fewer than four spades.
He briefly worked for the Prudential Insurance Company, but in 1952 approached Joe and Henry Taub , the classmates who had only recently started the payroll firm.
The backlash, in the form of voter disapproval of the latest gilded condo project and open scorn of the digital elite, has reached a stage where even techies no longer want to be called techies.
For that reason, among many others, it is hard to imagine Donovan not making an impact next summer in Brazil.
But the approach has limitations on a continent as large as Africa, where a shortage of resources is chronic and regional partners are weak.
clubs and the players’ union before, distributing a series of videos in which several professional and college sports teams have expressed support of its mission of “ensuring equality, respect and safety for all athletes, without regard to sexual orientation.” Among the N.H.L.
The win against Barcelona was the first time any team other than Real Madrid had won the Cup.
“If there’s clear evidence that the administration knew this event was a terrorist attack immediately, yet told the world a different story for weeks, that document needs to be made public,” Mr. Buck said.
It is finally dark and silent — or is it?
When President Obama released his budget, Walden put on his NRCC hat and homed in on the much-publicized proposal to reduce the way cost-of-living raises are computed for Social Security.
Among Washington fixations, gardening rests somewhere between filibuster reform and the fate of the Nationals.
The Walt Disney Company will take a significant step toward equalizing the business of advertising on television and online this spring when three of the networks owned by the company, ABC, ABC Family and ESPN, offer advertisers guarantees for video programming distributed both on television and online.
The host Hurricanes (15-3, 6-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) held Florida State (11-8, 3-3) to a season-low 31 percent shooting and have not allowed any opponent to shoot better than 50 percent this season.
It’s accepted wisdom that housecleaners work so effectively because the things aren’t theirs, they have a job to do, no memories stop them when they pick up Aunt Muriel’s antique vase.
“Then the question is, ‘OK, now that we know that, what do we do?’” Decades ago, the Mets would have never known the specific injury and Harvey might have fizzled out.
So it’s more like how to adapt to this little disappointment and how to still feel good.
While many of his Atlanta friends were being jailed or shot, he would call Webb to brag that he had made honor roll.
In December, Joaquín Almunia, the European competition commissioner, allowed 3, an operator based in Hong Kong, to buy a rival, Orange Austria, from France Télécom, in a $1.7 billion fusion that reduced the number of national network operators in the country to three from four.
There is parking for four cars, but no garage.
“We’re tiptoeing into a potentially very deep and interesting new way of communicating.” Mitchell Stephens, author of “The Rise of the Image, the Fall of the Word,” and a journalism professor at New York University, talking about apps like Instagram and Snapchat that allow dialogue through photography.
And restricted free agents like Bucks guard Brandon Jennings and Sacramento guard Tyreke Evans could be available.
Neighbors reported hearing about 14 shots from what sounded like three different weapons.
“It was startling to read it, and the reaction was explosive,” said Mr. Grueskin, now the academic dean at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism.
Yet the price freeze applies to several different brands of wine and liquor , six ice-cream desserts and 12 types of olives — as well as 22 deodorants.
Adaptability is a key to personal and global sustainability.
And she is not allowed to tip.
It stated that their policy was not “to target our exchange rates for competitive purposes” and that “excess volatility of financial flows and disorderly movements in exchange rates have adverse implications for economic and financial stability.” This followed a slightly different statement from the Group of 7 nations saying that the countries “have been and will remain oriented toward meeting our respective domestic objectives using domestic instruments, and that we will not target exchange rates.” Bland prose like this is typical of these gatherings, yet the Group of 7 appeared to endorse Japan’s efforts.
So J. R. and Toussaint (who got to know each other when the chairman of the South African group visited Cabrini-Green) started a Chicago chapter together.
My friend made an interesting point, something I had never really considered.
They then feel comforted that Helicopter Ben will have the resolve to stop the money drop — one day.
Ahead of 2014 elections, Ms. Rousseff stands to gain among some elements within the governing Workers Party by meeting their demands for a strong response on the spying issue, but political analysts here pointed out that Brazil’s move was still relatively mild, and avoided the expulsion of United States diplomats or limits on investments by American companies.
But Chomsky is also a prominent public intellectual whose opinions on a wide range of political topics — American foreign policy, the Middle East, capitalism, fossil fuels, education, etc.
He said he would apply a different standard to the investment of city pension funds than to money in a family charity.
The Times has a guide .
My career has been a big zigzag, and if you would have said to a graduate and literature major aged 20 that she’d be running her own venture capital firm 25 years later, I wouldn’t have known what to say.
Axe is contracting with the Space Expedition Corporation , which plans to begin conducting commercial flights on Lynx, a suborbital space plane, in 2014.
The pink figure holds a bottle of 2003 Dom Pérignon Rosé.
Canticle IV: “The Journey of the Magi” (1971) is a setting of T. S. Eliot’s well-known poem of the same title, scored for three male singers portraying the three kings, driven to undertake their arduous journey for reasons they cannot explain to themselves.
The proposed regulations, formally known as a directive, seek to put teeth into enforcement.
The first craft, orbiting at 22,300 miles, relayed signals to the United States from Japan that let American television viewers watch live coverage of the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
It’s an open heart.” She added, “It has to be that more than the word ‘gullible.’ ” Another crucial step was persuading Mr. Garman to reprise his central role.
Even then, it struck me that newsmagazines were doomed, with the strange bifurcation of reporters who were not allowed to write and writers who were not allowed to report.
I worry that I can’t have both.
The Cubs were ahead, 3-0, in the eighth inning, five outs from their first World Series appearance in 58 years, when Bartman reached for and deflected a foul ball that left fielder Moises Alou had leapt for and appeared ready to catch.
David N. Arseneault, the associate head coach, wrote in an e-mail that he would remember the game as “a team accomplishment, which allowed us to get in a position where, together, we could play our best basketball.” In an essay titled “In Defense of 138,” Doug Cutchins, the college’s director of social commitment, attributed Grinnell’s victory to “an innovative, data-driven system that relies on selfless teamwork to create the most fun basketball I’ve ever watched, all produced by young men that we should celebrate, not denigrate.” Grinnell’s public information office supplied this columnist with examples of even larger margins of victory last season, like William Penn beating Central Christian 140-53.
On Thursday, as a result of that renewed investigation, the police announced they had taken two 18-year-old men into custody for questioning .
That is, the unconscious gravitation toward a familiar or unthreatening sort of wine because it is the path of least resistance.
Yet Ramsey grapples daily with the sobering reality that what he wants to achieve most — helping Sarah make a full recovery from a severe stroke she sustained in 2007 — seemingly cannot be done.
In the ad, which appeared to be from a catalog, the racket was listed as model A528, with a dealers’ wholesale price of $5.60.
The given auction happened at both tables in one match.
material have been covered in newspapers, television stations, nearly 20 major media outlets have done it.
“Say you love me.” Nina obliges, but when she does, she sounds like a robot.
The microbiome of the digestive system is particularly important.
She mused, half seriously, about complementing the choir with occasional “laser light shows,” à la Pink Floyd.
“They read and react and move.” At the same time, McCallum found it almost impossible at practice to simulate Syracuse’s length.
EDUCATION Some analysts say that foreign schools in the Gulf, locally financed but serving student bodies that are still dominated by foreigners, seem like bubbles cut off from local culture and society.
He also said that Mr. Horvath concealed from Mr. Steinberg the fact that the information he had obtained was illegal.
Hyland had notified Gaffney at 8 a.m. that he would have to pull double duty.
“It doesn’t matter whose name is on the side of the plane.” Mr. Holder said the department hoped for a settlement, but remained “fully prepared to take this case to trial.” He added, “We will not agree to something that does not fundamentally resolve the concerns that were expressed in the complaint.” The Justice Department has approved several mergers in recent years, including the combination of Delta Air Lines and Northwest, United and Continental, and Southwest and AirTran.
• For more Thursday events, see The New York Times’s Arts & Entertainment guide .
His first campaign mailer did not include his photo, and that was no oversight.
Horace H. Dediu, a mobile industry analyst at Asymco , says Samsung’s focus on capital spending was the main reason for why it is so successful.
report showed that 13 of the 18 industries surveyed had an increase in activity last month.
The elections of Barack Obama to the presidency, of Cory Booker to the Senate in New Jersey and of Deval Patrick to governor in Massachusetts clearly show that such biracial alliances are now achievable.
These results showed an additional six products containing horse DNA since the first set of industry tests was announced last week.
Also, The Nation reveals how Walmart helped make the AR-15 the most popular assault weapon in America .
It would have been perfect!
Such control over sites of traumatic memory suggests the state is deeply anxious about restoration of forgotten histories, especially the crimes it committed against its own citizens in the recent past.
The company has been barred from bidding for the rollout of a national broadband network in Australia, faces exclusion from the government network in Canada and is not allowed to sell telecommunications equipment to U.S. carriers.
But when they return home with their child and the excitement dies down and the troubles begin because they cannot handle their child, their dreams turn to muck.
Moses, now 40, began coaching her daughters at Franklin High School.
Questions about whether Stoudemire, a six-time All-Star, could regain his offensive effectiveness appear, in hindsight, almost silly.
And, in the movie, it’s fans who do most of the emotional heavy lifting, as seen in home videos and earnest YouTube clips, and in the crowd at his show, screaming unreservedly.
I did love the clue for OVAL OFFICE: “Bushes were once found there.” Very witty, Messrs. Steinberg and Shortz.
“You want to have a go?” He dived down for a look, but couldn’t find it.
Michael has now fallen to eighth in the national baby-name rankings .
The prospect of all of Brooklyn dancing like Mr. Brown’s company is a glorious idea of community service.
“Contemporary art is occupied namely with negation,” he said.
“This has traditionally been a neighborhood where nonprofits have existed,” said Jennifer Ogden, another CBRE broker who is also marketing the floors.
Among the other, younger composers presenting new work are the cornetist Taylor Ho Bynum and the saxophonists Steve Lehman, Chris Jonas and Ingrid Laubrock.
He has created “Hat-ology,” an exhibition at Milan’s Palazzo Morando (until Nov. 30).
The basketball star Steve Nash owns a movie production company.
In the fourth round, it was 70.5 before the 20-major drought and 71.7 during.
GRAPE & VINE Frederick Lesort is best known for attracting boldface names to his clubby venues, but he’s changed his tune with this restaurant in Greenwich Village.
He graduated with honors from Lyndon State College and received a master’s in English literature from Columbia.
The government has tied Mr. Cohen to Mr. Martoma’s trading.
Certain artists — like Amar Kanwar, from India, and Araya Rasdjarmrearnsook, from Thailand — have international reputations.
Ms. Abbott, who stands just 5 foot 3 and 118 pounds, can change two 90-pound tires in 14 seconds, but her goal is to shave that down to 12 seconds flat.
Seattle also made the cross-country trip, traveling to Florida to face the N.A.S.L.
But that seems a manageable concern once a drug has been approved.
She called on the speaker “to provide justification for why he should continue to lead the conference.” And Jane L. Corwin, a Republican assemblywoman from the Buffalo area, echoed the view of her party, saying: “The only person I’m more appalled by than Vito is Speaker Silver.
Mr. Morales was on his way home from a meeting in Moscow.
But Chinese society is now much more diverse and divided than it was under Mr. Deng.
“Close to $3 billion or more,” all in cash, according to The Wall Street Journal , which cites unidentified people briefed on the matter.
— “ A Dean’s Advice to Seniors: Don’t Slack Off ” by Martha C. Merrill, dean of admission and financial aid at Connecticut College “I can tell you that as we review final high school transcripts (and our admissions counselors read all of them), any student who either failed a class their final semester or fell below a 2.0 G.P.A.
“Things just happened,” she said.
Finally, we just made the type huge, and that gave it some energy, and we refined it from there.
The inventory of available homes on the market dropped to 1.82 million in December, the lowest in 12 years.
“They’re in one common struggle.” Mr. Maliki has not expressed outright support for President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, whose minority Alawite sect is an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
“I am definitely striving to be the No.
“Feedback” sessions are held for those deemed insufficiently swift.
In “ Internet Study Finds the Persuasive Power of ‘Like,’ ” Kenneth Chang writes about new research that suggests popularity breeds more popularity online.
The third and final submission is the version you’re solving today.
Amina Wadud, an American scholar who has spoken widely on women’s role in Islam, has said that lectures she was scheduled to give last week to students and faculty at the University of Madras, in Chennai, were canceled after the organizer said the police were concerned about maintaining law and order.
Certainly my friend, who had retreated to a dressing room with some options — the best was a party dress sheer above the chest and on the arms ($2,350) — was well doted on.
The suspects fled on foot.
But his new plan mostly talks about biofuels – about which don’t get me started (see here , here and here ).
After a 7-25 season and a litany of player arrests, Hofstra fired its men’s basketball coach, Mo Cassara, on Friday morning after three seasons.
The La Poire and Ginger has Grey Goose pear vodka, Domaine de Canton ginger liqueur, fresh lemon juice and simple syrup.
He played a total of 71 regular-season games for Vancouver, recording 17 goals and 35 points before the trade.
Mr. Burzichelli, a lawyer working in the Manhattan offices of Greenberg, Burzichelli and Greenberg , where he is a partner, has been co-hosting tailgate parties here since 1993.
A federal judge cleared the way on Tuesday for consumers to challenge President Obama’s health care law on the grounds that the federal government cannot legally provide subsidies to people who buy insurance through the exchange run by it.
94 was a tiny dot on last year’s tracing.
SOUTHAMPTON “Not the Devil’s Workshop: Women’s Hand Work, 1800-1930.” Through April 27.
Budget deficits, one symptom of the crisis, are being cut.
A hearing for the two will be held at Camp Lejeune to determine if there is enough evidence to proceed to a formal court-martial.
Here’s the statement The Times has put out on this.
The three authors make the case that the interconnected world economy has reached what they call an “asymmetric equilibrium” in which the United States “adopts a ‘cutthroat’ reward structure, with high-powered incentives for success, while other countries free-ride on this frontier economy and choose a more egalitarian, ‘cuddly,’ reward structure.” Directly challenging what they describe as the consensus view – that a country can substantially expand the welfare state without sacrificing its pioneering role in technological innovation – Acemoglu and his colleagues write that it is “the more ‘cutthroat’ American society that makes possible the more ‘cuddly’ Scandinavian societies based on a comprehensive social safety net, the welfare state and more limited inequality.” In an e-mail, Acemoglu provided the following analogy: The U.S. is also the military leader of the world, and it cannot imitate Finland and reduce its military to a trivial size without taking into account the global repercussions of this (and I’m saying this as somebody who is strongly opposed to U.S. military interventions around the world).
Terrell L. Skinner, 26, was killed and three others were wounded in a shooting in the parking lot of the Whistle Stop bar in Canton, Ohio , early Sunday.
But he needed help, from a disparate cast of characters, including a Republican City Council member from Queens, Daniel J. Halloran III, and two Republican leaders from Queens and the Bronx, Vincent Tabone and Joseph J. Savino.
Why would a mayor be so disconnected from working people that he would never expect — not in a million years — a truck driver’s support?
The lawyer who handles our tax appeals said the assessment increased because there were so many apartments being rented at market rents.
Many readers felt that the threat from militancy, which has cost tens of thousands of civilian lives, was the main issue that needed to be addressed by the winning party.
In Wednesday’s call, the company noted that Microsoft’s Surface Pro tablet, which carries a high-margin Intel chip, was not counted in the PC sales numbers by I.D.C.
Ms. Ko, one of the speakers at the University of Hong Kong program, said that these courses would encourage women to put themselves forward for board-level positions.
Most of these wines are based on the nebbiolo variety, which is more often associated with the wines of the Langhe region, including Barolo and Barbaresco.
Although The Times later said that further reporting strengthened the story enough to justify publishing it, few doubt that Mr. Risen’s book was what took an essentially dead story and revived it in late 2005.
Because concerts and dance performances will be held on the main plaza through the fall, the architect Norman Foster’s firm, Foster & Partners, was commissioned to provide some relief from the elements.
There have been few studies of the effects of group medical appointments on chronic disease.
It was a rarefied virtuosic swoon, not really a New York thing.
My problem with Oscar always begins with the first utterance of those dread words, “I’d like to thank….” My hands involuntarily reach for the Bayer bottle and a Tum.
And yet they belong to the first generation of elders within easy grasp of something once so rare and valuable that relatively few historic figures could enjoy it until now: virtual immortality.
No, I should hate this book because it’s written entirely in verse, and I am a committed poetryphobe.
He and his partner, Jeffrey Gomez, rushed from work to the clerk’s office on Friday after hearing about the ruling.
Whether any charges are ever filed is likely to focus on what was said to Congress rather than a violation of anyone’s civil rights.
“That was the one thing I was wondering if we’d see today,” she says, “was a car all covered in plants.” (Pynchon writes in “Vineland”: “She was a California kid, and she trusted in vegetation.”) At the top of the hill on a quiet street is Kate and Laura’s childhood home, announced by dead-unison squealing: “That’s our bus stop!” “Everything went down at that bus stop,” Laura explains, while Kate clambers out of the van.
Mr. Nevins, in a telephone interview, called the genre a “huge opportunity.” Documentaries, he said, “have a lot of currency right now.
To prevent that from happening, the Constitution itself would have to be amended.
After more than two decades roaming the globe, he still feels he can contribute.
But a move in recent years to raise admission standards resulted in a sharp drop in new entries, to just over 4,200 last year from about 8,000 in 2010, according to a report this year by the Oxford Consulting Group.
Because most previous versions featured larger ensembles, there’s also a sense of reduction, as if the album were an exhibition of preparatory sketches.
That firm told the story of one former Ernst partner who was sued.
“The denial of civil marriage to same-sex couples does not mean that their children will be raised by married opposite-sex couples,” the brief says.
The latest volley, from his new book, “ The Map and the Territory ,” is a warning that the Fed’s balance sheet expansion — $3.8 trillion and counting — may unleash inflation.
“The pleasing thing from my point of view is he’s quite calm,” Australia Coach Darren Lehmann said after Bailey was chosen.
But the former mayor of the Lebanese border town of Aarsal told reporters that 10,000 had sought refuge.
“They’re very long, so obviously that’s helpful.
While the network has had its overall problems in recent years, its prime-time comedy lineup — once an NBC hallmark — has been a particular challenge, and it has lost signature series like “30 Rock” and “The Office.” Over the seasons Mr. Harmon has tested the patience of studio and network executives with what could be seen as a relentless pursuit of perfection or an unwillingness to adhere to deadlines.
In the past 18 months, Read, who has captained the All Blacks when McCaw has been absent, has become a world-class No.
“I’ve always been drawn to vernacular architecture,” she said, which she defined as architecture “that seems to have just kind of happened.” Ms. Dennis’s attraction to improvisation infuses “Coney Night Maze,” her largest work to date.
The sensor does not have a Lightning connector, so it is not compatible with the iPhone 5.
France, along with regional and municipal governments in and around Crolles, would contribute 600 million euros to the project, which is part of an industry the government is eager to promote.
He went on to become the Sephardic chief rabbi of Tel Aviv.
(Isherwood) ‘You Never Can Tell’ This Pearl Theater Company revival of George Bernard Shaw’s subversive comedy of errors focusing on the Clandon clan may not deliver the sociopolitical punch that Shaw intended, but it is brightened by some strong performances, particularly those of Dan Daily as a wizened waiter and Zachary Spicer as his son, a smug barrister who has embarrassed his servant-class father by rising above his social status (2:15).
Supporters see Uhuru as a messiah figure who has sacrificed himself on his community’s behalf.
The administration’s plan to provide food rations and medical supplies to the Free Syrian Army seems unconnected to a coherent broader strategy.
When Tim Samaras began chasing tornadoes more than two decades ago, he was one of a small, mostly anonymous group of scientists and thrill seekers armed with paper maps, weather radios and a sense of wonder.
After initially suspending Mr. Francis’s contracts, worth about $200 million, the Navy canceled them and cut its ties with his company.
Mr. Shi said Mr. Xi would show his toughness to Mr. Obama over Japan.
In a note preceding the text Williams paid tribute to Chekhov as a “quiet and delicate writer whose huge power was always held in restraint,” and acknowledged that he himself possessed “quite different qualities.” He ended his humble defense of his adaptation by implying that Chekhov’s distinctive voice might need a little amplification to be properly heard by American audiences: “Our theater has to cry out to be heard at all.” Although Williams was capable of great delicacy as a writer, there is not much on display in his generally faithful but often overstated version of Chekhov’s sad comedy of longing and frustration, both romantic and artistic.
“He understands the traditions of the game,” Trotz said.
Ms. Donaldson also advocates straw bale as a kind of green laboratory for small-scale entrepreneurs in Gulf Coast towns like Biloxi and New Orleans.
The point of all this fuss, of course, is that thick, full eyebrows signify youth and vitality — eyebrows thin with age — and that some semblance of a midpoint arch can make eyes look more alert and cheekbones more angular and defined.
“Our relationship is beyond belief,” she said.
• I am, by default, the prettiest girl in the house, and feel younger, sexier and more carefree than I really am.
When she boarded that morning, she said, the flight attendant complimented her green overnight bag.
Presented by Teatro Sea, which specializes in Latino theater for children, this show is the work of Manuel Antonio Morán, the company’s founder and director.
“I assumed it was a prank,” she says.
The Syrian Army attacked a large group of insurgents near the capital, Damascus, on Wednesday, killing more than 60, according to monitors and state media.
AT the Yale University Art Gallery , which fully reopened in December after a painstaking expansion that spanned 14 years and cost $135 million, a sunny new fourth-floor gallery was filled recently with a collection of artworks highly unlikely ever to meet in such proximity again.
Finally, with your palms planted on the ground, your feet planted on the wall and your butt sticking up in the air, you jiggle.
“Both of us come from nonacademic families and nonacademic places,” Edvard said.
“Hold the defendant responsible for his actions; hold him accountable for what he did.
Meyerson Symphony Center, Nov. 21-24, dallassymphony.com.
“This is a campaign that has literally saved tens of thousands of lives,” he said.
Again, Carnegie Hall provided a new piece, “Fly by Wire,” by Tyondai Braxton, a multi-instrumentalist known for his work in the math-rock band Battles and a composer now in demand for high-profile engagements .
The VOD system does not allow fast-forwarding, so commercials cannot be skipped.
“Obviously when you win a championship, the expectations get raised for the team, the players — but also for the organization as well,” Keith said.
Nobody can dispute this.” But the task, when it comes to individual homes and property rights, is far from simple.
She is perfect for Harry, but giving up her freedom would be difficult.
His father’s girlfriend gave me a purse she had crocheted of blue thread and silver pop tops from soda cans.
A majority said that the issue had led them to question the Vatican’s authority.
A writer for The Hairpin spied Britton in a coffee shop and promptly posted a list of things she could have said to her.
How did so much customer service become so wretched?
I think there are some aperçus from people who knew him.
“We knew we weren’t going to get all of them,” Benenson said.
“But I also didn’t want to live with things I didn’t like.” A brick building on West 96th Street had large one-bedrooms featuring sunken living rooms.
In mid-August, the building collapsed, killing five of the women and becoming one of the pretexts for Confederate guerrillas, under William Clarke Quantrill, to launch a savage attack on Lawrence, Kan., a week later.
“Interconnecting a personal relationship with a working relationship is simply not correct, and I knew that,” he said.
found more clues: two unexploded bombs and the remnants of “numerous” exploded devices, which were similar to those found at the scene of the marathon bombings — and at least one was in a pressure cooker, the affidavit said.
They managed four singles and could not score a run.
“And that could mean access to vital sources of health care and emergency assistance; jobs selling products in global markets or welcoming tourists; or opportunities for education, exploring the world or creating business.” But, he said, “the biggest challenge for air transport in Africa is safety.” Obviously Africa is not the only place with safety concerns.
They are drawn by the prestige of the American education system and, for some, the possibility of long-term work.
And the older the child, the less likely they were to try it.
Mr. Jonathan warned that any building suspected of housing Islamist extremists would be taken over in what he described as the “war” now facing Nigeria, Africa’s most populous nation.
(In the new series, a girl, whose mortality status is unknown, will join them.)
Directing a team of students from the Bauhaus mural workshop, Kandinsky had them paint a scattering of geometric and biomorphic shapes on large canvas-covered wood panels.
Thankfully, I have some money.
But now, lawyers for New Jersey note that in Nevada alone, the volume of state-sponsored sports betting has increased to $2.9 billion, from $1.5 billion.
Nancy Folbre is professor emerita of economics at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst.
“But she’d wear it with a full face of makeup, eyeliner and mascara, so we stripped that away to keep the look from being too granny.”
“Earnings season has gotten off to a good start with the vast majority of companies either meeting or beating estimates, with an average surprise of 4.7 percent” so far, said Jonathan Golub, chief United States market strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
The proposed requirement was intended to bolster competition among the banks.
Most models can also survive a trip through the washing machine.
If you intend to read “Someone,” skip its jacket copy to avoid seeing what her married name turns out to be.
The couple have been detained since July and unable to speak publicly, so the Shanghai police account could not be independently verified.
Mr. Kinzel carries the smaller Mr. Wey, and vice versa.
“I’m sort of a fair-weather sailor and get a bit anxious and claustrophobic,” he said.
Mr. Williams represents Branden Lee Mullin, a young man who robbed a pizzeria of $96 with his best friend.
The actors slip in and out of the many real-life characters they play as if throwing on comfortable old clothes.
Just weeks ago, two men in the northern city of Arkhangelsk were sentenced for similar actions.
Angola was notoriously brutal and bloody into the 1970s.
Six tenants have signed on, he said.
Not to sound ungrateful, he added, but the single part is getting old.
He also switched from filming to shooting stills, which improved resolution.
The seaside condo that they’ve purchased long-distance isn’t ready for habitation.
And we’re still working on it.” He also said that although his barn had a high number of sudden deaths, it was similar to what other trainers at California racetracks had been experiencing, when factoring in the large number of horses he trains.
I very much doubt you could get this sort of support for something this big today.
While similar studies have been carried out before, none has included as many peer-reviewed works, explained Mr. Cook in this video abstract .
He still needs to be cleared medically, but he appears to be on track to play after missing the past seven games because of a small fracture in his left shoulder.
“The book reads almost quaint now,” Mr. Esposito said.
The SEAL team was forced to withdraw before it could confirm that it had killed the Shabab leader, a senior American security official said.
He remained true to himself and did not chase the market.” The market has since caught up.
The fun we’ve had having our families here on the weekend, just having everybody stay on the buses and be with us.
The government, which promised swift changes in the legal system, is under immense public pressure, and no political party wants to be seen as obstructing the bill.
32 Dmitry Tursunov — 9 of the 17 players who entered the tournament from the qualifying draw were placed in the quarter.
Pitino expected to see a dip in opponents’ field-goal percentage after halftime, and in the tournament, Louisville has allowed 39.6 in the second half compared to 45.2 in the first half; for the season, the Cardinals have yielded 40.3 in the first half and 38.2 after halftime.
A common observation among those who have been in Ms. Wolf’s position is that scandal-tainted candidates tend to fare better among evangelical voters.
She chose the toile and the jewel tones.
(function($) { var data = chameleonData[0]; var beforeAfterContainer = $('#nytmm_beforeAfter_wrapper858 .nytmm_beforeAfter_container'); var options = { leftImage: data.images.left.leftImage, rightImage: data.images.right.rightImage, showFooter: data.footer.showFooter, leftCredit: data.images.left.leftCredit, rightCredit: data.images.right.rightCredit, caption: data.footer.caption, startPoint: data.images.startPoint, showButton: data.footer.button.showButton, leftButtonText: data.footer.button.leftButtonText, rightButtonText: data.footer.button.rightButtonText } beforeAfterContainer.BeforeAfter(options); })(jQuery||NYTD.jQuery); The photographer Greg Kessler captures the transformations of the Spring 2014 Fashion Week in Paris.
The Dolphins had a chance to win in the final minutes, but the offensive line again let the team down.
That the Lakers are even in contention was a function of Bryant being Bryant for so much of the season, even at 34.
Prosecutors said that for 15 years, Mr. Mumford had doctored driver’s licenses and enlisted teachers to impersonate others in Arkansas, Mississippi and Tennessee at exams that many states require for teaching licenses.
In “Rameau’s Nephew,” Denis Diderot proposed that each of us is obliged to assume multiple personas to fulfill the seemingly endless number of obligations demanded of us.
The number of organizations staging live events has surged in recent years, say publishers and their business partners, and concerns over conflict of interest, though still a delicate issue at some media companies, are largely bygone relics at others.
— Elizabeth About 50 colleges have adopted no-loan policies over the past decade.
I know it is not dissimilar to the oath you took when you became a Marine officer.” The judge said he had received a letter from Mr. Marshall’s son Alec, expressing concern about his father’s well-being.
During an interview in New York last month, Mr. Sharif said the country’s nuclear arsenal was safe, and he sidestepped a question on his country’s nuclear modernization effort.
Gates didn’t have a plan; initially he merely wanted to make the properties beautiful.
Gohar Dashti , also Iranian, said that, after the 1997 election, a hundred galleries sprang up, usually in some third-floor private apartment, where a hundred people typically jam into at openings.
It has been experiencing some financial difficulties and will begin charging tuition for graduate students in fall 2013, but undergraduate tuition for this year’s incoming class will remain free for all four years.
For this week’s recipes, I used what I had, which was brown rice flour, potato starch and cornstarch — 20 percent potato starch and 10 percent cornstarch — and that’s the basis for the nutritional analyses of this week’s recipes.
Josh Patrick is a founder and principal at Stage 2 Planning Partners , where he works with private business owners on creating personal and business value.
The diagramed deal, which occurred during the tournament on May 21, was sent to me by Marin Marinov of New York City (West).
But, Ms. Chappelle said, even though she defied foster care’s grim statistics, she had not been readied for the world beyond the system.
For Louisiana, the core records used by genealogists and historians have been put on microfilm by the National Archives but are more conveniently available through the Family History Library of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
They traded the lead until Recari birdied the par-3 14th.
A: I won’t sin against the truth if I say I have no idea about my financial situation right now.
The panel’s report drew swift criticism from both sides.
“The decision affects just about everybody.” “Law enforcement is trying to keep up with technology, as well they should,” he added.
The massive building boom has caused old Chongqing to recede, but YangYang still fit in as many old-school attractions as possible.
PATRICK J. KENNEDY Brigantine, N.J. Sept. 30 The writer, a former member of Congress from Rhode Island, was an author of the 2008 Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act.
I rolled my eyes and obliged.
For the first, I asked a number of current L.G.B.T.
The hearing will also look into the crash response by airport firefighters.
But Dr. Levitan, 65, who spent a decade as an analyst at the Community Service Society , a research and advocacy group, before joining the city, said he never worried about losing Mr. Bloomberg’s support.
“Perpetrators have to experience consequences.” Across the military, senior officers have acknowledged that the issue has reached the level of crisis.
The number of Emirati students rose to nine for the class of 2015, and then 17 for the class of 2016.
This is a title that should be defined by peers.
I think separate rows should exist only for those families that specifically ask for them, and presumably that’s those for which the rabbinate’s rules are all-important.
And the answer is: If it dips below 95, then you might step back and see what you can do better.
Later on Wednesday, a senior cleric criticized the president for “going too far” in the condolence message.
And yet this is what I find myself doing at Slamdance.
And then in the show she puts on her costume and makeup and she’s hot.
Bob: She was shocked, but it opened up deeper conversations about what she wanted.
Because sometime in the middle of questioning Ray Lewis about his use or nonuse of a banned substance to help him recover from injury, or asking player after player questions about the potential state of his brain with the creeping realization that many of them might not fare so well, or delving into the issue of homophobia in the sport, the fantasy world started looking not so fantastic.
Mr. Wile submitted his resignation this week; his last day will be June 30, said Dominic P. Scianna, a St. John’s spokesman.
“To become a conductor is very difficult, and to become a conductor from this country is almost impossible,” he said in a 1985 documentary by the American filmmakers David and Albert Maysles.
“The Trinity Church properties are now among the most valuable in all of New York City, because they are sitting on the edge of the hottest neighborhoods in the city — SoHo, TriBeCa and Greenwich Village,” said Mitchell L. Moss, a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University.
Wonkbook goes through some of the reasons this is wrong, aside from the simple walk-around-any-city-and-take-a-look test.
is also examining the hiring of Zhang Xixi, whose father is Zhang Shuguang, the former deputy chief engineer of China’s railway ministry.
And I would almost always get the answer right.
Using music, dance and virtually no dialogue, the company tells the story of Jacob, an artist whose magic paintbrush, which turns his creations into living beings, is stolen for evil ends.
When is the last time you heard a truly big idea coming from the right that could become law and could move this country forward?
The producer, Larry Kaye, a newcomer to Broadway, said on Tuesday that he was delaying “Miss Firecracker” after scheduling conflicts “that stood in the way of getting our particular dream cast.” Mr. Kaye declined to comment on the actors in question, but one he was eyeing, Parker Posey, became unavailable because of a comedy pilot she is developing for NBC.
The winner of a Nobel in economic science discusses how we make choices in business and personal life and when we can and cannot trust our intuitions.
For Mr. Escobedo, it’s about restoring smiles lost in war, a process that he has been through himself.
Los Angeles will unveil the franchise’s first championship banner Saturday before hosting the Chicago Blackhawks.
There were really two reasons.
A good thing for Main Street, in other words.
“I joked with my friends that the BBC was calling me like I owed them money,” Ms. Joyce said.
Soldiers were being paid more regularly, and morale and discipline seemed to improve, analysts said.
Boats that depart from Liberty State Park on the New Jersey side of the harbor stop first at Ellis.
Even when I rent a house from people who promise that the kitchen is tricked out for a serious cook, I still take my own knives.
Analysts warn, however, that any rival bid might face antitrust scrutiny from both German and European Union officials.
You can tilt down and see things.
Hatem Bazian, the chairman of American Muslims for Palestine, whose ads were installed at some Metro-North stations last month, said the purchases were easier to justify given the authority’s perpetual financial challenges.
Venezuela, a major oil producer, is much larger, with an area about the size of Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico combined and a population of about 29 million.
Dec. 31 at 5 p.m. to Jan. 1 at 1 a.m. No cover.
And whether or not you care about these historical and theoretical debates, or the sleight-of-hand methodological moves Ms. Lockhart has performed in making the work, the exhibition is exceptionally handsome, meditative and, at times, mesmerizing.
Q. Dear Civil Behavior: I’m 53, a daughter, a sister, a mother, a grandmother and a friend.
Miller’s troubles began in the 83rd minute, when he let Jahn get behind him and stab home a cross from Sam Cronin to tie the score.
Then, with the introduction of solid food and then weaning, the types of microbes gradually shift until, by age 3, the baby’s gut comes to resemble an adult community much like that of its parents.
Asked why he had signed Monday, Cruz answered, “I was done with the back and forth.” Cruz said he would now turn his attention to persuading the Giants’ chief down-the-field receiving threat, the former first-round draft pick Hakeem Nicks, to consider a long-term contract with the Giants.
Local sugar prices have doubled.
In 95-degree heat, he put on a safety harness and climbed straight up a ladder inside a narrow, sauna-like tube for another 450 feet.
“I wanted the clarity of having someone who didn’t share my genetics, who was completely different from me,” he said.
As at all services here, a screen projects the words being sung or spoken in three languages simultaneously: English, Arabic and Coptic.
(It is not for nothing that Ms. Meier called this production “the fulfillment of my career.”) The intimate scale of Mr. Chéreau’s “Tristan” makes it an ideal accompaniment to his classic Bayreuth “Ring,” which is more sweeping and just as compelling.
“I don’t think pressure coming from the United States, or more pressure, is going to be helpful in persuading President Karzai to sign a bilateral security agreement,” the defense secretary said.
The monastery declined, however, and by the time it was shuttered by the Spanish government in 1835, there were only four monks left.
More than a corporate drama, however, the slow start of Qsymia raises questions about what role prescription drugs really can play in combating the nation’s epidemic of obesity.
But Harbin, located not far from the Russian border in Heilongjiang Province, is one of China’s coldest cities, and its coal-dependent heating system means it must choose each year between heat and clean air.
The real heartburn started when that M.B.F.S.
DRESSED in his usual uniform of jeans, button-down shirt, vest and Merrell boots, Mr. Paschina, 51, surveyed the acres at Barboursville, in the rolling foothills of the Southwest Mountains near Charlottesville.
The work — which now exists only as a record, in grainy photographs — makes as much sense in our surveillance-soaked present as it did in the paranoid atmosphere of the crime-plagued New York of the early 1970s.
There’s a last sentence, concluding with the report of a bullethole period.
(The other recipient is Margy Hargraves, a museum trustee and former board chairwoman.)
“Lost in the debate around autonomous technology is that these features pull workload away from the driver and can result in under-arousal,” he said.
Half of that deficit remains unfinanced, and the government paid $2.8 billion in subsidies alone in 2012, mainly to offset the cost of fuel for Yemen’s desperately poor population.
Only three of the past eight winners have finished under par.
“But I can’t afford to leave.” For people whose family roots in the city run deep and whose forebears include artists, New York becomes a place of the imagination as well as a creation of stone and brick and steel.
“The industry is not in a position to monitor customer accounts to see where their payments are going,” said Virginia O’Neill, senior counsel with the American Bankers Association.
“The crystals are the heaviest part of the dress,” says Schmidt, who adds that the 11.5-pound garment “is much lighter than most of the costumes Dita wears on stage.” Schmidt, who has designed costumes for Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Madonna, among others, wanted to push the technology and explore its potential for fashion.
29 on Maxim’s Hot 100 — in the year 2007.” Silverman told Bell that “as soon as a woman gets to an age where she has opinions and she’s vital and she’s strong, she’s systematically shamed into hiding under a rock.
The village was still mourning Rushdie’s death, but the young men couldn’t keep up the solemnity for long.
The Venus de Milo was 33-26-38, it said.
It’s telling you that something has gone awry.
• On birth control, Mr. Weiner proposed to tweak the current policy, perhaps influenced by his experience representing Queens.
I don’t know,” Dr. Abdul-Rahim said.
“I barter for food all the time,” she added.
He went to a country school until the family moved to Zurich in 1949.
“That is just too little and it is too late, and it has nothing to do with the way Congress has acted in the past,” he said.
Henri Jayer , the legendary Burgundian vigneron, died in 2006 after retiring some years before.
At 8 p.m., Baby’s All Right, 146 Broadway, at Bedford Avenue, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, ticketfly.com; $35 in advance; $40 day of show.
With less than one month left in office, President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea on Tuesday granted special pardons to a longtime friend, political allies and dozens of others convicted of corruption and other crimes, igniting a rare quarrel with the country’s president-elect.
“The smugglers and terrorists are threatening me, saying I should give up, but I tell them that I am an Afghan woman, and I won’t leave the job as long as there is blood in my veins.” Mr. Zwak, the provincial spokesman, said the latest attack would not deter the other female officers.
“Last year, the performance gap between the tires meant that everyone qualified on the soft and raced on the hard after a single stop,” he added.
Rudolph W. Giuliani prevailed over incumbent David N. Dinkins in the 1993 mayoral race in what was widely viewed as a reaction to the Crown Heights riots .
champion and the other half for the N.F.C.
When Guy poses a sad riddle the bear cannot answer, we read: “To hell with you then!” the bear uproared, Shadowing the sky, bellowing up a whirlwind And slanting wide the world to the winter side — And with his mighty paws scattering himself Into a diadem of noble stars Befitting Ursa Major.
But after a call from Barack Obama in 2008, Ms. Muñoz crossed to the other side to help push the administration’s promised immigration overhaul — only to find herself defending a border enforcement policy under which nearly 1.5 million people have been deported in four years.
Arnold Palmer reached for a pen and paper, and for a moment, he went back in time to the first grade.
Students are reorganizing previously banned unions and hoping to contribute to laws that would protect their rights.
Legs McNeil, co-author of “Please Kill Me”: “Chloe Webb really played Nancy to the hilt.
The relevant fact is what this couple actually did.
“It’s an homage to a master.” Le MAMO: Marseille Modulor opens June 8 with the exhibition “ Architectones ” by Xavier Veilhan; 280 Boulevard Michelet, 13008 Marseille, France, 011-331-4246-0009; mamo.fr .
teams, his agent, Joseph Linta, said Thursday.
Dr. Anne Klaeysen, a leader of the New York Society for Ethical Culture, performed a nondenominational ceremony.
Sandy Walsh, a spokeswoman for the F.D.A., said the agency was considering permitting generic companies to change warning labels on their drugs, but said it would be premature to discuss specifics.
“That’s how we were able to be successful, and I think that’s how any organization can continue or maintain success throughout the years.” The Yankees, however, do not appear to have any stars on the immediate horizon.
It also represents the most prominent example of a recent uptick in outdoor public art projects in the borough.
Sadly, that’s not the case for tens of thousands of gulf residents still trying to put their lives back together.
But the scores of exiled West Bankers “longed for the nabulsia they used to eat at home,” Mr. Abu Turki said, “and they asked me to make some for them.” This week, deluged by customers, they hardly had time to stop and talk.
She was not trained especially hard for the Davona Dale, which was viewed as a steppingstone.
After, consider what other proposals are public health officials considering in New York and around the country: Ask students: Which proposals seem to be the most effective or have the most potential?
This is not, I should note, a general malaise.
WHAT was South Africa like at the time he was freed?
— ANDREW DAS I’m as hard on him as anyone, but that was just a great play to get to that ball and wrap it around the goalkeeper — akin to curling a ball around a delivery van and down the sidewalk.
No one deserves to go through that type of abuse.
Original features include hardwood floors, extensive interior woodwork, leaded windows, light fixtures and five wood-burning fireplaces.
We need student aid that does not discriminate against programs that non-traditional students rely on – like online courses, or degree programs that give you credit for work experience.
It shows that we’re some hoopers.
In other words, raising the threshold would actually place more workers at risk of having their hours reduced.
But, in practice, we’re just talking about rearranging deadlines.
It was the depths of a recession, but the duo, backed by German investors, snapped up nondescript office towers in good locations, spruced them up with works by hungry young artists, and rented them at a premium.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
Anthony E. Shorris , the designated first deputy mayor, worked as a consultant to the alliance in 2003.
When Yankees reliever Shawn Kelley played alongside Suzuki in Seattle, from 2009 to 2012, the Mariners would marvel at Suzuki’s ability to rap out hits.
The circuit is on an island facing the city, public transport provides easy access, and race-viewing is good everywhere.
One thing that seems clear, though, is that the three Arab-dominated parties, which had 10 seats combined before the vote and 11 seats after it (instead of the 12 seats that initial results had projected), will be left out in the cold.
“So what we can do in the meantime is negotiate with these developers and with the city to make sure that we get as many community benefits as possible.” Mr. Walentas said parks, affordable housing and other community benefits, while important to him, were not possible without the market-rate apartments.
There is an individual argument (merit not withstanding) to be made about each of these issues in its own right.
Price, 51, one of the most successful pitching coaches, has never managed at any level.
In recent months, journalists covering crime and other stories here have themselves become victims of crime, robbed of expensive cameras, sometimes at gunpoint.
The Setara Institute for Democracy and Peace, a nongovernmental organization, counted 264 violent attacks on religious minorities last year, up from 244 in 2011 and 216 in 2010.
(There was one thing that I have to whine about in this episode and it has nothing to do with politics or media.
To Save Money” , and then use the reviewed Web site to try your own cutting-back activity.
When the two agreements were completed, Mr. Delany told Big Ten presidents that they had the fifth-highest TV revenue of any sports entity in the country — after the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association and Nascar.
She quotes them as saying, “If you really want to live, you have to mount a machine and learn its tricks.” The first half breezes by more quickly than the second, which includes a couple of sections that, though sweetly intended, simply last too long.
But while Argentina has experienced swings in beef consumption in the past, some see the latest drops as evidence of a broader paradigm shift: many Argentines are simply opting for a more varied diet.
Instead, Jesse Eisinger of ProPublica says that it has kindled speculation.
He was less sure about what it would say about Mars in the ancient past.
The other Japanese phone makers have been outflanked at the high end of the smartphone business by Apple, Samsung and others, and at the low end by a growing number of Chinese manufacturers.
He once summed up soccer this way: “The rules of soccer are simple.
In a meta-analysis of 42 studies involving nearly 5,000 participants, the psychologists Craig A. Anderson and Brad J. Bushman found a statistically significant small-to-moderate-strength relationship between watching violent media and acts of aggression or violence later in life.
• Members of the “60 Minutes” reporting team conducted interviews with Davies and other individuals in his book, including the doctor who received and treated Ambassador Stevens at the Benghazi hospital.
“It’s the most serious problem,” said Jeffrey Mabelebele, chief executive of Higher Education South Africa, an association of the country’s 23 public universities.
But sometimes patients, particularly those with Alzheimer’s, can get confused and trapped between a bed rail and a mattress, which can lead to serious injury or even death.
What did you see there?
But when the dose was smaller, he was more likely to pass it up for the $5 in cash or voucher.
“I had no idea,” Mr. Kangadis said.
This week’s ruling denied that motion and also backed away from some of the serious charges that were implied in the earlier ruling.
The ad continues to run.
His job is mainly to call press conferences and denounce things.
Best of all, nothing was lost.
Also, our founders really did not believe in simple majoritarianism.
“I really want to get back to the top of the game.
Flowers called it, correlating city information with data from utilities, like Con Edison, to put in place a system that would eventually detect, in real time, when a building’s heat or lights were out.
Iran and Russia have backed the other side in the conflict, providing extensive aid to forces loyal to Mr. Assad, a fact that the American and Saudi diplomats highlighted on Monday.
After World War I, poppy fields came to symbolize the loss of life.
“Just two days ago, Senate Democrats were quoted promising Brian Schweitzer tremendous resources to get in the race,” Mr. Dayspring said.
There is considerable hope that the markets are heralding a major development: that Americans have lost the fears and foreboding that have made the financial crisis of 2008 so enduring in its effects.
She is married to my now ex-husband and never did finish the gift.”) Even if the gift seems inexpensive or ordinary, it can be important, according to Howard G., from New York, who wrote: “One of the gifts we received was a little Plexiglas salt shaker and pepper grinder combination.
The man doesn’t say at first why he has come to this place or what he hopes to achieve there.
And you should never let go of all your secrets.
rules, which are basically being written by the U.S.,” Mr. Baldwin said in e-mailed comments.
The despondent Melanie welcomes his presence.
“I look forward to Dr. Loubani and Mr. Greyson being reunited with their families and friends, who have shown tremendous strength during this difficult time,” Lynne Yelich, a junior minister responsible for consular affairs said in a statement late Saturday.
Blue-chip brands like Chobani, Grey Poupon, Hyundai, Neutrogena and J. C. Penney plan to show new campaigns or new commercials in continuing campaigns.
It would be a damning indictment of him, then, if the defense struggled.
“We don’t have the time or resources to investigate these,” he explained.
23 in A, is full of idiosyncratic hand gestures, awkward strangeness and memorable partnering, particularly a moment in which the woman’s legs fly behind her in the air as the pair turn round and round, their lips joined in a passionate kiss.
“This has been happening with us for the last 10 years, and they don’t learn that we have faith in our imams and we will never stop,” said one of the wounded pilgrims, Hassan al-Zargani.
Blatter plans to ask FIFA’s executive committee for a formal vote on the move during a meeting in early October.
The sunny terrace of the ArtCaffe, with its excellent coffee and free Wi-Fi, became my virtual office.
But Cleveland officials sent him a tax bill for $3,294.
Doormen are typically working-class immigrants who live in the outer boroughs, according to the book “Doormen” (University of Chicago Press, 2005) by Peter Bearman.
Alabama, under the command of the aggressive and vainglorious Capt.
Sept. 13 at 8 p.m. $29 to $69.
The two girls do, however, have an equal economic interest.
Ms. Coote said that while she enjoys her many prominent engagements, she has made sacrifices to maintain an international career, including finding it hard to make time to see her parents and to sustain a romantic relationship.
But Caribbean music fans may have hope yet.
But a person familiar with the situation said that SUNY Downstate officials wanted to remove him last week as part of the push to discharge or transfer the hospital’s remaining patients.
“It’s now time to give back.” The Daily Illini is among several financially independent campus news organizations that have asked students to support small fee increases.
What seems like a lack of gratitude may just be another attempt to figure out how the world works.
In the meantime, here are other celebrity sites to help you achieve perfection.
“I need to work with people I like,” Frederic said.
So what gives Van Ronk, a bearded bear of a man, his enduring quality in 2013?
A historian was dispatched on Monday to see whether the shards were of historical interest and determined that they were not.
Well, folks, that day is here.
At night it becomes a jungle gym for adults, many of whom have been enjoying time in a nearby bar, who climb on top and even crawl inside the steel frame.
This year, Bayern Munich became the first team to win the Bundesliga, the European Cup and the German Cup in the same season.
At some point you have to relinquish and go with the flow.
But on May 17, 2010, agents from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, wearing bulletproof vests, raided his university offices.
VALHALLA Academic Arts Theater The Camerata Chamber Players.
“People change.” “It’s a couple of years ago,” he said.
Now, for another $5, I was able to text-chat for about an hour.
Some worked off of Mr. Song’s sketches.
Most recently, the United States Supreme Court struck down North Texas’ effort to buy water from Oklahoma reservoirs after that state resisted.
The way it works with ayahuasca is this: After a bout of vomiting and diarrhea, users experience a six-hour hallucination during which, according to legend, the patient meets “the mother” in the plant, in the form of a snake, who answers the supplicants’ questions about the meaning of life.
He described their insistence on high salaries as “a call to class warfare from above.” Opponents of the 1:12 referendum like to talk about the politics of envy but find it hard to justify top salaries.
Odder still, on Wednesday morning, typing CreditCardMachineRentals.com into a search engine produced this message: “We are sorry!
Yes, the League of Nations collapsed, but it did lead to the United Nations.
Nonetheless, small businesses have already begun looking for ways to offset the increase in labor costs.
“You’d never know someone else’s financial arrangements, but if it was paperwork you’d have a clue,” Mr. Ginsberg said.
There a group of so-called “movie gangsters,” fans of John Wayne and Marlon Brando, as well as of mafia and American B-movies, did much of the killing, inspired in part by the films they loved.
Tellem, the vice chairman of the Wasserman Media Group, is the first major agent to call for Hunter’s dismissal.
Reached by telephone, Kidd’s lawyer, Edward Burke Jr., declined to comment.
After arguing with the mother of his child, a man set a fire in the second-floor hallway of his Manhattan apartment building on Thursday night, igniting a rapidly spreading, five-alarm blaze that killed one person and injured at least nine, the authorities said.
We can’t help but watch them.
“It’s a miracle if a start-up gets off the ground,” he said.
But, at least for now, it will not sell it in the United States, where the company has been labeled a security risk by Congress because of allegations — vehemently denied by the company — of possible links to the Chinese Army.
Matt Waite, a professor at the College of Journalism and Mass Communications at the University of Nebraska , noted that Florida, which he described as the “Shangri-La of public records,” shut down access to gun data shortly after an Orlando television station published a database of people with concealed-weapons licenses in 2005.
After almost a year of worry, my colleague went to court and was cleared.
Jay Cutler felt the pressure and knew he had to perform well.
After watching the last episode of “Downton Abbey,” Mr. Johnson said, he took his dog, Rex, for a walk along Fort Washington Avenue.
But the pressure will be on, because the limits will decrease over time.
By many measures, France is already moored in malaise.
He is defeated in arguments and baffled by the tyranny of nerds.
Meanwhile, the P.D.P.’s national committee has declared itself satisfied with the results and commended the election commission on a job well done.
“Without first addressing these issues, the agency — and Congress — should halt the expansion of C.B.P.’s Predator drone program.” The flight logs provided by the agency show that it has become increasingly generous with its unmanned aerial vehicles.
“Now you can become part of this privileged group and experience everything that I have,” Mr. Aldrin says.
NBC’s “Today,” the most profitable part of the news division, has yet to recover.
A Pew Research Center poll released Monday asked respondents if they favored or opposed the United States and its allies “sending arms and military supplies to anti-government groups in Syria,” with no mention of the Obama administration.
You don’t have the supply of people.
As I said, Mr. Ryan’s efforts are finally starting to get the derision they deserve, while progressives seem, at long last, to be finding their voice.
It will be first meeting between Krzyzewski and Pitino in the N.C.A.A.
If the rich are so much richer than the rest that they live in a different social and material universe, that fact in itself makes nonsense of any notion of equal opportunity.
Instead, it was surprisingly complex with subtle floral and mineral flavors.
It is a mechanical adjustment that is triggered by mental preparation.
Then I got down to the business of entertaining.
“It is all those years of work — and when I look at it, I see the continuity; there is no season that pushes another out of date,” said Azzedine Alaïa, standing beside one of a handful of dresses displayed in all their graphic, body-conscious glory in front of Matisse’s “Nymph” murals.
and negate its basic purpose — to haul multiple people to places unreachable by a car — by stuffing in high-output engines, accessorizing the cabins with city-slicker frills and bolting on flashy oversize wheels?
I also guessed that this cost would prove politically unsustainable, leading to a crisis for the euro itself; so far, at least, I have been wrong.
“How can you have a concert in a walled garden, surrounded by rings and rings of security?” said the novelist Mirza Waheed, one of several Kashmiri cultural figures who protested the event.
After reading the article, published Sept. 3, 2010 , she became angry that the names had been withheld.
Oracle did not issue another fix until Feb. 1.
The devastating death toll has Mr. Peña Nieto, 46, a former governor, promising to move his country’s fight against organized crime in a different direction , focusing more on reducing violence than on detaining drug kingpins.
There is room to breathe, two and a half acres of it.
Hyundai, possibly more than other advertisers, has standing to run such spots: the longtime narrator of its commercials is Jeff Bridges, who won an Oscar for best actor in 2010 for his performance in “Crazy Heart.”
ratio is now nearing an extraordinarily high 245 percent.
Correction: A People item on June 10 omitted part of the previous title of Jackson Huynh, who joined Flingo, San Francisco, as chief operating officer.
Five years later, though, that equation seemed decidedly more equivocal.
“A month ahead of the shutdown, it’s particularly worrisome, because we knew that tourism would be hit hard when the government closed,” Ms. Swonk said of the September findings, adding that lower gasoline prices should have prompted more leisure and hospitality spending.
I am certain of the basics anyway: a teenage love affair thwarted by the small-minded parents; kind of ‘50s Romeo and Juliet, but with screeching tires and borscht.
Three of those five mailed in a blank ballot, protesting the Hall of Fame’s edict that anybody on baseball’s ineligible list, namely Pete Rose, was ineligible for consideration.
Their marches, which regularly snarl busy Cairo streets, have become increasingly confrontational.
The same official looked through his photographs and found one showing a man in a blue T-shirt with broad shoulders and a balding hairline, taken from behind.
On Thursday the conductor Andrews Sill prefaced “Diamonds” with an invaluable “See the Music” talk about the Third Symphony’s opening movement and the rhythmic, structural and thematic reasons Balanchine may have omitted it.
He is the son of Marcella M. Nogar of Los Alamos, N.M., and the late Nicholas C. Nogar.
Consumers cut back spending across a wide range of categories last month.
But research subjects in my studies have shown that they can make plans, exhibit self-control and cooperate closely with others even under heavy influence of marijuana — never mind when only slightly affected, as Mr. Martin could, at most, have been.
It has faced an array of legal issues, many stemming from its acquisition of the subprime lender Countrywide Financial in 2008.
Jurors were shown photographs of Jackson’s naked corpse on an autopsy table, and witnesses described the star as chronically missing rehearsals and sometimes appearing dazed and emaciated.
Janice: Our parents pitched a fit, thinking that we would drop out after getting married.
For the time being, Fox and the radio show are forums for Mr. Rivera to talk about the possibility of running, thereby drumming up attention and potential supporters.
“I feel that my generation of feminists dropped the ball a bit,” she said.
“If you end up having armed troops patrolling in and around these places, you disrupt the trust you have.” Later on Monday, ISAF released a statement on the issue.
I can just do a little wave at good nights, and that signifies it.”
Neighborhood friends and adults kept a protective eye out for him, knowing he had an opportunity that few did.
The fashion retailer priced its stock at $20 a share on Thursday afternoon, a dollar above its expected range.
Survivors described a sensation akin to being in an earthquake: hearing a loud and terrifying cracking sound; feeling the concrete factory floor roll beneath their feet; and watching concrete beams and pillars collapse as the eight-story building suddenly seemed to implode.
In conversations with nearly two dozen survivors, I found patients divided almost evenly between those who view their five-year “cancerversary” as a joyous occasion and celebrate with gusto, and those who view it as a more solemn day and acknowledge it with quiet gratitude and continued vigilance.
Then several witnesses to Arkadin’s past end up dead.
That team first tried to find Mr. Stevens but, learning he was almost certainly dead, arrived at the annex just after 5 a.m., moments before mortar rounds hit the annex, killing two C.I.A.
The Electronic Communications Privacy Act was enacted in 1986, years before widespread use of e-mail or cloud storage, or the invention of social networking.
We won’t see any benefit from redistricting reform for another decade, and ethics reform just provides elected officials with better guidelines for behavior and, sometimes, a slightly better chance of being caught.
The agency wanted to pre-empt those findings, he said.
Occasionally we cross over to enjoy each other’s music.
JaKarr Sampson had 18 points to lead St. John’s to a 71-65 victory over Connecticut at Madison Square Garden.
Mr. Oldenburg is seen dusting pieces from his collection of cheap, kitschy artifacts and rearranging them in a wall of cubbyholes and, perhaps, meditating on his own history as a Pop artist.
But they object to Mr. Erdogan’s leadership style, which they describe as dictatorial, and are put off by many of the development projects on the grounds of bad taste, a view imbued with a sense of social elitism.
He served two tours of duty in Afghanistan, in 2011 from January to May, and in 2012 from April to November.
“He is thinking about his future.
But as March approaches, average highs creep up to a balmy 34 degrees in Anchorage, and the daylight hours are as long as anywhere else.
Of the internal department investigations into adversarial shootings in 2012 that had been completed by the time of the report, 89 percent were found to be within guidelines.
The cast includes Elizabeth Banks as Mr. Bush’s wife, Laura; Ellen Burstyn as his mother, Barbara; James Cromwell as his father, former President George H. W. Bush; and Richard Dreyfuss as Vice President Dick Cheney.
Bodo Schlosshan, Frankfurt Meddling in Syria’s internal affairs serves no American interest, whether the Assad regime used chemical weapons against rebel elements or not.
True to his eccentric style, Mr. Mason, former chief executive of Groupon, is trying on a new role as a motivational singer, with an album of seven songs about business that was released on Tuesday .
He complimented Ms. Burgess on how well she had done in her life.
Mr. Shin said the company also intended to increase its market share in tablet computers, where it still trails Apple.
But we found out about it because we were in bed one morning and we looked up and little Emma [his daughter] was pouring oatmeal-flavored cereal down through the hole.
Andrew M. Cuomo to sign the shadow docket legislation into law quickly to prevent the docket from growing longer.
Mirnyi won his partner’s praise for engineering the victory, his 10th Grand Slam doubles title, including four mixed doubles crowns.
The National Federation of Independent Business reported that nearly 80 percent of small, private companies made no hiring changes in July and 12 percent let workers go.
Recently I began considering my family.
I became fascinated with the music of J.J. Cale, the subject of this Op-Doc, after digging out one of his records from my parents’ dusty stacks.
The rally that has driven stocks to records paused this week as investors tried to figure out where things were headed.
The Mark Twain House and Museum, 351 Farmington Avenue.
There was not a whole lot else to do.
But Mr. Jobs shied away from philanthropy, at least of the public variety.
If the Islanders win, Game 7 will be Sunday in Pittsburgh.
The official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of an edict from the prime minister not to discuss the Egyptian crisis, said Israeli ambassadors in Washington, London, Paris, Berlin, Brussels and other capitals would lobby foreign ministers.
By contrast, Japanese brands — including Toyota Motor, Honda Motor and Nissan Motor — have experienced a decline of their combined market share to 23.9 percent from 29.8 percent during the period.
Employing a variety of custom-fabricated display units, the burly former engineering major has designed lazy susan-like trays that spin atop the stanchions of queue lines, racks that hang off the ends of display walls, and oddly shaped shelving units that seem to levitate above sale counters.
With Jon Favreau, Amanda Peet and John Cho.
For this pair of concerts the group melds with Wynton Marsalis’s Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra, in an eagerly cross-cultural experiment.
And he doubts that high-rent tenants would want to overlook noisy, brightly lighted ball fields.
“Us and Them” is an American adaptation of the British comedy hit “Gavin and Stacey” and stars Ms. Bledel (“Gilmore Girls”) and Jason Ritter (“Parenthood”) as a couple trying to survive their chaotic friends and family.
In France, the government of President François Hollande has championed the more aggressive hunt for tax dodgers since it was rocked by the disclosure that the recently ousted budget minister, Jérôme Cahuzac , was squirreling money away in a Swiss account.
The bakery could opt to bite the bullet and pay the penalty next year with plans to revisit the types of insurance that become available in 2014.
The Pell grant program is also chronically underfinanced; it faces a $7 billion budget shortfall in 2014.
“There’s no way you can get 85 points on every word if you’re not using a cheating app,” Verplank explained, adding: “As in golf, why would you play if you have to cheat to be good at it?
Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, who was at the meeting, said he was impressed by the strength of the victims’ relatives, as well as by the caring shown by Ms. Giffords and her husband, the astronaut Mark Kelly.
Perhaps you spent years in New York never being able to recall the name of the sole City Council member from your district, but once you relocate to a quiet place somewhere in New England, you inevitably know all the names of the members of your board of selectmen.
Welch’s is the processing and marketing arm of a cooperative of more than 1,000 family-owned farms in the United States and Canada.
In the late 1990s, David Henderson and Khalil Maalouf bet big on young telecommunications companies, as industry landscape was changing drastically.
But the Harbaugh brothers, their fights long behind them, might be about to begin one of their own.
When the tunnel reopens to traffic sometime before 5 p.m., drivers will see no evidence of the light show.
To prepare, you might scan the articles or summaries on today’s paper .
Many interpret that as giving the Union’s only directly elected body greater influence in who ends up heading the commission — the E.U.
That is not always the case, of course; friends who have watched your children grow can become a kind of extended family, one that encompasses the men as well as the women.
Mayweather followed, the rapper Lil Wayne by his side, microphone in hand, performing “No Worries” before the action started.
In which case the G.O.P.’s opposition isn’t just a matter of a sudden rightward lurch (though that’s clearly part of the story).
But at the end of the day, it’s still instinctive, and I follow my gut.
Finally, in the early hours of Monday, the Pakistani government relented.
March 12 at 8 p.m. $15.
But she cited President Obama’s re-election and last summer’s Supreme Court ruling in saying that the law is here to stay.
Through Mr. Shayman, who committed suicide in 2007, Mr. Blanco met the Baltimore rapper Spank Rock, and in 2008 the two of them put together “Bangers & Cash,” a raucous EP that quickly landed them a contract with Downtown Records.
The stage was set for the transit strike of 1980, which would bring the city to a screeching halt.
Jean-Yves Le Drian, the French defense minister, said that the French forces had driven the Islamists out of one village, Konna, but that another column of Islamists had overrun the Malian Army in Diabaly on the western side of the Niger River, a loss Malian officials confirmed.
Admire the stately evergreens and wildlife, which includes spotted geese, ducks, swans, turtles and raccoons all within a golf-swing of downtown skyscrapers.
The executive, María de los Angeles González, 55, agreed to cooperate with prosecutors, suggesting there could be further revelations about corruption at the government-controlled bank, the Economic and Social Development Bank of Venezuela, known as Bandes.
But I’m convinced that faster growth makes every problem easier to solve: middle-class living standards, climate change, health issues and certainly the deficit.
It called Mr. Rice “passionate, energetic and demanding” and said that his intense tactics seemed genuinely aimed at improving his team and “were in no way motivated by animus.” But the report also describes Mr. Rice’s misconduct: broken clipboards, kicks aimed at teenagers, basketballs thrown at his players.
The High Museum of Art commissioned this playground from the sculptor Isamu Noguchi in 1975.
Because if Conor gets out in 20 years and goes and kills his next girlfriend, I’ve screwed up terrible.
Speaking by telephone from the United States before the signing ceremony, Mr. Attili said the brine from the plant would have to be taken north to the Dead Sea because draining it back into the Red Sea would upset Saudi Arabia and Egypt.
As they migrated along with people, they became isolated from other wolves.
Despite a range of efforts by Google, the riddle remains unsolved, its financial report Thursday revealed.
The first four sets Monday were not unusual grass-court fare in that one break in each set separated the players.
And that repatriated money is what makes Glenfarclas such a rarity.
(Smith) ★ Brooklyn Museum: ‘Raw/Cooked: Duron Jackson’ (closes on Sunday) As part of the museum’s initiative for showing work of under-known Brooklyn artists, Duron Jackson, based in Bedford-Stuyvesant, has produced a lean, strong, subtle installation linking the historical African slave trade with the present incarceration of African Americans in the United States.
We feel guilty being attracted to these stories, almost complicit in the exploitation of women.
just one postmodern presidential candidate — say, a Senator Marco Rubio — away from getting back into the game?
Julio Jones recorded 182 receiving yards, Roddy White had 100 and Tony Gonzalez tallied 78 as the Falcons moved the ball at will for much of the game but stalled when it mattered most.
Uri Chanoch has a gift for plain speaking, which brought a welcome reprieve during a highly technical and legalistic meeting of the German Parliament’s labor and social affairs committee last month.
To the Editor: In “ Talking, Walking Objects ” (Sunday Review, Jan. 27), Carla Diana suggests that we humans want to be nurtured and served by robotic servants that anticipate our needs and alter our bad habits.
In a memo to Alibaba’s employees a few weeks ago, Mr. Ma wrote that “we are not concerned about where to go public, but we do care that wherever we end up going public must support this type of open, innovative, responsible culture that values long-term development.” That sounds as if Alibaba is prepared to go to New York.
Of course, it’s totally fine to stick with one of the 24 canned designs.
Lens is also on Facebook .
They haven’t considered fleeing Russia — “because we love our country,” Shaiba said.
He’s been at the company a long, long time.” In recent years, Ms. Mulpuru said, the international arm of Walmart has been a greater engine of growth than either the domestic division or Sam’s Club, and since 2009 Mr. McMillon has been running the international operation.
Next Time, Peep Up We bought expensive tickets to a Broadway play.
Mr. Goike, the state representative, said he proposed the bill, modeled after a law in Indiana, after his brother-in-law tried hiring employees at a local manufacturing facility.
GARRISON “Prisoners,” drama by Richard Edwin Knipe Jr.
The real power of the papacy is its moral force.
The Lede is following developments in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 280 others.
Britain has been outraged over the brutality of the assault there of Lee Rigby, the off-duty soldier, which took place in Woolwich.
Its creator, the self-taught Italian-American artist Marino Auriti, dreamed it would be built on the National Mall in Washington.
About his time in prison in 1989 for currency fraud, Mr. Cartes — who controls a web of companies, including a cigarette manufacturer, a bank, cattle ranches and a soft-drink bottler — told reporters that he had a “tranquil conscience” about a matter in which he was eventually cleared of wrongdoing by Paraguayan courts.
Young people, quick fingers on their cellphones, have taken to the streets around the world.
Sarah Jessica Parker began her career onstage — she was famously one of the first “Annie” replacements — but has taken more than a decade off.
LODGING The year-old, 80-room Marc Hotel (Senefelderstrasse 12; hotel-marc.de ; from 126 euros) distinguishes itself from the many hotels around the train station with its contemporary décor and abundant breakfast buffet.
Her poll numbers were sinking.
She’s still amazed by the whole experience.
Mr. Pascual said he dropped out of school three years ago at the age of 15, began doing odd jobs and started drinking heavily and smoking cigarettes and marijuana.
The route starts at the city’s Ottoman-era train station and passes landmarks like the King David Hotel and the walls of the Old City.
Mr. Cliburn returned to the concert stage in 1987, but his following performances were infrequent.
A dreamy dance of estrangements and reunions, “Laurence Anyways” is overlong and more than a little theatrical.
The bill, which passed by a vote of 64 to 32 with 10 Republicans joining, was a priority of Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, who, as the Mormon Church’s highest-ranking member in the government, put the nondiscrimination measure at the top of the Senate’s agenda once the government reopened last month.
With Williams-Webb’s assistance, Anthony has become the latest in a long line of fashionable New York athletes that includes Joe Namath, famous for his fur coats, and Walt Frazier, champion of the fedora.
“Ultimately, put the blame on me,” Lucia said.
But, while the world is willing to spend more than $1 billion annually assisting survivors of attacks in Darfur, it seems unwilling to stand up to President Omar Hassan al-Bashir of Sudan or even speak out very forcefully.
In the Prologue “Silent Night” is almost like a movie.
Change your password.” It was already too late.
She is trying to update the rules so that they apply to a broader group of professionals when they are advising on retirement plans.
Much of the decline was directly due to the 22 percent reduction in spending by the Pentagon and military contractors in anticipation of the sequester’s effects.
Of course, industry people complain that the rules have not been written fast enough, but that is largely because of their diligent delaying tactics.
It is the source of the sorrow that permeates his unforgettable poem “The City,” which I have read again and again in Turkish and in English translation.
This form of premium setting is known as “community rating.” Because it forces healthier individuals to subsidize sicker individuals through the community-rated premiums, it has been much debated.
The “Birkie” attracts some 13,000 skiers who compete in events as demanding as a 54-kilometer marathon or as goofy as the Giant Ski, in which six-person teams strap into one pair of 25-foot-long skis and attempt to ski together.
“I know people told you not to start Veranda and you did anyway,” I said.
In the early pages of “Famous Men,” he wrote that it was obscene for a commercial enterprise to “pry intimately into the lives of an undefended and appallingly damaged group of human beings.” What readers are about to discover now is what all the fighting was about.
“That’s what a reputable gallery does,” the galleries’ lawyer, Gregory Clarick, said.
In fact, in 2008 Ms. Telmany and her husband, Edward, who have two children, paid $750,000 for a four-bedroom house built by the Baldachinos on four acres.
“To be honest, I am stunned with the response that we are getting,” he said.
Even Froome has acknowledged that the doping questions, while disheartening, are legitimate in the post-Lance Armstrong era.
“People still don’t know who Mitch McGary is, I guess,” said Wayne Brumm, his Amateur Athletic Union coach.
As it does everywhere in the world, modernity rolls on, fiercely.
We must define standards and functionalities in order to ensure a safe and coherent digital architecture.
James Estrin recently discussed with him how his work has evolved over the last four decades.
I don’t think about it that way at all, really.
Brimming with primal energy and set to dynamic, unexpected musical selections, they announced a new choreographic voice.
“We want to tell people we’re better, we’re innovators, and I don’t think people know or remember how innovative Southwest is.” Also, the humorous tack, “while it’s very effective, speaks more directly to leisure” travelers, Mr. Jordan said, than to the “combination of leisure and business” travelers Southwest would like to have.
Ms. Hou first won the crown in 2010 when she was 16, making her the youngest player, man or woman, to win a world title.
I made realistic schedules and met my deadlines.
As my colleague, Christine Hauser reports, Ariel Castro, a 52-year-old former school bus driver, along with his two of his brothers were arrested after the dramatic discovery Monday night that the three women had been abducted and held captive for years.
It’s like having a raft and a compass to navigate the waves.
You’re really in the game.” There are still big obstacles that could send Oculus Rift to the graveyard of failed virtual reality headsets.
A new 24-hour news and entertainment channel has a name, Fusion.
He followed that with a children’s book, “Amazing Maisie and the Cold Porridge Brigade” (1978); biographies of the British suffragist Charlotte Despard (1980) and the Scottish writer Compton Mackenzie (1987); and other works, including “Wild People” (1991), about the Iban tribe of Borneo; and “The Code of Love” (2001), a nonfiction book about a couple separated by World War II.
Lens is also on Facebook .
In the Pima County Medical Examiner’s Office here — repository of the nation’s largest collection of missing-person reports for immigrants who have vanished while crossing the United States-Mexico border — 774 sets of remains awaited identification in mid-May, stored in musty body bags coated in dust.
But this motorized thing is neat.
“First, good night to rape talk, legitimate or otherwise.
“That is a true story,” Mr. Swegman said.
I had the same response to the final revelations involving Ms. Colin’s suavely compassionate Lynn.
What it is not is an Outward Bound-style exercise in self-sufficiency and personal development: Amy’s berth has a private bathroom and plasma screen TV.
Simultaneously, the federal government could apply a percentage of those increased revenues to local governments.
Davis had a rough first month with the Eagles, but his defense has not allowed more than 21 points in any of the last seven games.
“I paid full price,” she said dryly.
In 2001 — after passing on David Wright with their first choice and taking Aaron Heilman — the Mets got their future captain at No.
Everyone ate until we collapsed on the couch with glasses of amaro or Sambuca to help digest it all.
The steak, overloaded with creamy goat cheese and roasted onions, came with a superb, house-made dipping sauce (Worcestershire, red wine, tomato and veal stock, with a hint of clove and tamarind), while the pork, beautifully branded with grill marks, was more simply presented with asparagus spears and roasted red potatoes spiked with rosemary and thyme.
One morning-TV veteran suggested to him that firing Curry, who had been co-hosting for only about six months at that point, would be tantamount to “killing Bambi.” Undeterred, Bell hatched a careful three-part plan: 1.)
I was fine until I rode down steep hills, at which point, not wanting to shred my brakes, I tried to slow my terrifying descent via knee power; after two hours of this, I imagined that my increasingly hydrocephalic knees would burst through my pants legs.
At a party sponsored by Emily’s List, which helps elect Democratic women who favor abortion rights, the talk was of 2016 — and whether Hillary Rodham Clinton, the departing secretary of state, might run for president.
If Dreaming of Julia passes the Oaks test, Pletcher would urge the connections to seriously consider the Belmont for her.
Yemeni citizens who have been freed from the hellish grip of A.Q.A.P.
“Bad Moon Rising” by Creedence Clearwater Revival is a great song, not just because it is a classic earworm song, but also because it contains one of the most famous mondegreens in all of music.
Museums and Galleries BOUND BROOK “Adorn (The Female Figure in Folklore and Myth),” group show.
“This is the sudden expression of the people’s discontent.
She was evacuated by helicopter to a hospital with a broken shinbone.
The racial divisions, the corruption scandals, the failures to cope with crack and homelessness all contributed to a sense it was time for a change.
His newspaper ran an obituary, which contained the line “One of his other passions was fantasy football, winning the championship trophy multiple times.” His wife, Bonnie, asked to have our championship trophy, a replica (in the loosest sense of the word) of the Lombardi Trophy, at his memorial service while people paid their respects to Sean, who, as far as bragging rights go, was exceptionally talented at managing a fantasy football team.
This opera was a commission from Peak Performances, but how did you come up with the idea of devoting a piece to the life of Clementine Hunter?
The authorities in Warwickshire, for example, went further, withholding the name of Mr. Greaves even after he had been charged.
Anyone picking out paint for a house knows that a good trim color may not work in bulk.
That’s bang in line with the net present value of promised cost savings.
That’s a significant chunk of repertory.
“I feel pretty good,” Woods said.
Banning Kam Air from military contracts cast a shadow over the company and posed difficulties for Mr. Karzai’s travel plans.
The excitement on the backside during Derby week is something that is hard to put into words; it’s best to see it and feel it for yourself.
(Pressing the Windows and the X key also reveals a menu with the shutdown command in the lower-left corner of the screen.)
How will you sort facts and hype about the flu, and flu vaccines, from myths?
A total of £4.3 million has been set aside for the eight projects, which will involve more than 30,000 students in 380 British schools.
And this month, on May 26 at the London Literature Festival, 40 British actresses and poets (among them Miranda Richardson, Juliet Stevenson and Anna Chancellor) will correct the record viva voce, reading “Ariel” aloud in the order Plath set.
I’m just saying let’s let things play out.” It was obvious in October, if not earlier, that the Jets’ trade for Tebow was misguided.
Mr. Catsimatidis has been relentless in attacking Mr. Lhota with television commercials and mailings, and he ventured into provocative territory in the debate, criticizing Mr. Lhota for communication problems among first responders on Sept. 11 and the city’s decision to locate its emergency operations headquarters at the World Trade Center.
No statute explicitly authorizes mass surveillance.
“It’s not something I’m worried about,” Wright said, adding that he was disappointed only about not being able to play.
Up to 24 shootings will be authorized this year under an updated wolf plan, but only one wolf has been killed thus far.
“The label doesn’t reflect the current evidence that these medications are ineffective for treating cough and cold symptoms in kids under 6,” he said.
Sawgrass, designed to leave no part of the game untested, had been a source of frustration even with a victory in 2001.
I remember, when my mom and I first came to the states, she was so shocked that everyone was so dressed down in sandals and shorts.
His father is a managing director in Manhattan with the industrials group in the investment banking division of Barclays, the British bank.
I’ve demonstrated that by putting forward serious reforms to tax and entitlement programs that would bring down our long-term deficits.
“Hang Gliding,” after all, is about hang-gliding in Brazil.
When Mr. Mandela went into prison in 1964, she was left to raise their two daughters, Zenani and Zindzi.
MORRISTOWN New Jersey Ballet, “The Nutcracker,” with full orchestra.
“Don Pasquale,” Salt Marsh Opera.
500 reached a record intraday high of 1,833.32, and Dow also hit an intraday high of 16,360.60 The S.&P.
It hasn’t got a nice, clean narrative.
We got a credit for that amount.)
He has divided the Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds.” Echoing a common complaint of the authoritarian tendencies of the prime minister voiced by analysts and diplomats, Mr. Haddad said: “Maliki interferes in everything.
“We’ve already mentioned that it didn’t work out here.
“Twin Peaks.” What’s the beauty product that you can’t live without?
LIGHTS OUT I’m a very early-to-bed person.
Do you ever listen to country music as you’re driving for inspiration?
“I have a competition going with ‘City of Night,’ ” Mr. Rechy said.
I’m hoping that when I end my career I can at least have a house somewhere in America I can go to.” Johannsson and AZ return to action Thursday against the Greek club Atromitos in the second leg of its Europa League qualifying playoff.
Ignore it and be rewarded with miles of tranquil, car-free riding.
René may be vaguely interested in selling the country on life without Pinochet, but what reels him in is the challenge of pitching a superior product.
Though their defense was solid, the short-handed Pacers bungled basic offensive plays.
That hurdle is particularly high in this case, which centers on the vagaries of rules that even seasoned Wall Street employees struggle to interpret.
14 Photos View Slide Show › Concentrated shellfish stock is the foundation a zuppa di pesce so deeply fragrant, you know it’s coming before it’s on the table.
Perhaps he’s forgotten that we already had a showdown over the part of the Constitution that says federal law supersedes state law.
The public address announcer would introduce the team, and Madison Square Garden would tremble with cheers.
He certainly could not disagree.
But you see how big our vehicle is and how expensive it is.
SUSANNAH C. DRAKE Brooklyn, Sept. 10, 2013 The writer is a landscape architect designing systems to capture and filter storm water runoff in natural landscapes.
I heard on the news that New York State will now permit animal owners to share burial plots in their deceased pets’ cemeteries, and my first thought was: “Why wait, guys?
“It was a complete surrender,” Theodore M. Grossman of the Jones Day law firm, the lead counsel for Macy’s in the case, said after the agreement was announced.
As the fly accelerated below the boat, a fish rose and missed the fly.
The accusation that he stole from the Brooklyn courts to help pay for his race to become the borough’s top law enforcement officer was particularly striking, prosecutors said.
“This is a victory for community power.” At the meeting, SUNY officials announced that a Brooklyn-based developer, Fortis Property Group, had proposed to turn the hospital in Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, into condominiums with a small portion of space to be devoted to an urgent care center and other medical facilities, but not a hospital.
SAC portfolio managers — the fund’s most senior traders, given the authority to make their own investment decisions and also feed Mr. Cohen their best ideas — are paid, on average, 20 percent of the profits they generate for the fund.
At a time when so many officials in both parties still invoke the virtues of compromise and perpetuate the ideal of common ground on which “conservative pragmatists” can meet “moderate Democrats,” these more combative Republicans may be in the vanguard of a new post-consensus politics.
He has brought a new level of critical and audience attention to the storytelling and the music by stripping away production elements.
“Most social media are perfectly suitable methods for communicating with investors, but not if the access is restricted or if investors don’t know that’s where they need to turn to get the latest news.” Mr. Hastings is not the only corporate executive to face trouble over his social media habits.
During the meanwhile, let’s rock out to some Hendrix: Your thoughts?
The soup is also delicious served hot.
Fulham’s fans were happy with Fayed, who spent lavishly to lift the club’s fortunes.
A : There are two different threads.
We talked at a couple of different events and then I was leading a walking tour from Columbia down to Chinatown; we had students from all over the world on this tour, but she was the only one from the Midwest and I just teased her endlessly for being from Milwaukee.
This attractive, white 300-lumen projector is a super short-thrower.
The last Godzilla movie shot in this style, the aptly named “Godzilla Final Wars,” was released almost a decade ago, after a half-century span during which the creature appeared in 28 films, sometimes every year.
I certainly do not want to have to give it up if I don’t have to, but I also don’t want to do anything that is likely to exacerbate things.
The others were in the 1968 World Series, to Detroit; the 1985 World Series, to Kansas City; and the 1996 N.L.C.S., to Atlanta.
Alvarez (5-6) struck out four, walked one and hit a batter.
Stephanopoulos wrote back and invited Bardella to drop by next time he was in the neighborhood of ABC News’s Washington bureau near Dupont Circle.
As part of their contract with TerraCycle, our sponsoring brands provide us with funds to incentivize collections — those 2-cent payments per unit of waste.
The pilots of the Asiana jet that crashed here Saturday believed that they had set the auto-throttles, devices that can control the engines to maintain safe airspeed, but speed fell to unsafe levels anyway, the chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board said on Tuesday.
“Once they get in, they tend to stay in,” said Alan Auerbach, director of the Robert D. Burch Center for Tax Policy and Public Finance at the University of California, Berkeley.
There has been persistent speculation over the years that Mr. Marcos actually established the preserve not for conservation but because his son was a keen hunter.
Mr. Witkoff said pricing at 10 Madison Square Park would start out modestly.“We believe in pricing that creates a lot of interest,” he said, “and we bought the property well, and we can afford to do it that way, so we intend to do that.” The Toy Building North has always been unassuming.
For much of Thursday, a tale told by a Beijing taxi driver appeared to offer ideal political theater for the Chinese government: a humble cabby took the nation’s top leader, Xi Jinping, for an incognito ride and revealed Mr. Xi’s yearning to share the pain, and the congested streets, of a frustrated public.
“I was expecting to come here Tuesday or Wednesday, but next week for sure,” he said.
It was several months, he added, before he got his putter back.
The most obvious contenders are those that bought bonds with borrowed money.
It’s really about the players.” Good luck with that.
Larry Novenstern joined the New York office of Tennis Channel in a new post, vice president for integrated partnerships.
She asked that only her first name be used to protect her privacy.
Ms. Quinn spoke about her immigrant roots, but her campaign for mayor was never far from mind — she quipped about one of the Republican contenders, Joseph J. Lhota, and near the end of the ceremony, after she delivered an award to the Irish actor Liam Neeson, Mr. Neeson called her “madam speaker,” and then paused.
“Well, we’ve got to go on without Landon at some point — today, six months from today, or two years from today,” Gulati said.
Draped in robes of Spanish moss, the tree stands above its mirror image, reflected in a pond.
At 8 p.m., Players Theater, 115 Macdougal Street, at Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village, (800) 551-4767, hollywoodpop.com/mondaynightmagic; $66.50 to $72.50; $10 discounts available on phone orders with the codes HPG-Prem or HPG-VIP.
Reborn culture started around 1990, with people stripping the paint and hair off store-bought vinyl dolls and painstakingly reworking them to be more lifelike.
– Glenn Collins Eater : The Manhattan branch of Brooklyn Fare has found a chef — from Boulder, Colo. Jared Sippel, who was recently chef de cuisine at Frasca, also worked at the Michelin two-star L’Oustau de Baumaniere in France, and at Quince in San Francisco.
“You can see a big drop-off in African-American and Latinos working in city government.”
“The animal spirits that are necessary to get an above-average expansion in the economy are largely absent.” Of the 10 companies in the S.& P. 500 that have talked about the coming quarter, eight have provided negative guidance, according to Thomson Reuters .
“I think the sky’s the limit for the U.F.C.
Instead the match was abandoned with few than 30 minutes played to protest the racist chanting by home fans of a club whose name translates to “For the Fatherland.” After announcements over the stadium’s public-address system failed to quell the chants coming from the stands, Milan’s Kevin-Prince Boateng, dribbling on the far touchline, picked up the ball and kicked it into the stands in what the club described as a hail of racist epithets.
At 4 p.m., (866) 811-4111, watsonadventures.com; $40.50; $34.50 for 65+; $30.50 for college students; $29.50 for ages 10 through 17 (includes museum admission).
Senator John McCain of Arizona, on the CBS News program “Face the Nation,” said Mr. Hagel’s early opposition to the troop surge in Iraq was “bizarre,” and he said he would have many questions for Mr. Hagel when he appears before the Armed Services Committee for confirmation hearings.
When I think about it, I really don’t think anything really compares to that.
One man felt sorry enough for us that he bought a Dave Meggett football card for $2.
Mitchell Zeller, director of the Center for Tobacco Products at the agency, said some of the rejected products presented new public health risks by including, for example, more added chemicals than a similar product currently being sold.
He also told lawmakers that inflation was rising at an annualized rate of 42 percent — far higher than the 32 percent rate reported by the government-controlled Central Bank.
On Monday night, some 850 members of the Boston University community gathered for a memorial for Lu Lingzi, the 23-year-old statistics graduate student killed as she stood with her friends at the finish line.
Based on the four-door Rapide S , the Hybrid Hydrogen Rapide S has a 550-horsepower, twin-turbocharged 6-liter V-12 engine that pushes the car from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 4.7 seconds on its way to a top speed of 190 miles per hour.
And you get the distinct feeling that visitors are less important to him than the participation and acceptance of Forest Houses residents, many of whom have progressed from suspicious bemusement to grudging recognition to near-wholesale emotional ownership of the project, even older residents who initially complained that it looked like a shanty rising in their yard.
to build the base on the condition that the Obama administration not acknowledge that it was in Saudi Arabia.
Wait, you’re a Nets fan?
Clay Art Center, 40 Beech Street.
The game is faster than ever, with some of the damage occurring without contact.
And finally, there’s the beard.
The boy’s sanctimonious Aunt Demetria Riffle (Angela Reed) is termed a “pismire” by Gramps, who defines that as “one of the meanest ants there is.” Then Mr.
Instead, when stability and rule of law have existed over the past three decades, they have almost solely been the function of an Islamic court system.
That success was repeated in Bhog’s chicken, slaveringly luscious with a nutty sauce we were still spooning up long after the meat was gone.
Enter “Jekyll & Hyde.” Mr. Maroulis was the first person cast in the revival, upon the suggestion of Nick Scandalios, executive vice president of Nederlander Presentations, which is producing the show.
And then there was the night that would change my life as a basketball fan forever, the night I met the tallest man I had ever seen.
In scrambling to present their blueprint on Monday, the day before Mr. Obama’s speech, the senators stole a march on the president.
$4 to $6; children under 10 are free.
1.” And that’s the best hope for those concerned about climate change: that global warming isn’t just devastating for society, but also bad for business.
Then, back to New York, where, although public buses are accessible, most transportation for me ranges from difficult (like the East River Ferry, which runs at different intervals, depending on the time of day) to feeling as if we’re in the Dark Ages.
And twice it told us that we had arrived several miles before our true destinations, one of which was a major hotel.
Eight players carried yellow cards into the match, and three — defenders Geoff Cameron and Matt Besler and striker Jozy Altidore — picked up another up during Friday’s game, meaning they will be suspended and unavailable Tuesday.
“I think the reality is that our understanding of where the stock is has changed,” Mr. Nies said.
He predicts that prices could fall 40 percent in inflation-adjusted terms over the next generation and that the end of the bubble will probably cause a recession at some point.
Here is a slide show of photographs from the past week in New York City and the region.
Tampa Bay had runners at first and second with two outs in the seventh when Delmon Young, who put the Rays ahead to stay with a sacrifice fly in the first, hit a soft fly ball.
Simple but true: food becomes “literally more wonderful (and wonderfully more literal)” when we remember that who we are and what we eat are parts of the same world.
Nontraditional operators like Mr. Bezos can afford to adopt a long-term strategy, something he has done rather effectively at Amazon.
Subsequent research has found that polls may slightly overstate support for same-sex marriage, as compared to ballot results.
They would strut around the room, every few minutes bearing a plate to my table as if it had come straight from God’s workshop, and God couldn’t quite remember who I was.
On Wednesday, the Senate Banking Committee will conduct a hearing on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s semiannual report to Congress; the House Financial Services Committee will hold a hearing about the housing finance system and impediments to private investment capital; a House Financial Services subcommittee will conduct a hearing on United States contributions to the International Monetary Fund; and a House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee will hold a hearing about the Energy Department’s loan to Fisker Automotive.
And for one problem in particular: “the backlog,” the huge and probably still growing inventory of claims for disability compensation filed by wounded or ill veterans.
“I kind of wanted it to be abrasive,” Mr. Ryan said.
Chinese visitors spent the equivalent of almost $23 billion in Hong Kong in 2012 — equal to about 9 percent of gross domestic product — and that figure, said Donna Kwok, an economist at HSBC in Hong Kong, is likely to rise to about $60 billion by 2015.
To win that battle, to answer that call -- this remains our great unfinished business.
However, in an apparent concession to Okinawa opposition, Mr. Abe said he would not ask the governor for a key construction permit before going to the United States, as some in Mr. Abe’s government had hoped to do.
Few other dry rieslings capture a sense of place with as much crystalline precision and delicacy as Germany’s do.
So did social and religious conservatives, like the Rev.
Liverpool lost its ninth match of the Premier League season in England and probably any reasonable shot at finishing among the top four (and earning an automatic Champions League berth), falling by 2-0 to visiting West Bromwich Albion at Anfield on Monday.
“I don’t know what the tanks’ design life was intended to be, but it’s not for infinity,” the state’s chief environmental official, Catherine B. Templeton, said in an interview.
I don’t want you to get bored.’ ” “Thanks a bunch,” Mr. Leahy replied.
And the beat changes two-thirds of the way through, and “Julia” turns into another song, radically slow and resigned.
On other occasions, he made more than one player cry.
His tastes ran from the classics to boldly independent cinema to cartoons, and his put-downs could be withering.
In May 1863, the Charleston Mercury captured the popular mood, supporting the idea of announcing to the world that “we will admit their Consuls when they admit ours; that we will respect the rights of their nationality so soon as they respect ours; that we will acknowledge their citizens to be their citizens just when they acknowledge us to be citizens of the Confederate States, and not till then.” Because the Confederacy was never recognized, it never granted foreign consuls official status.
We are now live streaming from backstage at Alexander Wang.
Thanks for helping keep Dot Earth worthwhile, not just by reading what I write, but also by reacting and constructively weighing in.
POUGHKEEPSIE “Recent Acquisitions: Works on Paper.” Through March 30.
She’s completely the mistress of the role’s technique; you can’t easily take your eyes off her; she has moments of marvelous linear amplitude.
As public health officials struggle to contain the spread of influenza, pertussis and norovirus, a growing number of hospitals around the country are placing restrictions on visitors to protect their patients from infection.
“It is common in any country that a parliamentarian offers prayers for the souls of the departed war heroes who gave their lives in defense of their country,” the leader, Hidehisa Otsuji, a Liberal Democratic lawmaker, told reporters after praying at the shrine.
But some who carefully compare their options on the exchange find that they can save money.
“She seemed very smart, and she seemed to be working on interesting things,” he said.
And among all the 114 million Mexicans, Victor Manuel Vucetich will never forget his own impulse to turn to Jiménez as his third and final substitute.
Grilled prime New York strip steak and chili-spiced pork chop (a special) were far more to my liking.
Still, in Washington, rhetoric can often trump fact.
If anything, careful U.S. consideration of its military options could strengthen the international coalition against Iran, deepen Iran’s isolation, and intensify the internal strains that could ultimately doom the regime.
Her feel for the subtle contrasts of épaulement — the contrasting-but-connected relationships between head, shoulders and hips so necessary to bring classical dance to full life — is exemplary, as is her musicality and the dramatic emphasis she can bring to the smallest of gestures .
Stung by criticism that they failed to follow through on numerous complaints against Mr. Savile, the police are now going out of their way to appear receptive to even the most minor complaint, even ones that are decades old.
Food insecurity does not simply cause more hunger; it means poorer, unhealthier food choices that lead to obesity, especially in children, diabetes and other problems that have long-term health consequences.
They couldn’t see the sites: they only saw each other and themselves in each other’s eyes.
“Once we get that report, legislative fixes can then be considered.” The task force would include lawmakers of both parties, as well as the corrections commissioner, the chairman of the State Parole Board, and independent experts selected by legislative leaders.
In the end, however, the prospect of imminent collapse concentrated the mind.
She is Susan Weber-Stoger, not Weber.
Sufferers of Parkinson’s disease got lucky when Michael J.
Archdiocesan officials have previously said that they were hopeful the church and neighbors could coexist in harmony, but that they could not necessarily dictate that Father Robbins cease or reduce the chimes.
“The Coens, bless their hearts, are too smart to apologize for avarice — it’s what gave screwball comedies a kick, and sends this movie straight to your head,” Elvis Mitchell wrote in The Times.
Plans to curb costly and wasteful subsidy systems have been postponed or watered down.
So what is it with the Eastern Conference of the N.B.A.?
It’s all a little silly, but Mr. Mickle’s restrained gravity stifles the impulse to laugh.
A person familiar with Barnes & Nobles’s strategy acknowledged that this quarter, which includes holiday sales, has caused executives to realize the company must move away from its program to engineer and build its own devices and focus more on licensing its content to other device makers.
— MARK LANDLER First edition of tomorrow morning’s Boston Globe.
Many critics have called for gradually dismantling the P.D.S.
Since the Dolphins were defeated by Tampa Bay, 22-19, on Monday night, though, there has been less good will — and their fans have become even more pointed.
It is estimated that the cost of the trial will be about $200,000.
DealBook » Owner of German Publisher Said to Move Toward an Exit | The Swedish buyout firm EQT Partners is contemplating an exit from Springer Science & Business Media, a German academic publisher, with plans to either sell it or take it public, Bloomberg News reports.
Whatever’s going to happen is going to happen.
Less than 20 years later, Thomas Edison bought waterfront acreage for a winter home.
I just spent a day in this northeast Syrian town.
The surreal chain of events continues, as Milland is given the secret information required to win a cake in a contest, a mistake that earns the ire of a mysterious gentleman in a morning coat (Dan Duryea, in the first of several memorable performances for Lang), who sends a blind man who is not blind (a persistent figure in Lang’s body of work) to recover the inexplicably important pastry.
Civics, and Zengo Motorsport and Proteam Racing, private teams, will also field the new Civics.
The worst news — or what the White House should find most worrisome — is that the president’s character has taken a hit.
Haas began the final round last year two strokes behind Mickelson and Bradley.
Indeed, the reaction of financial markets to the Chrysler bankruptcy suggests that favorable court rulings or other such tidings could lead to higher mortgage interest rates nationwide even before the final outcome is known on the legality of this use of eminent domain.
Liu Xiaobo, the jailed Nobel Peace laureate serving an 11-year term for subversion after calling for an end to one-party rule and greater democracy in China, has recently been reading a popular nonfiction book about the history of Soviet Communism and Russian intellectuals in the 19th and 20th centuries, as well as Christian philosophical texts.
(Schwendener) New-York Historical Society: ‘John Rogers: American Stories’ (through Feb. 18) The sculptor John Rogers (1829-1904) was the Norman Rockwell of his time.
“Sometimes it’s hard to catch him,” Montero said.
But Dr. Dabholkar never put stock in sudden breakthroughs, said his son, Hamid Dabholkar, as mourners filtered through the family’s home.
It places them at higher risk of dropping out of school and of being unemployed, and it makes it more likely that they will become permanently entangled with the criminal justice system.
In the absence of other evidence, many people tend to see the piece as the sum of her accomplishment, but to this view the Whitney’s tenderly shaped and visually absorbing survey says: No.
In the past Mr. Park has cited Hitchcock, along with Brian De Palma and David Cronenberg, as a primary inspiration for a body of work that has established him as South Korea’s most celebrated director, highlighted by the “revenge trilogy” of “Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance,” “Oldboy” and “Lady Vengeance.” He discounted the connection, though, in his decision to take on “Stoker.” “I didn’t choose to do it because it had a connection to Hitchcock but despite those connections,” he said.
None of them were especially luxurious or expensive compared with the rarefied dining rooms that are catnip to the Michelin Guide.
Are all of the effort, money and testing worth it?
(Brantley) ★ ‘Potted Potter’ With no new Harry Potter adventures to pore over, what’s a Muggle in need of a fix to do?
“He can open up spaces, and I want him to continue trying things, to express himself, to dislodge good defenses.
Ms. Dickinson had been raised in California, had graduated from Stanford and had come to New York in 1937.
Let’s hope they are right and that one of the first changes he undertakes is to get rid of the one-child rule.
Drug companies must pay new fees totaling $34 billion over the same period.
Joshua J. Harris, a founder of Apollo Global Management , doubled down on a big chemical company that stood on the brink of liquidation.
It was the very giant-ness of giant viruses that allowed them to be overlooked for so long.
After North raised to three spades, Multon (East) competed with four clubs, which gave South the chance to show his diamond suit.
Curtis Malone, the president and founder of the D.C.
administrator, Michael P. Huerta, had provided “only general statements” to the committee about how it would handle budget cuts resulting from the so-called sequester, while giving a detailed briefing to the airlines.
” asked an article posted at Mashable.com in September.
Wall Street lobbyists opposed the Volcker Rule more fiercely than any other regulation that has come from the Dodd-Frank law, which Congress passed in 2010.
For a team that has been to the summit, the defending Stanley Cup champion Los Angeles Kings have managed to conquer quite an assortment of new challenges this postseason.
A Google spokesman, Al Verney, declined to comment beyond repeating Google’s statement that it continued “to work cooperatively with the European Commission.” Antoine Colombani, a commission spokesman, did not respond to requests for comment on Sunday.
But Wallace was defiant, challenging its constitutionality.
“This will be our Rockefeller Center,” said Robert Kaplan, a principal with the Miami Beach office of Ackman-Ziff, a New York-based mortgage brokerage, referring to the Brickell CityCentre.
A highwayman holds a pistol to my ear, and mutters through his teeth, “Stand and deliver, or I shall kill you, and then you will be a murderer!” Old Abe would have recognized today’s Republicans — and would probably have been saddened that this modern equivalent of the people he fought against bear the name, though none of the spirit, of his party.
Researchers say it is too early to make many specific recommendations, but no one is suggesting that men take estrogen, because high doses cause feminine features like enlarged breasts.
The German company is being advised by Morgan Stanley and Perella Weinberg Partners.
In an election at the union’s triennial meeting, in Prague, the group voted to define a planet as an object that was round, orbited the Sun, and had cleared everything else out of its orbital path.
The singers include the baritone Dario Solari as the overreaching Scot and the soprano Tatiana Serjan as his malignant Lady.
Premium Crosswords is available through subscription only.
– Claire Cain Miller High-Tech Ugly Christmas Sweaters Display Animated Designs Using a Hidden Smartphone Laughing Squid | The company that makes wonderfully creepy Halloween costumes is back with “high-tech” sweaters for the holiday.
“I said I make more money doing my job than degrading myself to do that,” said Ms. Knapp, a tattoo artist with dark streaks in her light brown hair, a bird tattoo on her chest and piercings above her lip and left cheekbone.
He also received a master’s in applied physics from Harvard.
The consortium also includes A&E Networks, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, AOL, Cablevision and the Tribune Company.
But all isn’t grim: a solitary evening bike ride home for Jesse after his first innocent teenage kiss — an unexpected but not incongruous sequence infused with exhilarated delirium — soars.
I don’t experience imaginary maladies — my maladies are real.
He contacted our local parliament member, and we did receive a document detailing the interview.
At the same time, she brought with her a history that she had to sort out for herself at a geographical remove from its source.
Although five of the top 10 radio stations in the country, as measured by advertising dollars, are AM — among them WCBS in New York and KFI in Los Angeles — the wealth drops rapidly after that.
To Indulge: An Essence of Blond Chocolate In his book “Beard on Bread,” James Beard tells of accidentally turning his oven to broil instead of bake at first, a felicitous blunder that resulted in a fine loaf and a recipe that was a keeper.
The victories in the first week against Japan, Mexico and Italy have been rugged, workmanlike, sometimes niggling and occasionally blessed with the grace that makes Neymar such a sight for sore eyes on the world stage.
The recommendation of the court’s advocate general, Niilo Jaaskinen, who acted as an official fact finder for the panel, could inform the debate in the European Parliament over updating Europe’s 1995 data protection law, which was adopted at the dawn of the Internet broadband era.
Here are edited excerpts from the conversation: When you take on a period role, as you’ve done with “Gold” and “Barbara,” do you approach it differently?
Oh, no, far from it.
Ms. Jefferson said that teachers at Bethune had assisted her with personal problems, including drug-related issues.
Ann Valdez, who lives in Coney Island Houses, cited an influx of water bugs, cockroaches and mice.
Really, anyone in my position probably would have gotten the same injury.” Nascar officials are investigating Hamlin’s accident and others with engineers from the Midwest Roadside Safety Facility at the University of Nebraska.
The range and quality of the works have greatly improved.
On Friday night, none of those players were on the field.
St. Louis looks serious in the best way possible.
But because they shared a sense of mission that transcended personal celebrity, the ties bonding the early ’60s folkies were unusually strong.
“This coffin is not that air tight, but it staves off decomposition a lot longer than the traditional pine box,” Mort said.
Until then, skiers mainly collected patches and pins of ski areas like Aspen and Stowe.
“It was crude and offensive — not to mention inconsistent with The Onion’s commitment to parody and satire, however biting.” Mr. Hannah’s post continued: “No person should be subjected to such a senseless, humorless comment masquerading as satire.
Dr. Krauss’s last book received a rocky reception from some philosophers, who said it left unanswered where the laws of physics themselves came from.
And we can raise the minimum wage.
And if by some miracle we win, we’ll be ready for it.” Cudmore agreed that the team for which he has played since 2007 is very good and has every chance of winning.
Go away to a spa?
She recalled talking to an insurance agent in Florida who relayed the story of a Hispanic colleague who would make just one or two sales calls per hour to prospective Hispanic customers while the other agents were smiling and dialing constantly.
Elected state officials can’t really campaign, and they must cross a parliamentary minefield, knowing that what happens between now and Memorial Day — the end of the session — could bite them in 2014, when the next elections take place.
Overwhelmed by its complexities, she soon sought help from an unusual source: a Yale-trained scholar and former Michigan state official named Stephen Dresch.
First, he said, under current law companies are not required to retain such records, and some dispose of them in much less than five years.
“Baby Boomers and Gen Xers tend to know C# and SQL,” she said.
But as the old prints buckle and fade, and the equipment required to project them properly rusts away, it has become difficult to see these movies as they were made.
Helen Hayes Theater, 240 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
Analysts had expected the company to report revenue of $12.41 billion.
But sanctions will not have succeeded until Iran’s nuclear program is tamed.
This is still the case in many rural areas.
I’d love to do some more like that.
She’s shopping for health insurance for the first time, joining the millions of Americans buying coverage on the health care exchanges.
So it seemed implausible that a young company, heralded as one of the technology industry’s next big things, would want to make its headquarters in Mid-Market.
For a small fee they can be programmed to speak French and pontificate on Faust too.
“We’ll see if it sets off a chain reaction, and more people start to do that,” Mr. Baldessari said.
You might swear that he is smiling at you the entire time.
The founders were wise, but they were subject to the prevailing wisdoms and possessed of a profound sense of privilege.
Still, we can invest our efforts in new development as wisely as possible, choosing solar over coal and biodiversity over factory farms.
Feet and hands produce much of the spare aural landscape (enhanced by emissions of crackling and static, thanks to Alex Waterman).
But it was her work as an assistant director at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival that connected her with board members of Profile.
His slowing down usually means that he had been overplaying his cards with the hope that you would fold or his hand would improve.
This new Imax film at the American Museum of Natural History follows a young male king penguin on the island of South Georgia in the southern Atlantic.
For the typical American adult under 65 who does not have health insurance, the total of all health care bills would be $2,700.
Also, even though seen only in two examples — Ms. Hathaway’s Tiffany rocks and a long, delicate Chopard chain worn by Ms. Lawrence — backward-hanging necklaces are likely to become a thing.
SEA CLIFF Pumpkin Patch, 10th Anniversary, featuring pumpkins for sale, Sundays through Fridays, noon to 6 p.m. Saturdays and Columbus Day, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 1 through 31.
There’s not much new under the moon here, which makes what the writer and director Richard LaGravenese does with the story all the more notable.” 6:30 P.M. (13) PAVAROTTI: A VOICE FOR THE AGES “Great Performances” celebrates the 50th anniversary of the beginning of Luciano Pavarotti’s career with this compilation of signature arias, including “Nessun Dorma” from Puccini’s “Turandot”; Neapolitan songs like “Mamma” and “La Mia Canzone al Vento,” arranged by Henry Mancini; and duets with Bono, Sting and Eric Clapton.
That country’s version of the small South American meat patty features a substantial beef filling tucked into a flaky shell, and it was love at first bite.
At these moments, the tension and pressure are palpable.
On the first tee, Mickelson, who started the day with a six-stroke lead, told Snedeker, “You better bring you’re A game today because I want your best.” Snedeker fired back, “Don’t you worry, you’ll be getting it.” So began a barb and birdie fest, with Mickelson carding a 67 to Snedeker’s 65 to win by four .
This became the most talked-about moment of the game, the next reason to polish King James’s crown, as Adrian Wojnarowski writes on Yahoo.com , and revel in his flair for the dramatic, as Ken Berger does on CBSSports.com .
The show, a blend of fact and fiction set in the backstage world of the Paris Opera Ballet, is inspired by the sculpture of a young French ballerina that Edgar Degas made in the late 19th century.
Small groups of prisoners were sent there from the Dachau concentration camp under armed guard.
Can we reclaim what is probably already lost?
There is “no expectation of further improvements in the shorter term,” the letter said, suggesting that it would not pay for care that would not result in his getting better anytime soon.
DIAMONDBACKS 8, PADRES 1 Patrick Corbin pitched seven solid innings, and visiting Arizona snapped a season-high four-game losing streak.
There is also a light table that lets us place cards with plant and animal names on its touch screen, sprouting images and information we can explore.
A slide show of photographs of cultural highlights from this week.
Manohla Dargis opens her film review with the following statement: “12 Years a Slave” isn’t the first movie about slavery in the United States — but it may be the one that finally makes it impossible for American cinema to continue to sell the ugly lies it’s been hawking for more than a century.
As promised above, here’s Swetnam’s full comment on the human factors in the West’s fire history, and future: The striking drop-off in surface fires occurrence in the late nineteenth/early 20th century is very common throughout the western US in pine dominant and mixed confer forests….
Wait, wait — what IS that in Michael Wacha’s glove?
Gail Collins : David, as you know, I’m from Cincinnati.
But Problem 6 seemed to stump everyone.
Can I get away with just inviting a couple co-workers in such a small office?
Otherwise it’s a cooperative with its roots in the 1960s and ’70s, technically accomplished but ever-conscious of ensemble subtleties, with Mr. Gomez on bass, Mr. Barron on piano and Mr. Foster on drums.
You walk into Barneys, only to discover you have committed an offense — as a lawsuit filed last week by a black shopper who was detained after buying a Ferragamo belt there made clear.
As one Cairo doctor puts it: “When I have 10 women who appear for a consultation, I sympathize with at least 9 of them.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Hunterdon Art Museum, 7 Lower Center Street.
That in practice means filing into a second-floor chamber in the ever-enterprising south London arts complex.
(Schaefer) Sokolow Theater/Dance Ensemble and From the Horse’s Mouth (Friday through Sunday) Anna Sokolow is what some today might call an early adopter and connector.
To ensure that the loans don’t ensnare borrowers in debt,the comptroller said, banks should also monitor how often customers take out the loans.
MileLogr says that could result in a tax savings of $2,747.25, assuming a 33 percent tax bracket.
“It’s the most complicated beverage we consume,” he said.
The Platinum Magna 21-inch Expandable Spinner Suiter sells for about $320.
One bright spot for Carlyle was fund-raising: It brought in $6.5 billion in new capital in the third quarter, as it secured commitments from existing investors and attracted new ones.
Etiquette Disclosure Cheat Sheet”: “I’m sorry to hear that ….” “You’re not alone ….” “Have you found a good doctor yet?” My favorite suggestion comes from Mark S. King, 52, who has been positive for 29 years and writes the blog, My Fabulous Disease”: The best policy is to be patient and open to whatever response we might receive when we disclose; people are only human and sometimes respond uncomfortably.
22 Photos View Slide Show › “Before he moved in, I saw him with one of the building managers in the hallway, and I put two and two together that they were showing him an apartment,” Mr. Kramer said.
Spoken Word GREENWICH “Telling American History through Imagery in Prints,” lecture.
had not shared with the Boston police information it received in 2011 about Mr. Tsarnaev, or about the bureau’s subsequent inquiry, which found no evidence of ties to Muslim extremists.
Formerly known as Shuffle Master, SHFL makes products like automatic card shufflers and roulette chip sorters, as well as proprietary table games and electronic gambling machines.
That grandfather eventually became a speech teacher, but it wasn’t until Ms. Quinlan was an adult, living in Waterside Plaza, the huge apartment complex in the 20s just east of F.D.R.
But who would save the day?
One play from the 2012-13 theater season, “The Performers,” will not be eligible for Tonys because the critically drubbed production did not run long enough; the show closed in November after 24 preview performances and 6 regular performances.
Apart from that, he said, the logs give a glimpse of Mr. Snowden’s personality.
They are playing with Richie Schwartz, Allan Graves, Bob Hamman and Sam Lev.
Fridays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Hallockville Museum Farm and Folklife Center, 6038 Sound Avenue.
Watching him, I realized how potent it was, his obsession with belonging, when coupled with his restlessness.
“The most important point,” he was quoted as saying, was “that kids love you.” Because he is considered a flight risk, Mr. Lehman has been held without bail since his arrest.
Here’s one strategy: offer the world a protagonist whose personal history is just about as far from his own as is possible in the age of globalization.
When Nathaniel graduated from Yale, he said, he made cold calls to magazines looking for work, most of which did not return his inquiries.
The cases brought on Friday echo earlier criminal charges against SAC employees.
Suffolk, N.Y., $100 million of tax anticipation notes.
For administrators who seek to cement the TU of Dresden’s ascendency as an international research destination, this means attracting senior researchers and top students and building infrastructure.
During the October 1973 war, President Nixon raised America’s military readiness to Defcon 3 to signal the Soviets to stay away.
Use eggs within three to five weeks of purchase.
Now he’s coming to the New Victory Theater with his own show, which includes not just comedy but also his high-wire, trampoline and other gasp-inducing acts.
1 on the Billboard dance/club play chart in June.
A disciplinary committee will determine if Klinsmann will be suspended for the final.
Problems with defense lawyers’ e-mails and computer files prompted a military commission judge on Thursday to postpone a pretrial hearing that had been scheduled for next week in the case of a Guantánamo Bay detainee accused of helping to plot the 2000 bombing of the destroyer Cole.
In an interview last week, Mr. Kingston objected to his opponents’ premise that the primary fight was forcing him to be more rigid about the shutdown than he ordinarily would be.
Ranked seventh , Snedeker is a perennial leader in the nice-guy category, but even that comes with a caveat.
Whether your kid loves Little League or gymnastics, ask the program organizers this: “Which kids get awards?” If the answer is, “Everybody gets a trophy,” find another program.
Google, which houses most of its 3,000 New York employees in a massive building on lower Eighth Avenue, has invested about $75,000 to install the broadest wireless network that is open to the public in any neighborhood in the city, elected officials announced Tuesday.
Many of them discovered the art form through pioneers like Yoko Komatsubara and Shoji Kojima , who traveled to Spain in the 1960s to learn flamenco and then opened academies and dance companies in Japan.
On Tuesday, UBS said it had “taken and will take appropriate action with respect to certain personnel as a result of our review, which is ongoing.” However, the bank declined to say what those actions might be or whether anyone had been placed on leave.
But, Mr. Moss said, “Pizza has been stolen by the fast food industry.” It gets unhealthy, he said, only when you freight it with “huge amounts of cheese, sauce with added sugar and overly fatty meat toppings.” Meat, normally at the center of the American plate, was in fact missing from the lunch menu altogether.
“They’re making their decisions, and then they’re coming back and doing this as a last-minute review,” he said.
Canada is on a hot streak, its movies regularly winning prizes at festivals like Berlin and Tribeca.
It’s going to come down to the last couple of games, for sure, so we just have to continue working really hard in practice, focusing on everything in our game.
Both the Syrian government and Russia, its strongest foreign backer, have called Mr. Brahimi’s impartiality into question because the Arab League has officially seated the Syrian opposition coalition as the legitimate representative of Syria.
I think I showed them enough this week in practice, so I think everything will be good to go.’ HAKEEM NICKS on playing against Washington.
The Union Army finally caught up to them at Marshall, Mo., just down the road from Waverly, where a 21-year-old Jo Shelby had moved from Kentucky to grow hemp with slave labor.
“This, I think, is a first-class philanthropic operation and one that is using its resources very wisely.” The vast majority of the parish’s property is in Hudson Square, a commercial neighborhood next to the Manhattan entrance to the Holland Tunnel.
When the Bill of Rights was adopted, it established that Americans’ papers and effects should be seized only when there was specific evidence of suspicious activity.
“I’m going to see if I can make this thing so it doesn’t leak at all,” he remembers thinking, “and outsmart the child.” Belanger had designed hot-glue guns, so he knew a lot about what made a nozzle work.
Many string quartets start out as a family and then over time morph into an institution.
When the suspects stopped for fuel, the carjacking victim escaped and the police were notified.
In these conversations, the executives explore the idea of gender and leadership in the workplace.
This is the agony of Syria today — and why the closer you get to it, the less certain you are how to fix it.
Only Leona Helmsley’s dogs have ever been so cosseted.
And then there is Yasiel Puig mania.
It’s a gambit eerily reminiscent of Mubarak’s ways.
Mr. Vickers, 46, who lives in Radford, Va., and is married with four children, cannot remember when it was otherwise.
Some people commit suicide because their sense of their own identity has dissolved.
The groom, 25, is stationed at Camp Hansen, Okinawa, where he is the adjutant of the Third Marine Intelligence Battalion.
Without going any further into the theme, let’s look at some of the rest of the puzzle.
Justice Barrett, in explaining his decision, acknowledged the retired detective’s record of public service as well as his contrition.
StageOne, Fairfield Theater Company, 70 Sanford Street.
It wasn’t that long ago that Indian women began to abandon traditional dress for Western fashion, and even then they often chose flashy over fashion-forward.
Although few graduates lack jobs, Bjorn Hanson of the Tisch Center noted that the travel sector recovery could be somewhat lower than forecast.
The tempestuous Louise is always running into trouble and stumbling, but she picks herself up.
... Mariano Rivera reiterated his decision to retire after the season.
Audits may be less frequent than every year.
Hastened by a high-speed-train link from the city, trailing restaurants, galleries and boutique hotels in its wake, the once-languishing county has become a new destination for those who want London access if not a London address.
At 11 a.m. and 1 p.m., 2162 Broadway, at 76th Street, fourth floor; (212) 579-0528, vitaltheatre.org; $39.50; $59.50 for premium seats; $20 for unreserved tickets purchased at the theater 20 minutes before showtime.
Federal government has a large role across the country and touches the lives of millions of people, and those people will be harmed.
This year, Mr. Burnett intends to release three new albums: a solo record produced by an independent label in Switzerland; a 14-track ska record called “The Lost Book of Ska,” featuring cameos by ska progenitors like Ernest Ranglin and Stranger Cole; and a compilation of singles he recorded 40 years ago at the legendary Black Ark Studio in Jamaica.
Charles Martin, 27, the child’s father, told a police dispatcher he had just finished cleaning his handgun and was in the process of reloading it when it went off.
I avoid the online megastores because they are not specialists in books; they make their money elsewhere.
If you’re on Medicare, your doctor will still see you.
(Chinen) ★ Fred Hersch Trio (Tuesday through Jan. 13) The unfalteringly elegant jazz pianist Fred Hersch has recorded worthwhile albums at the Village Vanguard before, and his latest — “Alive at the Vanguard,” a two-CD set recorded in February and released on Palmetto — chronicles an especially strong engagement by his current trio with the drummer Eric McPherson and the bassist John Hébert.
Yes, there has never been a 3-D cartoon about a snail before, though there have been a handful of charming children’s picture books about snails, including Vivian Walsh and J. Otto Seibold’s heart-rending “Gluey.” Still, even in the absence of originality, there is fun to be had, thanks to some loopy, clever jokes (the script is by Darren Lemke, Robert Siegel and David Soren, who directed) and a lively celebrity voice cast that also includes Samuel L. Jackson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ken Jeong, Maya Rudolph, Richard Jenkins, Michael Peña and Luis Guzmán.
And this past Monday, when his three primary opponents were in the state capital to deliver the signatures on their petitions to run, Mr. Booker was back in California for a fund-raiser in Hollywood and another at the home of the Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg.
And this carried significant consequences for our fight against al Qaeda, our standing in the world, and — to this day — our interests in a vital region.
Vogel, concerned Bosh would end up wide open, opted to play Sam Young instead.
Dark Matter, San Francisco, a marketing strategy agency that specializes in mobile media, was acquired by Modus Operandi, Hollywood, Calif. Financial terms were not disclosed.
What in the world will he tell them?
“I kept telling everyone, ‘I’m not going to play baseball, I want to play football.
Leonard gave up a hit and a walk as the Yankees rallied for three runs to win, 5-3.
Sikkema Jenkins & Company, 530 West 22nd Street, (212) 929-2262, sikkemajenkinsco.com.
Unhappily on the rebound, Fen heads to the beaches of Puerto Rico, where he coincidentally encounters their mutual chum, Pilar, who is visiting her hometown.
She also comments more broadly on racial politics in the age of Obama.
FAIRFIELD “In Plain Sight,” photography by Sandra K. Meagher and Dave Pressler.
“The idea is to provide wines that are great in their own respect and work great with Ko’s menu,” Ms. Salcito said.
They preferred to sit inside next to the air cooler.
He said the administration’s top priority was strengthening the economy and providing more jobs for people.
“Why such hurry?” The debate over food security has also featured a clash of ideas about how a country like India, with 1.2 billion people and sharp extremes of wealth and poverty, can most effectively provide food to the poor, and provide them with the tools to lift themselves into better lives.
CHARLIE SITZER , Sherman Oaks, Calif., posted on nytimes.com THE BIG PICTURE STRIKES BACK A. O. Scott’s closing line is perfect: “What is cinema?
Brian J. Smith plays the emissary, whose glory days as a high school hero are behind him, in a performance that more than holds its own amid the histrionics of the Wingfields.
“That probably got me a little nervous, and I probably shouldn’t have been thinking about that,” she said.
Being able to show where alumni are employed, for example, helps attract new students every year.
Every foreign buyer must obtain written permission from the military; the process, considered a formality, frequently costs about $600 and can take about a month, Mr. Deggin said.
Christian Bokich, a spokesman from Mercedes-Benz, said the cars would share some components, but he could not confirm whether they would be built alongside one another in Mexico.
Elmont Memorial Library, 700 Hempstead Turnpike.
He also did not carve the Grand Canyon by dragging his mighty ax.
Whole Wheat Almond Biscotti: A less sweet version of the classic biscotti de Prato.
And the daily Die Tageszeitung ran a headline in English with a photo of the American prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, saying, “Mr.
Or would the smarter conclusion be that the fitness companies suspect that the obese are less likely than the fit to buy their products?
Last year, Mr. Rushdie canceled a scheduled appearance at the Jaipur Literary Festival because of an assassination threat against him in connection with the book.
I then asked her why she had made it that way.
in scoring average (28 points per game), slightly down from last season, when they finished third.
PARIS— French President François Hollande campaigned on a pledge to legalize gay marriage, though it drew little attention at the time, and he now has the votes in Parliament to do it.
It’s a splendid convergence of actor, director and playwright.
“We really haven’t seen a sustained systematic recruiting agenda articulated in such a public way.” Mr. Muro and others have questioned the effectiveness of such open-ended out-of-state recruiting.
For Ms. Skiffer, all the unknowing melted away: “Marvin felt like home.” From then on, the couple racked up frequent-flier miles with coast-to-coast visits.
The public prosecutor on Monday ordered the arrest of five anti-Islamist political activists on charges of using social media to incite violence against the Muslim Brotherhood.
The growing hole in the state pension system put increasing pressure on Illinois’ own finances during that time, raising the risk that at some point the state would not be able to pay for everything, and retirees and bond buyers would be competing for the same limited money.
In the ensuing years, however, the name started cropping up on “hipster name” lists online, and shot from 422 to 330.
We made the classic novice mistake of trying to be too many things to too many people, and as a result we were nothing to everyone.
So the Tesla seems feasible, which got me to the cost.
“The reality is, the New York Mets make one trip to Minnesota.
“This is Panama,” Mr. Fábrega said with a shrug.
“My dad wanted me to go abroad at an early age, but my mom did not support the idea,” said Jiang Xin, the 17-year-old son of a real estate developer, whose parents compromised by sending him to the Maple Leaf campus in Chongqing for 50,000 renminbi a year.
Mr. Van Haver said he met him only a dozen times.
The signs advertising discounts might be in foreign languages.
They do two things: Throw a punch with the left, and throw a punch with the right.
On the other hand, Richie has hot, standing-up sex with Rebecca (Ms. Arterton), Ivan’s business partner and maybe former girlfriend, and floats through a world that other guys only dream about.
“I would dearly love to include some positive marks on Republicans.” The PICO National Network, an organization of religious activist groups, said they were holding prayer vigils at the district offices of various lawmakers.
Corrections: February 16, 2013 FRONT PAGE Because of an editing error, an obituary on Feb. 2 about Edward I. Koch, the former mayor of New York, referred incorrectly to “Koch,” the new documentary film about his life.
In a breakthrough beyond the marriage issue, the Senate has just approved the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , a long-sought measure to outlaw employment discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
No.” “The Bionic Woman” and, yes, “Wonder Woman” were on television even earlier than that, in the 1970s.
But after the war, as the newly named head of Malaya’s Communist Party, he ordered an armed insurrection against the British colonial rulers, and when Malaya became independent of Britain in 1957, the insurgency morphed into a fight against the new government.
She was extremely intelligent, a showman.
“Excess!” he yells thrice more, a little more measured each time, before the band slows its fury just enough to bring the song, “ Coalition ,” to a low-throbbing halt.
A second season has not been announced, but based on the obviousness of the cliffhanger that ends Season 1, it appears that everyone involved is expecting one to happen.
General Motors fell 3 percent after saying it made money in North America and Asia and nearly doubled last year’s fourth-quarter profit.
This was my gift, as Bethany had put it just a minute ago.
It would be childish to believe otherwise.” 9 P.M. (Animal Planet) TOO CUTE!
Dining at this one-man show — the enterprising chef doubles as waiter and host — can feel like a dinner party of sorts; the highlight on a recent evening was succulent grilled sea bass with mushrooms and sweet potato purée (22 euros).
Mass deaths occur often at pilgrimages in India, when vast crowds put heavy burdens on transportation and safety infrastructure.
“It’s a diplomatic way of saying no,” the official said.
Hamilton Stage, 360 Hamilton Street.
I wanted to have more of a club where I could sit there at the start of spring training and have a pretty good idea of where we’re going to be.” In the N.L.
The Spark’s 1.2-liter, four-cylinder engine makes it the smallest in the Chevrolet lineup.
Or rather, to N. V. There is definitely a seed entry here that inspired this puzzle, but I’m going to let the constructors tell you more about that after the jump.
Meanwhile, I’m sitting there with a briefcase the whole time.
I think he is a hero for the world.
House Republicans — even split at the leadership level — ultimately bowed to what they saw as the best interests of their party nationally, even if that meant overriding the will of the majority of rank-and-file Republicans.
Even then, though, lawyers usually advise suing only the firm, which is most likely to have the resources to pay an award if the investor wins.
Volkswagen will also recall 3,900 Jetta hybrids from the 2013-14 model years equipped with direct-shift automatic transmissions – with a DQ200 designation in the United States – the automaker reported to N.H.T.S.A.
“Their home was important because their family is there.
From 2010 to 2012 she was the president of the 21st Century Club, a French group that promotes diversity in employment.
As we noted in an earlier article about the Lambrecht auction , Ray Lambrecht’s family said he figured many of the cars he held on to would become more valuable over time.
In fighting that extended from Baghdad to Basra, the government eventually prevailed, with substantial coalition support.
I take the positives.” He added: “When I arrived, I was young, so for sure I was a little bit behind him.
Ivan Fischer is best known as a first-class conductor whose Budapest Festival Orchestra has entranced audiences worldwide.
In “ Flu Widespread, Leading a Range of Winter’s Ills, ” Donald G. McNeil Jr. and Katharine Q. Seelye report on the many flu and flulike ailments making the nation ill. WHAT are the three flu or flulike epidemics gripping the nation right now?
The agency also expected to gain full unencrypted access to an unnamed major Internet phone call and text service; to a Middle Eastern Internet service; and to the communications of three foreign governments.
In Kentucky, which has generally embraced the health care law and has said it will carry out Mr. Obama’s proposal concerning canceled policies, regulators have already reviewed rates for insurers that offered renewals of their noncompliant plans.
With Amy Poehler, Jessica Alba and Jane Lynch; Stu Zicherman directed.
But women rarely finish nail polish, she explained.
After the game, Tortorella delivered an impassioned defense of his decision, saying that he held Richards in the highest esteem but that he did not want to tinker with the top three lines and viewed Richards as a poor fit on the fourth because he wanted “fresh legs” and “enthusiasm.” 13 Photos View Slide Show › Speaking after the morning skate, Derick Brassard, who had two assists, distilled Tortorella’s message into a pithy command: play with no regrets.
Then there would be “conditions for takeoff that would not be perfect, but when did the perfect ever prevail?” A unity government could get on with managing day-to-day business and, above all, preparing the national elections needed to know where Palestinians actually stand.
“And it’s still out there.” Despite long odds, activist groups spent the summer gearing up.
“What he encouraged was a sense of abandon.
It’s camp!” And it never was.
I hope that it can provide a bit of help and guidance.
“The firm believes it has provided appropriate information,” Ms. Burton said.
Mr. Modi has consistently denied these allegations, but the United States has refused to provide him with a visa over concerns about these accusations.
“Golden Slumbers” portrays the cinema of the past as a benevolent haunting spirit, using beautiful photography and contemplative long slow dolly shots.
Giant letters at the back of the runway announcing his name recalled the plays on Russian lettering in years gone by.
He received a lot of help along the way.
The government revised its growth forecast for this year to 2.3 percent from 3 percent.
But how, why, what happened?
“There’s a lot of uncertainty in the weather in Denver,” said outfielder Kirk Nieuwenhuis, who went to high school in the area.
The German crew won by 0.47 of a second over the silver medalist Alexander Zubkov of Russia.
There is one exception to this wall of secrecy: a group of some 600 trade “advisers,” dominated by representatives of big businesses, who enjoy privileged access to draft texts and negotiators.
It is also unclear whether caffeine by itself provides the benefits associated with coffee drinking or if coffee contains other valuable ingredients.
“I was really happy with how well I fought and how I really stayed in there,” Keys said.
The agency said it canceled a contract, originally worth $40 million, with the maker of the scanners, Rapiscan, after the company failed to meet a Congressional deadline for new software that would protect passengers’ privacy.
They are going to get good with whatever they are using.” For Scott, it may not be the end of the world if the anchored stroke is banned.
“His sweet spot is dealing with creditors,” Gary Brown, the Council’s president pro tempore, said of Mr. Orr.
Instead, the animal returned to death row.
The league on Thursday announced plans to install sophisticated tracking cameras, known as the SportVu system, in every arena for the coming season, creating an unprecedented treasure trove of data about virtually every wrinkle of the game.
She generously skips over his excesses and focuses on her own sadness, which led to a song about the breach between father and daughter, which she sings soulfully at the piano, alone in a darkened room.
THE ANTAGONIST By Lynn Coady Knopf, $25.95.
In presenting their financial results for the last three months of 2012, American companies have also been reining in expectations that profits will remain at the elevated levels of last few years.
In the Mazda, the seat belt was too loose and allowed the dummy to fly too far forward, resulting in its head “hitting the steering wheel hard” through the air bag.
There is a noticeable sense of calm in the kitchen, far different than the frenzied atmosphere usually shown in movies or television.
Poor carbon-spewers like China justify their opposition to tight carbon limits on the grounds that, on a per-person basis, their emissions are still very low.
After Tuesday, people who sign up for insurance through HealthCare.gov should not expect to have coverage at the beginning of 2014, they said.
The episode, near the Bellagio and Caesar’s Palace hotels, led to another crash, involving four other vehicles and leaving at least four people injured, Officer Hernandez said.
“Caro was a man of great humility and humanity whose abundant creativity, even as he approached the age of 90, was still evident in the most recent work shown in exhibitions in Venice and London earlier this year,” he said.
In 2012, the village’s Main Street was placed on the National Register of Historic Places, which brought tax incentives that villagers hope will lead to still more development.
Day, who posted three top-eight finishes in the majors this year, including a tie for second at the United States Open, gutted out a tie for third in the nine-person field.
You will find yourself devouring many books, because you’re mostly unplugged.
Inspectors from Greece’s international lenders have put a postponed visit to the country back on the agenda and will return early this week after Athens made a new proposal on filling a gap of 2 billion euros in the 2014 budget, the European Commission has said.
Because I write mostly in Spanish and have lived most of my life outside my country of origin, Mexico, I have had a hard time trying to get my novels published.
But Rajaratnam began managing the fund as if it were his own, steering it to invest in Galleon’s funds rather than BroadStreet’s, reaping more of the management profits for himself.
“People have lost all their money,” screamed a young financier Wednesday night, as he knocked back drink after drink at a local nightclub — which, despite the earsplitting din of Greek rap music, was half empty.
The Census Bureau and HUD buy large quantities of data.
Upstairs, the best parts of the Genzken show present a markedly different species, one that is brash, improvisational, full of searing color and attitude and that decimates taste and frequently looks nothing like art.
Although the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed the judge’s dismissal, Judge Fitzwater continued to strike a skeptical tone, saying his decision to allow the case to proceed to trial was “in some respects a close one.” Mr. Cuban also carried a wild card: a hometown jury.
This article originally appeared in print on Jan. 2, 1966, and is excerpted, along with other tennis writing from the archives , in the Aug. 25, 2013, issue of the magazine.
He also appeared 17 times for the national team of Wales, scoring three times.
Mr. Mays is not a musical theater specialist, to be sure, which makes his accomplishment here all the more impressive.
It was called the Masjid of Tucson, a mosque where Muslims could worship and study the Koran in the Arizona desert under the idiosyncratic tutelage of Rashad Khalifa, its founder.
Disciplined, determined, dedicated, bristling with intelligence, he threw himself into Tory politics, entered Parliament in 1997 and, somewhere along the way, upgraded his accent.
Although New Delhi has deployed a small number of paramilitary forces to guard its diplomatic facilities and aid workers in Afghanistan after a number of attacks, the troops are not engaged in any combat or training missions.
My eyes adjust to the darkness and I see a shimmer of the flowing river reflecting the stars above; a place so wild that stars illuminate a moonless night.
This tawdry drama epitomizes the philosophy of rule in dictatorial regimes, in which loyalty always comes ahead of efficiency as a condition for promotion.
The girls’ grandmother, Satyasheila Raiban Borkar, showed India Ink her will, and the will of her husband, which named the three girls as inheritors of their house and land.
Even so, in one state, North Carolina, where the law is narrowly drawn to apply only to adults with minors living at home, the authorities charged about 150 people between June 2006 and June 2011, an analysis of court records shows.
Postcards of Amsterdam canal houses showcase their photogenic tilt.
The projected world population on Jan. 1, 2014, is 7,137,577,750, an increase of 77,630,563, or 1.1 percent, from Jan. 1, 2013.
He was expounding on the expressive soccer learned in his childhood at Barça’s academy.
“If I knew before I came, I might have reconsidered.” Chinese and Russian tourists continue to arrive in large groups, tour operators say.
The bank also said it was close to a settlement over sales of mortgage-backed bonds.
Through a combination of obsessive hard work, an affable personality and marketing savvy, Ken Levine has become one of the most beloved creators of narratively fulfilling, big-budget video games.
Like Whan, Murphy said that the sport had outgrown America and that the increasing diversity was positive.
At one point, Jiang whipped a shot past her and Li responded by angrily crushing a winner.
“Local agronomists are starting to say we have to get away from Roundup,” Mr. Vermeer said.
In fact, the plethora of high Scrabble count letters and excellent entries is what makes this themeless enjoyable.
Stanton expressed his frustration on Twitter the night the news broke, using mild profanity in a message that others have reposted more than 14,000 times.
That came after Louisville’s national semifinal triumph over Wichita State and a horse he co-owns qualifying for the Kentucky Derby.
But Karel Janecek, the 38-year-old entrepreneur and anticorruption campaigner pressing to charge Mr. Klaus, said the seeming absurdity of going to such extraordinary lengths just days before he leaves office was beside the point.
He always designs his own sets, and he trained originally as a theater director before breaking through in 2000 with a production of Rimsky Korsakov’s “City of Kitezh” at the Mariinsky Theater in St. Petersburg, earning one of his four national theater awards.
He was later acquitted and continued to live freely in Punjab Province, where Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has its strongest roots.
“It’s a shame that some players have to resort to that to make their games better — they were great already,” Carol Needham said.
Artist reception: July 19, 5:30 to 7 p.m. Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Englewood Public Library, 31 Engle Street.
The company is based in Rennes, France; it was founded by five brothers from Brittany in 1986.
But the continued support for Mr. Cruz among Texas Republicans illustrates something larger: the cultural and political divide that continues to widen between a red state that President Obama lost by nearly 16 points in the 2012 election and the blue or even purple parts of the country where Mr. Cruz’s tone and tactics have caused outrage and consternation.
He is a son of Gail Both Carrion-Murayari and Lucho Carrion-Murayari, who live and work in Carmel, N.Y.
A certain patience is needed to conduct these negotiations and bring them to a constructive end.
It is difficult to determine whether the plan can withstand the headwinds of Europe’s continuing financial woes, and France’s lingering recession and an unemployment rate near 11 percent.
The symbolism has become privatized.
On Thursday the House Energy and Commerce Committee held the first of what will be a very long line of Congressional hearings on the subject of the botched rollout.
But Trillium believes an enormous amount of money is at stake.
Mr. Bennack, the 80-year-old chief executive of Hearst, used profits from titles like Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping to build the magazine and newspaper chain into a diversified company with investments in television, a ratings agency and health care information.
The singer Linda Ronstadt has revealed in an interview with AARP Magazine that she has Parkinson’s disease and that she is no longer able to sing as a result.
“Even the Madhya Pradesh forest department realizes that the rules and regulations that have come into place are not right.
• A report in the “Arts, Briefly” column on Saturday about President Obama’s nomination of the Hollywood executive Thomas E. Rothman to the National Council on the Arts misidentified Mr. Rothman’s hometown.
After haggling for a while over a $5 wood carving, the young men left without buying a thing.
“From May forward, the body English suggested that they were ready to taper,” said Ken Taubes, the chief investment officer at Pioneer Investments.
“It was just popular, I suppose because they wanted to give some excuse other than the fact that I didn’t want to be pushed around.” The book also lays out Parks’s leading role in the bus boycotts and her decades of activism after the civil rights movement.
The system was demonstrated in 2011, when researchers bolted it in the trunk of a car that drove through the streets of Boston, a city with a labyrinth of aging underground gas pipelines.
In addition to Mr. Ausman, Mr. Franklin is survived by a brother, John; a niece, Pamela Hayes Brookfield; and his nephews, John, Tim and Peter Franklin and Neil Hayes.
At a news conference on Sept. 18, he said, “I don’t recall stating that we would do any particular thing in this meeting,” and added somewhat tartly that the Fed’s mandate is to do what’s best for the economy and not what’s best for a small group of professional investors.
Bradford had stunned Arsenal on penalties in the quarterfinal.
Relative to other personnel alternatives, like hiring more nurse practitioners or physician assistants, residents provide relatively cheap, skilled labor.
PLAY WELL WITH OTHERS Kaye and Fine’s daughter, Dena Kaye , of course has a number of favorite Kaye moments, but one from television that she singled out recently in an interview was a duet he did with Louis Armstrong on an early-1960s program.
Those chosen by Google’s judges must pay $1,500 for the glasses and attend a pick-up event in New York, San Francisco or Los Angeles.
The best way to deliver on this generosity is to be discreet.
She read the script and learned her lines.
“When people are actually happy with the numbers, they tell you the numbers,” added Charles Golvin, a technology analyst with Forrester Research.
“Plus, Staples and Camper World.”
They liken his buildings to giant sculptures and praise his stubborn devotion to form.
The house morcilla blood sausage was slyly seasoned with cumin, chile and nuts, understated notes that call to mind a Mexican mole.
“The leadership decided things were getting out of control and they couldn’t afford more casualties,” said a Brotherhood member who writes for one of the group’s publications and who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak for the organization.
It is emerging as the latest test of whether Democrats can persuade voters to embrace higher taxes by tying them to school funding.
Not only do you have to be a terrific journalist, now you’ve got to be a good cook on top of it?
1, Stravinsky’s “Histoire du Soldat” and a series exploring the theme of the sacred and profane in music.
“I finally just said ‘no’ and they became downright hostile.” Sometimes a second broker would join in on a phone conversation to help bully Dr. Vitt into making a purchase.
will not tolerate lax disclosure practices in the marketing of private equity funds.” In recent years, the regulator has grown concerned over how private equity firms value their holdings, many of which are illiquid and hard to measure.
SEATS Faced with extinction, Videology moved its DVDs into the basement, built a small theater in the back and embraced Bedford Avenue’s unquenchable thirst for bars.
“In the ultrasound, I think the baby is saying, ‘Doctor, what do you want from me?’ ” said Laura Offeddu, a Roman and an elaborate gesticulator, as she pinched her fingers together and moved her hand up and down.
After the Knicks’ disappointing loss to the Bulls on Friday, Anthony said of Sunday’s game: “That’s a game that we have to go get.
Of those, 18 shopped for plans, and one bought coverage.
New York City is poised to mandate that thousands of companies provide paid time off for sick employees, bolstering a national movement that has been resisted by wary business leaders.
For nearly two years, Shi Ayi was one such person in our family.
“I go to the beach regularly but I never make sand castles,” she said.
But he struck out the next two, Eduardo Nunez and Robinson Cano, before being replaced by the right-hander Andrew Bailey, who faced Kevin Youkilis with two on and two out and the Red Sox leading, 5-2.
should change its procedures for its own good.
The S.E.C.’s so-called bounty program, which ran from the 1980s, provided awards only six times over two decades; the total expenditure amounted to $1.15 million.
He should have played 24 ... Qe3.
Lawyers who handle the trusts and gun owners who have used them say that a majority of customers who buy restricted firearms through trusts do not do so to avoid such requirements.
It wasn’t a smaller matter; it was a very important matter.
“He embodied the nation through his art.” The son of a police officer, Mr. Safi was born on Nov. 1, 1921, in the mountain village of Niha.
“I never knew Diederik was so unhappy all these years,” she told me, referring to the guilt and shame that Stapel described having lived with through his academic career.
In an accompanying editorial, Dr. Robert L. Nussbaum of the University of California, San Francisco, noted that finding ABCA7 and APoE4 in African-Americans as well as those of European ancestry “strengthens the case” that the genes are important in conferring susceptibility to the disease.
Consider a colt who was nominated for the 1930 Kentucky Derby but sidelined with a foot injury while Gallant Fox won.
“My sisters and my parents brought that up because, obviously they’re — they were — Yankees fans,” he said, his near-slip stirring smiles and laughter.
But Nissan is making the leap and has begun development of a proving ground in Japan that would enable testing of autonomous vehicles in real-world conditions.
But tickets for resale average more than $300, according to TiqIq.com, which tracks such data.
Music and Dance CHAPPAQUA Chappaqua Library Shattered Glass, classical.
Once people had realized it was Dan’s choice and not us, then we were forgiven.
When the lights came on, I turned to them.
Read the case for a comprehensive public health approach to gun violence in an article published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Asia Alexandra Baker, a daughter of Victoria Oelsner Baker of Palm Beach, Fla., and the late Anthony K. Baker, was married Saturday to Benjamin Biddle Stokes, a son of Lisa Bennett Stokes and David B. Stokes of Villanova, Pa.
Her friends knew all the words.
The Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 increased access to mental health and substance abuse services in hospitals, yet consumers continued to pay more out-of-pocket for substance-use admissions.
2 official in the Education Ministry.
Performances of Mr. Rorem’s instrumental works are harder to track.
We don’t want him here for a conference or for a holiday.” Mr. Bashir has denied the charges against him and has retorted with a public campaign to try to undermine the international court, accusing it of bias because all of its cases are against Africans.
For Heather, the primary emotion is fear.
He later filed a suit against a number of GPS companies and lobbying groups accusing them of preventing LightSquared from operating a key 4G network.
To our surprise, Kapalai was not just for hard-core divers.
As part of that effort, Barclays said it would raise £5.8 billion through a rights issue of stock .
But, he said, “It probably will do very little to alter the fundamental balance of forces on the ground or hasten the end of the conflict.” Mr. Obama appeared to acknowledge as much on Wednesday when he characterized the potential military operation as “a shot across the bow” that would be intended to caution Mr. Assad from further chemical weapons attacks.
He starts as he always does, with a white cotton tank top and boxer shorts.
And we finished with what she calls knafeh à la crème, a beautiful pie of kadayif (essentially shredded phyllo, which goes under a variety of similar-sounding names) filled with a cream thickened with rice flour and scented with orange-flower water, a dish that is as exotic now as Roden’s first round of recipes was to me 40 years ago.
The third arrow of the recovery plans seems to be “veering off target,” he said.
It can all slip through your fingers.” I would argue that this is the voice of philosophical wisdom, as many rabbinical, Stoic and Buddhist writings attest.
Unlike those armed soldiers, Sasha Krasnov, a local guide I’d arranged to meet, would be at home in the Rockies.
“A huge majority of the American people think we ought to fix the immigration system, and we have the votes to do it,” Ms. Lofgren said.
Craig Yee, an expert in traditional Chinese painting and a partner at Ink Studio, a contemporary art gallery in Beijing, says it takes a connoisseur to catch a connoisseur involved in producing fakes and forgeries.
8 Maryland defeated host Towson.
He aggravated the injury when he hit a tree root Friday at the Greenbrier Classic.
(Rosenberg) ★ Museum of Arts and Design: ‘Doris Duke’s Shangri-La: Architecture, Landscape and Islamic Art’ (through Feb. 17) The Honolulu estate known as Shangri La is a masterpiece of refined eclecticism.
If the Syrians wanted more evidence, “we will pass on our findings with related documents, together with code names,” he said, apparently referring to some detail of the investigation.
Beijing Symphony Orchestra, with Tang Jun Qiao, soloist, and led by Tan Lihua.
“All the little details come blasting at me,” she said.
Andersen ends with the mermaid becoming one with the sea foam, then ascending skyward with the “daughters of the air.” (Disney, more cheerfully, concludes with her marriage to her beloved prince.)
version of 121 miles per gallon – on a 1.6-mile course.
#endSH #Egypt #TahrirBodyguard — Tahrir Bodyguard (@TahrirBodyguard) 25 Jan 13 So far 2 reported cases of mob sexual assaults one close to Hardees and the other close to Omar Makram.
Just for instance, the most recent National Defense Authorization Act — which Mr. Obama signed last year — seemed to expand the military’s authority on American soil.
They should discuss and take notes on what they notice in the painting — and how it demonstrates characteristics of the early Renaissance.
With Mr. Assad’s government holding on to power, the United States has begun saying Mr. Assad has “lost his legitimacy” rather than repeating earlier demands that he step down.
Dr. Michael G. Muto , a gynecologic oncologist at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, suggests taking the time to discuss the risks, benefits and nuances with each patient.
“He remembered everybody’s name.” On Dec. 31, 1998, Mr. Firth opened Diner, on Broadway in Williamsburg, with a fellow Balthazar alumnus, Andrew Tarlow, igniting a second wave of restaurants in a neighborhood that had few options: Planet Thai, Teddy’s, Miss Williamsburg Diner, Oznot’s Dish.
“We will not allow a climate of press intimidation, unseen since the McCarthy era, to frighten any of us away from the truth,” Mr. Ailes said.
He notes that the study (or at least this year’s version) looked at health indicators but not mortality rates, and then goes on: Imagine a year-long study of 2000 uninsured people, 1000 of whom were allowed to enroll in Medicaid, the other 1000 of whom were required to remain uninsured.
He later became an art dealer in Los Angeles at Gene Mako Galleries and assembled many of his father’s artworks.
Much is at stake for insurers as well: they must attract enough healthy people to pay for the care of sicker patients and price their offerings to keep premiums low enough to be competitive but high enough to be sustainable.
“I didn’t want to be part of that desperation.” He left for Seattle to hone his act on a cable access show.
Full disclosure: I used to work as a maintenance ranger (glorified janitor) at False Cape State Park – on Virginia’s Atlantic Coast near the North Carolina border – and later as a surveyor for a company that built storm protection berms along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts.
Ms. Napolitano’s testimony evoked a world of drones, radar and motion sensors, Border Patrol agents and National Guard troops, fencing and razor wire stretching for miles and miles.
“In a few weeks we will forget our dead, perhaps because we’ll be crying over other dead as well, victims of tragedies which we know will occur,” Sérgio Abranches, a sociologist in Rio de Janeiro, said in a scathing essay about the nightclub fire and the sense of fatalism with which Brazilians often react to such preventable disasters.
Woods is not the same player he was five years ago.
Saturday’s dancers could all do it, but without distinction.
But Weidenfeller’s was an impulsive mistake.
With all their money and success, the Yankees may be the most widely disliked team in baseball.
“It’s one of my main goals starting the year and it would be a proud moment.
What nature has decreed should not generate undue insecurity.” Khotosokali Letsie, 29, a clothing designer who lives in Soweto, said that lionizing Mr. Mandela detracted from the important roles played by others in South Africa’s struggle.
“There can be no negotiation with a person who cheats and lies.” Protest leaders, however, may not have a choice.
has drawn a majority of technology listings, according to data from Thomson Reuters .
“I think you have to be really smart and know what situations it might be useful for.
But his name was most closely linked with three free-jazz pioneers: the saxophonist Albert Ayler, the pianist Cecil Taylor and, foremost, the saxophonist Ornette Coleman, who also hailed from Fort Worth.
“Ye Haiyan is not from Bobai.
Researchers discovered that RNA in naked mole rats has a unique structure that greatly reduces the frequency of errors common in rodent proteins.
Many presentations are taking place earlier than usual as networks and channels pull forward their annual efforts to draw ad dollars.
Two days earlier, the Texas comptroller had predicted an upturn in the state’s financial prospects, catching some of the number crunchers in the Capitol off guard and giving others — Mr. Perry, for instance — an opportunity to sweep some coins off the table for tax relief.
Video of Ronaldo defending Brazil’s spending on stadiums for the World Cup, posted online this week.
There is a sense in which seeing the G.D.P.
Once ranked as high as 16, she has struggled with a hip problem and other ailments, and her ranking has dropped to 178: too low for her to even get into qualifying tournaments at many W.T.A.
Mr. Phillips also said he’d been frustrated carrying out a similar software modernization project at Oracle.
“She comes in to eat and then goes somewhere else.
A guard had his back to the man, too, allowing him to pivot from the counter and stride out what looks like the store’s front door, onto Fifth Avenue, where he presumably melted into the crowd.
The price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell 30/32, to 97 14/32, and the yield rose to 2.04 from 1.93 on Tuesday.
Another component of this is the much-denounced use of condoms as evidence.
symbol proliferated, so, too, did paranoia about it.
Again the name was changed, and soon, the River Grille was attracting customers who had heard about Mr. Moody’s bountiful salads; his thick, perfectly cooked porterhouse pork chops; and his famous macaroni and cheese, prepared with wild mushrooms, truffle oil, ham and bacon, and oozing four kinds of cheese.
Logano hit the outside wall and Hamlin hit the inside wall, with Hamlin leaving the course in an ambulance.
Walker then flied out deep to left.
“I feel that after centuries, nothing has changed,” Mr. Jia said.
But Ms. Kopple shows how people in Ms. Hemingway’s position, with a family history of mental-health problems, confront a foreboding mirror, whether or not it also reflects a literary heritage and a Kennedy-grade bone structure.
The air was stale without a swinging censer.
“Scusa!” she called after the woman, before catching up to her and inquiring about the still-steaming deep-fried sphere with a creamy rice interior.
My point here is that you should be thinking about both physical preservation and reformatting.
The New England Patriots’ fast-paced offense has been called a number of things this season.
After visiting Mr. Mandela in the hospital, Mr. Zuma found him “to be still in a critical condition,” the president’s office said in a statement.
A Syrian doctor said that one day in March, in the city of Aleppo, he was on duty in a hospital when it suddenly filled up with patients, some vomiting, choking or sensitive to light.
Access to affordable health insurance should be considered a civil right for everyone.
Eight Sweet 16 spots were on the line Saturday, and seven of them were filled by power-conference schools.
Unlike showy thunderstorms that grab you by the lapels and shout “Wear your galoshes!” heat waves are like wolves in wool clothing, causing hellish discomfort in the disguise of a sunny summer day.
The chants echoed from more than 5,000 proponents of gun-control legislation who were gathered on the plaza and on 15-foot-tall mounds of snow on the north side of Connecticut’s ornate Capitol: “Now.
So she began a bold economic stimulus and reform campaign.
And yet at this moment, with a newly re-elected president and with Republicans in utter disarray, they could only come up with an extra $60 billion a year.
I haven’t been interested in very many science fiction novels.
I would go to the movies six, seven times a week.
The people who play and coach this game understand it takes great effort to prepare to compete at the highest level.
“There’s been a steady rollback of our objectives of what’s good enough in Afghanistan,” said Vali Nasr , a former senior State Department official who worked on Afghanistan and Pakistan and is the dean of the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University.
Dec. 27 at 8 p.m. $20 to $35.
Viewers will walk underneath the cone and look up at a show of light.
I’ve navigated plenty of foreign cities before with only some advance research, a guidebook and a map.
The à la carte biscuit ($2) is served with raspberry butter and honey butter.
It offered a breakdown of the police database of local gang members, which accounted for 22,935 people split among some 235 gangs and crews.
Second baseman Alexi Casilla crashed into right fielder Nick Markakis while diving to catch a bloop hit, a scary collision that left Casilla with a possible concussion.
Mr. Stevenson emerged from the courthouse and stood silently with his lawyer, Murray Richman, who said he had no doubt that his client “will be exonerated.” Charged along with him in the conspiracy were four businessmen who prosecutors said had sought to open the adult centers.
As they approached an alley outside the city jail, firemen turned their hoses on full blast.
spokeswoman, recalled that the men used the rear-view mirror; the women went for the vanity on the visor.
But there is still a great deal of trepidation before you take that final drop into the water and descend into an ice-covered world, totally alone.
“It’s something that we’ve just started, and it’s just one of many different things we are using.” The Mets use about a half-dozen information services — some for data, others for analysis — picking from a crowded field of vendors that continue to raise baseball’s standards for objective evaluation.
Instead of smothering the sale of illicit ivory, the spike in prices made poaching even more attractive.
But Anderson contends that representing the United States in competition is “not something I’ve given any thought to at this moment in time.” The South African Davis Cup captain, John-Laffnie de Jager, said he believed his country’s top player would switch citizenship.
With an economist’s precision, he calculates that this decline in investment has reduced growth since 1965 by 0.21 percentage points a year — “a consequential difference,” he writes, of about $1.1 trillion in lost output.
The store is reportedly modeled on the Midtown town house where ’Fro nightly entertained Ms. Minnelli, Elsa Peretti and a rotating cast of sex dates, but any aura of decadence has been efficiently sanitized.
Annie had told her to stay in bed, but Mae went to the Kwik Trip for caffeine and woke up on the sidewalk, under a tree.
That said, Mr. Gurney has referred to this 1991 play, about a politician who confronts some unexpected demons when he returns to his New England prep school, as “a favorite but somewhat neglected child.” Enter the Keen Company to bestow a little attention.
He showed Wilmer what would happen in court, what questions would be asked, what to say.
Herewith, packaged in a cardboard-reproduction boombox, Columbia reissues nearly everything the band put out between 1976 and 1982.
He later served 43 years in Louisiana prisons, more than 41 of those years in solitary confinement, his legal team said.
(Brantley) ‘Motown: The Musical’ A dramatically slapdash but musically vibrant joy ride through the glory days of the Detroit music label founded by Berry Gordy.
If a deal was not reached in that time frame, any sanctions that had been relaxed would be reimposed.
He ran on this platform, he won re-election resoundingly, and he put forward a plan detailing specific revenues and cuts.
With a libretto by Mark Campbell (sung in English, German, French, Italian and Latin), “Silent Night,” based on a 2005 film, tells of a temporary Christmas Eve truce among warring soldiers in the trenches of a World War I Belgian battlefield in 1914.
NORWALK “Step Into Art,” interactive art displays and activities exploring works by Diego Rivera, Clementine Hunter, John Singer Sargent and Grant Wood.
Those good things happened during the winter of 2011 when our troops left Iraq, but they had little to do with the leaving.
That is low for a team that won a Super Bowl less than two years ago.
In May, the Indonesian authorities foiled what they said was a plot to bomb the Myanmar Embassy in Jakarta in retaliation for the assaults on Muslims.
“There’s been a quickening pace of provocations,” said one senior administration official, describing actions and words from North Korea and its new leader, Mr. Kim.
3 line, and the point where the tracks go underground beneath Lenox Avenue — Frank Jezycki was watching carpenters build the dam.
Vuyelwa Qinga, a spokeswoman for the South African defense company Denel, confirmed that two employees, both South Africans, were among those killed Wednesday.
The push does not signal the end of big government in China.
Under the Constitution’s supremacy clause, federal law takes precedence.
Mondays through Fridays, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Atrium Gallery, Court Street.
He declared himself a new man.
And an investment firm founded by David Gottesman, a director of Warren E. Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway , shifted from its normal buy-and-hold strategy to wage war for control of the drug maker Vivus .
I rarely make 23 x 23 puzzles, but I took a chance on this one.
The ensemble has given spirited performances under the baton of Jacques Lacombe, who this weekend conducts Tchaikovsky’s “Tempest” Fantasy-Overture; Sibelius’s “Tempest”; and Beethoven’s Symphony No.
But with the exception of a segment on the battle over Love Canal , the contaminated site in Niagara Falls, N.Y., this distillation of Philip Shabecoff’s book doesn’t really capture the urgency and militancy promised in the title.
The American car market is surging, while the Western European market is in a deep recession .
As the Beijing-based journalist, Francesco Sisci, wrote in a column in the Asia Times Online : “Some Chinese believe the North Korean nuclear test was actually aimed at China, not at South Korea or the U.S.
The longer-term trend has been positive.
“I’m still using the Udacity videos to support another course, because they’re very helpful.” Mr. Siemens said what was happening was part of a natural process.
They just have to speak to me.” This is apparent in her pictures, which are full of charm and joy — “botanical accuracy with a free line,” as she puts it — unlike the rather strict illustrations favored by the Royal Horticultural Society .
According to the police, the occupants of the vehicle then set it on fire, sending up a plume of smoke that briefly obscured the iconic portrait of Chairman Mao Zedong.
“The downside to it,” Thomas F. Prendergast, the authority’s chairman, said of the initial praise, “is I think sometimes it leaves people with the impression that we weren’t damaged that bad.” Since then, the storm has pitted the authority against other regional agencies in a quest for billions of federal dollars to protect against future storms.
As a result, some of the nation’s largest banks are expanding into the business, banking analysts say.
It became a staple in black churches after being included in the 1921 Baptist hymnal “Gospel Pearls.” Ms. Tyson needed no introduction to the hymn.
Moreover, the time spent may be paying off when the agencies get taken to court.
Since the rapid strengthening of the euro against the yen and other major currencies, there has been a concerted push by industrialized nations to convey the message that they will let the markets determine the value of their currencies.
(Cotter) ★ Richard Serra: ‘Early Work’ (closes on Saturday) This terrific exhibition looks back on five formative years in the career of Mr. Serra, one of the world’s most admired living sculptors.
But the indicator fell in February to 47.3 from 48.6, marking a year it has been below the 50 threshold for growth.
Last week, UNICEF awarded $50,000 to develop three applications by students in the N.Y.U.
Somehow she manages to quote Nietzsche, Freud, Leonard Cohen, Joan Didion, the Bible and various Wikipedia entries, all without losing her own probing, skeptical voice.
For three hours, with chilling precision, Abu Nasir, in a neatly pressed shirt and polished shoes, laid out Ansaru’s philosophy, after reciting a verse from the Koran promising “hellfire” for nonbelievers: opponents would be killed; Qaeda sympathizers were everywhere in Nigeria; and Westerners would be kidnapped.
Guan Tianlang, a 14-year-old golfer from China and the youngest person ever to make the halfway cut at the prestigious Masters, has accepted an invitation to Irving, where he will try to become the first male amateur to win a P.G.A.
And, of course, the National Hurricane Center remains an essential guide if you live in a region at risk.
But his success until then underscores how private contractors have taken advantage of this generously financed but poorly regulated segment of the special-education system, often called special ed pre-K, according to an investigation by The Times.
The takeover is the latest by Salesforce.com, which has made a number of acquisitions to bolster its marketing offerings.
Challenging teammates, he asked: “What are we going to do, regroup or curl into a ball and give in?
“You can’t simply put them on hold and simply deal with this,” David Axelrod, a former top adviser to Mr. Obama, said in an interview.
PEEKSKILL Noo Moves Entertainment’s Artist Appreciation Show, variety.
Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Rockland Center for the Arts, 27 South Greenbush Road.
At times, though, I did question that.” The Rockets went 4-28 in Kowalczyk’s first season, playing seven scholarship players as Pearson and Smith sat out under N.C.A.A.
Graduation photos with, ironically, lively and grinning faces of those who had — in that dreary euphemism – “passed away” since the last reunion, five years earlier.
“We have decided to push forward here,” she said.
Although these stories were based on anonymous sourcing and circumstantial evidence, they have become a central part of the lore surrounding the Yom Kippur War.
Already there are winners and losers.
In Mayfair alone, they rose by 30 percent.
If you have a mortgage deal in place that makes your transaction work, go get it and lock it in.
They believe he has done too little to reduce corporate taxes and to loosen the tight labor laws that make hiring and firing expensive, and therefore, they say, add to unemployment and the prevalence of temporary contracts.
Although Qualcomm controls a large number of wireless communications patents, presumably it is also interested in some of the patents held by BlackBerry.
Chip Brown, a contributing writer for the magazine, is the author of this week’s cover story about Peter Gelb, the general manager of the Metropolitan Opera.
Nick Anderer, the executive chef and a partner in the company’s Maialino, will run the kitchen: 29 East 29th Street.
In this scene Yazmin, an adjunct professor of music played by Zabryna Guevara, talks about how different she is from her soon-to-be ex-husband and other family members.
Let’s just say that only a really creative hater could tease a beach classic out of his darkest thoughts.
THURSDAY’S PUZZLE — Always read the documentation, that’s my new motto.
Ver.di this year organized a strike by workers at Zara, the clothing retailer, and has threatened work stoppages at Globus, a discount chain, Mr. Jöris said.
Europe will defend the trophy in Gleneagles, Scotland.
Consider her description at the September 2007 meeting of the Fed’s policy-making group, the Federal Open Market Committee, of “the earthquake that began roiling financial markets in mid-July.
Jason Kenney, Canada’s minister of citizenship, immigration and multiculturalism, told reporters in Ottawa on Wednesday that the Canadian suspect moved to Canada at the age of 8, obtained citizenship a few years later and left when he was 12.
“Not junk like heroin, junk like junk.
But none of that explains why the compound was lightly guarded, why the United States was relying on fickle Libyan militias for defensive support, and why extra security resources were sent back to the States shortly before the attack.
championship game in his first two seasons, but his performance dropped precipitously as the record of his offense-starved team dipped to 8-8 and then 6-10.
The bottom line was that “the tide-cycle plan doesn’t do harm to the animal or to the people inadvertently at all,” Mr. DiGiovanni said.
In the appendix of his translation “Quran: The Final Testament,” Khalifa described how in the 1970s, he wrote the Koran into the computer and discovered what he saw as the purified word of God revealed through a mathematical system, correcting the distortions of prior English translations.
“He was there every day for the first game in the morning until the final buzzer at night,” his widow, Beverly Hershkowitz, said.
There was even some memorabilia from the Arizona Wranglers, a team from the short-lived United States Football League.
The Minnesota Twins gave him 15 starts last season, and while he struggled with control, Deduno mostly held his own.
He represents a district dominated by Orthodox Jewish voters, and his priority this session was to persuade the city and state to foot the bill to bus any child past 4 p.m., which in effect means mostly children who attend yeshivas.
It’s been front-page news for months.
But in an alley near the square, a group of young protesters talked about the toll of Egypt’s conflict, still far from over.
In a systematic review of studies of hemicraniectomy for large strokes published last year in The Journal of Neurosurgery, the authors concluded that, despite leaving a significant fraction of patients with moderate or severe disability, many hemicraniectomy patients emerge with high levels of function and reasonable qualities of life.
He was deputy prime minister during the crackdown.
When he returned about an hour later, it was with the news that immigration was holding on to five of my friends’ passports until we finished the trip and returned to Kawthaung.
Lotus F1 Team Base Enstone, England Drivers Kimi Raikkonen, Romain Grosjean Engine Renault First Season 2011 After losing its star driver, Robert Kubica, in 2011 — when he was seriously injured in a rally crash — Lotus got back on track last season by hiring Kimi Raikkonen.
The City Council, no doubt aware that some community groups have opposed the project because of the loss of park space, must approve the land use plans for the stadium.
Sometimes the cramps lingered for days.
Mouth is in the midst of its second round, with a goal of raising $1 million to $2 million.
In the Silver Lake neighborhood, Los Globos hosts a raucous Saturday party called a Club Called Rhonda that also fills up after midnight.
Rather, they distract precious resources and attention from concrete solutions.
If the report is accurate, the insidious culture of greed is back — or maybe it never left.” ON THE AGENDA | Johnson & Johnson and Coca-Cola report earnings on Tuesday morning.
Isis, which is based in Carlsbad, Calif., has been pursuing antisense technology since the company’s founding in 1989, spending about $2 billion.
“Somebody’s got to take a risk.” Fred Timko, who is renovating a Sullivan bank building into office and restaurant space in Kingston Village and constructing a six-story condominium building, said he was confident that the city could protect against future floods.
No one would argue that Anthony’s supporting cast compared to Kobe Bryant’s or Tim Duncan’s.
Born into a Boston clan of doctors, lawyers and teachers, Ms. Kerman was a rudderless graduate of Smith College who didn’t even have a passport when she fell for a charismatic older woman promising excitement, which included transporting drug money overseas.
A man living in the Avenue de Cortenberg suddenly went insane and leaped from the balcony of his apartment.
The images of this production are persistently haunting, thanks not only to Mr. Olmos’s audacious, almost novelistic script but also the inventive contributions of the director, Meiyin Wang, and her stellar design team.
For example, when Dr. Lawrence D. Dorr, an orthopedic specialist, warned fellow surgeons in an open letter in 2008 that a hip implant made by Zimmer Holdings was flawed, he became the subject of a whisper campaign that questioned his skills as a surgeon.
Cases of paralysis ultimately reached the hills outside Mecca and from there spread briefly as far as Indonesia.
Russia’s foreign minister dismissed as unconvincing the evidence presented by Secretary of State John Kerry of chemical weapons use by the Syrian government, saying on Monday that the United States had fallen far short of making a case for international cooperation on military strikes against the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
“Rather than acknowledge that reality and move on, the C.F.T.C.
He finished 19 of 32 for 330 yards and 3 touchdowns with two interceptions, strengthening his case ahead of Monday’s Heisman vote.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that since he did not raise the ineffective assistance of counsel issue in his state appeal, he could not raise it in a federal habeas petition.
Firelei Báez, Sadie Barnette, Crystal Z. Campbell, Zachary Fabri, Yashua Klos, Akosua Adoma Owusu, Valerie Piraino and Nikki Pressley are some of the names to look for.
At the least, the 42nd Street library will require Mr. Foster’s full attention, or the attention of another architect, one with a genius for devising a pleasing and functional place deserving of this building in a vault never intended for the public.
I’m a physicist by training, and the process also reminded me that science was about more than laboratories and calculations.
Over the last year, Buddhist lynch mobs have killed more than 200 Muslims and forced more than 150,000 people, mostly Muslims, from their homes.
In its last fully open year in 2002, it drew 1.3 million people.
COLLINSVILLE Sultans of String, jazz.
If you have a guy who works at the shop, he has a wife, kids.
But practices like “greenwashing,” whereby companies pretend to engage in environmentally responsible disposal practices, hinder such progress.
(A four-track vinyl single will be released next month.)
But he knows he is (almost) incomparable for as long as he can raise the pace on the field.
Thomas Keller, the owner, said his baristas usually ask how the customer wants the foam.
Mr. de Blasio helped coordinate a successful effort, but his deliberative manner rankled some colleagues, who sought to push him out near the end of the campaign.
The rest of “No,” the fictional component, was shot in the same style to give the film a uniform, coherent look, thus merging reality and fiction.
You know you’re in good hands when Chad, forced to take a job mowing the football field, is momentarily horrified at running over his first snake.
It’s a beginning.” Contact the F.B.I.
“I can’t let the opportunity pass me by,” Jacobs, a free agent, wrote on Twitter.
Democrats and, increasingly, Republicans are complaining that the minority leader’s absence from many of this year’s most intense and consequential negotiations — from the immigration overhaul to the budget to a fight over internal rule changes that almost paralyzed the Senate — has created a power vacuum and left Democrats without a bargaining partner.
The low wages of fast food workers — and of workers in retail, home care and other low-wage industries — force many of them onto food stamps and other public assistance to get by.
(Chinen) ★ The Bad Plus (Tuesday through July 21) Few groups in the greater jazz orbit sound more doggedly intrepid than the Bad Plus, which flirted with electronic textures on “Made Possible” (eOne), released last fall.
But a week before the game, Griffey made a mind-boggling catch in center against the Orioles.
With the rise of the Brotherhood, the Saudis had largely cut off aid to Mr. Morsi’s government and ignored American requests to help Egypt manage a worsening economic crisis.
The next day I dragged my aching body from bed and got on my hands and knees, where I spent the better part of a day removing and labeling heating registers and quarter-round moldings, and clearing every nail, staple or metal obstruction from the floor.
The Senate renewed Mr. Pearce for another five-year term and confirmed two Democrats and two Republicans to the board.
One way to soften the corporate atmosphere, gym owners have found, is to find office spaces that are physically connected to a studio.
Team America waited its turn at an event called Hostage Rescue, outside a big, Abbottabad-like compound in the center of the base.
For Ms. King and her fellow volunteer Joy Hansel, the endorsement of the Chamber of Commerce — a group that supports immigration law change — only reinforces their belief that they are supporting the right man for the job.
Holtz was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2008.
Questions have been raised about their business practices and whether their independent analysis was compromised in the pursuit of profit.
From the moment you discover you’re going to become a parent, your trajectory is remarkably similar.
“A pipe dream might be too strong, but I would just consider it a really bad investment.” The challenges for Nicaraguan canal planners have always been enormous, and the current project is nothing if not ambitious.
For “100 YRS,” the artist, who lives in Los Angeles and New York, has converted Chelsea’s 303 Gallery into a kind of cave.
Bondholders will be paid in full by the bond insurers Assured Guaranty and Ambac, as well as by surrounding Dauphin County, which guaranteed some of Harrisburg’s debt.
The North Caucasus has been turbulent since the breakup of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s.
For 62 years, her family has been left out of the decision-making about that research.
You enter a run or pool hoping some fish might be holding there.
I hope it will make a difference in kids’ lives to have a library so close to home.” Mariner’s Harbor Houses , a 605-unit public housing development from the mid-1950s, is three blocks from the library.
Together they have three daughters.
Since the 2007 season, Halladay has averaged 2362/3 innings per season, won 107 games and compiled a 3.14 E.R.A.
For instance, did you go on vacation every summer to the Cape?
Marie, who is health conscious, drinks homemade smoothies and paddle-boards each morning.
McKenzie gutted the roster by eliminating all the bad contracts.
“I’m happy to be on our own and in our own place.”
“You’ve proven yourself to be quite difficult — Kern, the teacher’s strike, now Matthews,” Mr. Tusk says, accurately chronicling a partial list of Mr. Underwood’s behind-the-scenes disloyalties to the administration.
“We were trying to put points on the board,” he said.
You wouldn’t say things worked out well for Little Edie, but she was a beautiful woman who went her own way.
“So bluegrass or country music, you know, if it comes down to that area, and if it mixes there with rhythm, and if it dances, then you’ve got a combination of all those different kinds of music — country, bluegrass, blues music, show music.” Curious, Scorsese asks, “What’s it called then?” And with his famous smile, Helm says, “Rock ’n’ roll.” June hails from Jackson, Tenn., about as far east of Memphis as Helm’s hometown was west.
Now she is threatening to boycott the January election unless the caretaker framework is reinstated.
I could never live up to his expectations of me.” Many who knew him felt the same way.
“This is going to be the big adventure,” he said, after watching an early rehearsal.
Her gaze was fierce, determined.
Of the 30 shows now playing on Broadway, 18 grossed over $1 million last week.
Weligton takes a yellow card and will miss the return leg next week in Germany.
The World Marathon Majors, which includes Tokyo , Boston , London , Berlin , Chicago and New York City , these are mega-races, with anywhere from 20,000 to 50,000 runners.
So that, I would imagine, would be the case for the rest of my career.” In her news conference, Serena Williams, the defending women’s champion and a 16-time Grand Slam singles champion, said that she, too, did not feel overwhelming pressure to win again.
Work is to start in 2017, with trains running by 2026.
's most-activist members, however, there is a powerful suspicion that one restriction will open the door to more, each new limit leading inexorably to a time when there will no longer be a right to bear arms.
Maybe it was the timber, people said.
Also Thursday, the Giants re-signed wide receiver Ramses Barden, a third-round pick of the team in 2009.
The paper he uses is newsprint stock, 18-by-24 inches, and the typeface is the smallest you can find for a typewriter of the era, “Elite,” allowing the most text to be placed on the large pages.
A common complaint is that the benefits of sovereign oil have been oversold.
“Are you making up songs again?” his mother would call out.
Nov. 1 at 8 p.m. $39.
American officials said recent signals had made them sure that the Qatar office was being opened by Mullah Omar’s true intermediaries.
That run, that’s something that you’re praying for every week.’ Titans running back CHRIS JOHNSON, who rushed for a 94-yard touchdown, the longest run in franchise history, in a Week 15 victory last season that eliminated the Jets from playoff contention.
Eventually, members of his family were killed at Auschwitz.
The private entryway to the building, which was completed in 1931.
Although he is 50, there is much about him, from the diminutive “Bobby” to his mop of brown hair, that seems boyish.
“But we have not spent it to strengthen a particular political movement.
has enjoyed the good life as Kanye West’s tour turntablist and still holds an insistent grasp on New York club floors with “Barbra Streisand,” his winningly 2010 nonsensical hit with the house act Duck Sauce.
Last year he became the president of the Association for Computing Machinery , a leading international educational and scientific computing society.
Wenger is responsible for the players he has now, nobody else.
You might say that this is no way to run a government.
“With the drawdown in international assistance and support, there is a real risk that any advances in women’s rights will erode, and there’s already disturbing signs of that,” said Georgette Gagnon, the head of the United Nation’s human rights division here, who led the team that put together the report.
There is little subtlety to Pavlyuchenkova’s game.
Common Core ELA Anchor Standards, 6-12 Reading 1.
On a recent day, Suresh was sitting outside his home sharpening his and his father’s pickaxes — something he must do twice a day.
After we line up all those numbers, it makes it very easy to come up with spreadsheet answers to our financial questions.
Theater CROTON FALLS Schoolhouse Theater “Ten Unknowns,” drama by Jon Robin Baitz.
POMFRET CENTER Bird Banding, bird capture and release activities.
Archival materials line a corridor of the atelier, which also functions as a library.
, a fund-raiser for the Chocolate Factory Theater in Long Island City, will be held June 4 at Gantry Plaza State Park on the East River waterfront.
Consider Greg, a teacher in Oakland, Calif., who asked that his last name be withheld to protect his family.
Just before declaring bankruptcy in 2011, the county abruptly rejected a previous package of concessions that called for JPMorgan to give up about $750 million.
“I started to think, ‘Can I do this not just for selling, but for government, too?
But the Markey campaign has seized on the polls that show the race almost neck and neck, in hopes of injecting a sense of urgency among the troops and prodding donors to open their wallets.
“The big risk is to have a European Parliament with 25 percent of Parliament coming from anti-euro or Europe movements,” he said, noting that populist movements in different countries arose from different places on the political spectrum.
They also have a couple of serums that I sort of go between, like this morning, I put on the G2 one, which is a firming serum.
Eventually the musical selections blend in a cacophony of voices from the past, and the dancers all move at once.
But when you’re given that, and you’re embracing it, well, with Jaromir you see the result.” Jagr’s place on the career scoring lists is impressive, yet he might be standing higher — behind only Wayne Gretzky and Howe — if he had not spent 2008-9 through 2010-11 with Avangard in the K.H.L.
They may have celebrations or disappointments, or simply goodbyes to Mariano Rivera and Andy Pettitte, the stalwarts who are spending their last days in pinstripes.
About 750 grams oranges (you may not need all of them) 2 pink grapefruit Cinnamon 1 vanilla bean 3 egg yolks 75 grams sugar (about 1/3 cup) 75 grams crème fraîche (about 1/3 cup) 1 tablespoon rum 1.
Another option, she said, is a slide-in range, which is similar to a conventional range but doesn’t have a raised control panel at the back, so it looks as if it’s built in.
The gun discharged and he was shot in the leg.
The defibrillator and the device used to program it communicated in their own language from a distance no greater than a few inches, Dr. Kohno said.
He is also poised for any deal-making in budget talks in Congress, though the prospects are virtually nil for the long-sought “grand bargain” to reduce future debt.
After shooting nearly 50 percent from the field in the previous season, Hibbert was converting 38 percent of his attempts in the first 20 games of the season.
Sure enough, a number of Republican-dominated states seem set to reject Medicaid expansion, at least at first.
I think if Hitler really thought there was any chance of a war, he would have nervous prostration.” Still in denial when the Germans invaded France, Wodehouse and Ethel did not get out in time, and in 1940 he was arrested and sent to an internment camp in Upper Silesia, where he agreed to give a series of German radio broadcasts intended for an American audience.
In August, the school said that it would work with the New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children to review school procedures, train faculty and staff members in identifying and reporting suspected abuse, and develop prevention programs for students.
But this data does not show that business majors earn more because they majored in business.
Our calendar is chock full of dates that call for collective action or attention to environmental issues.
“The uniqueness of The New York Times is a rare and unmatchable asset,” said Alan D. Mutter, a newspaper consultant who writes the Reflections of a Newsosaur blog .
“You don’t have bad habits or preconceived notions.
“The Supreme Court upheld a verdict based on documents that had been certified as forgeries,” he said.
Some people have noted, Father Rossouw told hundreds of congregants, that “we will not see another person of his caliber for ages to come.” “I beg to differ,” he said.
And since it opened last year, the Barclays Center has attracted major entertainers like Justin Bieber, Bob Dylan, Jay Z, Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones and Barbra Streisand.
So an added plus of playing with the president, Woods said with a smile, was his pace of play: “He’s quick.”
He is not quoted about possibilities that he might run for comptroller or public advocate, two other elected offices with which his name has been associated.
From the bridge, it’s possible to spot the leopard sharks gliding back and forth at the water’s surface.
(He also won a title for George Steinbrenner’s Cleveland Pipers of the short-lived American Basketball League.)
“Concussion is a mental thing,” he said.
His legs would be this way for the rest of his life.
Germans no longer have a problem with their troops serving alongside NATO allies abroad.
A staging that included stylized gestures and tanks of black viscous liquid ?
967 and 1026, At Post Sanjegaon, Taluka Igatpuri; 91-2553-204-379; groverzampavineyards.com), created out of two existing wineries — Grover in the wine region outside Bangalore, and Zampa, which was in Nashik, after a friendship grew between the founders, Kapil Grover and Ravi Jain.
BP, though, continues to emphasize its oil business.
Nobody doubts the toughness of South Korea’s new president, Park Geun-hye, whose upbringing has made her as steely a leader as they come.
When it came time to make our registry data available to the public, we considered several options and decided to collaborate with Medicare’s Hospital Compare Web site, which consolidates information from a variety of data sources in a useful format searchable by ZIP code without a lot of hype.
I played all day long, all these churchy chords, I just played and played.
Ms. Nelson sued on grounds of sex discrimination.
A recommendation to fire an employee occurs following an internal disciplinary inquiry into allegations made against the worker.
The law says an employer can pick a level of coverage and then allow employees to choose among all the health plans available at that level.
Ms. Kawakubo was also demonstrating her power before a group that has become incredibly territorial — about advertising, exclusives, suddenly locking down young designers with investment deals.
Sue Sal, as she was known, had a knack for the sport, but women were not accepted except at minor club matches.
We believe in rigorous physical and mental training, which allows us to perform at the optimum level in any location and under any circumstances.
“Not in a hurry to rush them back,” Woodson said.
Matsuzaka allowed six runs, seven hits and two walks Monday while striking out three.
The matchup got a bit more fuel in recent days when many Salt Lake fans’ ticket orders were invalidated because they used a code reserved for Kansas City season-ticket holders that was leaked on the Internet.
There are discussions about, for instance, marketing in real time, like the posting of comments to Twitter accounts as news events take place, and whether brands ought to support content-creation units that operate around the clock like newsrooms.
Some birds hide seeds to recover in leaner times, for example.
This sensibility inevitably includes a certain arch self-consciousness about form and content.
“Comprehensive investigative reports for the four equine fatalities from the inner track meet are being completed by board staff.” The rules come as racing wrestles with a drug culture that many of its most experienced officials contend is diminishing the sport.
“We have a lot of friends here.” Without them, Mr. Roberts and Ms. Askoff acknowledged, the Peto Museum would not have many trees to shake, and the paintings it prides itself on presenting would not have materialized.
Joining one of the democratic parties is not easy.
And other state Democrats are lining up to run, as well.
Little-Britainism does not suit a globalized world.
[NBC News] Researchers have come up with a technique for detecting mercury contamination in water by snapping a photo with a cellphone.
A three-dimensional graph and extra ink might be required for Jeff Jagodzinski’s chart, which has wildly zigged here and zagged there after a peak when he was the head coach at Boston College.
For more stabilization, the case also has three 20-millimeter slots for tripod mounts.
Four years and two foals earlier, the love affair with Rachel Alexandra began when she followed her 20 ¼-length Kentucky Oaks victory with a nail-biter two weeks later in the Preakness.
Critics blame the concentration of the machines for an increase in chronic gambling — and debt, bankruptcies, depression, domestic violence and broken homes — recorded by social service workers in Pavia.
Driving through Millstone , one will stop for a crossing deer — or maybe even a horse — before having to worry about a traffic light.
Her feet, unattractively encased in black socks pulled up mid-calf, kick from side to side in a frenzy of wild, wriggling movements.
WWOR, the New Jersey-based television station, faced a new challenge to its license on Tuesday from United States Senator Robert Menendez.
And Jörg Krämer, chief economist at Commerzbank in Frankfurt, said in a note to clients that he expected the German economy to expand again in the first half of the year.
LAUREL GRAEBER For Children ‘Archaeology Zone: Discovering Treasures From Playgrounds to Palaces’ (Friday, Sunday through Tuesday, and Thursday) Children will step into the shoes of an explorer like Indiana Jones in this permanent exhibition at the Jewish Museum, but the adventures will be purely scholarly.
The main alternative is that the stability mechanism should lend money to national governments, which could then inject it into their banks.
And that was by design, the company’s executives said.
Parking at the center is $5.
Audi wouldn’t cover it, the McKinneys say, though the problem was a common one — so widespread that it later became the subject of a federal class-action suit.
Income from continuing operations rose to $117 million, compared with $51 million in the period a year earlier.
“If you go out there, you are going to see enforcement.” Still, the enforcement has struck many of the pedestrians — the new kids on the block — as more than a little one-sided and strikingly strict.
This interview with Lily Kanter , co-founder and chief executive of Serena & Lily, a home décor company, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant .
The news reports at the time, in the late 1980s, were horrific.
Over the two past decades, however, the money spent on Steve Forbes’s two presidential campaigns and the declining profits in media eroded that fortune.
Last Updated, 8:20 p.m. On Tuesday, the hashtag “ #standwithwendy ” started popping up on Twitter.
At our second meal, at the little cafe attached to the upscale grocery store, I asked Jackson — innocently enough, I thought — how the N.B.A.
Cleveland/Rob Chudzinski (Jan. 10): The Browns sparked the next round of head-slapping by snaring Carolina’s offensive coordinator.
In the 1890s, the business was bought by William Clark, who renamed it W.H.
“I am a little disappointed that Carlos Santana wore one of his more conservative shirts this evening,” Mr. Obama said.
Even if it means requiring everyone in attendance to be blindfolded for the duration of a performance, as happened on Tuesday night at the Kaplan Penthouse for the opening of the Lincoln Center Festival’s production of Lera Auerbach’s unconventional opera “The Blind.” This hourlong work for 12 singers has no instrumental accompaniment: Ms. Auerbach calls the work an a cappella opera.
He contrasts Deere with Cisco Systems, the Internet hardware company.
It has been a twisting path to Broadway for Mr. Hanks and “Lucky Guy,” and a heartbreaking one.
My partner thinks I am angry because this other woman is less attractive than I am.
No dog run seems convenient, and her pup seems antsy.
If a public insurance program is unaffordable, as several commission members claimed, might the private market supply a solution to the aging population’s need for affordable long-term care?
It leads to speculating and hoarding , which damages its usefulness as a currency .
These attempts to spice up the safety-spiel are a relatively new development, with Virgin America one of the first companies to try in 2007.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"} A woman may represent a man’s better half, but his friends are his other self.
Much of the early focus will be on commercial development.
“He is a nice representation of the old and the new,” said Natalie Raben, the manager of marketing and communications for the Lower East Side Business Improvement District .
The exchanges fall flat, as does so much here, including a little family filler with Bobo’s daughter (Sarah Shahi, one of the token women) and some all-purpose intrigue with a couple of suits (Christian Slater and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje).
If this thinking is to stop, we need to promote partnership and not continue the cycle of men versus women.
His argument: I.S.S., as the firm is known, assumed that the leveraged buyout would lead to be a speedy payout to shareholders, while the stock buyback plan was uncertain and could drag out.
During the trip, the crew encountered heavy weather, and Lennon said in interviews that for part of the journey, he sailed the boat on his own, singing sea-shanties all the way.
Colle & McVoy, Minneapolis, part of MDC Partners, hired four employees for its account service group.
In a paper in the health policy journal Health Affairs , which devoted most of its May 2013 issue to health spending, the Harvard economists David Cutler and Nikhil Sahni explore health spending during the last decade only.
This time though, she was solicitous of her lawyer, William D. Zabel.
Google refreshes its Street View images sometimes, so “visits” to these locations may not yield the same results.
The feature is available on all 417 Wi-Fi-equipped aircraft.
Mr. Krislov and three deans announced the sighting in a community-wide e-mail early Monday morning.
“Besides, if I don’t think someone is hot, or if they don’t think I’m pretty, no one ever finds out.” Unusual for a dating app, Tinder appeals to men and women, homosexuals and heterosexuals.
She performs with Emily Wells and Kronos Quartet as part of the Lincoln Center Out of Doors Festival.
The broadcast and Internet network intends to use Twitter Amplify to showcase content from 42 products, from TVGuide.com to its fantasy football site.
The Care Net brochure says that “many women experience initial relief,” but that “women should be informed that abortion significantly increases risk for” clinical depression, suicidal thoughts and behavior, post-traumatic stress disorder and other problems.
And Yahoo is not forgetting employees without children.
They are to return to school on Jan. 22, as planned.
Television and the Internet are occasionally villains in this drama.
At 7:30 p.m., Williamsburg Park, Kent Avenue at North 12th Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (800) 745-3000, williamsburgparkbk.com; $49.50.
But he also confessed that the company still makes most of its money in more traditional Jersey wines.
Hats have included cork helmets as recently as the 1930s and baseball caps in the early 2000s .
As such, it is more important than ever that we build the internal software, the internal filters, into every citizen to sift out fact from fiction in this electronic torrent, which offers so much information that has never been touched by an editor, a censor or a libel lawyer.
It shows that, as a group, businesses in the Northeast lost a lot of faith in their power providers last year.
Rebel fighters have forced residents from their homes, using them as barracks.
I know love when I see it.
While he was recruiting Albrecht, Coach John Beilein told him, “You’re either going to make me look like a genius, or get me fired.” Why, Albrecht was asked, would Beilein be worried about his job?
Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Road.
Rather, it comes from higher-than-expected tax payments from businesses and individuals, as well as an increase in payments from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage finance companies the government took over as part of the wave of bailouts thrust upon Washington in the darkest days of the financial crisis.
Although the mission of the military has been reduced with the end of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, there is also substantial need to replace and repair the equipment of the armed forces.
Last month, Patriot said without elaborating that it had imposed less severe wage and benefit cuts on its miners than it could have under Judge Surratt-States’s ruling, and that it would keep retired workers’ health plans unchanged for two months as negotiations with the union pressed on.
In Damascus, Syrian officials speak of getting rid of chemical weapons as being separate from the civil war, in which, they say, they are fighting terrorism.
It will not bow to pressure to do “dumb things.” In response to a shareholder’s question, Mr. Buffett acknowledges that he benefited from being born in the United States in the early 20th century.
An urbane former minister of commerce with a liking for sleek suits and media attention, Mr. Bo was appointed the Communist Party secretary of Chongqing, a relatively poor municipality in southwest China, in 2007.
Maybe I was speaking more for film than for television, because television is a wide world of opportunity for women in their 30s, 40s, 50s, thank God.
(Smith) ★ MoMA PS1: ‘Mike Kelley’ (through Feb. 2) This retrospective of the Los Angeles artist Mike Kelley fills 40,000 feet of gallery space at PS1.
The most popular apps in the Apple store for toddlers and preschoolers are educational.
Even an electric stair lift can convert a difficult home to navigate into a safe accessible place.
The committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months.
I stood in the dark, waiting to catch a glimpse of her through a small window, expecting to see her in a corner, tail between her legs, avoiding the other dogs.
In Africa, an agency called African Risk Capacity is expected to start a risk pool for drought next year.
And in a recent memoir , Supreme Court justice Sonia Sotomayor writes “exceptionally frank account of the challenges that she faced during her ascent from a public housing project to the court’s marble palace.” Or, read additional examples we collected in a previous lesson from sports, politics and business of how failure can teach important lessons in life .
“This is one of the better fish curries that I’ve eaten in this country,” he said.
Rabbi Darren Levine officiated, with the Rev.
Clare is only half of the portrait provided by Williams in this work, which he described as his “most beautiful” since “A Streetcar Named Desire.” The other part of the diptych is Felice, a playwright as well as an actor who sets the stage (in all senses) for the performances (also in all senses) that he and Clare give.
“The atmosphere at the meeting was to let a hundred flowers bloom and a hundred schools of thought contend,” said Chen Yizi, who helped organize the conference.
The antitrust lawsuit, filed in federal court in Manhattan, may represent a watershed in the debate over “bundling,” or the practice of selling channels to cable and satellite providers in a package.
This class didn’t exist and there was no real full-scale examples out there where you could just say, ‘Oh well, look at that!’ ” When New Zealand started foiling last September in training with its first AC72 in Auckland, Cayard said that initial reports were that the New Zealand boat was too slow upwind and not entirely stable.
What do you think of the contemporary state of magic realism?
Sales growth will then dip slightly to just over 2 percent in 2015, another year in which several big drugs are expected to lose their patent protection, before rising faster again in 2016 to nearly 4 percent.
“This is the world through our eyes,” we’re told at the top of “Vice,” the new HBO program produced by the Brooklyn-based Vice Media , a successful purveyor of video, music and clothing that’s really in the business of selling an attitude.
The show is written and directed by Daniel S. Wise, with choreography by Benoit-Swan Pouffer.
“Of course we are afraid, but we are all together,” said Mr. Bakus, who was wearing a bicycle helmet.
For the fifth time in the past six presidential elections, Republicans lost the popular vote.
That case was also heard by Judge Castel.
On the other stand armed figures, representing the brave but doomed fighters of the Warsaw ghetto uprising, which began on April 19, 1943.
But as a recent report from the International Labor Organization points out, the gains to higher productivity resulting from technological innovation are not going entirely to workers.
And now he’s excellent, excellent, excellent.” Djokovic said Gencic’s approach was always long-term.
One image shows Ms. Love, in a spotted fur coat, crawling on the floor.
Risto Penttilä is president of the Finland Chamber of Commerce and secretary general of “Northern Light,” the European Business Leaders’ Convention, which meets in Finland every two years to discuss Europe’s challenges and opportunities.
People who oppose him do so because they fear him.
For Inspector Chen, poetry provides him a complementary perspective, albeit a temporary one, to that of a party-member cop.
The victim owned his own business, Birl Jackson Lawn Service, for 40 years.
The fact that Maayan was Jewish, spoke Hebrew and had had his bar mitzvah did not seem to matter for either Maayan or Seton Hall, a Roman Catholic university, where the university chaplain, the Rev.
They gave some of the furniture the Masons left behind to artists, hoping they could use it in their work and so might one day return to the museum.
During the fighting in November, Hamas executed seven people in the streets of Gaza, some of them summarily, for collaboration, even though some of them still had appeals of their convictions and death sentences pending in court.
His assist to Altidore showed elite levels of vision and creativity.
1 albums and a record for the highest-grossing tour in country music history, with his wife, Faith Hill.
And they don’t agree about which way to go.
His money — lots of it — came from his position as head of Maison Leys, the foremost interior decoration firm of turn-of-the-century Paris.
Of the 35 companies that have given earnings forecasts for the second quarter, 28 are negative, according to S&P Capital IQ, with only four positive and three in-line.
“A great democracy does not make it harder to vote than to buy an assault weapon,” Mr. Clinton declared to echoes of approval from those who came to honor Dr. King’s legacy.
Instead, Mr. Schrier said, he suggested “business propositions,” including that Mr. Schrier help solicit a $3 million ransom from an American embassy in exchange for a 5 percent cut, or that Mr. Schrier agree to be a courier and transport materials for his captors’ group.
The moratorium on share sales has created a tremendous backlog of Chinese companies seeking to tap investors for financing.
But shortly before his sister was killed, Mr. Smith said, Mr. Bryant threw a bottle at Karen and he and Mr. Smith almost came to blows.
Mr. Jones then asked that the judge reconsider again what the prosecutor argued was another unlawful sentence.
A lawyer for Mr. Acevedo, Kathleen Julian, said that the crash “was an accident, a horrible accident.” She added: “The facts are going to show it was an accident.” The police had arrested Mr. Acevedo on felony charges of leaving the scene, and earlier Thursday night, added an additional charge of first-degree vehicular manslaughter for the death of the boy, who was delivered prematurely immediately after the accident and died a day later.
“None of us were touched,” Mr. Traoré said.
He thinks the manual, in its every iteration, is nothing more than “a compendium of expert opinions masquerading as scientific truths, a book whose credibility surpasses its integrity, whose usefulness is primarily commercial.” He compares it to a book of poorly written short stories.
“I don’t know how we would have gone there.
“Everybody knows it is impossible to topple the Islamic system.
“I’m not going to die,” said Osvaldo Perdomo, 52, a former Liz Claiborne executive who quit his job after developing AIDS in 2004.
“Fewer unknowns in a world fraught with headline risk are a good thing,” he said.
In fact, Mirnyi reserved his criticism for players who overdo their public remorse.
Doctors in such circumstances typically induce labor or surgically remove the fetus to reduce the woman’s chances of infection.
Shanahan said after the game that RGIII — who had surgery Wednesday morning in Pensacola, Fla. — told him he could play because he was “hurt” but not “injured,” so “that was enough for me.” Such Clintonian parsing makes you wonder if Shanahan was worried about the short life expectancy for losing coaches of Redskins owner Dan Snyder.
Third Point officials were not immediately reachable for comment.
South with three weeks left.
Those firms have denied they give the government a “back door” to their systems.
Victor Neufeld, a media executive who lives in Manhattan, said renting a car in New York City was always an annoyance before Zipcar came along.
“But if the pace of growth is slowed or capped, that will have a direct impact on infrastructure growth.” Infrastructure spending, Mr Shen says, has been one of the crucial pillars of China’s growth engine over the last decade.
The choices of FIFA and the Premier League appear to be a Betamax vs. VHS moment.
The testimony of Linus, rendered years before personal tragedies turned him into a sociopath, suffuses his later crimes with a grace note of compassion.
Those were good, important stories and while the profile about Mr. Tsarnaev did not break a lot of new ground, it did an excellent job of explaining how someone who looked like the kid next door radicalized in place and, according to the federal charges, decided to attack innocents to make a political point.
For the crisis to be comprehensively addressed, Mr. Huijbregts of the WWF commented Wednesday, “the international intelligence community needs to get involved in this fight as soon as possible, in order to identify, track and put out of business these global criminal networks, which corrupt governments, erode national security and hamper economic development prospects.” Unless the governments of the region and demand countries treat this issue as an international emergency, he said, “we cannot rule out that, in our lifetime, there will no longer be any viable elephant populations in Central Africa.”
The furniture was custom-made, covered in a brocade from Rubelli, a Venetian company founded in 1858.
A light shone in their jailers’ first-floor office, directly above their cell.
“I was going to let the people who spend years and years studying medicine make that decision.
Grounds for Sculpture, 18 Fairgrounds Road.
Carrie Erin Drazan, the daughter of Cheryl A. Drazan and Andrew M. Drazan of Old Brookville, N.Y., was married Saturday evening to Howard Scott Hersch, the son of Harriet K. Hersch and Ronald M. Hersch of Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. Cantor Richard Berman officiated at the Pine Hollow Country Club in East Norwich, N.Y. Mrs. Hersch, 27, is in her second year of a master’s degree in nutrition and dietetics at New York University, from which she graduated magna cum laude.
She is, to begin with, another astonishing soloist.
But when their script fails to survive the trip, the seafarers have to improvise — and look to the crowd.
One obstacle President Obama may face in proposing a new federal ban on assault weapons could lie in the use of the term “assault weapon” itself.
Demand that @netanyahu & @AlqassamBrigade stop attacks on civilians — AmnestyInternational (@amnesty) 16 Nov 12 @amnesty you don’t ask an occupied nation to stop their “Resistance” to end violence!!!
For many in South Korea, Ms. Park’s gender has long been a secondary concern, even as vestiges of the country’s patriarchal past remain.
But behind the glitz, the brand has been nourishing a more discreet ambition to shine in the watchmaking world.
House Republicans are also considering adding a one-year delay in the individual mandate.
But in the end leaders are defined by the convictions that they hold.
A pair of George III armchairs imitating the French Louis XV style supposed to be worth £250,000 to £400,000 went nowhere.
Half of the apartments would be for low-, moderate- and middle-income families.
Health experts acknowledged that the limit did go farther than menu labeling, the city’s previous initiative, in that it was manipulating choices to try to change consumer norms, instead of offering information and letting the consumer decide.
“One of the best management techniques for controlling Goss’s wilt is crop rotation — corn, then soy or another crop,” Mr. Anderson said.
Mint Theater, 311 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (866) 811-4111, minttheater.org.
Although I could take in only a fraction of the complex medical information she carefully enunciated, she answered every question with candor and understood better than I did that my ultimate outlook was bleak.
He was arrested earlier this off-season in Arizona on charges of felony marijuana possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Great summary by Paul Murphy at FT Alphaville, ending thusly: Big depositors in Cypriot banks stand to lose circa 40 per cent of their money here, which has drawn plenty of fury and veiled threats from Russia.
“Yeah, I was down a little bit there in the third but able to get it back,” Sock said.
“I give them their meal, I say, ‘Have a good day.’ They tell me, ‘You have a nice day, too.’” This may represent the only face-to-face social interaction some homebound people have in the course of a day.
The residents will be less concerned about what’s bugging you than they are about the tangible consequences.
No smoking meant I drank less and had fewer wine-choked meltdowns.
All three bring game-breaking qualities, but the Wallabies’ success will depend not on who is in the pivot’s role but whether the coach can create a game plan where they are given the time and space to fully use their skills.
He’s a pretty good athlete, and we all know he played a lot of hoops.
“Social media has allowed us to cast a wider net and get in front of our target market, but it’s still important to have a strong idea to deliver,” he said.
A. I have a really low tolerance for people making comments, especially managers, without actually positioning them.
From that point on, the strategy would be called Hack-a-Shaq.
The listing, which was strongly opposed by the state of Alaska and hunting and industry groups, could improve the bears’ chances for survival by taking various steps to protect them from human activities.
An offer to take BlackBerry private does not end the uncertainty surrounding the ailing smartphone maker.
CAAFlog, the leading military justice blog, called it “the death knell” for the current system, at least for sexual assault cases.
The program enlivens a routine narrative of the Civil War by stopping now and then to examine objects that played small but telling roles.
We feel at home in an economy pegged to the goat standard (as I put it in my introduction to the Penguin reprint of the book), and we share the tribal indignation that rupees cannot, as promised, be “changed into goats.” Huxley’s descriptive powers rival Steinbeck’s, with the added subtlety that her metaphors and imagery are drawn from the Kikuyu mind.
Many of the most vocal supporters spoke in moral and political terms, arguing that slavery was either a sin or an abuse of intrinsic human freedom.
Mr. Liu speaks about having rice thrown at him by bullies as a Taiwanese immigrant in Flushing, Queens, and he laces his speeches with references to Joey, his 12-year-old son, who attends a gifted-and-talented program in Manhattan.
But electric cars have been something of a disappointment.
We already lived through it.
Science journalism, in particular, is a field littered with corpses.
By overseeing every element of their own projects, he and his partners not only control the look and feel of the place, but also add real value to the properties and, by the transitive property of cool, the areas that surround them.
Just the opposite: Britain increased coal burning for electricity more than 30 percent last year, while cutting back gas use a similar amount, and other West European nations increased their coal use as well.
Fans of “The Great Gatsby” may recall that the novel’s title character frequented the Plaza in Manhattan.
Troubles Find Him On an unseasonably warm afternoon last February, Rice sat in his office at the tail end of a 10-21 season, frustrated and drained.
Jeffrey Jean-Paul, 25, was shot in the back as he sat with his brother in a car in East Stroudsburg, Pa. , Sunday night.
It also removes a lot of the pleasure of discovery.
Yet good studies showed that none of these fears was justified.. “Contradicted practices don’t disappear immediately,” said the lead author, Dr. Vinay Prasad.
They remember the laughter, the perpetual food stains, the presence.
The association also had lots of praise for Steve Sheinkin and his book “Bomb: The Race to Build — and Steal — the World’s Most Dangerous Weapon,” published by Flash Point, an imprint of Roaring Brook Press.
With four goals in two nights, Richards has 10, and is showing signs of breaking out of a season-long slump.
The churches here are not nearly as impressive as the monuments in those more popular towns, but their age, their relative isolation from tourism and the virtually untouched scenery that surrounds them lend a distinctive air of mystery, even sanctity.
In contrast to the shuttle diplomacy and grand mediation of old-fashioned statecraft, however, you harbor a fondness for grassroots activism and popular protest.
A top Chrysler engineer testified in a deposition that the trailer hitch was not designed to protect the gas tank.
Time magazine called it the first unofficial concert by American jazz musicians in the Soviet Union.
American officials dismissed suggestions that Mr. Obama might be forced to put off the trip.
During the drive south Monday afternoon, he had doubts about arriving early.
Jan. 18 at 9 p.m. $30.
“We just try to help as best we can.
More importantly, the players on this squad will be hoping to find a place in the hexagonal qualifiers that begin on Feb. 6 in San Pedro Sula, Honduras, and continue through October.
I would advise personalizing the encounter as much as possible: if you suspect the man was making his request out of necessity, give him the money.
And so Libya Shield and the Supreme Security Committees were born.
The euro was up 0.7 percent, at $1.3780, its highest level since November 2011.
The thing is, it wasn’t always thus.
If you want to share files between the phone and computer, click the Share tab in the Bluetooth settings box and turn on the option for “Allow remote devices to browse, send, and receive pictures, music and other files.” Click the OK button when you are finished in the Bluetooth settings box.
Coach Martin Johnson had lost his job after a disastrous World Cup campaign, and Stuart Lancaster was about to embark on his first game as interim coach.
Young clearly preferred to play center field, but was open to playing the corners, too.
“The basic goal is to make people realize you can walk in L.A.,” she said.
Coach John Tortorella said Thursday that the Rangers were not defending against the Capitals’ top line any differently on the road.
“I realized that my work was not going anywhere,” she said.
“We’re not safer yet.” Mr. Dimon said conditions for economic growth were good “if we do all the right things.” “If not,” he added, “we could be experiencing crises for another 10 years.”
(Anderson) John Mayer (Tuesday) With his disastrous interviews behind him, for now, the talented but musically tame singer-guitarist John Mayer enlisted the firepower producer Don Was for his 2012 album, “Born and Raised.” On that album, his acoustic elements found a new, unhurried ease that maintained a lascivious edge.
Nonsense for the time being.
Snow in her “Dance Drawing Series.” Noon to 5 p.m.; until 6 p.m. on Thursday.
But Ms. Whitakers said that when she showed up at Ms. Metellus’s apartment, 6B, around 5:30 p.m., she found the stepmother frantic.
The Trade » Former Analyst in S.&P.
Although residential buildings on the Upper East and West Sides still favor classic gray pants with a side stripe, some downtown buildings go for the chic look of a simple black suit.
Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said public opinion would pose a challenge for the president and Congress.
The N.S.A., in a practice that dates back to the depths of the Cold War and that has never ended, was recording her conversations and those of a range of leaders in Germany and elsewhere, storing them in databases that could be searched later, if the need arose.
Instead, we should provide intelligence, equipment, financing and training for a West African intervention force that the United Nations Security Council approved in December (but did not finance).
“Usually, they record it and watch it the next day.
In this particular case, it is especially wrong, because the two genes would likely have been isolated (“discovered,” in Myriad’s terminology) soon anyway, as part of the global Human Genome Project .
As was the case in the 1990s, negotiating with the Taliban now would be a grievous mistake.
Lower floors might be left vacant, or used for parking garages.
“But with Miss America, at least there is more than one judge.” Deep Roots in an Industry Moses has been surrounded by dogs his entire life.
Mr. Abraham and Mr. Brooks are New York choreographers with their own companies; Mr. Beamish is artistic director of Move: the company, in Vancouver, and Mr. Cerrudo of Hubbard Street Dance Chicago .
LOS ANGELES MICHAEL APTED has done the math: “I figured out that when we do ‘84,’ I’ll be 99.” He’s talking about what would be the 12th installment of his monumental documentary series tracking a group of English schoolchildren from different social spheres at seven-year intervals.
“It is a building that deserves more attention, funding, ongoing restoration and investment from the broader New York community.” Father Palacios hopes to attract tourists, making the argument, Why fly to Istanbul when an echo of the Hagia Sophia is but a subway ride away?
It was empowering,” she said.
They spent the day together.
Then, finally the show: Impeccable and rarefied handwork on white lace dresses from which might dangle a pair of tiny white toy dogs at the hem.
The film runs through July 7, hourly, from 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., American Museum of Natural History, Central Park West and 79th Street, (212) 769-5200, amnh.org.
Oct. 6 at 8 p.m. $20 and $30.
“Most people don’t remember the I.P.O.’s that flamed out after the initial offering.” For clients who persist, he reminds them of three things.
10 Photos View Slide Show › But norms change, and today’s commuters are more circumspect.
is part of German history,” he said.
Brad Richardson, Chris Higgins and Ryan Stanton scored for the Canucks (5-3-0), who are off to their best start since opening 2005-6 at 6-1-1.
“We live and die by guest feedback,” Ms. Briggs said.
From the wee hours of Sunday morning until the beginning of Monday, the space, in the Friedrichshain neighborhood, is one big party.
The staff suite off the kitchen is being used as a den; there is a separate laundry room.
I’m a hard-working girl who may be dressed and out a lot and outspoken, but I’m not in some bubble.
Fair enough; I’ve actually referenced the study he mentions in earlier work .
The Giesers’ home was paid for with a loan from the subprime division of the infamous lender Countrywide Financial , which did not require the couple to make a down payment or show proof of their income.
Only 13 jockeys have won more than his horses’ career purse earnings of $191,563,097.
Hossa, who sustained a concussion, was taken off the ice on a stretcher.
In the months since the breakthrough, detectives from the cold case Squad have interviewed the mother and other relatives.
Mr. Lew has maintained that he was not involved in those decisions.
The Sutton Place picture, with a red brick facade, was at the right; the East 90s building, with a stone facade on the ground floor, was at the left.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS (1-888-698-6397).
“This time of year, you get tension, skirmishes and fights,” Camby said, “but in the end, it’s still a brotherhood.
The behemoths of today — the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia, and even some major oil companies — could be losers if they do not adapt.
With one elbow raised behind her back, she flapped her hand like a tiny wing.
But Republicans have used the filibuster far more frequently in recent years, leading frustrated Democrats to conclude that the only way to break the Senate’s gridlock is to change the rules.
Hagel’s voting record on military affairs, like Kerry’s, sometimes seems less a matter of considered judgment than political reflex.
The rising tide of high-end bartending is lifting every type of spirit, but whiskey seems to be riding a slightly higher crest.
About 60,000 move abroad every year, seven out of 10 taking a college degree with them.
“I don’t think there’s any question that there needs to be review, there ought to be review, and it ought to be thorough,” Mr. Boehner said.
Ethan’s fragmented self-narrative is linked to its traumatic cause, so solving the mystery at the center of the film is satisfying.
Before the game, Coach Alain Vigneault promoted the 22-year-old Moore to the first power-play unit, saying he liked Moore’s skill set.
“After a couple of weeks I wrote in that diary, ‘I wish we never had this idea,’ ” he said.
Mr. Vespe attended an all-day location shoot in Manhattan, but has not heard anything further about the movie’s completion or eventual release.
Mr. Schulz said he would formally present the resolution voted on Wednesday to E.U.
The perceived barriers were largely the same: students from both nations felt they didn’t have adequate information about options, and were also worried about finances, visas and homesickness.
He imagines kayaks and canoes gliding along the Arkansas River and marathoners striding down Route 66, past an oil refinery that looms over the highway.
The initial photographs that people post on Facebook and Pinterest are gorgeous, and owners of these gardens congratulate themselves for making creative use of small and challenging spaces.
Isbell spent two weeks in Cumberland Heights, an alcohol-and-drug-treatment center in Nashville.
“Premiere” ends where it started, almost: the same left-to-right lineup, but facing the audience instead of the doors.
But by Sunday, 70 people had signed a letter by the union to the mayor, which said the union was among the first to give counseling and other help to those in Newtown, Conn., after the school shootings there on Dec. 14.
But she started life as a fragile infant an ounce shy of three pounds, her skin dripping off her bony elbows and knees.
He seemed in good spirits.
Hurricane Sandy knocked down about 2,000 trees in the central 600 acres of Duke Farms.
from the account of a woman who had recently noticed her wallet missing at the Key Food supermarket at 52 Avenue A in the East Village.
To prepare, you might scan the articles or summaries on today’s paper .
“And I had a young child.
sightings, the fact that you had these high-flying aircraft in the air being the cause of some of the sightings.” Mr. Richelson said he was not looking for information on Area 51.
A sitting area in Le Petit Palais, another of Decarpentrie and Naessens’s houses.
RED WINGS 3, KINGS 2 Jonathan Ericsson’s goal with five seconds left, less than a minute after Los Angeles had tied the score, gave Detroit its third win in four days.
And how can it ever be more than a stopgap injection of cash into an economy hobbled by the shackles of occupation?
“These kids do O.K., and they may do better than O.K.
Unless we resist giving away our information in exchange for a few free treats, we can’t expect to prevent the government from dipping into that same data.
The government of Bahia State has also come under criticism, especially over its efforts to fight crime.
Except that in order to verify a bullying charge, they have to have written notification and evidence in multiple situations.” She added, “When administrators find ways to weasel out of this, how will kids ever believe in them?” When teachers were not responsive, AmExpat of Canada went to the principal: “My husband and I met with the principal and explained what had happened, and that the bullies had threatened to kill my son after school that day (this from elementary-school-age kids).
trading deadline at 3 p.m. approached, the Rangers blew up their lineup, trading forward Marian Gaborik to the Columbus Blue Jackets.
It has not been identified yet, he said.
What many people familiar with the story are going to be waiting for is not an admission of doping – that was stipulated from the start – but a specific apology for the lives he ruined in order to keep his secret a secret.
Without the machines, Vladimir hears nothing.
“Each individual voter may see it differently.
Christopher Milne, director of research at the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development at Tufts University, said that there were still many unanswered questions in this field.
If that inflation had happened, I like to imagine that doves like me would have conceded that we got it wrong, and reconsidered our position.
At a meeting last week in New York, Hewlett-Packard, a longtime buyer of Intel’s server chips, showed off a server built for the cloud that ran on a low-power Intel chip, called Atom.
As great as the city is, I figure there are times when players want to be a bit alone (to reflect, to regroup, etc.).
It’s not easy to obtain, available only through pomerolbook.com for £50 (about $80) plus postage.
“Bill was a great artist, an original thinker and a wonderful man.”
At that moment, Nora felt that she was “alone in a tiny pool of light in a great dark room, as if I were myself the figure in someone else’s diorama, manipulated in my own stage set by a giant I could not see.” On one level, that giant is Sirena, on another it’s Nora’s vision of herself.
I was so happy to be there.
“I know that the president believes in American soccer and believes in the league,” Garber said.
Jerry Brown this fall to try to persuade him to veto gun bills passed by the Legislature, including measures banning semiautomatic rifles with detachable magazines and lead ammunition for hunting (Mr. Brown signed the ammunition bill but vetoed the bill outlawing the rifles).
All the more surprising, then, that among those who welcomed the 52-year-old designer’s return was Abraham H. Foxman, leader of the Anti-Defamation League , the American anti-Semitism watchdog group.
The lesson that children are supposed to learn by believing that a rabbit hid the eggs that they themselves decorated days prior, and that the same rabbit brought them a basket full of chocolates in his likeness, is even more elusive.
The discrepancy between Ortiz’s success and that of the rest of the team did not seem to bother the Red Sox very much as they prepared to face Wacha for a second time.
Today, however, Corey Rubin has decided to alleviate the issue for us once and for all.
The man, Giovanni Pacheco, 21, was taken into custody hours after the 1:30 a.m. shooting and booked into the Monterey County Jail, the police said.
Chinese Human Rights Defenders, an international advocacy group, has estimated that since March more than 50 Chinese involved in peaceful political activism have been detained or have disappeared, apparently into state custody.
The Huskies opened this season with a loss to Towson, a Football Championship Subdivision team, and one to Maryland and Edsall.
A tenant in the building said she let emergency workers into the apartment and went in with them to make sure Ms. Pitt’s dog did not attack anyone.
Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, pointed to a troubleshooting bulletin that says the Do Not Disturb feature will work properly again after next Monday.
Braun issued his own denial on Tuesday night, saying in a written statement that during the course of preparing for the appeal of his positive test last year, “my attorneys, who were previously familiar with Tony Bosch, used him as a consultant.” He said Bosch answered questions for his lawyers about testosterone levels and the possibilities of tampering with urine samples.
E. Neil Trautwein, a vice president of the National Retail Federation, said the standoff had “hardened the positions” of House Republicans, Senate Democrats and the White House, reducing the chances for changes that could make the law more workable for employers.
We know because of Richard Reid [the so-called shoe bomber] in December 2001 that nonmetallic explosives can be concealed in shoes or in underwear.
“We are obviously not like any couple that has been there before,” Mr. de Blasio said.
Kathy Karadza is under intense pressure during the early stages of the United States Open tennis tournament.
Even as the White House scrambled to defend its online surveillance, President Obama was mingling with donors at the Silicon Valley home of Mike McCue, Flipboard’s chief, eating dinner at the opulent home of Vinod Khosla, the venture capitalist, and cracking jokes about Mr. Khosla’s big, shaggy dogs.
The thing about sports is that you can push yourself to your limits, but you can grunt, you can scream and you can yell to get yourself fired up.
Functionally, not very much, in all probability.
It is going to be filled with obstacles and you have to navigate them, and we learn from these things.
Point guard Andre Hollins scored 41 points in a victory over Memphis, 1 short of the team record.
The tech sector’s embrace of urbanist lingua franca and its enthusiasm to engage with urban problems is awesome, and much welcomed.
All too common is someone in Asia working behind the scenes to fix a game played in Europe.
(The New York Times’s mobile apps include software from advertising networks that gather nonpersonal information about how readers use the newspaper.)
So take a chance.’ ” Had Dolan reasoned that Lin, as an Asian-American sensation, was probably worth $2 in commercial appeal for every $1 he was paid, Lin would still be trying to figure out how to play with Anthony.
Photo A beekeeper handling an artificial hive full of honeybees at a farm on the outskirts of Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir.
“We really need all sorts of medicine, from contraception pills to products for hemophilia patients,” said one influential importer who asked not to be identified because of his government contacts.
But on Wednesday, Richard J. Leon, a district court judge in Washington, ruled that the Fed had failed to follow Congress’s wishes in setting the cap.
NANCY DICKEMAN Seattle, March 19, 2013 To the Editor: Re “ Ten Years After ” (editorial, March 20): After 10 years it still angers and frustrates me why the people responsible for the Iraq war have not been held accountable.
Pero me equivoqué otra vez.
That’s not just her intuition speaking.
DeFeo “also was involved in different media including drawing, painting, sculpture and photography,” Ms. Mitchell-Innes added.
Already we have seen Guardiola tweaking the lineup in preseason friendly matches.
This hand-carved model was designed by the master Balinese flutemaker Nyoman Lentong (about $90) .
Many are taking this as a sign that, despite its intentions, the health care reform law is failing and costs are going up as a result.
RYAN HOWARD San Francisco, June 26, 2013 The writer is the founder and chief executive of Practice Fusion, a health care technology company.
It is a Scottish county and an archipelago, consisting of the Orkney Islands, not an island itself.
A heads up – they’re working on a new album to be released in 2014.
Paying down debt is the top financial priority for African-Americans, who have higher levels of debt — particularly, student loan debt — than the general population, a biennial survey from Prudential Financial finds.
“I’m sure there are a lot more incidents going on that we don’t know about,” he said.
Fathers — one Muslim, one evangelical Christian — hover helplessly on the margins, each having paid a price for his religious beliefs.
“My job is to give my teammates the easiest buckets we can.
BEIJING Censorship in China conjures the image of rigid, unsmiling authority, but that disapproving scowl can give way to a different expression — and not always a consistent one.
But all this doesn’t mean the old Grandstand isn’t going to be missed, and that something won’t be lost in a city that has remade Times Square, opened the High Line and groovified Brooklyn.
Shortly after 9 p.m., the last doors began to close, though store operators said they were to be allowed back on Tuesday for a final sweep.
Ten days later, the central government in New Delhi, led by the Congress Party, announced that it would be initiating the process of forming the new state, including passing a bill in Parliament.
Survivors include his wife, Dana.
The overhaul was a three-year undertaking that involved a full restoration of the original rooftop structure, including the removal of an unsightly add-on, and the realization of design elements in Le Corbusier’s blueprints that had not been realized when the building was originally constructed.
But it was too late.
And if anything, Mr. Karzai’s statements seemed of a piece with a series of negotiation moves that appeared calculated to squeeze every last American concession out of the process — though each usually ended in Afghan compliance.
Her son is named Paul.
The local district mayor, Matthias Köhne, was not amused, telling the tabloid BZ that the action “denigrates Käthe Kollwitz.” Several Berlin newspapers also took issue with the choice of target.
The first real start-up I was involved in was Epinions.com in 1999.
Their consensus is that the report issued last week is not an objective quest for enlightenment, but 100 pages in service of a boldface headline.
I put up an ad at work, offering to give away our piano.
At the same time, Moscow has said it will supply government forces with advanced ground-to-air missiles.
As Coca-Cola executives were negotiating what would have been the largest foreign purchase of a Chinese company, Comment Crew was busy rummaging through their computers in an apparent effort to learn more about Coca-Cola’s negotiation strategy.
“This is summer political theater in New York,” he said last week.
This was where Wenger was caught: He put the club’s solvency before the lust for prizes, and this season he was down to arguably his least-talented bunch of players.
During debate on the floor, Senator Wendy Davis, Democrat of Fort Worth, expressed reservations about a test-based component.
Veronika Part performs Kitri for the first time (alongside James Whiteside in his New York debut as Basilio) at the Wednesday matinee.
Its latest figure is more than double the 2007 average, a far greater gain than in any other country.
And in October California officials fined the company $99,245 for violating state labor laws; the company said it would appeal the ruling.
“We want to score a goal or maybe get to halftime at 0-0,” he said before the tournament, sitting in the lobby of his hotel in Belo Horizonte, an hour’s flight north of Rio de Janeiro.
“All it takes is one guy to come along and electrify the world.” An estimated 600 million people play chess worldwide, more than ever before, according to the research firm YouGov.
The Bruins, meanwhile, were near the salary ceiling.
In the first round, Dodig was leading No.
Frankenthaler was Color Field’s prodigy and its single-minded glamour girl.
There has to be a customer out there, somewhere, for a molded plastic bodice, and these designers know it.
L. LEWIS WALL St. Louis, July 20, 2013 The writer, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology and of anthropology at Washington University in St. Louis, is the founder of the Worldwide Fistula Fund.
In a sign of the tensions that will undoubtedly surface in the campaign, two fistfights erupted in the building’s pressroom after Mr. Mashaei and Mr. Ahmadinejad left.
“Everybody’s done it,” he said.
The economy grew at a rate of only 1.4 percent in the first half of 2013, held back by tighter fiscal policy.
(The longtime Chelsea dealer Christopher D’Amelio recently shuttered his own gallery and joined as the newest partner.)
BEACON “Symbiosis,” sculptures by Insun Kim.
Mills, however, has maintained that he will not hire Thomas to rejoin the Knicks in any capacity.
Since then, the Fed has been on the sidelines.
The exhibition seems to waffle on this issue, but a label quotes Charlotte Perriand ’s recollection of her first meeting with the architect Le Corbusier in 1927 from her 1998 autobiography, “Une Vie de Création”: “ ‘What do you want?’ he asked, his eyes hooded by his glasses.
The week I finished the manuscript of my family memoir, I had a terrible nightmare: a dead body turned up in my hotel room.
He says he will have spent roughly $3 million of his own money by the time the second congress is over, and though he is reluctant to disclose his net worth — aside from scoffing at the often-published notion that he’s a billionaire — he is ready to spend much more.
A New York Times editorial appraising one of the committee’s reports reflected this colorful interest, calling the findings “a library of corrupt readings” whose “painful and dreadful” disclosures will “produce a feeling of public indignation which would justify the most summary measures against the knaves whose villainy is here dragged into daylight.” Despite its success and the interest in the public stoked by media coverage of its hearings, the committee’s activities were highly controversial in Congress from the start.
At the site it becomes clear that “Magna Carta Holy Grail” is the title of a new album, and that the commercial was, in effect, Jay-Z’s announcement of its release on July 4 under an arrangement with Samsung.
Museum of the City of New York: Talking Baseball (Tuesday) Allen Barra, a sportswriter and author of “Mickey and Willie: The Parallel Lives of Baseball’s Golden Age,” will lead a discussion on the lives and careers of Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays.
Sunday’s late-afternoon game against Worcester competed against the N.F.L.
Andrea Rosen, 525 West 24th Street, Chelsea, (212) 627-6000, andrearosengallery.com.
Everything about football remained at once exciting and unsettled.
NEW HAVEN “A Streetcar Named Desire,” drama by Tennessee Williams.
held by the Taliban, Bowe Bergdahl .
Locals and visitors have flocked there ever since for down-home lunch, brunch and dinner options like buttermilk poppy-seed pancakes and the Canary Burger, with blue cheese, caramelized red onion and bacon.
At a site in Italy , feathers were removed from the wings of the bearded vulture, Eurasian black vulture, golden eagle, red-footed falcon, common wood pigeon and Alpine chough, based on cut marks found at the wingtips of bird bones.
But even as interest in other extreme sports has continued to swell, the number of licensed hang glider pilots in the United States has dropped by about two-thirds from its peak, to 5,000 last year.
When Donovan returns to full fitness, he may well rejoin the national team, but for Bocanegra, 33, the opportunities could be more difficult to find.
At the same time, good phones were getting cheaper.
Not had the kind of candor that you’d expect from government officials.
Call me crazy, but I have to say I love the ticktock of the Death Clock.
Our buoyant tour guide, who described herself as Debbie ”Once you get me started I can’t stop talking” Savoy, left no historical stone unturned.
Mr. Zinczenko has also entered into a partnership with the Random House Publishing Group to form a new imprint — Zinc Ink — which will publish six to 12 general nonfiction and lifestyle books annually, beginning next year.
Collins and Dan Warthen, the team’s pitching coach, said the plan now was to speak to Santana each morning to gauge how he felt before setting a plan for the day.
The renovation did not bring back the Mermaid Room’s most noticeable feature, the mermaids on the ceiling.
Exercise beyond a certain level may even be counterproductive.
“We were deeply in love, and I could not be happier,” he said.
The premiere episode last season pulled in more than twice as many viewers with 6.86 million.
Now owned by the National Trust, Carlyles House is, like other such properties, occupied by a caretaker couple whose presence imparts life to what might otherwise feel like a fusty reliquary.
officials were so confident about the plan that they told Mrs. Levinson to stay by the phone for a call from her husband.
Against a stark, white set designed by the minimalist architect John Pawson, dancers in flesh-colored leotards push their physical limits to the pulsing music of Joby Talbot and the White Stripes.
It’s just our own kind of thing.”
The criticism was kicked off by comments from two of the show’s black cast members, Jay Pharoah, who said the show needed to “follow up” on the promise to add a black woman, and Kenan Thompson, who announced he did not want to do any more impressions of black women in drag.
But as Alderson said, “He’s not going to sit on the bench.” That news superseded an effective seven and two-thirds innings from Dillon Gee in this whistle-stop finish to a 4-city, 11-game road trip.
It belonged to a 9/11 widow and had been bought for her, Mr. Ingram said, by a friend of her husband’s who had done well on Wall Street.
Syracuse had been caught with its hands and feet in a gigantic cookie jar.
“It’s like turning up to a party and finding someone else is wearing the same dress as you.
Feb. 10 at 2 and 4 p.m. $25 to $60.
The answer, starting next January: a minimum of three, the same number required of male Marines.
But for this city’s liberals, the chance is to make policy on the grandest urban stage in America is exhilarating.
Poitras suspected (but could not confirm, because her phone company and I.S.P.
Organized by the artist Adam Simon , it explores the way artists recycle, deconstruct and abuse that slouching-toward-obsolescence format — the newspaper — using it as subject matter, form or material.
He would not, however, win his first main draw match at a senior Grand Slam until the 2012 United States Open, qualifying and beating Bobby Reynolds.
She said that 31 percent said they had suffered from an eating disorder.
“London is not Siberia,” he said.
Ms. Applegate, the Newbery winner, said that she first was attracted to Ivan’s story two decades ago when she saw an article in The New York Times entitled “A Gorilla Sulks in a Mall as His Future Is Debated.” She cut out the article and put it in her ideas file and then followed Ivan’s life over the years after that.
It shows you how well they’ve been playing.” Even though their head start on the rest the league has shrunk, the Blackhawks are quick to point out that their early-season play will serve them well down the stretch and in the playoffs, particularly given the condensed season.
(Smith) ‘ October 18, 1977’ (through July 19) Taking Gerhard Richter’s shadowy 15-painting cycle about the imprisonment and demise of the Baader-Meinhof gang — a 1970s West German terrorist group — as inspiration, this group show, organized by Birgit Rathsmann, stands out from the breezier summer fare elsewhere in Chelsea.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 9.52 points to close at 13,973.39.
Years of working in a male-dominated world gave Ms. Siebert a thick skin, and she had a reputation for toughness.
The phrase is an amalgamation of four expressions commonly used — perhaps overused — in Communist Party language, often to describe public satisfaction with the party’s policies: None of these phrases would seem out of place on a Mao-era propaganda poster.
Matthew Hoffman, a project manager for HWKN, said his firm had not determined which materials to use for Skygrove.
Set the oil aside to cool.
They just played, and played well, and now will face the Boston Red Sox in an American League division series.
MediaWhiz had been a part of Hyper Marketing, which was recently acquired by the Epsilon unit of Alliance Data, but the acquisition did not include MediaWhiz.
D’Arnaud was moved to Las Vegas, partly to be close to the Mets during their West Coast trip, and he got valuable playing time there as the days passed and Buck remained with the team.
This year those artists are Nora Chipaumire, casebolt and smith, Netta Yerushalmy, Kyle Abraham and David Dorfman, all makers of luscious, space-gobbling movement.
Held at an ’80s-theme dance club in Midtown, it features celebrity impersonators who wander through the crowd handing out party favors (lollipops from Katy Perry, trucker hats from Justin Bieber) and taking turns at karaoke.
But would Alderson bring him back at an extremely reduced rate?
We may believe that we have come a long way since the days when anyone who was different was institutionalized.
His son, Ahmed, 26, had been working as a photographer for the Muslim Brotherhood’s Freedom and Justice party since the revolution.
Dec. 15, noon to 4 p.m. $5.
Meanwhile, with as little as 5 percent alcohol, Moscato d’Asti packs roughly the same punch as beer; Champagne contains around 12 percent, and many other wines now top 15 percent.
And since I have been forced to step out of my comfort zone to share my passions and my personality, I’ll do the same here.
Q. There’s a large window near my shower that’s covered by a temporary blind.
A friendly spot to join them is Augustiner Schwalbe (Schwanthalerstrasse 149), with a leafy courtyard, beers from Munich’s Augustiner brewery and an indoor lane for kegel, the German ninepin version of bowling (10 euros per hour).
The Kremlin is convinced that Putin is the best political player in Russia: He gets the most votes.
In that state, a relatively unknown insurer, Neighborhood Health Plan , captured a large market share.
“He wants to design something close to nature because his kitchen is close to natural projects.
Police officials from the coastal state of Goa in India were expected to question the magazine editor Tarun Tejpal on Sunday to investigate charges that Mr. Tejpal, a prominent anticorruption crusader, had sexually assaulted a staff journalist in a hotel elevator.
Fixed-income funds are where investors have traditionally looked for safety and low volatility, unlike stocks, and such precipitous moves are rare.
It has balletic qualities that go way beyond Stanley Kubrick’s “2001: A Space Odyssey,” with which it will inevitably be compared.
Yet this historic wooden treasure remains largely in the hands of those too young to drive or vote in Britain.
(Grode) ‘Katie Roche’ (in previews; opens on Feb. 25) To the extent that New York theatergoers know anything about the 20th-century Irish playwright Teresa Deevy, it is because of the Mint Theater.
It’s this changeful quality that makes her so dramatic.
Someone said they’d been doing a photo shoot.
A windswept corner of the industrial northwest coast of Staten Island is infamous as a dumping ground for toxic waste, a home to Mafia-related crime and perhaps even more notoriously, the location for an ill-fated attempt to build New York City’s first Nascar racetrack.
The players and coaches lined up alongside them as their names were announced — the loudest boos were reserved as always for the Mets’ medical staff.
All three are now established N.B.A.
It’s not a tennis ball; it’s not an IncrediBall that’s soft.
“It’s a big improvement from historical gunboat diplomacy,” said Edna Sussman, an arbitrator and mediator with experience in more than 100 international and other arbitrations.
Pay no attention to that minus sign!
You didn’t let them contain you and keep you down.” I swear I didn’t even know what the Pulitzer was when I watched him assemble the portfolio that would earn him journalism’s highest prize.
“Even if you have these new radio stations, I don’t expect much of a difference in terms of programming,” said Enrico Woolford, who runs a local independent television news station and is also a regular judge at calypso competitions.
The technology blog AllThingsD, which first reported that the device will not appear this year, noted that “aside from looking pretty, the Q didn’t do quite enough to warrant the hefty $300 price tag.” As my colleague Brian X. Chen reported this week , this year’s Google I/O conference, which starts Wednesday, will not show off many other new Google hardware products.
Lawns are at the bottom of what Tom Harrison, who is in the water business and is a director of the Central Texas Water Coalition , compares to a drug addiction, linking the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country — where people are being asked to conserve water — to downriver on the Texas Gulf Coast — where grass for their lawns is grown.
Brazos Bookstore, June 21, 7 p.m., runbrotherrun.com .
Press box announcement: Carlos Beltran left the game with a right rib contusion.
), and played with glowering ferocity by Birgit Huppuch, this figure is distinctly less amiable company.
in 2012 – and yes, that goes for young voters and Hispanic voters as well as the public as the whole.
Heavy rains and freezing conditions most likely contributed to the boulders becoming dislodged, Ms. Smith said.
Forty or 50 people were housed there with no furniture or beds, eating leftovers, enduring cold-hose group showers.
“It’s scary.” Dr. Keeling’s father, Charles David Keeling, began carbon dioxide measurements on Mauna Loa and at other locations in the late 1950s.
(He was accompanied by the city’s chief information officer, Kelly Corsette, who typed intently on a smartphone.
Wednesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.
Katie Couric, who lost her husband to colorectal cancer, had a colonoscopy on television that year, giving rise to what medical journals called the “Katie Couric effect”: prompting patients to demand the test.
Closer economic ties have had political side effects; the Harper administration now seems much more cautious in criticizing China’s human rights record.
This house is next to another contemporary; most of the other houses on the road are more traditional.
They dropped to 11-26 Sunday, a record that includes a stretch from November to December when Davis sat out with a stress reaction in his left ankle; the Hornets went 2-9 without him.
“We were silent and put our tongues in our mouths,” Mamdouh Hamza, a strident critic of the Islamists, said during a television interview.
“She’s having a hard time of it right now,” said Ms. Colon, pointing out that Ms. Jerido could use some new clothing in addition to everything else.
The disease, a bacterial infection of the membrane surrounding the brain and the spinal cord, can be effectively treated with antibiotics if detected early, although it can intensify quickly.
Primed with estrogen to simulate their state during breeding, female white-throated sparrows responded to the songs of male sparrows in the same way as humans listening to pleasant music, she said.
In the final two minutes of the second overtime, Georgetown overcame a 7-point deficit.
He was tempted by the devil.” It was just days after the news that Monsignor Wallin had been indicted on charges that he had been part of a cross-country drug ring, sold crystal meth and possibly laundered the profits through an adult sex toy and video shop he owned.
It’s journalists and politicians who owe us the truth.
The Southern poet Eleanor Ross Taylor wrote poems that, as Adrienne Rich described, “speak of the underground life of women.” In 2010, Ms. Taylor won the Poetry Foundation’s Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize, one of the most prestigious awards given to American poets.
She announced an inquiry into security policies at Macy’s, Barneys and 15 other major retailers in New York.
Writing on the election, a correspondent of the “Temps” says that he recently made the acquaintance of an American woman who has come to Paris specially to be present at the National Assembly, in order that she may compare French and American election methods.
Mr. Filin has been in the hospital since Jan. 17 after he was attacked with acid by a masked assailant.
We thought the toepad-deprived beach anole should be utterly different from any of the pad-enhanced island habitat specialists.
But I’d argue that attitude gives the whole industry a black eye.
I am, by the way, grateful to those commenters — thinking about the equivalence of the China-debt and deficit-interest fallacies nudged me into a better, simpler formulation of my NK model, which I’ll say more about in a few days.
Whatever you call it, it’s history: loaded evidence of a time, a place and an era-defining event that happened miles away from big-deal Manhattan.
But much remains the same: Djokovic is still No.
For at least its first hour, “Here Lies Love” refrains from telling us how and what to think about its characters.
Many of them have been visiting for more than a decade, but it’s hard getting used to these white-knuckle drives.
Kirk, to Kucinich, his now former House colleague: “You need some makeup, Dennis.
12 Photos View Slide Show › “I’m not afraid of the mining company,” said Ms. Hla, who was arrested during the protest last year.
To be honest, we don’t think or talk much about the M.L.S.
This and previous Java vulnerabilities have been widely targeted by attackers, and new Java vulnerabilities are likely to be discovered.” Oracle has not answered repeated requests for comment.
What’s touching is that this is far from melodramatic.
So, had East found an interesting ten from ten-five-doubleton or had West played the nine from nine-five-deuce?
It’d rather do paintings, and it becomes an insoluble problem.
She gazes back at me quizzically when I ask her who he was.
Still, there were signs of desperation.
The couple smash the fruit three times in a crusher.
The Writer Responds Professor Witkowski echoes the way the N.C.A.A.
Last year, the company did design a 40-story, 1.2-million-square-foot tower for the same site.
At the time of the Soviet breakup, the ratios were reversed: it was only about one-third Kazakh.
Good thinking , Daxton thinks.
REAL ESTATE The Hunt column last Sunday, about the search that Stephanie Budijono and Jean-Francois Kagy underwent to find their Carnegie Hill apartment, transposed two pictures.
But Parliament voted to delay the menthol ban by five years.
Most of the post-2014 force, as envisioned by American commanders, would be charged with training the Afghans; a smaller element would be made up of Special Operations forces focused on killing or capturing Al Qaeda’s operatives.
Luo has a child’s mind in a grown-up body.
The Steve Chapin Band, folk.
These days, to what extent will American audiences react to allusions to Montaigne, Kant, Stendhal and Benjamin Constant, whose novel “Adolphe” inspires the prank?
But later it emerged that perhaps she had.
Rory Sabbatini was the third player in the group, and on the 12th hole, García stroked the bushy beard of Sabbatini’s caddie to see if it was really soft enough for the caddie’s 3-month-old child to kiss without being scratched.
It had windows all around — too much exposure.” He split his time between New York and Switzerland.
Division sales fell 2 percent to $6.93 billion.
hall, which is also behind passport control.
He argued that the city had already ceded too much parkland to what he termed “corporate entities,” and called the stadium idea a “bad deal for New Yorkers.” • John C. Liu (D), who lives in Queens, has consistently opposed a stadium plan for the park, most recently at a candidates’ forum in June.
Nov. 2 at 8 p.m. $29 to $59.
“I can’t tell you how much I wish I had served with you,” Mr. Manchin said.
A third suicide bomber blew himself up at a tent that had been set up to provide services for the pilgrims, killing 14 and wounding 26, the police said.
Staff members at some treatment centers haven’t been paid in months, equipment is wearing out, and sanitary precautions are being abandoned.
EAST HILLS Sid Jacobson Jewish Community Center “Spirituality, the Self, Nature and Community,” group show.
Phillip Kirschen-Clark, the peripatetic chef who made waves at Vandaag, then left and showed up for several months at the clubby Demi Monde near Wall Street, has a new job.
Later a man who has played a central, equally puzzling role, becomes the victim, his body, attached to ropes, jerking helplessly as he is lashed from all sides.
MS. RUSSELL Many years ago.
HOW did this case, which began as a routine homicide, quickly evolve into a civil rights cause?
“Companies are getting sued every day and no one cares about it,” Mr. McCalmon said.
His Antenna series for Forestier (pendant version, shown) employs delicate metal wire, which was hand-woven to create subtle lighting screens.
“We don’t think that someone can commit an act like that for one reason,” Doueiri told me.
The slain innocents in the massacre in Newtown, Conn., changed that.
“There’s always something new popping up that you’ve never heard of,” he said in a phone interview.
So, the chance to audition where it was a lot lighter — I just thought, I’ll have a blast and it will be a complete departure from the play I am doing right now.
So many stories surfaced, none more popular than that of the neck roll.
And even then, not by much.
The first big break of Tyshawn Taylor’s career, one might say, arrived at a playground in Clearwater, Fla., when Taylor was 8, shooting hoops alone outside his housing complex.
Lipman has perfect pitch when it comes to the language of sisterhood.
So, if past is prologue, this current plateau will end at some point, too, and a new era of rapid global warming will begin.
At one police station in Sindh Province, officers erected an illegal power connection for their air-conditioners.
If calls from a different number are being made from the same location as calls by the number that was already known to be suspicious, having the entire database may be helpful in a way that subpoenas for specific numbers cannot match.
“She set in motion a very detailed and somewhat sophisticated fraud.” In sentencing Ms. Fisher, Judge Francis acknowledged a “lifetime of good works” but added that Ms. Fisher had “obtained compensation without board approval” and tried to hide that by means of a “mechanism designed to provide inaccurate information.” In addition to a year of probation, Judge Francis ordered that Ms. Fisher forfeit $170,659, which prosecutors said was the amount she received as a pay increase “pursuant to the false board documents.”
“My company was on the verge of bankruptcy,” said Mr. Sabzevari, who added that he had felt humiliated for the years he had to resort to printing anti-American propaganda.
The fossil record suggests that temperatures slightly warmer than today would not be enough to melt the ice caps entirely.
I’m scared of this and that.’ And I said, ‘Michelle, don’t go to the concert,’ ” she told the lieutenant.
But Collins said they wanted to give Matt Harvey and Zack Wheeler extra rest days as they approached their inning limits, leaving the possibility that Carlos Torres may start Friday.
tomorrow, as we zip through puzzle 7 and enter the finals.
In the eyes of Greece’s creditors, the country has fallen short too many times on pledges to cut government spending and revamp major areas of the economy that the outside experts say Greece requires if it is to move toward financial independence.
The Los Angeles school district will pay millions of dollars to settle dozens of legal actions in an abuse case in which a former teacher is charged with lewd acts on children over five years, district officials said Tuesday.
And they came to his home.” Mr. Todashev, a father of 12, said his son was with a friend, Khusen Taramov, when the agents arrived.
She gravitated toward working with her hands, she said, because of a learning disability that rendered her nearly illiterate, a secret she kept from her colleagues at Jones Beach until a few years ago, when she began taking classes to learn to read.
Handey-style absurdity provides a means of navigating without having to choose either of these unappealing options.
On several occasions during the summer of 2011, someone stole money from a farm stand that James P. Roman operated on his property in Madison County, N.Y.
It uses Nuance’s voice recognition program and Microsoft’s translation program but rolls over to Google’s system when Microsoft gets stumped.
But if the poor are dependent on the state, so, too, are America’s rich.
He could turn heads with a toothbrush trick, but as a player growing up in Wildwood Crest, N.J., along the Jersey Shore, Vogel lacked the size or quickness or athleticism to garner much attention otherwise.
And where there were Ramones, there was hope.
Of course, I could have written something similar last year, when UnitedHealth replaced Kraft Foods.
The top quality assets have to account for at least 45 percent of the liquid asset pool.
“It’s closing the barn door after the horse is gone,” Mr. Winslow said.
After shedding body fat, a move he credited with helping him win five worldwide titles in 2012, McIlroy has shrunk his circle of advisers to a bare-bones group of friends and family members.
Mr. Obama’s goal was to erode the business community’s intense opposition to federal legislation that would give the government oversight of how companies protect “critical infrastructure,” like banking systems and energy and cellphone networks.
There are thousands of people who live and work in Washington — people with high-powered jobs, the transient class, the chattering class, the politicos, the folks who watch (or are guests on) “Meet the Press.” They rotate in and out of the White House or spend years bouncing through various continents before settling into an N.G.O.
The crisis has produced deep unemployment and widespread discontent in Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Cyprus and Slovenia.
And I think it’s that simple.” Earlier in the day, in a statement released by Mr. de Blasio’s campaign, Mr. Obama said Mr. de Blasio’s platform of “progressive change” would make him “a great mayor.” He also cited three of Mr. de Blasio’s top priorities — financing prekindergarten education, making housing more affordable and preserving community hospitals.
“ They told me about restorative justice.
It wasn’t until the next day that I discovered that I had, in error, called Mo Williams of the Portland Trail Blazers.
There are others whose bar Christmases have more closely resembled George Bailey’s.
Mr. Smith joined Ms. Clarke on the stage for a full run-through.
Ferrer’s victory set up the first all-Spanish final at the French Open since 2002.
National Black Theater, 2031 Fifth Avenue, near 125th Street, East Harlem, (212) 722-3800, nationalblacktheatre.org.
Restoration plans are under way for a Gothic Revival mausoleum at the Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx that was built for the movement’s huge benefactor, Alva Vanderbilt Belmont.
Switzerland and Norway have neither and remain peaceful.
The groups were matched for maternal education and socioeconomic status, birth weight, length of gestation and maternal age.
Some were more brazen than others.
The cast of 12, directed by Alex Roe, is splendid.
Nikki Delhomme has met the costume design challenge with easily donned-and-doffed outfits and accessories that make the definition of character all the more distinct.
Knowing, for example, that Jim Jack had a wife and two kids made the situation more heartbreaking and distressing, simply because enough information was supplied to really care about the victims.
“Whenever you start a season, there’s always rust.
“Well, the Bible says God did it.
Changes in the military have reduced the army’s reserve of troops to 155,000, from about 625,000 just over a half-century ago.
“That’s when we were: arrested, searched, caged, questioned, interrogated, videotaped with a ‘Syrian terrorist,’ slapped, beaten, ridiculed, hot-boxed, refused phone calls, stripped, shaved bald, accused of being foreign mercenaries,” they wrote, adding: “They screamed ‘Canadian’ as they kicked and hit us.
They are buttressed by pullquotes like: “When you are younger, you dress for other people.
NEW HAVEN Artspace “Ficre Ghebreyesus: Polychromasia,” retrospective.
Swiss chard and ricotta ravioli with meat sauce Credit Gabriele Galimberti For Galimberti, this project was a way of deriving comfort from a demanding sojourn across five continents (on the trip, he also documented his couch surfing and created his best-known work, “ Toy Stories ,” which portrays children around the world with their favorite things.)
Among the incidents that have drawn criticism, the Register misled a client who wanted to check the provenance of a painting before he purchased it, telling him it was not stolen, when in fact it was, so that he would buy it and unwittingly help the company collect a fee for its retrieval.
Mr. Lamond once lived in a stately 8,000-square-foot 18th-century house that was stuffed, he said, “with many marvelous things.” Now divorced, and living in an apartment above his store in a 19th-century building in Connecticut, he has taken a maximalist’s approach to his pied-à-terre.
Such loans are generally the most unfavorable to borrowers and the most likely to default, Mr. Gluckstern said.
Her style is neither academic nor sensationalized, but boosterish: The Fugs were “shaking things up”; Andy Warhol created “a stunning new form of visual truth”; Bob Dylan was “a powerful force for change.” Her measured tone, even when reporting about orgies, drugs and murders, gives her a quiet authority and the soothing vibe of shepherd to an acid trip.
When one dismissed customer swore never to return, Mrs. How replied that that promise “affords me the greatest possible relief.” As Harry Williams-Bulkeley, a senior director at Christie’s in London, said in a phone interview, “She could be quite acerbic.” Mrs. How, who died in 2004 at 89, kept 45 ancient spoons and a fork in her private collection.
Mr. Hill’s contributions to the local arts scene include service as chairman of the board of Lincoln Center Theater and a trustee at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
You’re worth it.” It says something more like, “Who are you?
That will help the Rangers stay under the cap when it goes down by more than 9 percent next season.
Instead, it is a parable about the law of unintended consequences.
De Mille of opera, corralled Mr. Pirgu for “Don Giovanni” at the 15,000-seat Roman arena in Verona, the first Mozart ever mounted in that anti-Mozartean space.
Their publication, he said, adds to the suffering of victims’ families.
■ When should I consider an urgent care clinic?
Looking closer at the areas of spillage, viewers will find they have been delicately altered.
Medlyn had commissioned Krieger to execute his portrait as Michael Jackson for the finale of his eight-year-long Pop Star Series, in which he reinterprets the work of stars like Prince and Britney Spears.
And then better to buy your food from a supplier who admits it.
There, Zachary met one of his school’s cooks, and got some insight into her thinking.
Along with thousands of others, I have joined a campaign by Avaaz , an international advocacy group, calling on Africa’s leaders to stay in the I.C.C.
Not his work, but that of people with day jobs.
JONES-DREW SITS OUT Jacksonville running back Maurice Jones-Drew was held out of practice as a precaution after his foot swelled up Wednesday morning.
Web site said, “it is important to view this in context and not be reeled in by fishy headlines.” What do you think?
Opening CICCIO Giacomo Romano, a chef from Florence, Italy, and his girlfriend, Sam Leung, an architect, have opened this whitewashed brick-walled spot for Florentine specialties.
As hopes dimmed, Mr. Haider’s family began asking hunters and oil workers to look out for shallow graves.
I simply vote with my dollars to promote what I consider better.
The funds are to be used in areas controlled by the Syrian opposition coalition to improve education, sanitation and security.
NEW CANAAN New Canaan Historical Society “Germain G. Glidden: Artist and Athlete.” Through Feb. 2.
Mine That Bird was making up ground at a staggering pace, as he had done in the Derby.
The Naval Academy case stems from a 2012 “yoga and toga” off-campus party near the academy in Annapolis, Md., where the woman, then a 20-year-old sophomore, arrived intoxicated and continued to drink, she said.
In this sixth installment of answers, Mr. Kantrowitz responds to questions about hiring a professional to complete the Fafsa, sending the form to additional schools, what to do if a divorced parent refuses to support their child’s college education, and whether wealthy parents should complete the Fafsa.
Free of the social uncertainty that plagued the Roman faith in the largely Protestant United States, the majority Catholic nations of Latin America seemed to have reached an accord between the pious and the practical.
And I for one have learned to live with that.” ‘Imagining Madoff’ By Deb Margolin Played at Stageworks/Hudson, Theater J and other regional theaters; slated to open at New Repertory Theater outside Boston in 2014 PLOT The jailed financier debates philosophy and ethics with Solomon Galkin, a poet and Holocaust survivor.
Past releases can be explored in their online archives.
She died a few months later, alone in her apartment, with the same fierce independence with which she had lived.
For that farm dinner, I headed 120 miles west (driving long distances burns calories, right?)
Mario the Magician (Sunday) Looking to create amusement as well as amazement, Mario the Magician performs slapstick-inspired routines and has an avian sidekick: a dove named Mozzarella.
If so, their carbon footprint will be huge.
Extra point As Bernie Miklasz wrote last month at STLToday.com, the Rams-Redskins trade is a complicated one to evaluate .
My friends and I were talking about treadmill desks — the desks you combine with an exercise machine so that you can walk while you work.
But last year, the garden’s growers, which supply more than 20,000 plants for the sale, were seeing so many diseased plants in greenhouses and gardens that they decided not to offer Impatiens walleriana or any of its hybrids at this year’s sale later this month.
The most important is that we don’t experience life by encountering just one person or one event.
She received an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business in 1997 before returning to Goldman that year in the principal investment area.
In September, an insurgent killed another Zadran elder as he prayed in a mosque in Khost City.
Meeting Hank Aaron, he said, was another thrill.
That was a year after he bought the team and cut ties with Tom Landry and Tex Schramm, the only coach and general manager the team had known.
It would be nice if it could be in the same neighborhood as Huys.
PORT WASHINGTON “Moonlight Cocktail,” tribute concert featuring Andrea Marcovicci, cabaret.
Structurally, “Grimly Handsome” is an intertwined triptych, the shifts in frame signaled by movements of Jason Simms’s deft set and costume changes undertaken by its three fine actors, who will be happily familiar to New York theatergoers: Jenny Seastone Stern, Pete Simpson and Ben Williams.
He seems to regard members of the American establishment like Oprah Winfrey, Colin Powell, Jay-Z, Alice Waters and Sam Walton as soulless, hypocritical, pathetic or opportunistic.
Home prices in January were 8.1 percent higher than a year earlier and mortgage delinquencies in the fourth quarter, which ended Dec. 31, fell to their lowest level since 2008.
Now it’s a lushly landscaped, beautiful area, but it’s an area where prices inexcusably doubled between 2005 and 2007, loaded up with Bear Stearns and Lehman dice.
And while you could argue that the N.C.A.A.
At least 13 have received prison sentences.
“The more Roosevelt risked on initiatives for Jews,” they note, “the less he thought he could carry Congress and the public with him on broad issues of foreign policy.” Appearing too “pro-Jewish” could jeopardize the mobilization process.
“Equally important, U.S. businesses and our economy suffer because of the omission of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender families from the bill introduced last week.” Several Republican members of the bipartisan group have explicitly said that adding such protections would doom the legislation.
“What makes the difference is not being given money but the advice when you need it.” In Kansas City, Ms. Watson last month attended a seminar on financial statements and borrowing as she learns to manage her business, which uses an event space called the Promise in the city’s crossroads arts district.
To accommodate Howard’s desire for most post-up chances, the Rockets will have to change part of what made their offense so difficult to contain last season.
“Machine learning says, ‘I know these data are sloppy, but fortunately there’s a lot of it,’ ” Dr. Fitzpatrick said.
Coin-operated airport lockers still are available at some airports abroad, but they mostly disappeared at domestic airports after a terrorist explosion in a locker at La Guardia in 1975 killed 11 and injured more than 70.
“It’s a tough life for a kid,” she says.
But Mr. Healey has called for a character who is more than just a simpleton, one who always leaves you suspecting that there is potential behind the eyes.
You joined YouSendIt with a mandate to turn it around.
Founded in a matter of months last summer by a group of Italian economists, mostly university professors abroad, it has garnered 100,000 members and injected tough-economic-love messages into the electoral debate.
“Arts organizations are faced with financial challenges that don’t seem to get smaller, they get larger,” Mr. Gelb said.
The idea was to improve the availability of credit to businesses and households.
At the Little Bighorn Battlefield, in Montana, volunteers have used their metal-detecting machines to pinpoint artifacts, whose position rewrote the story of Custer’s Last Stand.
With a day off in between, there was an opportunity for redemption.
Steve: I just ran around, following the route numbers, and I knew I was on the right road, but somehow I was lost.
The state’s prison population, which had grown exponentially, has been stable or declining since 2007; and violent crime has decreased at the same time.
They waited two to three weeks after the first edit was submitted to the censorship board, and then they came back with the two pages.
“He has to get a little bit more assertive.
KILLINGWORTH The Four Seasons Plus Summer Concert.
It was interesting to see firsthand the contradictory nature of the Chinese government as described by Mr. Kristof, in that the use of drugs here, while illegal, is commonplace and Web sites we consider harmless, like Facebook, are restricted from the public.
She emphasized that his passion did not translate into partisanship.
As a drama, it’s slow, but it is so laden with sudden effects — whiplash movements and lighting that transforms each dancer from a silhouette into athree-dimensional person — that it stays tense.
Crimes are no longer to be punished by the righteous gunfighter but by law.
With clouds of steam rising at dusk on Saturday, the vast refinery on the Schuylkill traced an industrial skyline, its towers shimmering with so many lights.
TESTED 2014 Nissan GT-R Premium WHAT IS IT?
You have to look much harder, and down a hallway, to find a picture of the current owner, the one whose dollars financed that lavish building, the one who is quietly accompanying the Ravens to the Super Bowl here this week.
Afternoon Delight Sitting above the water on a stilted deck on Harbor Island, C Level (880 Harbor Island Drive; cohnrestaurants.com ) looks across the San Diego bay to the Naval ships at Coronado, downtown’s towering skyline and the tall ships at the Maritime Museum.
Sotheby’s had sold the painting at auction in New York five years ago, to Larry Gagosian, the super dealer, for $14.6 million.
You may also follow Booming via RSS here or visit nytimes.com/booming .
The subcommittee is also known to be looking at Google, Hewlett-Packard, Microsoft and firms in such fields as biotechnology.
The Obama administration unveiled its “European Phased Adaptive Approach” in 2009 with the goal of deploying increasingly capable SM-3 missile interceptors in anticipation that Iran would develop missiles with increasingly longer ranges.
Their outrages send these people into the woods — what they do to their relatives, the fact that they torture them, they mock them.
After bitter, repeated assaults against Stonewall Jackson’s forces at Manassas on Aug. 29 and 30, Pope’s Army of Virginia was driven from the field.
Though all these are worthy ideas, the ban on “foam-based food service products” could make an immediate difference.
In the winter of 1979, the writer and editor Daniel Okrent invented WHIP (called “innings pitched ratio” at the time) in conjunction with a game he created to enable fans to assess player performance.
Instead of bringing an end to the occupation, and liberation for Palestinians, the accords allowed Israel to prevent the creation of a Palestinian state based on the pre-1967 borders.
Or does the simultaneous emergence of two new diseases suggest something more dire?
I find myself then in a car where many languages are spoken, rarely French, and where one never hears the twangy tones of excited American tourists.
“Just like he arrived,” she added, “he then disappeared.” One day after Mr. Zygier, a 34-year-old father of two, was identified by an Australian television report as Israel’s mysterious Prisoner X, Israel released its first official acknowledgment of the case, lifting a news media blackout of more than two years, and the Australian foreign minister ordered an investigation into his government’s handling of the detention and death.
Why do these people run Russia, they say.” The proposals are bound to raise eyebrows in the West, but they are actually driven by domestic politics, analysts said.
We got our cue and we just kept going, because no one else knew what to do.” Mr. Hastings was unaware that the news was already blacking out the first half of his scene.
Still, there should be a “Fans Only” sign at the door of every theater.
It hurt to drive a car.
Many of the women in the post said in interviews that they would not have joined one that was monopolized by men.
As the town’s well-maintained houses give way to unpainted mountain cabins, James’s heart leaps with joy.
As workers get a closer look at other underwater tunnels, surveys of duct banks, manholes and cable splices continue to uncover signs of wide-scale deterioration.
Since then, however, advertising has plummeted.
RIVERDALE Elisa Contemporary Art “A Toy Story and Other Delights,” group show.
During his lifetime, Shakespeare was ridiculed for this unexpected turn in his work.
Mr. Galley conceded there was no guarantee that the discounts on these funds, or closed-end funds in general, would not grow even wider.
“There may be certain cases,” it has concluded , “where heightened accountability or acceptance of responsibility through the defendant’s admission of misconduct may be appropriate, even if it does not allow us to achieve a prompt resolution.” I am not sure that the critics are right to insist on these sorts of public admissions, and I am glad that the S.E.C.
Mr. Brown, a 13-year veteran of Goldman, became the head of the group in 2011, succeeding Richard Ruzika.
After all the weirdness and wackiness at this Wimbledon, the men’s final Sunday will be the one most people expected: No.
The housing collapse has left large sections of communities boarded up.
“Overcoming individualism and rivalry is a humble and precious sign for those who have distanced themselves from the faith or who are indifferent.” Earlier, an equally enthusiastic crowd greeted Benedict at his weekly audience at the Vatican.
Mr. Sampson and the other official resigned.
“I was like, ‘Man, I want to go to Florida.
Choose a fine stone, and you’ll always be proud of it, no matter what its size.” (The final “c” stood for carats.)
Despite oil companies’ relentless search for new finds, and the technological sophistication that has brought once-inaccessible reservoirs within reach, some analysts question predictions of a rush to the Arctic.
“For its time, it was very advanced,” Frances Allen, a retired I.B.M.
That’s because, as Professor Picker explained, if one prisoner has confessed, the best the other can hope for is also to confess and get the moderate sentence rather than the harsher sentence reserved for those who don’t cooperate.
But N.Y.U.’s board of trustees has always stood behind Dr. Sexton, over the years raising his salary to nearly $1.5 million from $773,000 and scheduling a $2.5 million “length of service” bonus, to be paid in 2015.
Community colleges have received a declining share of government spending on higher education over the last decade even as their student bodies have become poorer and more heavily African-American and Latino, according to a report to be released Thursday.
When Hefner takes the mound, often in front of much smaller crowds, the focus is still usually on the younger, more accomplished Harvey.
On Friday, its market share was 10.3 percent.
But that doesn’t mean they’ll be single forever.
Today, social protections from health insurance to old-age pensions have been eroded, leaving the elderly increasingly on their own.
The only trees remaining had no bark and no leaves.
A year later, he moved to Denver for a job, which helped them separate.
Ms. Yingluck and her government have gone out of their way to avoid confrontation with the protesters.
“I never wanted those summers to end,” Mr. Culp said.
Disaster relief is an expression of social solidarity with victims, not a sophisticated method of transferring responsibility for sustaining religious institutions from the collection plate to the tax collector, the core point of separating church and state.
Aside from that, this game will be forgotten quickly — thankfully — with the start of the final round of World Cup qualifying starting next week.
But you could double that distance, to 150 miles, and still be within a reasonable drive to an area with potentially less expensive cars.”At least, drive two hours,” he said.
“He should preach according to the Gospel and stop insulting me!” he shouted in Twi.
“This can never happen again.”
He is Phil and Kay’s eldest son, Alan, a minister who performed the wedding.
Mr. Tinterow said he plans to install the artworks against a backdrop of life-size photographic elevations of the rooms in Houghton to “create almost the perfect illusion.” While it is too early to predict whether the show will draw crowds, the National Gallery of Art attracted nearly one million visitors over four months in 1985 when it presented “Treasure Houses from Britain,” 800 works of art and objects, dating from across five centuries, from English country houses.
The incident served as the basis for a novel by Judith Rossner that was published in 1975 and for a film that was released in 1977.
Other times I expect to win big, as when I create a colorful make-your-own taco salad bar, and then he takes nothing but tortilla chips.
Phoenix, for instance, which has had strong investor interest, showed an increase of more than 22 percent year-over-year, a pace reminiscent of the real estate bubble.
I climb over the neighbor’s fence.
“These are ordinary people having an ordinary day in what for them is an ordinary town.” Yet a short crawl has taken him “farther away from home than I’ve ever been.” Soon some threatening teenagers realize he is from the wrong side of the wall.
Kids play spring ball in high school, which after four years is like a fifth season.
The comptroller possesses the bearing and subtlety of a linebacker.
He traced the illnesses to particulates in the air.
“He fits that category for us.” Wright had been dealing with hamstring soreness before he pulled up limping while running out an infield single Friday in the 10th inning of a 2-2 game.
As universal as the themes in “The Odyssey” are, there might be some that personally resonate more with me: leaving, and not knowing exactly how it’s going to go, or who you’re going to run into, or what problems are going to arise.
The country is in the midst of a mining boom that has lured thousands of young workers into resource-related fields, leaving tourism, manufacturing and many other sectors of the Australian economy short of skilled labor.
I was lucky enough to be surrounded with good people who were pushing me to work hard, and this is how it happened.” There were foreign backers, too, including the management company ProServ whose representatives spotted Tipsarevic at a junior tournament and gave him funding.
“He often felt that outsiders used very simple metaphors to judge Hong Kong.
Following a military raid on a gas facility in Algeria, where a heavily armed group of Islamist militants took dozens of workers hostage, the Irish government confirmed on Thursday that a man from Belfast who had been part of the group taken captive was freed.
MILFORD Halloween Owl Prowl, evening bird walk.
Any impulse to criminalize steroids in the name of player safety is absurd (collision sports are more dangerous than the illegal drugs used within them).
I do have to agree with you about the sequester.
Why don’t you and I sit down and talk?” According to Woodson, Ford said, “There are a lot of coaches who want to sit and talk to me about a job.” To which Woodson repeated, “I am not like most guys.” Yes, a long-term, mutual-respect relationship was somehow forged out of that conversation, though neither man would have expected as much at the time.
It’s 1:14 a.m. on a Sunday in Harlem and all I can think about is the viscosity of liquids in comparison with the amount of frustration I’m going through.
“Women watch themselves being looked at.” It’s a formulation that may not work for all men and all women, as many feminist film theorists have argued.
Some American lawmakers worry that a pathway to citizenship could encourage illegal immigration, but in some parts of Mexico there seem to be few people left to come.
But the new data show that such visits rose again in 2010 and reached a record in 2011.
“It’s a great feeling to have that I’m doing something for them,” Miller said at the time.
Try to do everything.” Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski said he considered Parker “a natural.” “He has to learn how to use all that even better,” Krzyzewski said.
True and eventually paid outside attorneys $16 million to help it reach an agreement to send to Rome more than three dozen objects — far more than the Italians had asked for in the first place.
Surely the success of Lena Dunham and her HBO series, “Girls,” or of the novelist Sheila Heti indicates an interest in doing things that are smarter and grittier than designing clothes or being a fashion editor.
The White House declined to comment on personnel policy.
Drain and purée the chiles, which are then softened, in the blender with the tomatoes, onions and garlic.
Mexico last hosted a grand prix at the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in 1992.
His father then abandoned the family, and Jackson’s mother became, as he described her in an unpublished play, “a creature of sighs and bewilderment.” Jackson would later blame his mother for both his alcoholism and his homosexuality.
Moments later, following a very loud explosion close to the camera, students run for cover and a much larger plume can be seen above the building.
BRAVES 6, WHITE SOX 4 Brian McCann hit a three-run homer in the sixth inning to break open a tie game, and visiting Atlanta beat Chicago.
The shortcuts through space and time called wormholes.
Despite the improved terms, some county residents are still so angry about the debacle that the proposed concessions are not enough.
Do you feel a shift in momentum, that “Breaking Bad” has become the dominant series of the two?
“We know we will not change this overnight,” she added, but her perspective as a member of the target audience of “the modern Latino” ought to prove valuable.
The performance — scheduled for only one night, with a second added on Sunday because of public demand — was called “You’re Causing Quite a Disturbance,” after a line spoken by a glib male voice during an interlude on “New Amerykah.” Mr. Hearne wrote material to complement six tracks from the record — “Amerykhan Promise,” “The Healer,” “Soldier,” “Master Teacher,” “Twinkle” and “Me” — as well as four interludes and compositions in themselves.
Weekdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
“People are watching out for each other’s kids.
Not exactly the news that most mayoral aides are eager to share with their boss.
By contrast, the Golden Globe for best dramatic motion picture has only matched with the Oscar winner about half the time.
In November 2012, more than 110 people workers died in a fire at Tazreen Fashions, and, in April this year, more than 1,100 lost their lives in the collapse of Rana Plaza, a nine-story building that housed several garment factories.
Glaad , formerly known as the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, and other rights groups as well as internal advocates said that allowing openly gay youths would be a step in the right direction, but only that.
Walls’s pink-tutu dress catches fire, and her stomach, ribs and chest are badly burned.
She died in 1924, when she was roughly 64, after apparently poisoning herself with Chinese hair dye.
“The people of Texas are informed that in accordance with a proclamation from the Executive of the United States, all slaves are free,” General Granger read — two and a half years after the Emancipation Proclamation.
Releford and center Jeff Withey combined for 20 points in the first 8 minutes 24 seconds of the second half, making 10 of 11 field-goal attempts, as top-seeded Kansas (31-5) advanced to the South Region Round of 16 in Arlington, Tex.
Remove phones, television, iWhatevers and other superfluous stimulation from the homework area.
Umami Burger started with a single shop in Los Angeles in 2009.
It is hard to imagine the same fate for Williams.
“Just keep it hush-hush because I can’t give one to everyone,” Officer Valle wrote, adding that he could make no guarantees, but that the card was “like a free pass for a minor traffic violation.” A prosecutor, Randall W. Jackson, told Judge Paul G. Gardephe out of the presence of the jury that the card was the kind of ploy Officer Valle used to gain addresses and other personal data from potential victims.
In Baghdad, one journalist, Halem Hassan, said that after reporting on corruption recently he was visited at his home by an official whom he had written about and whose bodyguard threatened to kill him if he continued.
But even as those other families sold out to moneyed interests, it always seemed a safe assumption that the Grahams would continue to find a way to exercise a certain kind of stewardship over Washington.
From the few details in the e-mail, I was confident that I could at least give her some moral support — and at best maybe some suggestions.
Arinc received our list of demands and said they would assess it,” said the spokesman, Tayfun Kahraman.
“I also suggested to our members today that any immigration reform bill that is going to go into law ought to have a majority of both parties’ support if we’re really serious about making that happen, and so I don’t see any way of bringing an immigration bill to the floor that doesn’t have a majority support of Republicans,” Mr. Boehner said at a news conference after meeting with House Republicans.
When the concert ended, many audience members, joined before long by the performers, lingered on the dock to enjoy the weather and the views.
The beach and hectic night life were certainly attractions.
Consider one of the best of his lesser-known movies, “It Should Happen to You” (playing Tuesday and Wednesday).
THE largest independent media services agency in advertising is expanding its purview again, this time into the booming field of health and wellness marketing.
This time it is the U.N.E.P.
Winner also made movies with Anthony Hopkins and Burt Lancaster.
The forgery problem helps account for the soaring number of payment defaults.
As potential newcomers say no, old-timers say goodbye, in numbers greater than before .
Thomas has been out since March 19 because of a broken right foot.
Warehouse owners and the departing chief executive of the London market, Martin Abbott, have contended that complaints over long lines are unjustified, arguing there is no shortage of metal.
Bank of America also promoted Chet Bozdog as the other co-head of the group.
These race transcenders refuse to self-racialize, while being fully conscious of the fact that they are and have been racialized by others since the Constitution mandated the census, making racialization legal and compulsory beginning in 1790.
But his last job before leaking classified documents about N.S.A.
They lead the division at 8-6, with Green Bay (7-6-1) and Detroit (7-7) trying to stay in the race.
The new terminal is slick and gleaming white, identical to many airport terminals, except perhaps for the smell of cheese wafting from a remarkably well-laden dairy section in the Buy Paris duty-free store.
An art restorer repaired the canvas without, apparently, diminishing its value.
The S.& P. 500-stock index rose 9.84 points, or 0.56 percent, to 1,771.95, the latest in a series of record closes.
For the French nation in 1790, the Guard was no less the authentic representative of the popular will than, say, Jimi Hendrix (wearing red, white and blue) riffing on the Star-Spangled Banner was the authentic expression of Woodstock Nation.
“He keeps improving, and he has always maintained a level head — I respect that,” Tavares said.
PIE GUY You can’t visit Naples, the birthplace of pizza, without eating at least one pie.
The doctor, whose clinic is situated in an upscale residential area, treated more than 200 cases of typhoid fever in the first week of September.
SUNDAY, AUG. 25 A lazy day.
Summitt announced in 2011 that she had early-onset dementia.
And Franklin’s success seems to motivates Neal.
The lawsuit filed against JPMorgan highlights several examples in which JPMorgan officials expressed concerns about Mr. Madoff’s business.
When I next saw him, he acted as though nothing had happened.
In court testimony later filed in his delinquency claim, he said that he had received a $1.5 million advertising contract from the new government to promote tourism in Cuba, and that Mr. Castro had signed off on it.
But many poor countries have too much emigration.
Even as Europe’s newfound sense of financial calm continues, the hawks who watch government debt — ratings agencies, global regulators and bond lawyers — are starting to focus on what they consider the underreported financial obligations of countries like Slovenia, Malta and others.
It mingles performances from the benefit with backstage glimpses of Mr. McCartney (who was supposed to have joined Mr. Weinstein on Sunday, but scratched), Billy Joel, Chris Rock, Adam Sandler, Mick Jagger, Bruce Springsteen and dozens of other who joined in raising at least $50 million for storm victims through the December concert.
State Theater, 15 Livingston Avenue.
Decades later, its flaws are evident.
Naipaul, a Nobel Prize laureate.
And the American airports in smaller markets along the border, like Buffalo, Bellingham, Wash., and Plattsburgh, N.Y., are on a building spree to handle the increased traffic.
“It was pretty rough this morning,” he said, adding, “The club feels like it weighs 60 pounds, and it was just hard work to get anything moving.” Stricker said he was less surprised by Stenson’s stellar form than by the rest of the field’s sluggishness.
Industry workers say that they need to use real weapons for verisimilitude, that it would be impractical to try to manufacture fake weapons that could fire blanks, and that the entertainment industry should not be penalized accidentally by a law intended as a response to mass shootings.
“I want to wake up from this,” Tamara told Mr. Stoner.
player and a cousin of Shaquille O’Neal’s.
“What if they ask you to take a bite first?” Cutting the apple with a knife that has poison on only one side, he said excitedly, might just do the trick.
The enhancements are pretty minor.
The junior DeShaun Thomas, who averages 19.6 points a game, has led Ohio State this season.
But the booths were comfortable and invited leisurely dining, and the servers were quick with water refills (though one of them accidentally topped off our glasses of sparkling water with tap water).
But the San Esteban Mining Company, which controlled the mine, continued to attract workers with higher-than-average salaries, although the work was known to be perilous.
The government is also seeking the forfeiture of $175,463 in ill-gotten gains, along with $62,858.03 in interest.
“We are blaming them for this attack and praising the brave action of our policemen that halted it and saved the lives of many innocent people.” President Hamid Karzai had left Afghanistan on Sunday to attend a forum for Islamic countries in Qatar.
Scott and Sage’s parents, who are divorced, have cast a wary eye to their children’s books, which reveal all manner of embarrassing childhood traumas and family secrets.
A factory employee in Shanghai bludgeoned a colleague to death and shot dead five other people in a spasm of violence apparently set off by a business dispute, the city’s police authority said Sunday.
Among them is one of only two known drawn self-portraits, an exterior view of the famous “ Yellow House ” in the French city of Arles and a landscape that the artist completed in Auvers-sur-Oise, near Paris, a few months before he committed suicide there.
And the decision to close Parameter, which was not mentioned in the indictment, could foreshadow other defections.
Jonathan M. Tisch, chairman of Loews Hotels and Resorts, a co-owner of the New York Giants and co-chairman of the host committee for the 2014 Super Bowl, said the refurbished Regency would reopen next January, in time “to work out any bugs prior to the Super Bowl.” Industry experts expect major renovations at New York hotels to continue well beyond this year, as new hotels open and create even more competition for the incumbents: NYC & Company, the city’s marketing and tourism organization, estimates that 16,000 new rooms will be added by 2016, raising total inventory in all five boroughs to 110,000 rooms.
“The crimes of the two young men must not be the justification for prejudice against Muslims and against immigrants.
6 player in the world, faced a tricky situation against Hikaru Nakamura , an American who is No.
When you have the addresses added, move the mouse cursor over the plus (+) button in the bottom toolbar and click the Insert Invitation icon, which looks like a tiny calendar.
said, is to ensure “a smooth transition for Americans who use traditional phone service and for the businesses that provide it.” But as far as Mr. Flihan and others in New Jersey are concerned, that transition from a reliable service — one that has given them a sense of security all their lives — is not smooth at all.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
Plus, said Chris Valens, an authority spokesman, “there is simply not enough funding in the Port Authority or F.A.A.
But steady has never been quite enough to win in the season-ending, 10-race playoff Chase.
Daniel said he has been traveling the past month with the backpack, one of the four designs that are available at illesteva.com , some of which will be for sale at Barneys New York early next month.
When my group of six floated over to others, who were already out on the reef, I told them all to put their ears in the water.
We should give up Catholicism en masse, if only for a time.
I met mine just the other week.
Le Drian told Europe 1 radio that one cache uncovered in the Ametetai valley included heavy arms, material for improvised explosive devices and suicide bomb belts.
To restore a free market that benefits consumers, we should amend the 1998 act to allow consumers to take their mobile devices from one carrier to another without fear of criminal prosecution or civil fines.
“It’s just complete devastation,” he said, before yelling after his children, who were walking into the ruin.
With Mr. Obama’s popularity waning, many party officials also want to try to clear the field for the former first lady in 2016.
In New York City, the type of manufacturing that takes place generally does not demand giant, floor-shaking robots, but for companies that do work with heavier equipment, the considerable size of the machines is a major concern.
also expects to issue new guidance to doctors monitoring patients who have received all-metal hips.
The judge stated: Given the language and purpose of the rules, it is plain to the Court that Proposal No.
Our plan the first day was not to kill the beast but to follow him, to observe his home and habits, to see the evil that he did and maybe get in his face.
Indeed, the topic of male doulas frequently draws skepticism — and sometimes biting criticism — in online discussion groups.
If a computer is telling them where to sit for class discussions, will they make those random connections that lead to lifelong friends?
The intention is to train students in techniques to preserve their artistic heritage once they return home, Mr. Eychaner told The Art Newspaper in an interview .
Within weeks, Mr. Cuccinelli made his second purchase of stock, adding 3,600 shares of Star Scientific at $2.80.
The team even maintains a stadium lounge for fans who prefer to watch games other than the Jaguars’.
Standard Chartered , based in London, agreed to pay a total of $667 million in two separate money-laundering claim settlements in August and December.
Everywhere Radcliffe looked, on tiny side streets opening out to the water, on lacy balconies overhead, people were crammed in close, screaming his name — “Donyell!
Mr. Putin called the adoption ban an appropriate retaliation for an American law that seeks to punish Russians accused of violating human rights.
Rifle pits were laid out haphazardly and thinly held, and artillery batteries so recklessly placed that they could not lower their cannon tubes enough to fire on attackers climbing the ridge.
I am a big believer that there is no need to forego gluten unless you are truly gluten intolerant; indeed, nutritionists are concerned that a gluten-free diet can be lacking in essential nutrients and digestive enzymes.
“But I just couldn’t do nothing.”
The concert opened with the String Quartet No.
Mr. Gowdy referred questions about the immigration debate to the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia.
“Then I transferred my class.
What Jack does know is magic.
“David Bowie Is,” a major retrospective of the British singer’s career and cultural influence , which opens at the Victoria and Albert Museum on Saturday , has sold over 42,000 advance tickets, more than double the amount generated by any previous exhibition at the museum.
It has to be under the government control because it is the government which is responsible for Parliament.
Critics tagged his league Conference USA 2.0 and Conference We’ll Take Anyone.
“These are the things that make people’s politics insignificant to me,” Waltrip wrote in a text message.
Anthony Herrera died in 2011 from cancer.
A few minutes pass and the sitting woman reaches out with the soda.
We are also going to stop filing the Gun Report on Saturdays.
Readers may recall David Kocieniewski’s article about Ronald S. Lauder , an heir to the Estée Lauder fortune with a net worth of more than of $3 billion.
This time it was a town east of the city called Fallis.
“When I look at it, my grandparents came here from St. Kitts, from the Caribbean.
Among Hollywood’s players, there has been no shortage of theories about the omissions from the Oscar list of directing nominees.
And it worked.” Mr. Kelly attributed the success to “public outreach, forensic investigation and old-fashioned pavement pounding.” Every year on the anniversary of Anjelica’s death, police officers would fan out across New York City, to post fliers, visit old addresses and talk to neighbors and relatives.
A pair of conference tournament finalists in No.
Three senators — Dianne Feinstein of California, Carl Levin of Michigan and John McCain of Arizona — have publicly criticized “Zero Dark Thirty” because they believe it sent a message that torture was an effective tool in the hunt for Bin Laden.
— Tanya Abrams This is the part of your college search that does not have a lot of specific deadlines.
But the referee called a touch and Italy went on to save four match points.
That’s one way, at least, to explain what makes them still so mysteriously gripping.
I don’t think it will be an issue.
But Internet tax fairness, as its proponents call it, is not necessarily a battle between liberals and conservatives, although more conservatives tend to oppose it.
The cause was ovarian cancer, her publisher, Random House Children’s Books, said.
Chad Kolton, spokesman for Data Trust, did not reply to repeated e-mail and phone requests for detailed information about Data Trust, except for the following e-mail: DT (Data Trust) headed by former RNC chair Mike Duncan.
That will divide the anti-immigration groups from the business groups (conventional wisdom underestimates how hard it is going to be for Republicans to back comprehensive reforms).
Amy’s uncle pleaded guilty to one count of rape and two counts of child sexual abuse in state court and was sentenced to the minimum for each one, adding up to 12½ years in prison.
“We had it specifically mapped out, and we would buy it and put it on ice in industrial-strength coolers given to us by the lab, and ship it out.” All told, Mr. Millman and his mother, Ann Marks, gathered 213 samples of chicken drumsticks from supermarkets, butcher shops and specialty stores in the New York area.
“Only certain processing plants in Italy meet the U.S.D.A.
really doesn’t want you dabbling in the reality business by reading about the heap of trouble the Browns owner Jimmy Haslam is in with an F.B.I.
Throughout his career, Smith’s game has been defined by exquisite exhibitions of skill and athleticism mixed with equal measures of average play.
They didn’t declassify it until, I believe, 1997 or so.
Naturally, he took the loss.
Taken together, analysts said, the data painted a picture of an economy that is ticking along with perhaps a little less gusto than in the past few months, but much more robustly than at the start of this year.
Along with many other artists at the time Shostakovich faced constant censorship and scrutiny, his music denounced as “formalist” by the Soviet authorities and banned on several occasions.
Business filings show Mr. Lichfield is also a manager at Octwell.
A graduate of Wellesley College and Harvard Business School, she left Goldman Sachs in 1992 to focus on raising five children with her husband, Mikael Salovaara, a former partner at the investment bank.
It was about four years after we got married that she was pregnant.
An ample-bodied drag queen (stage name: Flotilla DeBarge) declared that “just because it’s gay doesn’t mean it thinks our way.” But perhaps nobody summed up the evening’s raw emotion and risqué tone better than John Cameron Mitchell, the actor and writer, who invoked an unprintable obscenity as he mocked the City Council speaker, Christine C. Quinn.
“He knows this doesn’t end.
The department’s spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, told reporters, “The people of Cuba and the families of these two activists deserve a clear, credible accounting of the events that resulted in their tragic deaths.” Separately, Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, has asked the United Nations for an inquiry.
After 14 years of building up the Alibaba Group into one of the biggest Internet companies in the world, Jack Ma is taking a step back from the chief executive role of the Chinese e-commerce giant.
Yet these teenagers and their friends also seem to occupy a world without smartphones and text messages.
Both parties also secured dismissals.
She hired Mr. Bailey and put the company in a stronger position before leaving in 2006.
“I’ve always taken pride in my lack of ideology,” he writes in the afterword to “Pow!,” “especially when I’m writing.” Mo Yan does in fact have some strong views.
But a BART spokesman said the union’s proposal was “essentially a repeat of what was given at the bargaining table before the union leaders walked away” and called a strike.
If there’s a level of disrespect simply because he’s black, then how, Oprah, have you managed to become the — at one time — most popular and certainly wealthiest television personality?
The case evokes the 1991 movie “Other People’s Money,” where Danny DeVito – as Lawrence Garfield (known to his critics as “Larry the Liquidator”) — seeks to take over the struggling company New England Wire and Cable.
jeep, and another, taken moments later, of his crushed and bloody face.
Merchant snubbed a takeover offer from TPG Capital that valued Billabong at 851.4 million dollars, or about 3.30 dollars a share, saying then that even an offer of 4 dollars a share “would still represent a discount on the true value of Billabong.” Billabong’s shares have fallen 76 percent in the last year and last changed hands at 25 Australian cents apiece.
That’s because of the partial furloughs of federal workers that resulted from the forced budget cuts known as the sequester.
The Nasdaq composite index eked out a gain of just 0.13 of a point, to close at 3,919.92.
The problem is particularly acute in businesses that rely on cash to pay workers, as many restaurants do.
“We were able to use some statistical translations that assisted us,” Beane said.
Five years ago, Mr. Minder had to be restrained by Mr. Ospel’s bodyguards when he tried to storm the podium at a UBS shareholders’ meeting.
But the class goes on; this is the final week.
His friends in the solidarity movement were puzzled.
The executive is Marty Weiss, who is changing his most recent offering, Meter Industries, a brand design and marketing consultancy in New York, into what he is calling Marty Weiss and Friends .
Berlin will want the chance of that backstop’s ever being used to be virtually zero.
“We have to have fuel, so we have to have some kind of refueling center,” Valerie Amos, the United Nations official, told the mayor, Alfred S. Romualdez, at a public meeting after she flew here for an assessment.
“I sent back, ‘Did she die?’ ” “Yes,” the friend replied.
“Captain Phillips,” a movie that insistently closes the distance between us and them , has a vital moral immediacy.
officer, Andrei K. Lugovoi, who has denied murder charges.
We need to understand the society and the ways in which cultural heritage may have prompted forebears to ignore the civil laws.
The New York Botanical Garden, Southern Boulevard.
It was only two innings of a fake game, but Pettitte seemed energized about how well he threw and about the prospect of pitching at least one more season, perhaps even into October.
Oct. 4 at 8 p.m. $10.
Last year, supporters of the Capobiancos delivered a petition signed by more than 20,000 people to South Carolina lawmakers, urging them to revisit the law.
Stealth wear, he said, is an “updated way of thinking about making your clothes more resistant to your environment and adapting them to protect you a little bit more.” But these designers face a challenge: although technology has inspired some new fabrics and materials, high-tech fashion of any kind has yet to really take off.
Use our questions for test preparation or just for fun.
In Central Texas, where German settlers arrived before the Wends and founded towns like New Braunfels and Fredericksburg, Wends were often absorbed into the German Texan culture.
The Spurs have used a similar approach to handcuff the Grizzlies’ offense.
There are some good lines.
But the figures encompass just two big categories of ancillary revenue and don’t take into account the new revenue airlines are gaining from things like the “upsell,” which is how they typically refer to initiatives like charging extra fees for all but the least desirable coach seats.
Cathedral of Our Lady, Groenplaats 21; dekathedraal.be .
To allay public fears, the government has promised that restarts will be authorized only for reactors that pass rigid new standards that took effect this month.
Clinton’s comments have given cover for other Democrats who want to avoid being associated with the Health Care Problem.
Heho’s lack of navigation equipment was probably a factor in last year’s crash.
He stepped down as chairman of GreenTech in early December last year to focus on his campaign for governor.
From a functionality standpoint, Mr. Stevens said, you could also consider adding dimmer switches, because dimmable lighting is a feature many people appreciate.
Sheriff Arpaio said that they are “disciplined accordingly” and that he has “faith in them, faith in the posse.” It began patrolling 59 schools in unincorporated communities in Maricopa County last week.
China’s economy has slowed for nine out of the past 10 quarters, with G.D.P.
If our actions mirrored our rhetoric, rather than mocked it, we’d be reaping the long-term health, education and economic benefits of well-fed and well-educated American children.
— JEFF BRADLEY A par on Number 16 for Guan Tianlang.
In the absence of federal action, Mr. Lawsky has been pursuing new avenues for regulating the consultants in New York, according to the people briefed on his plans.
You know that rice the Persians do, with that crust?
— MIKE HUGUENIN Arizona’s Solomon Hill, the Wildcats’ second-leading scorer and rebounder, has two fouls less than four minutes into the game against Belmont.
Join an online conversation at http://anand.ly and follow on Twitter.com/anandwrites
The green 50 shekel bill (Tchernichovsky) and the blue 200 shekel bill (Alterman) will be put into circulation during the second half of the year.
”He’s not entertaining offers about it.
In November, Intrepid Travel will begin two sailing trips to the’s Myeik Archipelago of Burma, a little-explored area of roughly 800 islands in the Andaman Sea off the Malay Peninsula.
García’s handiwork was more calculated — no surprise for a man who has a weakness for pre-shot rituals and took plenty more time preparing to strike when he was literally out on a limb.
Mr. Cera is in New York looking for an apartment — in Brooklyn, where else?
In some cases, Twitter bought the services that were most useful to them — like Trendrr and Blue Fin Labs, two social media analytics firms — and that would make it a rounder and more robust company over all.
I auditioned a couple of times by circumstance.
Strange as it sounds, I look forward to the water, too.
Every year, the team says it will focus on stopping its opponents, but we will believe that when we see it.
Most doctors and nurses think that well-researched guidelines are an excellent idea.
had failed to connect the dots before the 9/11 attacks, and the country was determined not to let that happen again.
It is likely to act within several days.
But then this collection was a mixed bag: strong on those sculptural accessories and Ms. Philo’s unmatched sense of élan, but also highly fragmented and, in terms of shapes, a bit clunky.
The bureau’s report showed that union membership fell by 13 percent last year in Wisconsin and by 18 percent in Indiana — both unusually large numbers for a single year.
dietary guidelines encourage all of us to eat sufficient fruits and vegetables to derive these benefits, that same department’s agricultural policy encourages exactly the opposite — that is, damaging — behavior.
But the killing on Thursday in Kardasa — a rural town that is a 20-minute drive from Cairo — is the second episode in two weeks to raise the prospect that the violence could spread to the capital, where the government forces are strongest.
That provoked an angry reaction from Mr. Mujahid, who said in a telephone call that the United Nations “should not act as a propaganda machine for the invaders in Afghanistan.” He said he “would not confirm” that the Taliban were considering any such talks.
Mr. Obama mentioned Asia only once, as an exemplar of the kind of economic development that has eluded the Arab world.
As a result, the Japanese government is subsidizing the controversial industry.
And because the ever acquisitive Munich club is pursuing Borussia Dortmund’s striker, the prolific Robert Lewandowski.
Ralph Sheffield did a telephone interview with a Waco TV station during this year’s legislative session.
The assistants Martin Raymond and Dan Lacroix guided the Lightning, who are next to last in the East and on their way to missing the playoffs for a second straight year.
With 11 days remaining until the primary, the new survey shows a drastically reshaped race as a broad cross-section of voters embraces Mr. de Blasio’s candidacy.
Researchers reviewed eight prospective studies including 263,938 subjects and pooled the data for analysis.
But we do have an immediate impact on their habitat, which determines whether they survive or, in some cases, shift their ground.
There’s no such thing as racism in socialism.
“We’re scared to go back,” Mitzi Alvarado said.
Nationwide is a major advertiser on coverage of Nascar races, sponsoring the Nascar Nationwide Series, and with the National Football League playoffs last year, “we became more of a buyer” of commercial time during football games, he said.
The crowd was much smaller.
It also claims that player safety was and is governed by collective bargaining agreements negotiated between the league and the players.
— Jeff Gordinier Bon Appétit : As the best seller “Salt Sugar Fat” blasts corporate junk food, Gabrielle Hamilton and Danny Bowien talk at length with its author, Michael Moss, about their own attitudes toward the stuff (though not so much about their own restaurants’ use of salt, sugar and fat).
It is nearly 30 percent, not 18 percent.
“This young couple only drives electric cars.
Steps forward, controls with a nice turns and buries his shot.
And then I have to learn how to play it and that’s part of the fun too.
The issues behind the boycott had been percolating for about a year, members of the Legends said.
preventive among men who have sex with men, also found that many participants did not take the pill every day, leaving them more vulnerable to infection.
finals last Sunday might have been perplexing.
El episodio ponía en jaque la cooperación en temas de seguridad entre ambos países.
As we get to know the microbiome better, we shouldn’t fool ourselves into thinking of it as some wise guardian angel.
Mr. Ciancia had earlier been ordered to be held without bond pending trial, which is tentatively scheduled to begin Feb. 11.
Originally a financial trader, he was part of a successful online messaging and security company in England called MessageLabs before coming to San Francisco in 2008 to set up an online real estate service.
The baby nestles, pursing his mouth around the pacifier.
One is Karen Allison of Las Vegas, a winner of five national championships and a silver medal in the 1994 McConnell World Women’s Teams Championship.
” Less than a week later, in the post that revealed how important that first love had been for him, he wrote: “I wanted to create worlds that were rosier than mine.
“Meet Miss Subways,” which looks at the beauty contest and the lives of former Miss Subways, up through March 25; and “ElectriCity: Powering New York’s Rails,” a historical display of items from the museum collection, including switches and circuit breakers, that illustrates how electricity powers the subway system.
More than 90 percent of the 181 dolphins tested had the virus.
The atmosphere, many say, is one of fear and uncertainty.
“Being on the front lines comes with great risk,” Mr.
In one month of fighting, the rebels seized control of several northern cities and swept south before being stopped at Damara , the final strategic city on the road to Bangui.
I wanted to know if he liked Louis Armstrong better than Richard Wagner.
You don’t have to do this very designed, perfect mouth.
Ms. Barron, a critic of Mr. Silver, is the first Democratic woman to call for the speaker’s resignation.
In telling the North that it should return to negotiations with the United States and others, Mr. Xi struck a stern tone, saying, “The Chinese position is very clear: no matter how the situation changes, relevant parties should all adhere to the goal of denuclearization of the peninsula, persist in safeguarding its peace and stability, and stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation.” Vice Marshal Choe had already suggested Thursday that the North was open to at least some type of dialogue.
“The only thing Oscar has admitted to was that he was backstage.
Scheerer has never worked for another designer, let alone a famous one.
And of spectators there are many.
It takes guys a while to catch on.” Perhaps that is the hope.
I was twenty-four when I first went to Iraq.
If a boy was a Yankee fan, and most were, and he was sent to my office for a behavior issue, I would ask him, What would the closer do?
Rather, it was a predictable result of the takeover of Democratic Party by the New Left, which was far more interested in sexual and cultural revolution than in representing unfashionably conservative workers.
Jerry Brown did not sign the letter and has said little publicly about the strike.
Mr. Xi’s cherry picking of approaches from each of the rival camps, analysts say, could end up miring his own agenda in intraparty squabbling.
“It just kept looking more and more like a pig,” he recalled.
He was pardoned by Spain’s departing Socialist government in 2011, though the country’s supreme court partly overturned that decision this year, renewing concerns over his tenure.
In triumph, Rigoletto sings (in Italian), “He lies beneath my feet!” In the Met’s new production, the covered body is dumped in the trunk of a car.
(This was still only 1999; the nation’s obesity rates would climb much higher.)
nurse wear Glass during a procedure while Grossmann and another surgeon offered advice via video call.
I, of course, am not — but I did pick up a couple titles for friends.
It invited Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio’s friends to stay at its rentals when they come to the city for his inaugural.
Chapter 36: Alpha Male Behavior Among Car Guys So.
If you want to bring your office work to the boardwalk, you can do that, too.
“These buildings are immense and complicated,” Mr. Delaney said.
I could continue sharing personal information with strangers only if I used my father’s office address for sending zine-related mail.
A sampling of that exchange with several reporters: Q: You did look bored.
It is particularly important in generating public pressure to pass and enforce laws against pollution and toxic waste.
My dad took Zane to Target, and I held Otto down as they injected him with ketamine — the drug, also known as Special K, that the doctor said would keep Otto still as they stitched up his bruised and bloodied face.
And if he’s going to give you his money, he wants something back,’ ” Ms. Greaves said.
On Tuesday, the DeJesus family learned that the classmate, Arlene Castro, is also the daughter of the Cleveland man accused of kidnapping Ms. DeJesus and hiding her and two other women in his basement for years.
So far, four House members are opposed.
American civilians have 250 million to 300 million firearms, said Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, the director of the Violence Prevention Research Program at the University of California, Davis.
The main room includes a sitting area, a dining area and a home theater, as well as the heated pool.
“Higher education loans are meant to subsidize the cost of higher education, not profit from them, especially at a time when students are facing record debt,” said Ethan Senack, the higher education advocate at the United States Public Interest Research Group, which is issuing the brief with the United States Student Association and Young Invincibles, an organization for people 18 to 34.
IF Medellín is still a city that puts its visitors on guard, you wouldn’t know it from my traveling companion’s choice of footwear.
I might be willing to fork over $1.99 for that, but my dad, who has never used Bluetooth, didn’t seem keen to start.
Those statements had to strike a delicate balance, according to two people briefed on the bank’s thinking: satisfying the government, but not stoking private lawsuits from investors.
And even if they were, we wouldn’t let you know.
That is exactly what he did, going 76 yards in Florida State’s 24-21 win.
Miroslav Kalousek, the Czech finance minister, pledged to join the push for more automatic exchanges of bank records that already had the backing of Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Spain, a spokesman for the Czech representation to the European Union said Sunday.
“That’s just what I do to keep myself grounded and humble, being the Von I’ve always been,” he said.
Then there are the songs themselves.
The House bill, for instance, will probably offer a 15-year path to citizenship, rather than the 13-year path offered in the Senate plan, though both bills would allow unauthorized immigrants to earn a green card in 10 years.
And like me, they were haunted by codes that aided their rise in the old world but might stunt their growth in the new.
Regulators are using new powers to crack down on a high-speed trading firm that they contend was trying to manipulate the prices of futures contracts.
May 11 at 8 p.m. $135 to $165.
Ms. Liu travels to the jail each month for a half an hour meeting that is conducted via telephone through a glass partition, he said.
Besides the troops, Mr. Obama’s audience included three local members of Congress: Representatives Susan A. Davis, a Democrat, and Darrell Issa and Dana Rohrabacher, Republicans, who did not speak but were introduced by the president.
“So I’m not seeing a ton of ‘Kumbaya’ coming, though I hope I’m wrong.” Former Representative Mickey Edwards, an Oklahoma Republican, said party leaders concluded that the government shutdown was too damaging to repeat but that many lawmakers will still be wary of compromise for fear of primary challenges from conservatives next year.
Bitcoin’s roots run deep Regarding “The limits of bitcoin as currency” (Business, Nov. 27): Andrew Ross Sorkin portrays bitcoin as a passing fad, but here we are faced with a speculative bubble on a revolutionary idea.
When he debarked Oracle’s yacht by way of a support boat, Escamilla says, he did so with a certainty that for better or worse, the America’s Cup is now extreme.
Chinese bloggers marveled at Mr. Jang’s abrupt downfall and violent end, which was detailed in a lengthy report by the state-run Korean Central News Agency.
The copy says, “Right place, right time-friendly.
Most prepaid cards say they offer “pass through” deposit insurance, by pooling funds in federally insured, third-party bank accounts.
A regatta planned for Venice, Italy, was scrapped due to a contractual dispute that’s headed for court later this month.
[ Gothamist ] • A new professional soccer team is considering a stadium in the Bronx.
Some of these plays led to easy scores for the Nets, important swings in the push to win a tough road game.
“So I dropped out of medical school,” he said, “and got on a plane to do some real neuroscience.” He went to the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel to earn a Ph.D., followed by a stint at the National Institutes of Health in the United States on a Fulbright scholarship.
To the Editor: Andrew Solomon’s article states that when a Canadian woman was denied medical clearance to enter the United States last month, it was “a swoop back into a period when any sign of mental illness was the basis for social exclusion.” However, the old, bad kind of “social exclusion” is not at all what went on at the border.
Ireland had been hoping to crown its six-month presidency of the European Union, which ends Sunday, with a comprehensive budget agreement.
Lionsgate said “Catching Fire” also drew crowds that were perfectly balanced between what the movie industry considers “old” and “young” — those under and over the age of 25.
Though his life was brief — he died at 44 — it encompassed momentous shifts amid a turbulent and complex period in American history.
Last year, Dr. Sanjiv Narayan , an electrophysiologist at the University of California, San Diego, and co-authors described a way to more accurately identify the electrical “hot spots” in the heart responsible for an abnormal rhythm.
And even then, the road back is bound to be treacherous.
Basics The relatively sleepy and leafy stretch of the Changi area on Singapore’s far east coast may seem an unusual spot for a stylish new hotel — and yet, in September, there it appeared: Capri by Fraser, a sleek property with 313 rooms designed for travelers who may be staying awhile.
By Sunday afternoon in Asia the song had registered about 7 million views, a high number for a short space of time.
At about the same time Colm Mulcahy showed some examples of 5 element solutions and asked us to characterize them.
A day or two before the attack, powerful belt-fed machine guns were secretly stashed in a shop in the mall with the help of a colluding employee, officials say.
The characters of Chris Traeger and Ann Perkins shared a short-lived romance on “Parks and Recreation,” and a recent plot line saw them pursuing the possibility of having a child together while maintaining a platonic friendship.
Years later, Rose, the broadcaster, dug out his scorecard of that game and sat with Seaver as the Hall of Fame pitcher recounted his late-inning approach, batter by batter.
The CBS blackout in homes with Time Warner Cable ended in early September .
Anna, on the other hand, is clearly a figure with whom we are meant to identify.
But if the problem is structural, increasing aggregate demand is unlikely to reduce unemployment and is more likely to raise the rate of inflation.
In the United States, Kit Kat is sold by the Hershey Company, under license from Nestlé.
He made television appearances and magazine covers.
The state now has five Indian casinos, and electronic slot machine parlors at nine racetracks.
Fitzpatrick’s teammates include England’s Garrick Porteous, the British Amateur champion, and Callum Shinkwin, who defeated Fitzpatrick in the English Amateur final; Ireland’s Kevin Phelan, who made the cut at the Open at Merion; Rhys Pugh, a 19-year-old Welshman who played in the 2011 matches; England’s Nathan Kimsey, Max Orrin, Neil Raymond and Jordan Smith; and Ireland’s Gavin Moynihan.
He starts at the Frick in January.
Lawmakers are worried that bitcoin and other alternative forms of money can be used to evade taxes, defraud investors and assist trade in illegal products like drugs and pornography.
Onstage, he perches behind a piano, performing a head-banging, oddly cathartic blend of classical, heavy metal and avant-garde riffs.
— Patrick Farrell The Wall Street Journal : Wayne Curtis reviews Amy Stewart’s new book, “The Drunken Botanist.” — Robert Simonson Leite’s Culinaria : By all rights, a tuna melt should taste absolutely awful (and some people think it does), but the combination has a strange magic.
How does it cope with its predators and competitors?
” (Sunday Review, May 12).
In the last 14 months, the most recent Manhattan incarnations — Lani Kai in SoHo and PKNY on the Lower East Side — were both shuttered .
“We are working on it because our vocation is not to stay in the long term.” The French are anxious not to be seen as neo-colonialists and do not want their troops, stretched out over the vastness of Mali, to be vulnerable to ambushes, kidnappings and shootings by militants who may have blended into the civilian population.
Each party seems to be on a different playing field, in terms of priorities, as Mr. Netanyahu’s dominant Likud-Beiteinu faction has campaigned neither on issues nor accomplishments, failing to even produce a formal platform, but on the simple theme of strength.
I liked the way in which it combined a kind of grand scale with an intimate scale, which is something I thought a film of “Midnight’s Children” needed to do.
“We all hope that the inferences that are floating around are untrue, and the only one who can set us straight on that is the mayor,” said John Parker, a councilor who recently broke with Mr. Ford over the financing of Toronto’s transit system.
That’s another underutilized strategy that has been around for decades.
And moving to another planet would not require a big personal sacrifice, Mr. Cheng added, “because I have not had a girlfriend for a while.”
“We don’t know the full damages yet, but Macy’s suffered not only having to bring the lawsuit but also J. C. Penney sold goods” in a category that Macy’s had exclusive rights to, he added.
Yet when confused, fearful, angry or in pain, they may kick, hit, bite, throw or shove.
The estimates had been given by highly qualified experts, but the regrettable fact is that wild variations have always characterized the art market.
When I asked Gordon about do-it-yourself microbiome management, he said he looked forward to a day “when people can cultivate this wonderful garden that is so influential in our health and well-being” — but that day awaits a lot more science.
In 1946 she founded the charity Volunteer Service Photographers, which taught photography as a healing art to many thousands of military veterans and disabled civilians in the decades after the war.
It proves that the painting’s overheated artifice is more naturalistic than first surmised.
Playboy had just been invented!
When Benedict XVI, the pope emeritus, returned to Vatican City on Thursday, two months after his retirement, he inaugurated a living arrangement as unusual as it may be unpredictable.
In the last race of 1994, Schumacher swerved his damaged car in such a manner that Hill and he collided.
These rules emphasize the affordability of the loan.
This was especially apparent during the immediate aftermath of the heat and light of creation.
The deal announced late Wednesday by European finance officials creates a so-called Single Resolution Mechanism and a resolution fund.
For decades, lawmakers have let the gun lobby block financing for and limit gun research by the National Institutes of Health and other agencies.
But they should approach the talks from a completely new perspective; a tactical rather than a strategic one.
There is something ridiculous about a tax system that encourages an American company to invest abroad rather than in the United States.
In Ms. Stevens’s 351 regular appearances at the Met, her professionalism was perhaps never more apparent than it was in one of her many productions of “Samson et Dalila.” Playing the temptress Delilah, Ms. Stevens reclined on a chaise longue to sing the aria “Mon coeur s’ouvre à ta voix,” among the most famous seductions in opera.
1 ranking for the first time.
The next day, he caught a flight home.
My colleague and friend, Bettina Wassener , has biked throughout Germany and trekked in Nepal, but on Saturday she will participate in her first race: the Green Power Hike , a 50-kilometer, or about 30-mile, event through the hills of Hong Kong, as part of a three-person team.
Even supporters of Juan Carlos had to concede it went badly.
In the film he described how his attitude toward the death penalty had evolved.
to be introduced at the farmers’ market [1] at New York’s Mount Sinai Hospital Wednesday.
departments will go on doubling as welfare states forever.
The boy represents the young American nation, oblivious to the dangers of its longstanding romance with war and too eager to fight.
Washington has sought to portray the civilian casualties as minimal, but groups collecting data on the attacks say they have killed hundreds of civilians.
If you’ve come across the video above in the last several days, you’re not alone.
I now call on the Egyptian military to move quickly and responsibly to return full authority back to a democratically elected civilian government as soon as possible through an inclusive and transparent process, and to avoid any arbitrary arrests of President Morsi and his supporters.
“I wanted to get out of the rental scenario as soon as possible,” said Mr. Masterson, who is now a project manager at Hecho, a design and construction company.
Or perhaps the news reached us in the truly old-fashioned way: by word of mouth, which we duly passed along, links in a social chain as old as humankind, prefacing it with a “Did you hear?” There may have been time for reflection later, in the evening, as the dust of the day settled and the mind cleared.
In 1974, Professor Eadington hosted the first National Conference on Gambling and Risk Taking.
I mean that would be catastrophic,” said Bradley H. Alford, who invested in hedge funds while he was at the Duke Endowment in the 1990s.
How can I block my children from watching age-inappropriate movies on my Netflix account on the Wii game console?
The path to her bed was so covered with files and clothes that I could not reach her if I had a nightmare.
PEEKSKILL 12 Grapes Music and Wine Bar Kristina Koller and Friends, jazz.
Last week Springfield’s City Council allocated $100,000 to begin construction plans for the park, but most of the park’s features, including the refurbished filling station/visitors’ center, commemorative art, decorative gateways on the road, historic signs and a picnic area, will come from funds raised piecemeal through crowd-sourcing campaigns organized by CrowdIt, an online group based in Springfield.
Republican leaders in Congress and President Obama staged competing events in which they expressed an unwillingness to compromise.
She’s pathetic, absurd, complaining about being broke one minute and explaining why she flew first class the next.
The list of signers includes a string of Republican officials and influential thinkers — 75 as of Monday evening — who are not ordinarily associated with gay rights advocacy, including some who are speaking out for the first time and others who have changed their previous positions.
Slide Show {"url":"https:\/\/json8.nytimes.com\/slideshow\/2013\/05\/24\/world\/asia\/braving-the-indian-heat.html","headline":"Braving the Indian Heat","summary":"A glimpse of how people across India are trying to beat the heat.
“Canadians should rightly take pride in what they did for the six houseguests,” Mr. Affleck wrote in a lengthy e-mail on Thursday.
Early jobs included working for the federal health department, NBC Sports and a financial services firm.
Their relationship is poignantly portrayed in the new documentary “Cutie and the Boxer,” which opens in New York on Aug. 16 at the Lincoln Plaza Cinema and Landmark Sunshine Cinema.
“Something’s got to give.” Ms. Martin, who busied herself making toys as her due date neared, could not stop fretting about the potential cost of a complicated delivery.
Though there’s not a wand in sight, there’s plenty of magic in play.
Margin calls no doubt had something to do with Monday’s plunge, as they did with the collapse of silver futures back in 1980.
In 2006, it approved over-the-counter use with age restrictions.
Mr. Zhang made his first fortune selling energy-efficient central air conditioning systems .
While awaiting the N.B.A.’s verdict Saturday, Smith enjoyed his day off in Boston, at least based on his Twitter timeline.
On some Sundays in some cities over recent months, they’ve gathered by the hundreds for church-style celebrations without psalms, making the point that good will and community don’t depend on divinity.
Mr. Shirakawa’s announcement opened the way for him to quickly appoint a governor who would be bolder in loosening monetary policy.
There is evidence from the few oncology practices providing care according to a patient-centered plan that health care services are used more efficiently.
It was far from clear whether the insurgency’s claimed military gains signaled a bigger turn in the conflict, but some political analysts said they believed that the claims were credible and noteworthy.
Ms. Thompson takes her share of whacks at what’s become of America below the Mason-Dixon line — or, as The Onion has it, below the IHOP-Waffle House line .
But Dr. Pasquale said it is not yet known whether fluctuations in hormone levels would have a similar effect in men.
The statistics had originally been set to come out at the end of October, but were delayed by the government shutdown.
The audience is going to lose this guy.
Such an outcome is not guaranteed, of course.
Moreover, America cannot carry out this work if we don’t have diplomats serving in some very dangerous places.
One woman, who broke her arm, sued the Whitney and Turrell for more than $10,000, claiming that the show made her so “disoriented and confused” that she “violently precipitated to the floor.” Another visitor, who sprained her wrist, sued the Whitney for $250,000.
Important structural changes, however, have yet to be pushed through.
But at the end of the day, she hasn’t been judged by the same set of standards as Walter.
But my sons warmed up when they saw that their classmates hadn’t hated but had enjoyed my book.
I’m confident that the renminbi exchange rate will be more balanced and flexible and basically stable,” Mr. Yi said on the sidelines of the annual meeting of the National People’s Congress.
Integrity doesn’t stand a chance unless those who police sports are at least as organized as the criminals.
(“Against ‘Measurement’ “) I admit that we are usually taught that the observer is fundamentally important when learning quantum physics.
German officials noted that the imbalance procedure was normally aimed at countries that were considered insufficiently competitive, not those that were too competitive.
A few other small distillers were playing around with the niche spirit, including Few Spirits in Illinois, Corsair Distillery in Kentucky and Citadelle in France, which can be counted as a trailblazer, having released its version in 2008.
As one of the protesters who marched that day, Adel Abdel Ghafar, recalled in a post for The Lede last year, anger over routine police brutality was a catalyst from the first day of Egypt’s revolution.
They view Mr. Paul’s crusade as nothing more than the usual attempt by members of the opposition party to undermine the assertive foreign policy of an incumbent president.
Still, Lynn Joy, a senior adviser with the executive pay consulting firm Exequity, said board pay deserved more attention, especially at financial firms, which are looking to cut costs.
BP can proceed with its appeal of the way a court-appointed administrator apportions payments for claims related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, some of which BP has called “absurd,” according to a federal judge’s ruling on Friday.
In an essay titled “Dave Eggers Made Me Quit Twitter,” Michele Filgate, a writer and bookseller in Brooklyn, wrote about her experience swearing off social media for a week, an experiment prompted by the unsettling feeling the book produced.
“It’s the ability to carry on when the original clientele has moved elsewhere.” The Pink Pony actually closed its doors for the last time on Jan. 31.
But this fails to take into account individuals’ strengths and capabilities, leading mental health professionals to underestimate what their patients can hope to achieve in the world.
Here are the two semifinals scheduled for Friday afternoon on Centre Court, in the order in which they are to be played.
The wound quietly tortured Chamberlain for almost 50 years.
The last 24 hours of Kurt R. Myers’s life were punctuated by barrages of bullets.
We’ve had these conversations about being a woman in the business and how [expletive] it is and how you’re not treated the same.
Police fashions have changed, sometimes significantly, over the years, with the current look dating to 1994, when Commissioner William J. Bratton switched the uniform shirt back from a more mellow light blue to navy.
A flurry of legal cases, investigations and leaked bank documents have drawn attention to the opaque movement of diamond-backed money.
Winship voiced some concern over the reliability of the statistical data used by Burkhauser, but concluded: All that said, I think Rich’s paper is incredibly disruptive for many fields of research in labor economics and other social sciences, and potentially it could change our entire view about rising inequality over the past few decades.
“I don’t have a positive feeling about racial wealth inequality resolving itself with the recovery.”
They claimed it had been unnecessarily loaded with excess spending.
In early 2011, by all normal standards, the odds were with passage of SOPA.
“I would like to offer my service, expertise and knowledge with security,” Mr. Hoshko said in the e-mail, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times.
“Terminated” would probably be a deal-breaker, but perhaps something like “not the right fit” would work and might lead to a conversation with a potential hiring manager.
In reality, of course, it would be nonsensical to tell so-called normal-weight people to try to become heavier to lower their mortality risk.
The Dow Jones industrial average was down 80.41 points, or 0.52 percent, at 15,307.17.
Its dark, morally scandalous vision has been imposed on the kind of tale that is, more conventionally, an inspiring parable of entrepreneurial gumption.
“You end up wanting something else.” He struggled to make sense of Mexico at first.
The guidelines require investigators to provide notice unless it would “pose a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation.” That is intended to prevent destruction of evidence, an impossibility in this case.
“I just felt so frustrated, helpless and angry,” Conor says.
Composers and choreographers share a category (including portraits of Leonard Bernstein and Twyla Tharp and a photograph of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice together in a London theater in 1978, when they collaborated as composer and lyricist on “Evita”).
The campaign also includes advertising, video clips , marketing on-site at Brookfield properties and a public relations effort.
A country that believes it does not even need to answer for killing its own is not the America I once knew.
The combined airline will offer 6,700 daily flights to 336 destinations in 56 countries.
“Improving the profitability of electronics is the biggest priority of Mr. Hirai,” he added, referring to the chief executive, Kazuo Hirai.
And that is not helpful.” In states like Georgia, Louisiana and Montana, the members of the House who are now running for the Senate are demanding that Mr. Obama make concessions on the health care law in exchange for reopening the government.
“Few movies do that for their entire run.
Last year, a series of courts-martial at Lackland revealed widespread sexual misbehavior involving instructors and recruits in training programs.
Shares of the Russian diamond-mining company Alrosa closed slightly higher on Thursday in their first day of trading, indicating some investor enthusiasm for a stock that offers a way to place a market bet on the price of diamonds.
Its best hopes rest with Team Muirhead , as its four-member team calls itself; it won the world title in March and was second at the European championships last month.
He expanded the guesthouse, too, and repaired and winterized the whole place.
The documents said Canberra had tried to bug the phone of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Mr. Muhly came onto the Met’s radar when he was asked to assist with the piano reduction for a piece that the pop songwriter Rufus Wainwright was developing through the new works program.
They applaud returning troops in airports in outward appreciation, satisfied with their magnanimous deeds.
The military budget, for example, should be reduced substantially, but thoughtfully, considering the nation’s needs.
The hang-up was apparently enough of a confirmation to give the report ample attention, especially among conservative pundits.
The center has served not only as a physical space where immigrants find work, but also as a rare symbol of empowerment in a city where day laborers, usually illegal immigrants, often find themselves tethered to the lowest rung of the social totem pole.
To the Editor: It is disturbing that an ostensibly “progressive” Congressional leader like Barney Frank would tell a fellow Washington insider like the veteran journalist Robert G. Kaiser that “the voters are no bargain,” but Noam Scheiber is guilty of the same type of elitism in his review of Kaiser’s “Act of Congress: How America’s Essential Institution Works, and How It Doesn’t” (July 14).
In the rich and storied history of Jersey City’s political corruption , the gold medal still goes to Frank Hague, who ruled as mayor for 30 years from a desk with a special drawer that opened out to visitors, the better to collect his kickbacks.
Her style is well suited to beat Williams, as she can handle her power and turn it against her.
My current incarnation was a lot mellower.
He jumped off the platform, the police said, and was hit by a northbound 2 train.
• Jets lose to Patriots , 13-10.
Each scribbles a number on a piece of paper and places it in a hat.
“Melody Lane,” Mr. Gore recalled.
She worried that her chance at getting a high school diploma was gone, and that a stint in jail was possible.
India had wanted language stating that the treaty could not be used to suspend weapons transfers under existing defense cooperation agreements.
He was passed from relative to relative, left wondering, didn’t his mother love him enough to be with him?
Yoko Yasuda McIvor and Andrew Paul Lieberman were married on Tuesday on a staircase in Grand Central Terminal in New York.
Ms. Mueller has so far tracked down a few freshly embellished pieces.
Pupils had one hour to write down their answers on each subject to questions drawn from assigned textbooks.
SCIENCE TIMES A report in a roundup of science news on Tuesday about the recovery of two F-1 rocket engines from an Apollo mission off the ocean floor misstated part of the name of the ship used for the expedition.
But there are growing signs that the message is not getting across as severe economic problems, including soaring inflation and shortages of basic goods, make many loyal Chávistas waver.
BEACON “The Gun Show,” photography.
That provision alone could have paid for the benefits for the unemployed.
We canceled cable, we got rid of our land line, we cut out luxuries, the housekeeper’s not coming — things like that.” Federal employees ended up being paid for days they were furloughed during the last shutdown, during the Clinton administration.
He carried the ball for about 25 yards before sliding a pass to Lloyd Sam, unmarked on the right wing.
“Plumas” in Spanish, means “pens” but also, critical to the joke, “feathers.” In English, it just does not work.
Daniels set a team record for 3-pointers in a season while leading the comeback.
Tripline will then organize your photos by time and, if they are geotagged (some smartphones, for instance, automatically assign a latitude and longitude to photos), by location too.
In their view, the United States and others could use it as justification for even more ostracism of Iran, which has a brotherly military relationship with North Korea and has adopted some of its missile and weapons technology.
“When he was in our building, we never saw anything where he was not polite,” Kraft said, adding that Hernandez wrote the Patriots a letter before the 2010 N.F.L.
It’s probably only a matter of time.
His mother has had persistent but mild stomach problems.
Joyann King, digital director at Harper’s Bazaar, said that leather leggings, both real and fake, were the item of the moment.
As the review correctly noted, it is “The Encyclopedic Palace,” not “The Encyclopedia Palace.” In addition, the review misstated the surname of an artist whose work sits amid Roman sculptures at the National Archaeological Museum and referred incompletely to her.
And he was very effective at it,” Rod Tiffen, an emeritus professor of political science at the University of Sydney, said in an interview.
Both the S.& P. and the Dow capped a fourth consecutive day of gains, and the S.& P. 500 finished within two points of 1,800.
Senator Patty Murray, the Washington Democrat and Senate Budget Committee chairwoman who outlined her budget on Wednesday, summed up her party’s objections to Republican austerity measures, which Democrats have said rob the country of needed investment.
But after legislative hearings, the resignations of two of his confidants and demands for more answers, the allegation that drivers were made to suffer for the sake of petty political payback has grown into a major irritation for Gov.
The smokers cost more, but because I have only three it was hard to see whether they are on the same track (it turns out they are).
The gallery has also benefited from the fact that Kosovo went against the current trend in Europe and increased its funding for cultural institutions last year.
Some of Ms. Munro’s more recent tales have exchanged the elliptical narratives she pioneered years ago for a more old-fashioned, stage-managed approach.
The upshot, in theory, is that taxpayers will not have to bear the upfront cost of the program.
As he later put it: “It’s trees.
But which composter to stick with?
In the 1909 season the great tenor Leonid Sobinov, who sang in one of Diaghilev’s operas, eloped with the dancer Vera Karalli.
Adam Wingard directed; with Sharni Vinson, Amy Seimetz and Ti West.
It said that “some ‘normal’ uranium — that is, a mixture of fissionable U-235 and non- fissionable U-238 which can be used as a ‘jacket’ for H-bomb weapons” — was in the shed, and that “it is probable that the uranium was scattered as dust.”
She was a plump woman who looked much younger than the 37 years accorded her by her chart.
NYACK Museum of the Historical Society of the Nyacks Paintings and batik works by Astrith Deyrup.
But he never eats meat with his grandparents: “I would be excommunicated if I did, so I go pure ‘veg’ when I’m with them.
They’re against stuff like food stamps and unemployment benefits; but bailing out Wall Street?
But then hip-hop turned yet another corner.
Even though Section X is hard to pin down — some students said they did not believe it existed at all — it causes enormous resentment on campus, starting with its name.
Probably Ms. Melato’s best-known role in a Wertmüller film was as Raffaella in “ Swept Away ,” a sometimes harrowing romantic comedy of class conflict released in Italy in 1974.
Her eye is pitiless and her prose sumptuous.
“Any improvements were largely confined to Germany,” said Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit.
By the time I set out for Hemkund the next morning many pilgrims were already on the trail.
“I don’t have a jealous bone in my body.
But Dr. Petzel made clear that he believed the Jackson medical center was in generally good shape, calling the recent reports of problems “kerfuffles” that do not reflect the hospital’s high quality of care.
The suit was much debated but brought up widespread accusations that the Valley, for all its 21st-century tech, had medieval attitudes toward women.
The philosopher Thomas Carlyle once called our planet “a hall of doom” — a diagnosis all too easily confirmed by most days’ news.
Since that modest beginning, the Pebble Beach meet has grown to become America’s classic-car extravaganza, a gathering of magnificent machinery that includes no fewer than eight concours, five auctions, three days of racing for 550 cars at the Laguna Seca road circuit as well as various tours, sales of automobilia and, increasingly, promotional events by automakers.
The Ukrainian Security Service confirmed this week that it had blocked an unspecified number of foreigners, including several Americans, from entering the country, on suspicion of colluding with protest leaders and trying to destabilize Ukraine.
“We took them to keep them safe because they were going through a very dangerous area and they were our guests, and we protected them with our own chests.” The Filipino soldiers were turned over to the Jordanian Army, given checkups in a military hospital, then handed over to United Nations officials and the ambassador from the Philippines, according to Samih Maaytah, Jordan’s minister of state.
But at the top of the list, the bookmakers’ favorites are largely in line with analyses by Vatican experts .
He also risks alienating Republican donors, whom he needs to woo.
A. N. BEWLEY I got tied in with Mr. Oyler, who owned Oyler’s Barbecue in Mesquite.
“The immigration debate in recent years, as it has played out in the last two presidential campaigns, has not kept pace with the facts on the ground,” said Paul Taylor, the director of the Pew Hispanic Center.
Two companies, Modelo and FEMSA, a division of the Dutch giant Heineken, sell nearly all the beer south of the border.
When another guest was mistakenly served tagliatelle bolognese instead of the tagliolini tartufo nero he had ordered, the kitchen promptly sent forth not only the black-truffle pasta, fragrant with sage, but also a little platter of sizzling fries, which had been made just for us by improvising with a skillet.
The Bakers, who had built a $600 million business from scratch, appear to think that their advisers should have saved them from themselves and that they could negotiate a better deal than Goldman Sachs.
The most famous quote about the difference between the old Penn station and today’s comes from architectural historian Vincent Scully Jr., who said: “one entered the city like a god; one scuttles in now like a rat.” Until things change, that quote should be carved over the Penn Station doors in recognition of the sufferings endured by 600,000 passengers each day.
The federal Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act, introduced Thursday in Congress, would provide paid leave for workers who need time off to care for family members with serious health conditions, to care for a newborn, or to recover from health problems, including pregnancy and childbirth.
These financial instruments are like a form of insurance that allows investors to be paid in full if the underlying bond defaults.
But, he added, “clearly I have no choice but to hit the practice courts.” Among the others in action on Thursday was Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, the seventh seed, who qualified for the quarterfinals with a comeback victory against Fernando Verdasco.
“If North Koreans inhabit the most isolated country on earth (hyperbole widely accepted as fact), then it must also be true that we are isolated from them.
(Anita Gates) ‘The Dance and the Railroad’ The Signature Theater Company’s David Henry Hwang season continues with this modest, somewhat soporific two-hander about two Chinese immigrants (Yuekun Wu and Ruy Iskandar) laboring on the transcontinental railroad in 1867 (1:10).
His death, of an aortic aneurysm, was announced by Gabriel Barbash, the director of the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, where Mr. Einstein was taken after collapsing at home.
Daily, except Mondays, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Queens Botanical Garden Parking Garden, 42-80 Crommelin Avenue, near College Point Boulevard, Flushing, (718) 784-1444, Ext.
In one way or another, we can expect health benefits or cash benefits for the elderly, or both, to be taxed or means-tested more than they are under current law.
Please use only your first name.
As corporate entities go, the Volkswagen Group is known for carrying out its affairs with a certain deliberation — of setting goals, conducting extensive research and delivering on its objectives.
DALLAS Down South The South Side area on Lamar Street, in downtown Dallas, is seeing new life.
Beaumont, Tex., police say a man shot and wounded a teenage intruder he found in his home just after 5 a.m. Saturday.
Mr. Mohebbian, who often acts as a political commentator for foreign news media, published parts of the letter on Tuesday on one of the 20 Web sites he runs in Iran, called S ecretnews .
He said the culture of many big law firms was to bestow most of the riches on the partners and treat “associates as just visiting” and moving on after a few years.
It began at 13; the disease gave her no rest.
“And the things that we got told, that’s one of the reasons we signed there.” Buehrle certainly never expected to be here, starting spring training with the Toronto Blue Jays, in Year 2 of the contract.
In the final segments, shot more recently and raggedly by the Safdies, Mr. Cooke is shown living in Stony Creek, Va., gone to seed but not alone.
This one comes from Kate Perry of Restaurant Bea in Seattle.
Write a really good poem.
But mostly, it has been a chorus of “Really, Justin?
(“I don’t particularly like to show off my body”/“I like to show off my body.”) The test is a tool commonly used by psychologists to identify both clinical and borderline narcissism.
And you can even set white balance for daylight, cloudy conditions, fluorescent or tungsten light.
Better fitness proved to be linked to significantly higher achievement scores, while, interestingly, body size had almost no role.
But these practices leave little accommodation for players who, say, might have been abused as a child or who, desperate to be accepted, are made to pay for extravagant dinners and trips for veterans.
Did Stravinsky sleep with men?
The end of the first day.” The biblical device of polysyndeton — “and” “and” “and” — creates an effect of unity, natural and human, in suffering: “There had only been the wreckage and the moonlight and a burnt smell hanging in the air for company.” This remarkable prose is deployed in the service of parallel plots.
(Dargis) ‘Promised Land’ (R, 1:46) Matt Damon (who wrote the screenplay with his co-star John Krasinski) plays Steve Butler, dispatched to a small town by an energy conglomerate to buy the rights to underground natural gas from the local farmers.
“I’m just glad my dad isn’t watching,” Burton said.
Many of the dead and wounded were young boys standing near the soccer field when the bomb exploded.
She also explained how price perception affects her business.
Last summer, Long Island College Hospital, one of Brooklyn’s largest employers, announced that it was closing its doors after running through a $135 million endowment that was to be “held in perpetuity,” according to the wills of the donors, Donald and Mildred Othmer, who were early investors in Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate run by the billionaire investor Warren Buffett.
Yet amid all the mayhem no one made off with his bat.
“It is just the latest example of a politicized verdict that hurts the credibility and impartiality of the judiciary in Turkey.” He said his client would appeal to the nation’s Constitutional Court, claiming violations of the right to a fair trial.
Before dying a heroic death that makes the viewer blame the girl’s rejection of his love for his fate (“Now who wants to get up again?
There were no significant differences between them and the younger, healthier group.
Do you remember the first cone you sold?
“As we’ve made clear all along, the company has no right to block the application in the first place,” said Matt Wood, policy director of Free Press, in a statement.
But when a mother leaves the work force, a great deal is clearly lost, too.
Fade in a team sport, and a teammate might pick up the slack or a coach might put you in a new position.
Irons, are sprinkled through the movie to add a semblance of intellectual heft.
Once you’ve seen that happen, you’ll never think about a golf cart the same way.” ■ Golf rage is more dangerous than rage in the grocery store line.
We also have a growing list of pages devoted to teaching literary classics alongside Times nonfiction.
The porch’s white iron balustrades were blackened.
Unsurprisingly, the keep-Austin-weird crowd frets over whether this new celebration of highbrow dining is part of an ominous new trend.
Instead, we end up with a vague sense that he is, you know, good.
I would go further: No sedative of any kind is needed, in many if not most cases.
She graduated from New York University.
“There are a couple of spritzer companies in Italy, but they are sweeter and have over 7 percent alcohol.
On a drizzly morning in July, King, his wife and their children gathered in Maine for a reunion the week of the Fourth and compared notes on what constituted chores in the King household.
9:22 p.m. | Updated The New York Times Company plans to sell The Boston Globe and other New England properties, allowing the media company to focus energy and resources on its flagship newspaper.
POUGHKEEPSIE The Metta Quintet, with the Poughkeepsie High School Jazz Ensemble, jazz.
And in the past, Japanese officials have, indeed, been very fond of making such excuses.
The Riverhead Foundation noted on its Facebook page : “We have documented four occasions of reports of cetaceans in or near the East River since 2010.
The bill also hands Democrats a talking point that Republicans are willing to make foreign creditors like China a priority over veterans and the military.
But we can throw our bodies around.
Six years later, and Thérèse is now played by Audrey Tautou, wearing a knit cloche and a dour expression, and walking with Anne’s brother, Bernard (Gilles Lellouche), a solid citizen with a manicured mustache and gift for the self-satisfied obvious.
The Big Four is still alive and well as a tennis concept, but bringing Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray together in the same Grand Slam tournament is proving increasingly elusive.
The uprising had little effect on conscription.
I know it’s been in the news, but if you haven’t seen the recent “Frontline” program “ The Retirement Gamble ,” you have to take an hour and watch it.
Talking before a strong debut show, the designer and Gildo Zegna, the company’s chief executive, laid out the basis of their working relationship.
The law is too tough, they groaned.
With the increase in the number of criminal cases, their workload is increasing.
Although he will not play a direct role in the peace talks even if he returns as foreign minister, he has embarrassed the prime minister by declaring, at inopportune times, that any agreement is decades away and by accusing Mr. Abbas of “diplomatic terrorism.” For Israel’s governing coalition, already deeply fractured over the Palestinian issue, the question now is whether Mr. Lieberman will join those challenging Mr. Netanyahu from the right, making a peace deal even more remote, or shift toward the center to expand his political base for a future campaign to become prime minister.
Instead, Valeant buys up smaller firms and deeply slashes costs.
But on my night table is “Tenth of December,” by George Saunders, waiting its turn.
For me, it was just a different challenge.
Spencer Hawes had 21 points and 14 rebounds and Jrue Holiday had 13 points and 14 assists to lead the host Philadelphia 76ers to a 78-61 win over the Orlando Magic.
In the back, they put Mr. Oldenburg’s studio, where his famous soft sculptures evolved.
“So that was kind of a big .
Executions dropped to 43 last year from 98 in 1999.
I coached a long time, that’s as important as anything I did: getting a feel for people you’re recruiting, coaches you work with.
Marian Fontana’s heartfelt, if predictable, “Falling Short” has great one-liners but mines familiar territory to win sympathy for its online-dating heroine; Paul Weitz’s “Change” lampoons drug burnouts and the bourgeoisie in such scrupulously equal measure that its criticism of the characters neutralizes itself.
He said the piece was his tribute to “the idea that you could be calling this unanswerable call, destined to be alone.” Which felt like a bit of a meta statement for Mr. Stetson, onstage without accompaniment, even though his music emphatically seeks communion.
You think about the way he’s played the last month, month and a half, he’s played really well.” INSIDE PITCH Derek Jeter, who is recovering from a strain of his right calf, was scheduled to play Saturday night for Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and will join the Yankees in Toronto on Monday, barring a setback, Joe Girardi said.
The difficulty, on the evidence of the last few days, is the mass of conflicting signals on how shaky things still are, or how much better they will get — and as a result, getting from here to actual changes in policy will probably take months.
The border areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan, said Gordon Brown, the prime minister then, were “the crucible of global terrorism” threatening “the streets of Britain.” In late 2013, a new statistic has entered the calculations of loss: 444 British military personnel dead — the single most potent figure fueling the outrage expressed by many in Britain when Hamid Karzai, the president of Afghanistan, told the BBC last week that the entire NATO exercise had been pointless.
Calvin Borel, a three-time Kentucky Derby winner, and Chris Antley, who died of a drug overdose in 2000, were among the finalists announced for election to the National Museum of Racing’s Hall of Fame.
Music and Dance BETHEL Maydie Myles and the Tom Devino Trio, jazz.
But I’d never seen the power of one man speaking such plain, fearless truth.
Bernie Ecclestone, 82, is president and chief executive of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration, which own and operate the Formula One racing series.
And the 3-D decorations on the outfits were equally hard to decipher — a plus in the modern fashion world where texture is key.
There are few more picturesque bandshells than the jewel tone-lit hub of Mears Park in downtown St. Paul.
The Denver Post reported in May on a patient whose cardiac stress test cost around $2,000 one year, and around $8,000 the next, after his doctor’s practice was bought by the hospital.
James Perry McClean, 34, was shot multiple times in the chest and abdomen early Thursday outside of a bar in Burlington, N.C., after a fight spilled onto the street.
But it’s the last in the trio of supernaturally charged Shakespeares that promises to break fresh theatrical ground.
At the end of the day, GOD is still in (cont) //t.co/enQjZ3bZk2 — Sybrina Fulton (@SybrinaFulton) 14 Jul 13 Mr. Zimmerman’s brother, Robert Zimmerman Jr., also used Twitter to deliver a message on behalf of his father.
I was born and brought up in Sikkim, and we have a big following for soccer here – it is the only game that’s played.
It sold some 500,000 copies, established Mr. Slater’s reputation and earned him hefty publishers’ advances.
The other part of this art form is that the rest of the fill is kept relatively simple so that we can reassure ourselves that yes, it is Monday after all.
Isabelle PateerThe Deutsche Bank Auditorium at the Botanical Garden in Culiacán, with “New Ruins,” by the Mexican art collective Tercer un Quinto, in the foreground.
Events Alan Alda on ‘M*A*S*H’ (Tuesday) Mr. Alda, who starred as Captain Hawkeye Pierce on “M*A*S*H,” will talk about the popular television series and its social significance with Jeff Greenfield, an author and journalist.
Kuroda, steady and unflashy as they come, has not made an error in more than three years — not since 2010, when he played for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
It has suffered the usual slings and arrows of architectural fortune, but on the work of a perfectionist they are particularly obvious.
For some Indians, United States policy toward China risks becoming too hard; for others, too soft.
It thus appears to pay more United States taxes than it could have.
I’ve become an excellent caregiver, and along the way I’m the one who has created the illusion that she doesn’t need anyone else.” Third, readers will get yet another lesson in the barely noticed ways sick old people slide onto the conveyor belt of contemporary medicine, even if — like Jeanne — they have always said they don’t want aggressive treatment.
But once again, spectacle is likely to trump substance: not one word will be said at this event about what exactly the city was in 1963, when the president arrived in what he called, just moments before his death, “nut country.” Dallas — with no river, port or natural resources of its own — has always fashioned itself as a city with no reason for being, a city that triumphed against all odds, a city that validates the sheer power of individual will and the particular ideology that champions it above all else.
(Grode) ‘The Laramie Project Cycle’ (opens on Tuesday) The Tectonic Theater Project’s 2000 play, “The Laramie Project,” has rightly claimed a place as a milestone in American theater, putting the growing trend of documentary theater in the service of a devastating story: the murder of a gay 21-year-old man in Laramie, Wyo.
There’s a team that helped him get to this point.” When his brothers and sisters poke fun at Smith, calling him the golden child, LaFleur corrects them.
You can turn off the parameters you don’t care about.
When the rain stopped, the other residents emerged from wherever they had taken shelter.
At 8 and 10 p.m., The Cell Theater, 388 West 23rd Street, Chelsea, (646) 861-2253, brownpapertickets.com; $20 in advance, $25 at the door.
The landlord must provide the tenant with 24-hour access to the building, but “just because a tenant thinks something in particular is the answer to the problem does not mean that the landlord has to adopt that particular solution,” Mr. Bailey said.
Back in 2011, Rep. Sean Duffy, a Republican, told a constituent at a town hall meeting that he was struggling on his congressional salary since he was supporting six kids.
“There are so many mediums available to us now that a lot of people retrench into just one,” said Adam Nathaniel Furman , a 30-year-old architectural designer.
Fortunately, he added a charming clarification: “Human slavery is wrong, insecure and demoralizing.
Four of the six directors who were up for election this year received less than 85 percent of votes from shareholders despite running unopposed.
Feb. 23 at 7:30 p.m. $18 and $20.
Why does that help “Sugar Man”?
TELEGRAPH Avon’s New Turnaround Plan Is Met With Anxiety | Sherilyn S. McCoy, the successor to Andrea Jung at Avon Products, “is hurrying to clean up the mess and win back investors’ trust.
Is it even legal for them to be on the road?
I found it very inspiring, [this idea] about photographs somehow ending war in some short-term fashion.
Ms. Goldman said she did not usually go out for lunch, and so she had asked us to pick the place.
That might be a drought for some overworked N.B.A.
Intricately hand-beaded, it looks delicate on the hanger but is as heavy as armor.
Given all the disinformation out there, the strategy of think globally, name locally is actually a great idea.
One was Abraham Grafales, 28, getting a free haircut in the rear of the shop, from Eric Holmes of Blind Barber on the Lower East Side.
Just don’t be a broken leg and be out for the year,’ ” Dickey said.
The Lionheart Gallery, 27 Westchester Avenue.
“It won’t be a happy day, but it won’t discourage us,” he said.
After the 2009 budget draft, Mr. Reid shied away from doing another nonbinding blueprint on spending and tax policy.
The hymn near the end accelerated in a way that released rather than built tension.
Noah’s mother, Melanie, is about 5-8.
Neither side offered concrete movement toward the other, but the president and Senate Republicans agreed they had a narrow window — perhaps through July — to reach an accord, and both sides agreed to try.
After his 2012 autopsy, the R.N.C.
A 2012 Pew Research Center study found that while only about 6 percent identified as atheist or agnostic, they were among nearly 20 percent classified as religiously unaffiliated.
In this case, that charge has been muted somewhat because the victims were black, as were both the attorney general who authorized the prosecution and the United States attorney.
“I had to say I made a mistake, because The Times played it as a censorship story, ” he said.
In addition to considering partnering with Warby Parker, Google is doing other things to recruit the fashion-savvy, particularly women.
“In Motion: Videos by Noah Klersfeld.” All through Sept. 8.
“Spider-Man,” it seems, was just a dry run for “A Midsummer Night’s Dream.” This time, Ms. Taymor holds on to her wings, and keeps her production and ambitions aloft.
“They’ll think, ‘Now GoDaddy is really bringing it, with substantive tools.’ ” On the other side of the coin, “whatever we’ve lost in ‘sexy’ we hope we’ve gained in smart and substantial,” he added.
Advocates of intelligent design have certainly been enthusiastic, with the Discovery Institute crowing about Mr. Nagel’s supposed “deconversion” from Darwinism.
“It is difficult to understand how Bike N.Y., which runs a purely recreational event for those who pay to participate, can argue that the event’s purpose is to raise money for charitable donations,” said Gabriel Taussig, who heads the administrative law division for the Law Department.
10 A.M. (Fox) FOX NEWS SUNDAY Chris Wallace will sit down with Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, and Representative Eliot Engel, Democrat of New York, to discuss recent developments in the Middle East and Egypt.
Hyundai will send notices to owners and lessees early next year if a federal judge approves the settlement.
“I can tell you people are talking about it.” In 1994, the National Institutes of Health approached the pharmaceutical giant Pfizer with a plan to work together on promising new research on inflammatory diseases like arthritis.
“I know he’s been frustrated with me at times because I kept getting on him and getting on him: ‘You’ve got to repeat.
“We believe that Mr. P.J.
Under General Dempsey’s plan, teams of inspectors will observe and review the procedures of commanders and their staffs.
Teresa Fazio , who was a Marine Corps officer, read an excerpt from her memoir describing a thorny romantic relationship begun in a mortuary in a military camp in Iraq.
In fact, Americans are far from poles apart on the issue of gun control.
Until five years ago, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology told parents to manage the introduction of foods most likely to cause allergic reactions with particular care: to avoid cow’s milk until a child was a year old, eggs until age 2, anything containing peanut until age 3.
He had run 4:06.2 in a sectional race also limited to high school athletes.
“They all say the same thing: ‘I had left the game,’ or ‘I turned the TV off,’ or ‘I left the room to put the baby down,’ ” Miller said Monday.
“It’s our job to prove them wrong.” INSIDE PITCH The Yankees beat the Washington Nationals, 4-2, on Friday before heading to West Point to play Army on Saturday.
In the first half of 2013, according to the most recent data available from the research firm Kantar Media, spending on advertising by companies like the Toyota Dealer Association, Chevron and New Balance that emphasized products’ American-made status nearly tripled when compared with the first half of 2012.
This wasn’t such a case.
Feb. 8 to April 13 at 227 West 27th Street.
After that we relied on ourselves and bit by bit, with God’s help, we learned how.” Rebels disagree about the value of homemade projectiles.
I appreciate the writer’s take on affairs in butterfly and moth science.
Mr. Srivatsa said that his radio station is open to all who want to participate, even to gay rights opponents, who occasionally call in.
We had mussels to start, dipping into hearts of artichoke, button-mushrooms, salami and other sausages the while, followed by a sort of thick clam and tomato soup followed by spaghetti ...” One begins to see why the late Taylor amassed such a collection of caftans, auctioned with great success by Christie’s in 2011.
The average payment responsibility for crucial medical procedures grew to $2,042 at the end of 2012 from $1,676 at the end of 2011.
Mr. Heymann declined to comment specifically on Judge Cabranes, citing personal ties.
Everyone knows him as “Uncle” Walter, a Hawaiian term of respect.
Shuanghui’s proposed purchase would be the largest Chinese acquisition of an American company, so it is bound to receive intense scrutiny.
Mr. Cale sang briskly and forthrightly, treating the old conundrums with avuncular affection, hinting at a lasting sympathy for the songs’ elusive characters and for a musical path he wouldn’t often follow.
Four years later, in December 2008, H. Stephen Lieber, chief executive of the group, wrote an open letter to President-elect Obama calling for a minimum government investment of $25 billion to help hospitals and physicians adopt electronic records.
Following the Lamborghini tradition of christening cars with names associated with Spanish bullfighting, the new model will be called the Huracán 610-4, after a bull that fought valiantly in Alicante in the late 19th century.
“It’s remarkable what she has accomplished,” Mr. Falcon said.
And I wear colors near my face that are right for my skin tone, avoiding those (like yellow) that are unflattering.
But it is another matter for alternative apps compatible with Apple’s iOS operating system.
Had he done so, he would not be enjoying the input from Mr. Cuban and Mr. Herjavec – but he and his partners also would not have had to give up 35 percent of their company.
“That this applies to all members of Parliament.” In this, her inaugural address, she added: “Let us speak more with, and less about, one another.
Nov. 3 at 7:30 p.m. Free, donations accepted.
MAHWAH “Shape of Things,” by Neil Labute, presented by the School of Contemporary Arts.
In her 2007 book “An Ocean of Air,” Gabrielle Walker chronicles the Piteraq, a Greenland wind gusty enough to toss sled dogs skyward; its force is occasionally measured by how much it damages a wind gauge.
Are some people’s brains/bodies so damaged from their addiction that they can’t be expected to change?
This year, Mrs. Gross’s ninth-grade students will be reading their own copies of “The Forest Unseen” and observing their own mandalas around campus, attempting a version of this study with help from Mike Roche, the freshman biology teacher at High Tech.
This season’s haute couture shows in Paris were inspired by nature.
Separately, the Sunlight Foundation, a research organization that seeks to make government and politics more transparent, reports that another anonymously financed new group has entered the anti-Hagel realm, Secure America Now , which, it reports, was founded by Allen Roth, a political aide to Ron Lauder , the cosmetics heir and former ambassador to Austria who is active in Jewish causes.
Although only a handful of Khmer Rouge leaders have been brought to trial for the deaths of 1.7 million Cambodians from 1975 to 1979, the lack of prosecutions is not an issue in the election.
Mr. Lapid said the pain would be short-lived.
That has a lot to do with Ms. Lauper (who, though she did appear on Broadway in the 2006 “Threepenny Opera,” is not in this show).
The Web site Deadspin posted it under the headline: “Joe Flacco’s New Bride Is a Very Understanding Woman.” Steve Flacco said he suspected that Joe’s four brothers were the brains behind the operation.
NEW ROCHELLE “70 Under $700,” group show.
Cano raised his arms and skipped off the field, smiling.
Yet that is increasingly the most likely outcome.
And “over the river and through the woods” notwithstanding, that family mostly meant nuclear, with ties to older or second-order relatives increasingly frayed.
Mr. Campbell, a former president of the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, has been a director since 2000.
But more to the point: Insider trading is one thing.
He would not say whether he had asked the lieutenant governor to resign or whether Mr. Sheehy had acted on his own.
The United States Geological Survey has found “intersex fish,” or male fish that develop female sexual characteristics, in the Potomac River and its tributaries, raising questions about whether hormone residues might be responsible.
In a separate release, the Census Bureau projected that on Jan. 1, the United States population would be 317,297,938, a 0.7 percent increase from Jan. 1, 2013.
■ Allison & Partners, San Francisco, part of MDC Partners, opened an office in Mountain View, Calif., to be led by Monika Raj, as managing director.
It would means fewer student loans, an upgrade of academic discipline in nonscience courses in college and recognition that the liberal arts degree has already abandoned the traditional canon.
But he has expressed doubts about regional newspapers, like The Los Angeles Times.
(You can brush up your Yiddish at “Soul Doctor”: “mamish,” I learned, means “certainly” or “surely.”) Yet more life change is just around the corner, when a record producer hears Shlomo serenading lost souls in the park.
Fernando Torres blossomed there, was sold to Liverpool and is now a Chelsea player.
Wright extended his hitting streak to 12 games, and he put the Mets on the board in the sixth inning when he floated a run-scoring single to right field.
The establishment of a court would have to be accompanied by clear and public standards for how a suspect can be named an enemy combatant and a detailed explanation of the process now used by the White House.
“All peace-loving Pakistanis should be satisfied that a monster who had unleashed terror in Pakistan and elsewhere is dead,” said Pervez Musharraf, the former military leader, who is under house arrest.
In Mr. Obama’s first term, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Geithner both laid claim to China.
While previous quota reductions have hurt fishermen, environmental advocates and even fishermen have said that, despite high groundfish prices, they are not landing their full quotas.
While insurers may encourage use of urgent care clinics, they shouldn’t be used for true emergencies.
In 2007, I was named Delphi’s C.E.O.
I’ve seen that face before, on sketchy policemen in Rio, Tangier and Freetown.
TEAM HOUSTON ROCKETS PROJECTED FINISH A Western Conference first-round loss.
The television critic Emily Nussbuam wrote about hate-watching the show “Smash” for The New Yorker : “Why would I go out of my way to watch a show that makes me so mad?
The separation came on the heels of a failure, “The Spirit,” which had a reported budget of about $60 million, but took in only about $20 million at the domestic box office.
I don’t want to go backwards.
My mom spent most nights at the hospital.
Fortunately for Marvin Lewis’s club, there were big plays that went their way.
“I just want to know,” a woman asked Goldstein at the end of her interview, after talking about the man she’d spent the last several loving years with, “is this medicine going to work?
(Iseman ultimately dropped the suit after The Times agreed to print a note to readers saying the story was not intended to imply a romantic relationship.)
Mr. Berlusconi’s conviction spurred deep-rooted uncertainty within a party that must now grapple with a political future in which its founder and leader, who also faces a ban from public office, will have to redefine his dominant role.
The criminal threat, essentially a form of online extortion called ransomware, relied on malware that authorities believe was developed by the Russian-led gang.
At the forum in August at which so many of the candidates were hunched over their phones, Mr. Weiner notably leaned far back in his chair.
The mentality, she said, is “Why rock the boat?” Yet the elections also hinted at more volatility in German politics, with the Greens, for example, tumbling from 20 percent-plus showings two years ago to less than 9 percent on Sunday.
The Suno sample sale continues through Friday, with whimsical items like a hydrangea matte-sequin pencil skirt ($65), up to 80 percent off.
“They just don’t even think about it, they don’t even know what’s happening; some do it by constant assessing and remembering and optimizing it, lap by lap.
In such circumstances, the traditional 10-best list, always arbitrary, seems downright cruel — to filmmakers, to readers and to the overwhelmed critic who must kill, or at least neglect, some of his darlings and subject himself to the self-flagellation of second-guessing.
WEATHER As nice as yesterday: mostly sunny with a high of 78.
to say something about the nasty turn in Episode 3 or the surprise in Episode 11?
The billionaire Alfredo Harp Helú opened this baseball academy, La Academia de Béisbol Alfredo Harp Helú, in 2009, and the sparkling school has seven baseball fields, a weight room, trainers, dormitories, even custom-made artwork by local potters.
And even though Mr. Lynch and Mr. Buffett clearly stand above the rest of us mere mortals, one piece of their advice doesn’t replace the other requirements of good investing behavior.
We would build a school.
The members of the jazz quartet, even when playing composed material, seemed semi-independent from one another, using completely flexible rhythm and flowing nuances of touch and feel; this music felt mysterious and evolving.
Haden said that with the Browns leading, 7-3, in the third quarter, Hoyer approached him on the sideline and told him that if the defense held, the offense would score again to secure the victory.
But it is also an extraordinarily large risk.” The triumphant conservatives are happy to make hay with the left’s disarray.
Steals de Blasio’s outer-borough fence-sitters and white men in Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn.
Instead of bolstering an obviously weaker defense or adding a proven goaltender, Snow opted for offense.
Driven by failure to win the Champions League last year, Heynckes told the players there was only one way they could soothe the hurt they felt 12 months ago.
The fructose, which is almost twice as sweet as glucose, is what distinguishes sugar from other carbohydrate-rich foods like bread or potatoes that break down upon digestion to glucose alone.
■ Nick Barham joined TBWA/Chiat/Day, part of the TBWA Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group, as chief strategy officer for TBWA/Chiat/Day Los Angeles, a new post.
When no virus could be found in the men for months, they stopped taking the drugs.
The little-seen Lincoln was created by Boano, an Italian coachbuilder, in an attempt to impress the Ford Motor Company for future commissions.
Finally, one of my cousins devised a solution.
Opened in June, the three-story cedar-shake building evokes turn-of-the-century seaside estates.
Mr. Silver has won significant legislative victories on issues important to Democratic lawmakers.
Once flowers hide away their pollen this way, natural selection favors bees that can give the flowers a harder shake.
A $6 bag of heroin in New York City fetches $10 in southern New England but up to $30 or $40 in northern New England, law enforcement officials said.
On Wednesday, he stood on the clubhouse’s new carpet and looked around, certain that a core group of A’s had been together for several years.
(Anderson) RatKing (Sunday) Tagged straight out of the gate as the East Coast’s answer to Odd Future, this hip-hop crew’s frenetically paced rhymes and combination of dissonant effects and rapid beats can conjure other upstart acts.
BRONX “Four Seasons,” installation by Philip Haas.
He recreated the bygone menus, with their florid typography and French-only lexicon.
So, I’ve designed a tool, in the form of an interactive graphic , that allows you to make different sets of assumptions about immigration reform, population growth and racial voting patterns.
The tragic loss of the Monitor was more of an emotional blow to the country than a real military setback.
Seven months earlier, he had shocked the world with an 11th-round technical knockout of Tyson, who was on the comeback trail after serving a prison sentence for rape and was thought to have returned to the fearsome form he had shown as a young fighter.
Meanwhile, Mr. Duncan Smith is left to decide whether to pick up the gauntlet laid down by a benefit recipient, interviewed by the BBC, who challenged the minister to match his experience of living on £53 a week.
Transit system employees have been embroiled in a dispute for months with BART management over wages, safety procedures, pensions and health benefits.
PG: They wanted to deport John Lennon?
Financial backing, meanwhile, has come from various sources, among them the deep-pocketed Paul G. Allen , whose Vulcan Inc. has invested in what it terms “advanced nuclear technologies.” In brief — or so the movie’s one-sided reasoning goes — everything that anti-nuclear energy activists and skeptics have thought about the issue is wrong.
The neighborhood is home to poor Pashtun families, and the virus is regularly detected in its sewers.
He was eliminated in the first round, however, by Boris Spassky of the Soviet Union, whom Fischer had unseated as champion in their celebrated match the previous year.
“I’ve never done this before,” said Stewart, who made do by reversing the order — baseball hat and then ski cap — as he hit the field.
(There are six signs there that tell pedestrians to stay away.
The documentary, directed by Morgan Neville (“Johnny Cash’s America”), delves deep into this often-ignored corner of the music business — the history, the histrionics, the heartache.
But as Mr. Bogle and many low-cost advocates argue, how can you find market-beating managers in advance?
“Pippin” sold four times as many tickets as usual on Monday, while the best play winner “Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike” tripled its usual box office take for a Monday, according to the spokesmen for those shows.
What walked in?” @ nickbilton Facebook developers use MACS.
His last column for The Express-News was published on Aug. 23.
A decision is not expected before the end of September, Andrea Titz, a spokeswoman for the Munich court, said in a statement.
The surveys “tentatively confirm the expectation of a stabilization of economic activity at low levels,” Mr. Draghi said.
At a public memorial service on April 25, he offered a eulogy for a first responder named Cyrus Reed, referring to the two men as brothers as he described their tight friendship.
While it is nicely renovated, the miniature stainless steel refrigerator accommodated by its kitchen area is only hip-high.
Ms. Hopman said: “The next step is some water — like a bowl of water, or a stream if you’re lucky.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been charged with the bombings and is being held in a federal medical detention facility outside Boston.
That is an indication the preserves are almost ready.
This blog will no longer be updated, but the column will continue as articles — the same sort you see across nytimes.com.
Data released in recent weeks suggest both are happening.
But soon after the ceremony, the United States Embassy in Phnom Penh issued a statement saying Mr. Todd’s attendance was “not an endorsement of any election outcome or of any political party.” The statement also called for a “transparent review of irregularities” in the July election that would help address “flaws in the electoral process.”
She later moved in and out of Washington’s revolving door, landing as a lobbyist for what is now known as the CME Group, the giant Chicago exchange that she now regulates at the trading commission.
The crew you recruit for the job is likely to include a jugmarker, the tactical genius who designs these delicate operations; a lip man to deliver the boss’s orders; a boxman to crack the safe; a bagman to handle the loot; a wheelman to drive the getaway car; and maybe a couple of buttonmen (“they hurt people”) to facilitate the whole enterprise.
9 P.M. (USA) WHITE COLLAR Season 5 opens with the F.B.I.
Since making his season debut Jan. 12, Wall has been nothing short of a transformative presence.
Some economists raised their growth estimates for the January-March period as a result of the construction report.
Here’s where to stay, eat and sleep in this Umbrian hill town.
“Obviously Cyprus is a shock, it’s greater than we expected, but so far it hasn’t affected our broader outlook.”
“It is a new framework to consider now that we’re in great conversations with the people that buy and enjoy our products,” Ms. Vernón said.
In her hearing before the judiciary committee in February of 2011, conservative senators did their best to get her to commit to conservative views about judicial interpretation of the law, but her straightforward responses should have satisfied anyone who cares about the independence of the courts.
I talked to him days after he first saw data on the severity of the Reading Fire.
Unfortunately, a nice-sounding label hadn’t protected us.
Honda said it wasn’t aware of any accidents, injuries or owner complaints.
$21.95 to $29.95; children under 2, free.
Restoration of the #CapitolDome begins in November.
Line: Broncos by 10 Pick: Broncos BRETT MICHAEL DYKES
In fact, they welcomed it.
In some North European countries like Denmark, social democratic parties have pinned their fate on embracing an open, globalized economy and making social protection more selective.
In theory, in 19 cases out of 20, overall results based on such samples will differ by no more than three percentage points in either direction from what would have been obtained by seeking to interview all American adults.
April 16 through July 26.
John Janedis, an analyst with UBS, said that it made sense for The Times to issue a dividend now because the company was selling its final noncore asset, The New England Media Group, which includes The Boston Globe.
Currently about 50 million Americans, nearly all them poor, receive health care coverage under Medicaid, a federal program administered by the states.
Hot and Cold Tomatoes Yield: 4 servings ⅓ cup extra virgin olive oil 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced 1 sprig of thyme 1 pint Sungold cherry tomatoes 2 large heirloom tomatoes (beefsteak variety) ¼ cup basil leaves 2 tablespoons vinegar (red wine or balsamic) 1 tablespoon salt 1.
The community expects each season that the Rams, who have three state titles and three runner-up trophies, will advance deep into the playoffs, at least until Thanksgiving, preferably until mid-December.
But there are not enough votes in the city’s economic elite to elect a mayor, even when you open up the election to include all the independents and Republicans.
Gus Poyet was hired to coach Sunderland, which is in last place in the Premier League.
That jarring view of history, in a magazine published by one of Germany’s largest news media companies and available for download on Amazon and Apple’s iTunes, has come under fire from a prominent American Jewish group.
J. M. Coetzee, Jennifer Egan, Hemingway, Elizabeth Strout, Jhumpa Lahiri, Dave Eggers, Ian McEwan, David Foster Wallace, Junot Díaz, Kurt Vonnegut, Alice Munro (I know, she writes short stories, but many of them have the arc of condensed novels).
A court hearing in a provincial town on Friday exposed a bitter family rift over arrangements for his funeral.
A soldier accused of killing five fellow servicemen at a military counseling center in Iraq in 2009 has reached a plea deal with Army prosecutors that would spare him from facing the death penalty, his lawyer said on Friday.
Despite our reputation abroad, that is probably why banks don’t really figure in our sense of who we are; we just let them get on with it.
After that, customers can add as much sugar as they want.
It was in part because of her efforts that the City Council held hearings in 2012, in which lawmakers discussed the need for the cemetery to be more accessible to the public — both in terms of record keeping and access.
High school students from a program in the Bronx called Rocking the Boat, which teaches boatbuilding, constructed one of the 10 whaleboats that will be onboard the ship during portions of its voyage.
This discreet move toward stability persuaded Louise Dieterle Nippert, a Procter & Gamble heiress, to create an $85 million fund that essentially pays for the Cincinnati Opera and Cincinnati Ballet, which also perform in Music Hall, to hire the orchestra as their house band.
The governor promised not to raise taxes.
The word “resilience” has become an unofficial slogan.
In “The Mindy Project,” at 9:30, Mindy (Mindy Kaling) prepares to host her own medical segment on the local news.
We respect JAL’s decision to suspend some 787 service on specific routes.” The move came after six incidents from April to November involving five 747-8s and one 787 in which aircraft powered by GE’s GEnx engines suffered temporary loss of thrust while flying at high altitude.
But would I be prepared to play a universally despised emblem of evil again?
This year, he has 12 through his first 11 starts, including at least one in each of his last five.
“Digital Dance,” drawings by Chuck Davidson.
¶Many of them are income-constrained; as per Professor Stiglitz, if they had more income they would spend it.
They also, at least occasionally, run downhill, a movement that isn’t easily done on a treadmill and that stresses muscles differently than running on flat or uphill terrain.
In his first 13 games as a head coach — Kidd was serving a suspension for drunken driving in the first two — the Nets have been outscored by 67 points in the third quarter, which raises questions about what kind of adjustments, or lack of them, are going on at halftime.
¶ Ignacio Camacho scored in the 90th minute, giving Málaga a 2-2 tie at Barcelona in the first leg of their Copa del Rey quarterfinal.
The model projected that — unlike as in 2008 — California voters would have rejected a same-sex marriage ban had it been on the ballot in November 2012.
Now, as part of a striking experiment, she can.
Ben Rothenberg reports from Charlottesville, Virginia.
Marsha was futuristic, streetwise and highly fashionable.
Some speculated that the episode was drug-related, noting that the woman was carrying two bags and a witness reported that she looked over her shoulder, in a nervous manner, just before the minivan zoomed up alongside the couple.
The outlets in the second group, the independent channels, are feeling threatened these days.
In the waning hours of a warm and muggy night, sports fans here indulged in two favorite pastimes: watching hockey and consuming some of the world’s finest beer.
Lashkar-e-Taiba was founded with help from the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate, Pakistan’s spy agency, in the 1990s, and its presumed leader, Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, lives openly in the eastern city of Lahore.
A brief thought inspired by the suddenly prominent debate over secular stagnation.
So Mr. Gammalo was 66 when he received a lung; his newly found buddy, Clyde Conn, who received the other lung from the same donor, was 69.
And with millions of dollars being paid out each year in the extras, the fund missed out on all the investment income that money would have brought in.
In any case, every past is worth revisiting, even if it is the dirtiest possible past.
Fatigue is a complex, multifaceted condition.
Tom F. Allon, another Republican hopeful, had previously received the Liberal Party endorsement, but he abandoned his mayoral bid in March.
“My reaction was like, ‘Wait, why are they shooting at him?’” The man, identified as Glenn Broadnax, 35, of Brooklyn, did not have a gun, the police said.
In her note on March 22 , the principal, Joanne R. Creedon, urged the students to “get that spotlight on the good.” Among other student-sponsored good deeds, she said, the Interact Club was holding a dodgeball tournament for charity that Friday.
“Are you still upset?” she asked quietly.
There is a trade off though.
Jim Leach, the chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities, said in a statement: “Martin Scorsese is a scholar of, advocate for, and icon of American cinema.
And the more calamitous of them (museums in Milwaukee, Denver, Rome, Amsterdam, Ottawa, the list goes on) involved engineering feats and celebrated architects.
Upstairs, Mr. Belmont’s bedroom opened onto a ballroom with an enormous pipe organ that loomed over it (and still does).
Because the country is a tax haven where corporations and wealthy foreigners stash their money.
According to prosecutors, as hundreds of his fellow Kikuyus were being slaughtered by rival ethnic groups after the 2007 election, he bankrolled death squads that carried out revenge attacks against women and children of Mr. Odinga’s group, the Luos.
John Wall missed a driving layup attempt at the buzzer for Washington, which was seeking its third straight win.
Carl C. Icahn hasn’t exactly been quiet about his efforts to persuade Apple of the wisdom of a giant share buyback.
Europe’s debt crisis has meant that bonds have been replacing bank loans in corporate finance on the Continent, and Goldman has been a major player in this shift.
When you come across a scene that interests you, how are you thinking about composition and color?
There is no way that any conceivable Israeli government will implement the necessary redeployment from the West Bank in a manner that will facilitate the creation of a Palestinian state — contiguous or otherwise.
He and Collins had been peppered with questions about Wright coming back — and potentially risking further injury — when there were only 10 games left in the season.
Ernst & Young recruits heavily on college campuses for entry-level positions, no experience required.
The agencies involved are Secret Weapon Marketing, Santa Monica, Calif., and Scout Sports and Entertainment, part of Horizon Media.
Ebla, occupied by even a few rebels, is suffering the effects of more traffic, damage and theft.
The arrest on Monday of Senator John L. Sampson of Brooklyn, who was charged with embezzlement and other crimes, was the second time in barely a month that a former leader of the Senate Democratic caucus was accused of corruption by federal prosecutors.
“Rusty,” by Benoit-Swan Pouffer, was much more brazen about its structural carelessness.
“Apparently they have a sea of unpaid interns whose sole job is to troll the Internet looking for copyright infringement,” she said of the authority.
Derek Jeter stood at his locker Friday night and insisted that he was healthy, that his legs — the left leg that had gone through a lengthy rehabilitation from a twice-broken ankle and the right one that sustained a quadriceps strain — were not bothering him.
I was inspired by a fruit vendor who parks his cart on a corner a few blocks away from my street to combine cucumbers with melon and season the mix with chili, as they do in Mexico.
In addition to the bombings in the capital, explosives were set off north of Baghdad, near Mosul and in Tuz Khurmato.
Use our questions for test preparation or just for fun.
Tyrone A. Forman, the director of the James Weldon Johnson Institute for the Study of Race and Difference at Emory University, said the use of derogatory words can mean different things to different groups.
“We must coordinate at a European level, harmonize our rules and come up with strategies to stop this.”
Most unmarried mothers today, demographers say, are in their 20s and early 30s.
Now, he is overseeing a country of 725,000 people in the midst of one of the most thorough transformations in the world.
In the fall, the aquarium will recommence its school program (12,000 schoolchildren used the aquarium’s classrooms the year before the storm), as well as professional development work for teachers.
“How many people start electric car companies?” he said in an interview.
That amount is roughly equal to the spillage left when bags are filled with fertilizer in the factory.
I imagined watching the sun burst over peaks crowned by ancient crenelated watchtowers in the morning.
Adrian Eröd, a baritone, kept emotion in check as Shylock, irrespective of whether developments favored him or not, yet you felt the injustices the character suffers.
The paintings date from the mid-1980s to 2008.
But Mr. Esser said Die Zeit would maintain some separation, even if the print and online staffs increasingly coordinate on matters like story planning.
I still remember the afternoon we stood in the lake and hauled in leviathan Dolly Varden trout, only to see a very large brown bear squinting at us from the shore as if gauging whether we were worth the effort.
Twitter was two years from appearing.
As we swirl (nonchronologically) through the years, that useful Equerry sets the scenes for us, with details about the provenance of rituals and furniture.
Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky and a fierce critic of what he sees as excessive government intrusion, said he would take up the mantle of the House reformers and try to curtail N.S.A.
“We have gotten some very serious clients because of this campaign,” Mr. Rovira said.
Gilley’s Gallery (8750 Florida Boulevard, Baton Rouge, 225-922-9225; gilleysgallery.com ).
The explosions brought life in Boston to a halt.
It is also difficult to find them online.
Each of these talented men senses that he’s led a charmed life.
Williams rolled to her 33rd straight victory and has also won 28 straight sets, which meant that after all the drama-tinged news conferences and pretournament public apologies, she could settle into a much more lighthearted vein on Thursday.
“Things are going from worse to worse.” Dalia Radi, 22, got married Aug. 15, but instead of a honeymoon, spent the week sitting on plastic chairs in a parking lot outside the crossing.
The stock market will be tested with the looming debate over the so-called sequester — the government budget cuts that will take effect starting on Friday if lawmakers fail to reach an agreement over spending and taxes.
In St. Bart’s try Le Ti, though best to leave the children on the boat as showgirls take to the tabletops when the sun goes down.
“In the very few abortions where fetal pain could possibly occur,” he said, “consider what can be done to avoid inflicting a lot of pain on the fetus.” He said a common method used after 20 weeks — injecting amniotic fluid or fetuses with heart-stopping medication before removing the fetus — “would be fine, really, from a point of view of fetal pain,” a “compassionate way to do it.” Anti-abortion advocates disagree, equating the injections with heart attacks.
He declined to provide details on local franchise partners or future store openings but he said the decision to come back to the country had been easy.
Thus r4c4 and r5c4 are both J’s.
By comparison, Missy Franklin, a swimmer who won four gold medals at the London Olympics, has been tested 14 times by the United States Anti-Doping Agency since March 29, 2012, including four times outside of competition.
President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan on Monday urged Pakistan to help arrange peace talks with the Taliban, but expectations were low that much progress would be made in reviving negotiations.
In December, government jets attacked Yarmouk Camp for the first time, killing at least eight people and driving hundreds more to flee to Lebanon.
“The high losses were attributed in part to unsuitable equipment,” he wrote, including “summer uniforms, knives and single shot rifles” for fighting at 10,000 feet and above.
Comme des Garçons dress, $4,310; (212) 604-9200.
[$10, reservations required, no children under 13] • The Times’s Weekend Miser recommends a show of art about surviving Hurricane Sandy at Industry City in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
“I felt personally it was the right moment to celebrate women of that age.”
Kiana was still, for now, at Carroll Academy.
Mr. Grillo brushed off those concerns.
And then I said, “By the way, don’t let anyone in again.” You can catch people off guard.
How much should character and off-field behavior be considered in voting?
Some aides who were advising Mr. Clinton when he selected Mr. Greenspan are now advising Mr. Obama, and it is not hard to imagine why they may see Mr. Summers as a more natural bridge from a Republican-run Fed.
But in an interview, he said his government intended to maintain Georgia’s pro-Western orientation and would press ahead with efforts to join NATO, despite objections from Moscow.
And the rent on his 2,000-square-foot store recently jumped to $150 a square foot, from its longtime price of $70, he said.
Mr. Aycock recently led the House in the vote to undo the current default curriculum, which requires four years each in science, social studies, English and math in favor of a plan that would require only three years of science, math and social studies.
She arrived with Mr. Snowden on a flight from Hong Kong in June that left them unintentionally stranded in a transit zone at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow.
“When I met François, I was an activist and not into fashion at all,” she said.
In September, a federal judge ordered a new trial for five former police officers convicted in connection with the shootings of citizens, two of whom died, on the Danziger Bridge.
“Never did the police say, ‘We want to look at the communications records to prove whether or not what she said about the orchestration had occurred.’ ” Seeberg underscored what he saw as stark differences in the way each case was handled.
In a filing to the International Criminal Court , where Mr. Senussi is wanted on charges of crimes against humanity, the lawyers said that the government was planning to put him on trial together with other senior officials of the former government of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, including the colonel’s son Seif al-Islam el-Qaddafi.
It will face the B.J.P.
These people often seem like flat Pirandello-esque creatures, moved about by the author as chess pieces in a mirror game played out between reality and art, the actual and the imagined.
The standard span of 80 or so years suddenly seemed woefully inadequate.
The current ability of insiders to adopt low-threshold poison pills is a highly relevant factor for any assessment of the rules governing the relationship between incumbents and outside shareholders.
Years later, long into his sobriety and shortly after his liver transplant, I asked him if he remembered our meeting in Minnesota.
India in 1983 was still in its infant stages of economic development; however, like today, it was a popular destination among Westerners with its marketable poverty, a lingering sense of spirituality, mysticism and a rich history.
“I just wanted to photograph the Puerto Rican community in Camden,” he said.
Upon being met by Maj. Gen. A.J.
“He was about helping the kids, and he just loved to be around them and the game.
Others have crossed the border to join the rebel fighters.
Each year, the couple celebrate their anniversary by planting another peony.
The board described the difficulties in a letter to Senator Ron Wyden, the Oregon Democrat who is the chairman of the Senate Energy Committee.
There weren’t many available, so I got a master’s in education at George Washington University and then found a teaching job in a Washington suburb.
The first eight days of 2013 were among the 20 hottest on record.
Louis Michel & Fils Petit Chablis 2010 Louis Michel makes pure, precise, focused Chablis.
Hardly clever, it is only three words — an insult directed at the opposing goalkeeper — but enough to give M.L.S.
With so much else so similar around the court between men and women, the raw serving power to begin the point is the dominant theme.
“If you’re successful in bringing several thousand affluent customers to a site, you’re then prime to offer brands and advertising to that audience,” Mr. Sacks added.
Popovich has a pet phrase, adopted from Jacob Riis’s stonecutter analogy.
“Out of a blue sky... black!” You can be sure the weather isn’t the actual topic that sends Nina Leeds (Anne-Marie Duff) reeling somewhere in the third of nine “acts” (extended scenes, really) that make up “Strange Interlude,” Eugene O’Neill’s defiantly quirky, often rather wonderful play that seems destined to be forever remembered for a related on-screen witticism: “Pardon me while I have a strange interlude,” snaps Groucho Marx in the 1930 film “Animal Crackers,” which followed the play’s premiere by two years.
Her approach is sometimes a tad lugubrious for my taste, but the songs are irresistible.
The dark silhouette of that mountain, standing alone against the bluest sky.
Shortly after she was hired Ms. Lang brought on Bain & Company, a Boston consulting firm, to help her turn the company around.
These immediate challenges, he said, can be addressed with a 10-year commitment by the government to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure.
patients who harbor germs for tuberculosis but have no symptoms; full-blown TB is a leading killer of AIDS victims.
I knew he was going to challenge me every play.” Yet Riley has never made the list of named finalists, either in his initial 20 years of eligibility or during his last five as a senior.
The book is not about tragic ends.
You didn’t know if the blackout was just in New York or the world.
If that be so, then the case of the appellant appears in rather poor light and the claim for patent for beta crystalline form of Imatinib Mesylate would only appear as an attempt to obtain patent for Imatinib Mesylate, which would otherwise not be permissible in this country.
Walking out of the Parsons building on Seventh Avenue, Mr. Pinault inquired about some of the works on display.
Horses just seem to listen to her.
While Japan’s surprisingly modest plan was an unwelcome development to climate delegates, it was just one of many indications that negotiators would have a difficult time arranging anything beyond a cosmetic deal in Warsaw.
The councilman’s press secretary, Alex Moore, said that proposals for school improvements tended to fall into two categories: “Fixing the grossest thing in the school versus making a tangible, educational investment.” Mr. Lander, he said, “thinks it’s great that the community is using participatory budgeting to show their priories for funding.”
We have posted every single comment that came to the blog this summer in response to one of our weekly Summer Reading questions (“What Interested You Most in The Times This Week?”), as well as those posted to the announcement of the contest itself .
• A question-and-answer article on Tuesday about horse meat and the American food supply misstated, in some editions, the number of pounds of meatballs Ikea was withdrawing from sale in 14 European countries.
Shares of Empire State Realty Trust Inc., whose office properties include the iconic 102-story Art Deco tower, raised $929.5 million on Tuesday in one of the largest initial public offerings of a United States real estate investment trust, or REIT.
I’ve given her first novel, “Brother of the More Famous Jack” to dozens of people, and like me, they fall rapturously in love with Trapido’s breezy, raunchy and unsentimental style.
The filmmaker John Waters, who has drawn heavily from the cinematic experimentation of the 1960s, once said that Mr. Montez “forever holds the highest position of royalty in the world of underground cinema.” In 2012, the Berlin International Film Festival presented him with a lifetime achievement award in “queer film,” calling him “the great drag superstar.” “Whether he is playing The Wife, The Mother, The Whore or The Virgin, Montez captures the ineffable essence of femininity,” Charles Ludlam, founder of the Ridiculous Theatrical Company, wrote in the book “Ridiculous Theater: Scourge of Human Folly.” Mr. Montez, he wrote, “has dignity.” Mr. Montez was a regular with the Ridiculous troupe, which strove to shock with surreal settings, cross-gender casting and wild improvisation.
The devil don’t care!” The woman didn’t flinch and continued with her tirade.
The golf cart that usually carries him to the home-team dugout is broken, so he walks, slowly.
Meeting a local baby on the island of Torcello in the Venetian lagoon.
It closes with a voice-over promising, “Degree — it won’t let you down,” and the tag line for the campaign: “Do:More.” In another spot , Alex Morgan, the Olympic women’s soccer team gold medalist, is shown first kicking a ball around, then carrying a surfboard and oar to the beach for stand-up paddleboarding.
That was a separate behavior inherited on its own, so that the mice could produce tunnels of any length, with or without escape tunnels.
“I’m always hoping for something better,” she said.
Tuesdays through Thursdays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., 170 Central Park West, at 77th Street, (212) 485-9268, nyhistory.org.
But now there is also fluidity.
Westport Public Library, 20 Jesup Road.
The African country produced perhaps the best performance of its checkered existence as a test-playing nation when it beat Pakistan by 24 runs in Harare on Saturday.
— ANDREW W. LEHREN Geoffrey Mutai, age 32 of Kenya, has won the men’s race in 2:08:24, or 4:55 minutes per mile.
He recalled visiting Soviet museums that, despite stifling conformity and censorship, forged a collective ideal for artists.
The new secretary of State, John Kerry , may find China to be his most difficult foreign policy challenge.
It found that chicken contained inorganic arsenic at the level of about two parts per billion.
Linta said he thought Flacco should be paid like a top-five quarterback.
That it doesn’t quite work out that way ranks as one of the greater disappointments in a season that has made a practice of dashing hopes.
Psychotherapy faces an uphill battle in making this case to the public.
The agency has also weighed citing Mr. Cohen for failing to supervise his employees, a civil charge that another federal regulator leveled this week against Jon S. Corzine , the former chief executive of MF Global .
The pass zipped behind a wide-open Doyle.
Did you do your homework?
He holds the record for most games in a Boston Celtics uniform, for a player with the surname Green.
“By leveraging one of Wilson’s most unique cultural assets into an economic engine of entrepreneurial job creation and tourism, the Wilson community will add vibrancy to its historic downtown,” the park’s Web site said.
In Philadelphia, the local NBC station declared this spring to be “The Cicada Invasion That Wasn’t.” And while parts of the upper Hudson Valley crunch from the residue of carcasses, most of Westchester County has gone straight from a rainy spring to an incursion of mosquitoes and the emergence of fireflies.
On top of that, it helps the Giants that Cruz has hired Tom Condon as his agent.
Fridays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; and by appointment.
The violations, according to the May 2012 audit, stemmed largely from operator and system errors like “inadequate or insufficient research” when selecting wiretap targets.
That was not always the case.
He used Stoudemire, who just returned from a two-month layoff, to start the fourth quarter.
She said that while the reasons for his suicide were complex, she would like to see more attention paid to prevention and support for family members who lose someone to suicide.
But then, every week after that it seemed to get better.
Chantal Bacon collaborated with the local craftsman Eric Lamers, who has restored homes by John Lautner and Richard Neutra, on the white-on-white oak palette.
In Neko’s Puddle game ($5), you conduct dripping liquids along various surfaces by tilting them, but the arrow keys would do just as well.
Every organization that lobbies on behalf of those workers has collected many stories of employees told to come to work now, or don’t ever come back, when calling to explain an absence due to surgery or a vomiting child, or to ask permission to go to the doctor .
As a right back he struggled to get forward, and when he did he was unable to combine well with teammates.
The mission: re-create the history of the news media in two minutes or less.
Andy Murray advanced to the men’s semifinals by beating Marin Cilic, 6-4, 6-3.
And with that, I head off the grid for a vacation.
Flashes of the usual brilliance remain but occur less frequently, less consistently, until a player who once seemed anything but beatable is now eminently so.
“Inexplicable delays in reporting election results; misplaced and sometimes dramatically misreported returns; failures to open polling places on time or keep them operating efficiently: The sad litany of past Board of Elections bungles is a long one,” he said.
He said he did not know how he would apply that major if he were forced to start another career.
It does not include the names of those wounded or killed by officers, or of the officers involved.
Yet the bulk of the new jobs are low-wage jobs in sectors like retail, restaurants and home health care, many without benefits or opportunities for advancement, a study by the Fiscal Policy Institute , a research organization, shows.
DAREDEVIL The Daring Life of Betty Skelton Written and illustrated by Meghan McCarthy 48 pp.
Icon 4×4’s name might suggest that it works only with trucks, but Mr. Ward and his crew have also crafted a series of patina-covered rat rods.
But, to my mind, he wasn’t clear enough about that in his correspondence.
folks locate him in countrified Storrs.
Recently, I was changing my 2-year-old son’s diaper and I happened to be shirtless.
And it’s one of the things which is, depending on your vantage point, and where you stand in the story, and what your agenda is, and what happened to you, or shouldn’t have happened to you, or did happen to you, or didn’t happen to you, defines how you tell the story.
Fort Worth’s lawsuit, filed in October, is hardly an outlier.
The effort kicked off in the morning with several panel discussions at the Chamber of Commerce, including one conversation in which the Bipartisan Policy Center, a nonprofit based in Washington, unveiled a new study that found a broad immigration overhaul would help the economy.
“That really is where the risk is.
The cause was a heart attack, his daughter, Reed Abelson, a business reporter for The New York Times, said.
The screenplay has flashes of sly wit, like a tender moment when Liberace says to Thorson, “You’ve been good for me, Scott,” and the dim young man furrows his brow and asks, “When?” A slow-building scene involving Liberace’s mother (played by an unrecognizable Debbie Reynolds) and a home slot machine that runs out of coins is painfully funny.
Assume the option is long-dated and expires in five years.
I love her.” NAOMI It is an odd twist of fate that Stephen King’s first child, Naomi, was born with a chronic deficit of the hormone adrenaline.
To accommodate more than that on the same channel, the microphones would have to be about 1,000 feet apart, an impossibility within a single theater, and essentially ruling out most nearby theaters.
assessment is also a prelude to a significant expansion of the bank’s powers, which are already vast.
Are you glared at in public places because of your frequent coughing, so annoying to others?” The afflicted were advised to write to Pertussin for a free bottle.)
But the much greater truth is that we are now holding the economy hostage to policies that are proper for the long-term – like stabilizing the debt-to-gross-domestic-product ratio – at a time when we face special circumstances that make such policies perverse.
Even the cautious Froome allowed himself the luxury of measured optimism after Friday’s stage.
EAST HAMPTON The Naked Stage, staged reading of “Elysian Fields,” a new play by Chris Phillips.
Office of the Prosecutor is investigating and prosecuting cases in eight situations — Uganda, Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Darfur, Kenya, Libya, Ivory Coast and Mali.
It allocated 3.2 percent of its budget to health care this year, according to the Finance Ministry’s 2013 budget documents.
Not just in his overflowing musicality, Bernstein recalls Mozart, with their shared childlike wonder in play.
But his voice was familiar to Cubans who heard his broadcasts for Radio Martí, the United States government radio station that broadcasts from Miami.
The fourth-biggest album of the year — and the only rock title in the Top 10 — was Mumford & Sons ’ “Babel” (Glassnote), with almost 1.5 million copies sold.
But it does mean that it was bound to be caught up in controversy and heated debate.”
– Ashwin Seshagiri Inside Apple Seattlepi.com | Apple interns talk about what it’s like to work at the secretive company.
for assistance in analyzing a hard drive that Mr. Todd’s mother found in his apartment after his death.
Washington State voters, with only four* mainly-urban counties around Seattle bucking the tide, appeared to reject* a ballot initiative that would have required labeling for foods with genetically modified ingredients (with a variety of exceptions), according to the state’s election Web site .
The men have comb-overs or pompadours or perms.
A reporter or producer will follow up in the coming days.
He personally warned Alan Greenspan, then the Federal Reserve chairman, about a stock-market bubble in 1996 – and briefly influenced Mr. Greenspan to worry publicly about “irrational exuberance.” A decade ago, when many investors and analysts were saying home prices never fall, Mr. Shiller said that they were more likely to fall 40 percent and cause a recession than to continue rising.
She found solace in books, and determined early to be a writer.
Neither Ms. Roberts nor Ms. Young is someone you would want to mess with (or take your eyes off), yet Ms. Young has the fiercer role: she’s the one who just won’t let it go.
Because Vonn’s knee has been reconstructed and requires months of recovery as she prepares for the 2014 Winter Olympics, she is expected to be on crutches for another few weeks — something to which Woods, who had reconstructive surgery on his left knee in 2008, can relate.
Thirty-two games are enough for these two teams to display their strengths and reveal their flaws.
PEEKSKILL “Drive By Shooting: At the Intersection of Man and Nature,” photographs by Dan Harelick.
In 2013, make a bucket list of the fun you want to have as a family — then get those ideas on the calendar.
Bihar’s chief minister, Nitish Kumar, recently ended an alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party in an acrimonious parting of ways.
Sponsored by Middle Earth, a nonprofit offering social and educational programs for youngsters.
Undaunted, Mr. Ford has indicated he will test the Council’s unprecedented moves in court.
The new proposal would return most of the revenue from the new tax to the public through utility rebates, federal deficit reduction, payments to displaced workers or investments in clean-energy projects.
If you’re looking for an offbeat or kooky experience, the app might not be for you.
Shortly after Mr. Perry signed the bill, which cleared both chambers of the Legislature unanimously, the Texas Education Agency announced that current high school students would not have to retake exams they had failed in any of the six subjects that the new law removed from the state’s testing requirements.
Appalling abysses of poverty, suffering and abuse for those least able to fend for themselves.
Unlike many weekending Londoners, who use second homes in the Cotswolds for entertaining, Mr. Lloyd Webber has preferred to keep the focus on music.
Mr. Schulze takes the fog into three dimensions by covering a corner of the gallery with gray carpet and tinting it with pale, cloudy colors.
that staple of ’80s hip-hop culture that was popularized by stars like Run-D.M.C.
When I checked in at the new Ritz-Carlton residences with my wife and three children, the valet took our skis, poles and boots.
I think when a marriage is that broken, you need to walk away.” Mr. Craig says they are determined to drag the play from the mannered place it tends to go and find “the guts” of Pinter’s brutality, masked as conversations about squash and Yeats and Torcello and the trouble with modern prose.
But Haas has been a force in the game in three decades.
She was sent to boarding school and then to a convent school.
1 and David Bowie has landed at No.
Or I can do both at the same time.
“Wide right” with Scott Norwood (Bills) in XXV?
When I get off a train, there are people there to photograph me.
The volume on the arena’s public-address system was turned down a few notches from its usual earsplitting levels.
Strips of rajas (poblano chiles), roasted over an open flame, grow tender and meaty under the influence of crema (Mexican sour cream) in the enchiladas doña Blanca, named after Mr. Aguilar’s mother, who gave him the recipe.
Dr. Maiga and his team hustled the young man into the ambulance and rushed him into the operating room to cauterize the wound, giving him powerful painkillers.
He was saved by resuscitation, after which his parents insisted that he learn to swim.
Afterward, he was reunited with his father, who lived outside Philadelphia and had been searching for him for years, unaware that he was so close at hand.
If nothing else, the settlement with Revlon tells companies that their dealings with minority shareholders may be subject to heightened government scrutiny, which can have its own deterrent effect.
Back in Tampa, rehabilitating from various injuries, are an impressive collection of Yankee players who, if healthy, could probably win a ballgame without much help from anyone else.
OCEANVILLE “Victor Grasso: Fable,” oil paintings inspired by the mythic folklore and characters of civilizations past.
OLD SAYBROOK Josh White Jr., blues and folk.
The Washington Post reported today that Mr. Biden’s group is weighing several ambitious proposals.
The law requires that the committees be kept informed of intelligence activities.
“I think it’s way less distracting than the cellphone,” she says.
One firearm was discovered, which Judge John Gleeson found to be a “dismal record.” The hit rate showed that the officer’s criteria for stopping people were “clearly constitutionally insufficient.” But the United States Supreme Court has been reluctant to calibrate “reasonable suspicion” to percentages.
Call us if anything #OpAntiSh #EndSH — قوة ضد التحرش (@OpAntiSH) 25 Jan 13 Despite the efforts of volunteers from Tahrir Bodyguard and OpAnti-SH, who work to protect female protesters against sexual harassment in the square, several activists and journalists reported either being attacked or witnessing assaults on women by groups of men as night drew in.
Journalists have swarmed to the previews and those of my era are tracking the literal differences between the actors and our memories.
Could I find the information there?
Yet in Mr. Abe’s mind, the country’s newfound economic prowess is a means to an end: to build a more powerful, assertive Japan, complete with a full-fledged military, as well as pride in its World War II-era past.
But in a world in which sexual violence remains as unconscionably prevalent as in ours, shouldn’t anyone who cares about women — about human rights — be asking all sorts of questions, including delicate ones?
The growing intraparty economic debate comes even as there is increasing cohesion on the cultural issues that once divided Democrats.
Take a look at recent auction calendars and you will find other titled auctions, too.
On Monday, what prevented the deal was still in dispute .
Carlos Jennewein, whose roots are in western Germany, moved to Berlin a few months later.
Gallery 66ny, 66 Main Street.
A search-and-rescue ranger, pointing out wild blueberries growing at the bottom of the nearby mountain (tart, tiny, delicious) told me that for some farmers the volcanic eruption of 2011 was good — about a fifth of an inch of lava acted as a mineral-rich fertilizer.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS (1-888-698-6397).
Readers had a strong response to Mr. Castro’s story, donating about $3,500 in his name to Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
“We’re going to stick to Soraya’s mission,” Mr. Montalvo said, “which is low fat, high fiber and as healthy as possible.” “God bless Betty Crocker,” he said, displaying a box of gluten-free Bisquick.
Mr. Dolmatov is returning to Russia — to be buried.
Companies that have come and stayed through the good and the bad have prospered.
Analyses show little relief ahead if China does not change growth policies and strengthen environmental regulation.
David Tuthill Jennings was born in Manhattan on June 8, 1952.
A dinner-size sampling from the pub menu, without drinks or tips, is about $60 for two.
Symptoms include diarrhea, fever and abdominal cramps that begin 12 to 36 hours after infection and can last three to five days.
“He’s progressing and we’ll leave it at that.” On Saturday, a jovial and smiling Pierre-Paul bounced, squatted and jumped through a series of sideline exercises.
Aug. 16 at 7:30 p.m. $3.
Imports of autos and other nonpetroleum products rose widely.
A dress may have three different colors, and a customer might have 30 colors from which to choose, she said.
They cost more than typical ads, and have always lagged behind viewership.
But a successful jester needed tact.
Jeff Frankel sorta-kinda defends Reinhart-Rogoff, and says that Alberto Alesina is the bigger austerity villain, having failed to receive his “fair share of abuse”.
By some estimates, at least 10,000 people may have died in Tacloban alone.
In about 60 hours, I had eight sandwiches in places both famous and not.
“There is no evidence that criminal activity is more heinous in Alabama than in other states or that Alabama juries are particularly lenient.” “The only answer that is supported by empirical evidence,” she wrote, “is one that, in my view, casts a cloud of illegitimacy over the criminal justice system: Alabama judges, who are elected in partisan proceedings, appear to have succumbed to electoral pressures.” She cited a study showing that overrides are more common in election years.
How do we keep from raising rapists or children who will not only stand by and allow a violating assault to occur, but end up blaming the victim as well?
That does not seem like a big deal, especially since the teams have been in Boise since Saturday.
These salaries, earned by privileged public employees, are real.
“What interests them is what matters most,” said Zhang Huiguang, director of the cultural assets office.
Which brings us to the point of this legislative fairy tale.
Many Dutch speakers still view the monarchy as an alien institution that speaks mainly for the French-speaking community, but few bear Albert any personal animus.
He is a circuit court judge for the Dane County district, not a county judge.
I’ve learned to recognize when I’m being spoken to by the muse.
We urge voters to approve the change.
Just who constitutes an everyday New Yorker is subjective, but, let’s be honest, the tale of two cities reference may sound a little familiar.
News reports also suggest that most rape victims know their attackers.
(Ms. McCarthy-Miller added that her own time at MTV taught her that country artists are the easiest musicians to work with.)
9 P.M. (USA) BURN NOTICE The series ends as Michael (Jeffrey Donovan, above) is forced to confront his demons and regain the trust of those closest to him, while James (John Pyper-Ferguson) reveals the full extent of his wrath trying to bring Michael down.
The early days of the New York collections have already seen a surfeit of strangely proportioned clothes (Peter Som and Suno) and matted-down hair (Jason Wu, Rag & Bone, Prabal Gurung) and boldly colored lips (Rag & Bone, Prabal again), and nothing really of this time.
“The county has been split in two,” Mr. Telles lamented.
March 27 at 8 p.m. $29.50 and $39.50.
After a strong start to the holiday season, Wal-Mart Stores said, the first three weeks of December were weak, and business has been volatile since then.
The merry Mouseketeer and mother of three handled that merciless illness with grace, becoming the face of M.S., founding a fund to benefit research and serving as an ambassador for the Multiple Sclerosis Society.
Over the past three-and-a-half decades these mutually reinforcing trends have resulted in a surge in “landslide” counties, meaning counties in which one of the candidates won by 20 points or more, a trend documented by Bishop and Cushing.
Don’t bet on it, Bill Bishop writes in the China Insider column.
As Ms. Ridley points out, he came of age in the 1860s, “a decade of sexual liberation, a brief interlude of eroticism that has been obscured to posterity by Victorian prudishness and respectability.” Bertie’s 1863 marriage to the tall, slender Princess Alexandra of Denmark, who bore him many children and ruined her health in the process, did nothing to cramp his taste for afternoon liaisons, house parties (one woman attempted illicit encounters with Bertie and another man on the same night), horse racing and hunting parties and gambling.
In a speech, he recalled that he and his wife, Anna, had rented a house with friends because he was certain that local real estate prices would fall.
“Couldn’t we get to, you know, the first person who found a liver?” Other justices tried to reason by analogy.
Chinese state media reported that eight people died in China when the tail end of the storm hit southern China.
Played by Ms. Hecht with a lilting voice and a transfixing focus on whomever she’s speaking to, Julie seems to weave any hints of unpleasantness into a larger tapestry of life at its loveliest.
With Vietnamese nationalism shifting into high gear, the shrewd Chen remains culturally and politically aloof, but he gets a rude awakening when his only son runs afoul of the Vietnamese authorities.
When Nicholas is not at the Westchester School for Special Children, where he has been enrolled for the past few years, mother and son are usually in their Bronx apartment, with soap operas and cartoons blaring on the television.
Over the years, we’ve formed more than 20 joint ventures, acquired several companies and expanded to six states.
“Even in a delegation that included both Democrats and Republicans, Connecticut provided a unified front against slavery,” he writes.
I wanted to hear more of the casual, sarcastic voice Laura uses in the personal essays she writes for school.
She wished she were too.
“Jason was the guy,” Soundgarden’s drummer, Matt Cameron, remembered.
“We Won!” new version of Green poster circulating on facebook.
He was also a mentor to dozens of staff members who went on to careers in journalism and music, including Timothy White, an editor in chief of Billboard magazine; Bob Santelli, executive director of the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles; and Rob Affuso, drummer for the ’80s metal band Skid Row.
Their own experience of United is very different.
President Benigno S. Aquino III sought to play down the disaster, saying in a Nov. 12 interview with CNN that a death toll of 2,000 or 2,500 was more likely.
Would I have to lay off all of those people?
Nugent-Hopkins, 19, and Hall, 21, led breaks and hit open teammates in scoring position.
The rate of habeas corpus grants plummeted as the district judges absorbed the message.
RAY HORTON New York, July 27, 2013 The writer is a professor of ethics and corporate governance and founder of the Social Enterprise Program at Columbia Business School.
Management knows its company the best.
At one of the plants, auditors found that inspectors had not properly sampled some 50 million pounds of ground beef for E. coli over a period of five months.
They are likely to want to go to college.” As a result, he said, the collaboratory would probably be more successful recruiting Air Force Reserve Officers Training Corps students than airmen.
NEWARK The first gun turned in at the Calvary Gospel Church, in Newark’s tough South Ward, was an old shotgun.
I asked Madi and Dr. Hagman to offer some specific advice for parents who might be “aware” of eating disorders, but still might not know how to recognize a disorder in its early stages.
“The dial is first engraved, and then the tiny balls are positioned on the dial.
In fact, all of them were.
race of the season Sunday.
Word that PG&E planned to remove the gnomes prompted an outpouring of support from residents.
Today’s elite players are all the best returners of the game but are less accustomed to facing the raw power and lack of rhythm that Janowicz brings to the table.
“Got to take advantage of it.” There are days when the conditions are perfect for a record run: when the air is still, the weather warm, the greens receptive and the pin placements inviting.
I said, ‘You don’t even know if they’re your size.’ He said, ‘I’ll make it fit.’ ” Mr. Louboutin had been working with the English pop singer Mika on an out-there collection of sneakers to wear onstage.
When he returned, he removed a glove and held his hand over a fire, clenching and unclenching to warm it.
The conductor Simone Young in a well balanced reading presides over accomplished contributions from the Staatsoper’s orchestra and chorus.
He became a brash young assistant coach with a hard-bitten drinking problem.
Under Review is the name of the colt, and the verdict is in on Mickelson’s horse racing acumen: he has none.
He was referring to an analysis of the performance by a British audio engineer , Ian Shepherd.
“Ours are the originals, the macarons of the French Revolution,” said Mr. Génot, who runs Maison des Soeurs Macarons (House of the Macarons Sisters) in Nancy.
And when his team snarled and clawed its way to a 90-82 victory over the Nets in Game 2 of their first-round playoff series Monday night, it did not call to mind the grace and nuance of the N.B.A.’s most revered performers.
Grab a Green Love juice ($9) and get 10 percent off transitional pieces like a silk jumpsuit ($382.50).
The Kauai Coffee Company got its start in 1987, taking over land formerly used for sugarcane.
That stuff lingers to this day.
There is evidence of harm linked to statin use in seniors, he added, including muscle aches, liver toxicity and gastrointestinal distress; growing evidence of impaired memory and a heightened risk of diabetes; and some evidence of an increased risk of cancer.
“This sort of thing comes up, and we find other systems with glitches and upheavals occasionally,” he said, “but right now it’s the University of Texas.” Senator Judith Zaffirini, Democrat of Laredo and a member of the oversight committee, said that micromanagement was, in fact, “absolutely” occurring at U.T.
Two years later, his parents disappeared after being taken to a Nazi concentration camp.
Politicians aren’t the only ones who draw red lines.
Nov. 24 at 7 p.m. $30 to $50.
The Second Wisconsin, when it arrived, was immediately put into the line of battle; the men didn’t even have time to load their rifles or wait for the rest of the Iron Brigade behind it.
“What’s clear-cut is that he chose to say ‘no’ to more than half a dozen reasonable relationships we laid out for him.” ON Monday, Mr. Braxton flew to Dallas for additional meetings with IPNav, and on Wednesday, a deal between Jump Rope and IPNav was signed.
One of the few cracks in his demeanor appeared after the band tore through “Letterbomb,” an especially charged exhortation.
“For us to kind of turn this thing around as an organization, and as a team, we needed this one.”
Are you pretty fluent in Valyrian at this point?
Ask him why he doesn’t like school, and he will reply that his teachers focus on drilling facts into the heads of every learner so that all can pass the standardized tests that supposedly measure academic progress.
Clearly, National College of Arts officials wanted to avoid a similar fate.
Chelsea leapfrogged Tottenham into third place Saturday, thrashing Stoke, 4-0, to end the only remaining unbeaten home record in England’s Premier League.
After all, how informative would it be to say that the average cost for a group of cars is $110,422, when that includes Chevrolets, Jeeps, BMWs and Ferraris?
With its announcement on Friday, South Korea made it clear that it would go for quality over quantity.
He needed another heart procedure in the off-season.
Where Anthony celebrates his dominance with a megawatt smile, Smith prefers a well-timed snarl.
You see, corrections don’t take place in one generation; advances don’t take place in one generation.
ROCKIES 4, DIAMONDBACKS 3 Colorado won its eighth in a row as Jorge De La Rosa threw six scoreless innings and improved his career mark at home against Arizona to 7-0.
Chagall, born in what is now Belarus in 1887, lived, uncomfortably, in Manhattan; a guide to the show says he felt disconnected from Russia and Paris.
The lazy Friday feel on the grounds was interrupted around 4 p.m., when Roger Federer and Lleyton Hewitt were discovered practicing together on Court 19.
(“She completely surprised me,” claimed Sanford, who told Tapper that he just turned the corner on his way into the ballroom and there she was.)
Rigorous exams for an array of coveted government jobs generally weed out unprepared applicants.
A Senate session to finish writing the bill last week was postponed to give lawmakers and postal customers additional time to review it.
Gilead said the price was fair given the drug’s higher cure rate and that the total cost for the 12-week regimen was “consistent with, and in some cases lower than” the cost of some other regimens for hepatitis C. It said it would offer financial assistance to some patients.
“But we can make a huge improvement over where it is now,” Mr. Mugdan said.
Last month, SAC Capital, where both Mr. Steinberg and Mr. Horvath worked, agreed to plead guilty to insider trading violations and pay a record $1.2 billion penalty.
This was a time — the early 1990s — before the field of dermatology had been revolutionized by cosmetic procedures.
The building at 111 Town Square Place, however, may be bucking this trend.
A lower cost might allow a government to help many more people for the same price.
Police officials said that typically, pranksters placed a 911 call through a computer, often by hacking into someone else’s account or using a system for people with hearing disabilities, to disguise their locations.
The agreement, signed on Good Friday in April 1998, sought to put an end to the old hatreds between Northern Ireland’s two main groups, the predominantly Protestant, pro-British unionists and the largely Roman Catholic republicans, who remain committed to a united Ireland.
This “division of labor” did help prevent some of the burnout that could have been experienced by the nearby daughter.
For the landfill near the Sorensons to be built, the Mountrail County Commission must rezone the land from agricultural to industrial.
Raj and Rengan have a middle brother, Ragakanthan, who goes by R. K. and also worked at Galleon.
Jerry Brown of California did not immediately respond to a request for comment on whether he was conceding defeat in the yogurt wars.
Noncitizens would need to show a “biometric work authorization card” or “biometric green card.” Senator Patrick J. Leahy, the Vermont Democrat who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee, has scheduled two hearings on the bill — a response, in part, to Mr. Rubio, who has repeatedly called for public hearings.
He had a receiver that rendered the dogs as dots on a contour map, so he would always know where they were.
Tweet of the Week @tompapa – This is a good week to stay under the covers.
The political attraction of a state-led approach is that it would move a lot of the nitty-gritty decision making out of Washington.
Said to be an expert marksman, she played a belly dancer in the 2012 Christian Slater thriller “Assassin’s Bullet.” Adam Portnoy owns a 43-foot yacht called the Mutressa, a Bulgarian term that loosely translates as “gangster’s mistress.” The couple met while working at the World Bank.
No one should have to use emergency rooms as his or her only option.
The Yankees added four more runs in the sixth — one on Soriano’s single and two more on a two-out double by Alex Rodriguez — to increase their lead to 8-3.
In the Wiener Werkstätte they sublimated their passions into more useful and socially constructive modes.
And I didn’t just write about my father’s life — I probed that life.
Ria said she was only just beginning to think about applying to colleges and is intrigued by Brown University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, although she has not ruled any school in or out.
Two, a behind-the-basket angle distorts depth perception.
It is this thicket of interests, not ideological conservatism or elite factional rifts, that poses the biggest obstacle to economic change, said Mr. Wu, the former aide who helped design market reforms in the 1980s.
Equally impressive was Baltimore’s offense.
Saturday and Sunday only (:55).
demischdanant.com 7) Fontana Arte mirror at Casati In this 1960 mirror, one of a pair from the legendary Italian design company, the glass is suspended in a delicate curvilinear frame.
Some offered outsize paydays, others promised an office not only in New York but also in Washington, where his family lives.
The title also offers a glimpse into Mr. Janowski’s conception of the region, which he sees as having magical and mystical qualities.
The 1959 Croft High School Football Champions,” photographs and artifacts.
Cromartie was injured last Sunday when he collided with Ed Reed in the third quarter while defending a pass.
(Blow was the name of her second husband, Detmar Hamilton Blow.)
We’ve talked with a lot of aid groups and locals about bed net distribution and usage in Mali, Niger and Chad – the issue is complex.
(Anderson) Mavis Staples (Sunday, Tuesday and Wednesday) Mavis Staples, the powerhouse former anchor of the gospel greats the Staple Singers, enjoyed an earthy dose of lo-fi Americana on her 2010 album, “You Are Not Alone,” courtesy of its producer, the Wilco frontman Jeff Tweedy.
“We gave it a heck of a fight,” she said in her concession speech.
The United States has expressed concerns about the impeachment of the chief justice, and the United Nations Human Rights Council is expected in March to ask Sri Lanka about its progress on measures meant to heal the conflict with the Tamils, including investigation of alleged human rights violations during the civil war and greater autonomy for Tamil areas.
In Syria, it seems to me that cruise missile strikes might make a modest difference, by deterring further deployment of chemical weapons.
Night Owl There is nothing like night skiing and a snowmobile ride through a forest, particularly when dinner is waiting for you in a heated yurt.
What she offered instead was a credible impersonation of Betty Draper Francis, the sweet and sullen character she plays in “Mad Men,” the role that has turned her into an emblem of glamour as wintry as her name.
Crown Castle said that the deal would add slightly to its adjusted operating income for the 2014 fiscal year.
“Maggie pushes through a series of swinging doors into new reaches of corridors like the ones along which she is walking.
Other major sports do not have a system in place that would allow viewers at home to contact the ruling authorities and point out overlooked transgressions.
Conchita, the woman Rezanov described as “the universally recognized beauty of Nueva California,” might have seen her 42-year-old suitor as a ticket out of California, whose attractions she described witheringly as “a warm climate, an abundance of grain and cattle — and nothing else.” Sadly, she never saw the bright lights of St. Petersburg, or even Irkutsk.
A main underlying reason is what they call Iran’s past deceptions, its reluctance to show I.A.E.A.
Private people, they nonetheless held daily news conferences alongside the police.
The Indian government has yet to give him the identity papers he needs to land a job, and he lacks the money needed to start a bakery.
Normally, the bodies are transported by train from the Volkswagen plant in Bratislava, Slovakia, across the Czech Republic and into the plant at Leipzig, but high water levels in the Czech Republic are making it impossible for freight trains to get through.
“This is like family.” He said he bids higher and higher each time it comes up for bid, but still earns $3,000 to $5,000 a year from his cart.
These findings are consistent with other studies that show that having a more independent board increases risk monitoring.
In addition to planning for the Geneva conference, officials at the Tuesday meeting in London hoped to consider ways to strengthen the moderate rebels, who were expected to be represented at the meeting by Ahmad Assi al-Jarba, the head of the political wing of the Syria opposition coalition.
He would overcome the emasculation and degradation of the diaspora.
But during political campaigns, crime often gets more attention.
But as sheer dancing, hers is on a peak; technique is so much her servant that she can be soft within speed, luxurious within attack.
Eat deliciously.” The campaign will include television and radio commercials; digital, print and outdoor ads; and a significant presence on social media like Facebook and Twitter .
Nissan sold 137,000 vehicles, a 1 percent improvement over last year.
And while there are quite a few other shows set in the milieu of Beltway politics, there is none other in which Barack Obama is president and Mitch McConnell is the Senate minority leader, as they are here.
On Republic Day 40 years ago, when the city’s population was roughly 2 million, Istanbul inaugurated its first suspension bridge across the Bosporus Strait.
A person with knowledge of Random House’s decision to cancel the contract said, “When Walmart, Target and J. C. Penney all announced they are discontinuing their Paula Deen business, including books, it is awfully tough to stay the course of a publication.
Mr. Zeitlin, 30, celebrating with his 9-year-old star, Quvenzhané Wallis, who scored a best actress nomination, said by telephone: “I’m just totally humbled by being in the category.
You would have thought he had 50 caps under his belt.” The Americans have played 15 World Cup qualifying matches in Mexico, losing 13 and drawing twice.
This is not about short-term damage to political prospects but about long-term damage to democratic ideals.
For the next few hours, they drive around as Joe tries to get to know the evasive, sulky June.
I agree that the transformation of Daisy Fitzroy, the Vox Populi leader, into a killer of white children is cheap and unearned, the game’s worst moment.
With Tahrir Square packed with flag-waving supporters of the defense minister, Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi, and a rally outside the Rabaa al-Adawiya mosque across town calling for the reinstatement of the deposed Islamist president, Mohamed Morsi, many dissenters avoided the streets and mocked both sides from afar online.
In truth, it will be a long time, if ever, before the folks on Fourth Avenue can go there and forget everything else.
I do get things done, and I stand up for what I believe in.
I happen to agree with him.
Yes, new rules on carbon emissions would increase the costs of electricity generation.
We relocated to the beautiful Mediterranean island of Cyprus, only to find ourselves in another ethnically divided land.
The Hooters on Route 302 in Horn Lake, Miss., 310 miles from St. Louis, is the closest.