Four of the operatives, whose images were caught on surveillance video, served as guards for Prince Mohammed in April during his visit to the United States.
But isn’t that part of the thrill?
The comments were so good that we’re highlighting far more than we usually do — and even then we had to leave out many we admired (though you can read them all here ).
“It elevated the awareness of our show,” Mr. Choi said.
Mr. Adams’s retirement was seen as an opportunity for Sinn Fein to reposition itself closer to the political mainstream in southern Ireland.
On a visit to Capitol Hill in October to meet with House Republicans about Nafta, lawmakers expressed concerns over controversial provisions like a five-year sunset clause that would cause the deal to automatically expire unless it was renewed, and a requirement that all automobiles sold under Nafta have a certain amount of American-made content.
But The New York Times Upshot-Siena poll, and others in recent days , have suggested that Texans appear likely to stick with the Republican candidate in a state that Mr. Trump carried by nine points in 2016.
Nearly 20 million children in immigrant families could be affected by the policy changes, according to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation that examined a draft of the new rule that was even broader than the one announced on Saturday.
Rob Leathern, director of product management at Facebook, said the archive and other changes would “help prevent the abuse” of the company’s advertising tools.
“I don’t know if this is a dream or not,” Sandgren said to the crowd in his on-court interview after his 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (7-4), 6-7 (7-9), 6-3 victory.
“We’ve tweaked our defense from how they’ve played in the past.
Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.
Il partito dell’anti-establishment, il Movimento Cinque Stelle, ha offerto bonus per pagare pannolini e asili.
Arrested at age 14, he had recently been released after 15 years in prison, about two decades before his original sentence was set to finish.
In the center stands a garden, surrounded by red forged-metal barriers designed by Joana Vasconcelos, one of Portugal’s best-known artists.
Last year, the city agreed to pay about $1.2 million to settle a lawsuit by two women who claimed they had been repeatedly raped and sexually abused by a correction officer at Rikers.
Tardiness in submitting the two reports — one is required every two years under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change treaty signed by President George Bush; the other every four years — is not unheard-of.
They had worried that Mr. Kim would threaten a fragile détente if South Korea and the United States resumed joint military exercises next month.
Last year, the chairman of the panel, Devin Nunes of California, stepped away from leading the Russia investigation over questions about his own credibility to run it in a fair and bipartisan manner.
The law came into force this year.
“What was so amazing about Lily was when they did this, when they had phone sex, she just obeyed him.
Federal law allows people 18 and older to buy semiautomatic rifles and other weapons, though a person must be at least 21 to buy a handgun from a firearms dealer.
To raise money for the victims, the government auctioned off more than 100 bins of items confiscated from Mr. Bulger — furniture, sunglasses, sneakers, hoodies and jewelry, including an outsize gold and diamond ring.
It begins with Ms. Davis (one of several executive producers) saying in a voice-over that every year an average of five prisoners on death row are exonerated.
They have also drawn the attention of legal groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union, who have questioned the constitutionality of the checkpoints and sued the federal government twice in the past year over immigration stops in New Hampshire and Maine.
She wrote her recommendations, including tests for other diseases.
“Being a Phoenix transplant, I don’t want to use one of those window things for air conditioning, or rely on the building to either roast me or freeze me,” she said.
“The time to prepare is ending, and those in the storm’s path should be prepared to shelter-in-place,” the Georgia Emergency Management and Homeland Security Agency said on Twitter on Wednesday.
An Arizona teacher summed up the feelings that have led to recent strikes in her state, West Virginia, Oklahoma, Kentucky and others: “Our students deserve better.
More recently, he has left some aides with unclear job descriptions in place while declining to fill key roles.
“This is a lottery ticket for most low-income people,” said Mary K. Cunningham, an Urban Institute vice president who worked on the study.
President Richard M. Nixon believed that an elitist cabal led by Ivy League-educated denizens of Georgetown and Washington Post journalists was working secretly to bring him down.
And starting in May, they will collaborate with conservation groups and other universities to look for orangutans and spider monkeys in the dense forests of Malaysia and Mexico, as well as for river dolphins in Brazil’s murky Amazon River.
• And so is its contribution to Facebook’s bottom lime.
“Even when you cease to be slaves, you are yet far removed from being placed on an equality with the white race,” Lincoln told five black guests at the White House in 1862.
If you’re following us on Instagram (and if you aren’t, you should be), you’ll be familiar with our recurring series called Room of the Day, which highlights the singular spaces we’ve stumbled across either in our own design stories, in newly released books — or elsewhere.
“It was a big highlight,” Michael B. Jordan said, then looked down shyly into his lap.
On Jan. 26, a group of Muslims gathered in an open square in Kasganj, unstacking rows of red plastic chairs and preparing to hoist a flag into the air to celebrate Republic Day, which marks the enactment of India’s constitution in 1950.
She prayed that someone special would walk with her in Central Park.
But Real Vision’s contributors can also promote some of Wall Street’s edgiest trades, like betting on volatility or loading up on emerging market bonds .
Lena Dunham danced on her own in Season 1 of HBO’s “Girls,” then used an unfinished Robyn track during the show’s final season, in 2017.
“South by Java Head” 1958 British naval officer helps a motley boatload of civilians escape Singapore and the invading Japanese Army.
Ms. Jimenez said she could explain her art by referring to storytelling, and that she might ask children to try repurposing found photographs: “If you were to put your own inspiration and fiction into that, what would you want to do and why?” The artists also gain from the residency.
6: Peninsula Papagayo, Costa Rica 7: Kuélap, Peru 8: Bogotá, Colombia 9: La Paz, Bolivia 10: Los Cabos, Mexico 11: Chile’s Route of Parks 12: Denver, Colo. 13: Rogue River, Ore. 14: Seattle 15: Branson, Mo.
But both of the government’s claims about Ms. Butina’s behavior are false, her lawyers said Friday.
On Thursday, Pablo Llarena, the judge on Spain’s Supreme Court in charge of the case against the Catalan separatists, also withdrew the arrest warrants he had issued against five other Catalan politicians who fled Spain to Belgium, Scotland and Switzerland.
One day after Croatia slammed Lionel Messi and his teammates, sending Argentina to the brink of elimination, Neymar’s Brazil nearly ended the day with a draw against a stubborn squad from Costa Rica.
(Her father traveled for work.)
But she added that it should not have been her responsibility to point out the problem — one that she said went far beyond a single incident.
“I hope that the former will be judged as a vote of conscience and the latter as an expression of care.” In the interview with The Times, Mr. Meehan said he was trying to be supportive of her new relationship.
New arrivals from the countryside “get better access to medical care, they experience decreased child mortality and in time that leads them to have fewer children” — the so-called demographic transition — and those children go on to better schooling and potentially more rewarding work lives.
It also meant that, despite its growing legions of customers, Amazon remained almost invisible in politics.
Many offer shoppers free or discounted shipping and special coupon codes for registering or for signing up for promotional newsletters.
American officials are trying to deter nations from taking Chinese loans, often for infrastructure projects, by talking about Beijing’s “debt-trap diplomacy.” In their global propaganda push, they promise that American private investment will flow throughout the world, in part because of a new program to aid businesses with up to $60 billion in loans and loan insurance.
“Once you’re situated and have somewhere to lay your head and come back to and you don’t have to worry about signing books and signing registration sheets for every night as you had to do in the men’s shelter and people stealing your stuff and worrying about your property,” he said, “you have the ability to work from there.” After he was released from prison he lived in a homeless shelter before learning about Project Renewal , a nonprofit that connects homeless people with shelter, housing and health care.
His first album, “Blue Neighbourhood” in 2015, yielded a platinum hit, “Youth,” a kind of offering from an uber-accessible star of the digital age: “My youth, my youth is yours.” But “S.N.L.” isn’t just youth.
Oklahoma Coach Lincoln Riley acknowledged his team’s drop-off in the second half, blaming himself for throwing the ball too much before halftime and exhausting his offensive line (although in that period the Sooners actually rushed two times more than they passed).
Dmitri V. Badovsky, the head of the Institute of Socio-Economic and Political Research, a pro-Putin research group in Russia, told Vedomosti, the Russian business daily, that the two presidents had “begun to see one another as long-term partners.” Dmitri V. Trenin, the director of the Carnegie Moscow Center, a research group affiliated with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said that the talks signaled a new point in relations.
If you need more proof that the 2018 World Cup is one for the ages, consider its stoppage-time goals .
But feeling pinched, the government said, Mr. Huberfeld was now offering only $60,000 — and even that was a stretch.
It gets me fired up on the way to work.
Back in the benching area, he climbed into his cage.
And we’d like to hear about your adventures too.
He said it was incredible to watch the young player warm up.
And you and I and Hawk are walking in a smaller little group a little bit further behind.
For now, though, there is relief in the village.
“And second, if we had to include the tilde in NIÑO, for example, then NIÑO, basically, would never appear in our crosswords, because it would be so hard to cross it with another word on that letter.
INTO THE RAGING SEA Thirty-Three Mariners, One Megastorm, and the Sinking of the El Faro By Rachel Slade 416 pp.
Commentators from across the political spectrum had accused her of having a conflict of interest, since she also serves as an adviser to her father, the president.
But as students increasingly chose their schools, the system evolved so that many schools became the ones choosing the students.
Is this the Boulevard de Clichy or Boulevard de Cliché?
It was a significant shift in American strategy toward the Taliban in Afghanistan, and analysts said Mr. Khan’s victory could now set up Pakistan to play the role of spoiler in the peace process.
“It’s almost like I should be solely focused on just issues that affect black people directly,” she said later.
You can understand why Chuck Lorre would want to go dark with his new series, “The Kominsky Method,” for Netflix.
It does so by mathematically unifying three factors: your initial confidence in your hypothesis (“I’m pretty sure this coin is weighted”); your confidence in the accuracy of the data, given your hypothesis (“I’d fully expect to see a weighted coin come up heads five times in a row”); and your confidence in the accuracy of the data, setting aside your hypothesis (“I’d be quite surprised, but not shocked, to see a fair coin come up heads five times in a row”).
“The second show, at the Eagle, was romantic, loving and sexual.
Tamaela reads voraciously, finding it the best way to seek calm on the rocky ride of the tour on which she remains a somewhat reluctant passenger.
“He was handed a very large corporation that he ran into the ground.” While Mr. Pence’s business record may become one focus of the campaign, his hearty endorsement of the Trump agenda could provide another.
I gave this talk the title: “Free Speech and the Necessity of Discomfort.” Yesterday morning, when I retweeted Knight-Wallace’s tweet advertising this speech, someone wrote, “Man, I hope he gets shouted down at some point.” Maybe he was being ironic.
Both Megachirella’s appearance in the middle Triassic and the later remains of rhynchocephalian fossils make a strong case that the earliest squamates emerged toward the end of the Permian, a period 270 million years ago that was abruptly shattered by one of the worst known mass extinctions.
Deals flyaround • Takeda Pharmaceutical said it was considering a bid for Shire that could improve its position in drugs for cancer, gastrointestinal disease and nervous system ailments.
( Bloomberg ) • AIG could face catastrophe losses of $1.7 billion for the third quarter.
On this song, the band focuses on sweet groans and buzz-saw arrangements while winking at its fluency in Depeche Mode.
Then there are the outsiders: the Cowboy (Charlie Carver) of the midnight variety, who has been purchased by Emory as a birthday present for Harold, and the unlucky Alan (Brian Hutchison), that old roommate of Michael, whose arrival lights the fuse on the time bomb.
But Mr. Trump’s company routinely teamed up with individuals whose backgrounds should have raised red flags.
It’s not good or bad to have a high, a medium or a low libido.
They cost less than $10 each.
Another shows a schnauzer dressed up in business attire.
“Even if he does come back, it’s natural human emotion to be kind of relaxed because we have so much production coming back in our lineup, but that’s going to be a test for us just to put that away in our minds and just focus on the task at hand and not depend on Steph to save the day.
— meaning that the state was trying to determine if each parent was capable of providing a safe home for the baby.
They spend a couple of periods to most of the school day there.
The bride and groom are lawyers in New York.
Representative David B. McKinley, Republican of West Virginia, told Mr. Pruitt sympathetically that the attacks on him “have an echo of McCarthyism.” In many ways, the past 14 months of Mr. Pruitt’s tenure has been building to this moment.
No, we try to keep it away from that.
Certainly not, but it guarantees that the Supreme Court will be in sync with society.
In districts from suburban New Jersey to Southern California, Democratic challengers issued statements of support for Dr. Blasey, while several Republican incumbents drew fire by questioning her credibility, sometimes in derisive terms.
I’ll also have an avocado toast or oatmeal.
They are also broken up in time, flashing forward from, say, “Akron, Ohio, 1967” to “Newark, New Jersey, September 2001,” or from “Harlem, 1970” to “Paris, September 2002.” Otten has attempted to structure her book like a docudrama by including commentary between episodes by experts on the Last Poets, among them Baraka, Douglas, the Young Lords founding member Mickey Melendez and Hassan’s adult daughter, Khadijah Hassan-Da Silva.
The red-roof country store sits at the intersection of Route 30 and Route 30A, a T-shaped junction that had long unnerved residents as a frightening stretch to navigate.
For Bellone, the father of two girls, ages 3 and 5, night games are a balancing act.
— Ramona Ausubel, “Awayland” My first library began its life in 1914 with a $5,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie to a little southern Appalachian town in North Carolina, with hardly a thousand inhabitants.
President Trump has long criticized Mr. McCabe, who was at the center of inquiries into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server and the Trump campaign’s connections to Russia.
How did it get that way?
Email your story or video to The New York Times Opinion Video team at 844WYTFEAR@nytimes.com.
A year after playing the pampered Claire in “The Breakfast Club,” Molly Ringwald crosses the tracks to play Andie Walsh, a whip-smart teenager from a working-class family in this John Hughes film.
“They’re testifying in front of Congress, these kids?” Louis C.K.
Lovetta Green and Crystal Walls, two friends in Mississippi with very different political views.
718-636-4100, bam.org SILENT COMEDY INTERNATIONAL at the Museum of Modern Art (Nov. 23-Dec. 2).
But what Weems then submitted was unexpected.
I agree with Meera that new experiences alter our personalities.
I generally don’t recognize that they are supposed to be there even when they are not hidden behind black squares.
The older boy, now about 8 years old, is autistic and gifted, his adoptive mother said in a separate interview.
I slammed her!’” They’ve banged, they’ve nailed, they’ve smashed, they’ve torn up, they’ve destroyed.
A fine player for Inter Milan, he may now be in for a big money move to Manchester United , which has wanted him for some time.
At a hearing, current and former Alaska politicians spoke in favor of opening the refuge, as did representatives of two Native corporations, including A.S.R.C.
“When I see people suffering and I know that if I took the time and effort, I could figure it out,” he told me, “then I have to do something.” He looks for unexplained pathological findings — in this case, the high level of IgM.
According to reports, seven Iranians were killed.
Uber named a chief financial officer after a yearslong search, a crucial move before its plan to go public next year.
Some estimates suggest that China has detained as many as a million Uighurs in large internment camps, and a Times investigation found that the detainees are forced to give up their devotion to Islam.
• The sun was a terrible toddler.
The Constitutional Court is stacked with judges appointed by Fidesz.
But Mr. Gause said the panel generally encouraged parties to settle disputes and avoid protracted wrangling in court.
If the legislation passes, New York would become the first major American city to set a limit on ride-hailing vehicles .
“We called Lenny, he was very upset,” said Jocelyn Goldstein, one of Mr. Goldstein’s daughters.
“We’ve made a stand and shown that we’re prepared to sacrifice ourselves for this country.
Trades of red velvet blazer vests and a bra (used as nets to harvest heavy breadfruit from trees) resulted in useful intelligence.
[ Documented NY ] • On this frightful holiday, read about some haunting experiences at one of the city’s most terrifying places: the subway.
The winner was Nathan Lane, who starred in “Angels in America” as Roy Cohn.
Along the way, he highlights characters and lifestyles that are at odds with the country’s conservative public image.
His caution and risk aversion would have made me feel stifled.
He crouched down on his haunches.
Along the way, the Italian political system served up the sort of agita-inducing drama for which it is rightfully famous, sowing worries that all of Europe could be vulnerable to a fresh crisis.
“You know you still got to go and compete, right?” Representative Tim Ryan, Democrat of Ohio, said when asked how much a win would have meant to Republicans.
Danny Danon, Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations, said the United Nations Relief and Works Agency “has proven time and again to be an agency that misuses the humanitarian aid of the international community and instead supports anti-Israel propaganda, perpetuates the plight of Palestinian refugees and encourages hate.” The agency funds schools and health clinics that serve nearly two million people in Lebanon, Jordan, the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
The cost of the two parties’ respective electoral promises — most notably, a flat tax and a form of guaranteed income — would amount to at least 6 percent of gross domestic product, the economist Silvia Merler told Politico .
Because Madison Avenue runs north, the only legal turn at 80th Street would be a left.
While the clashes might look similar on the surface, and do in fact share much in common, they’re also different in subtle but crucial ways.
Also set to testify is Rhonda Faehn, who was the coordinator for the United States women’s gymnastics team until being ousted last month as part of U.S.A. Gymnastics’ restructuring.
“Yet here I am, going to the gym every day in a backward baseball cap supporting a sports team that I’ve never seen play.” So, yeah, I fell in love with Konrad.
Moran, a pre-eminent pianist, has been playing Thanksgiving week at the Vanguard with his trio, the Bandwagon, for the past six years.
“What part of Dow 30,000 do the liberals not understand?” Kevin O’Reilly of Manchester, N.H., told The Times.
He was chosen by President Reagan because of his conservative political views and opposition to abortion, but he became famous for defying White House pressure.
After taking early infield work before batting practice, the Mets (45-63) put together a rare game of first-rate defense to delight a crowd of 36,946 that had showed up eager to receive bobblehead figures depicting Noah Syndergaard as Thor.
Ángelo Calcaterra, familiar del actual mandatario Mauricio Macri, es el primero de una quincena de políticos y empresarios argentinos en admitir que desembolsó dinero a funcionarios del anterior gobierno tras la revelación de un esquema de sobornos (que salieron a la luz a partir de una serie de cuadernos ).
What’s next, trying to stop bad spray tans and three-cheeseburger dinners?” — JAMES CORDEN “This is a real change for Trump.
The agreements required Google’s services, such as its search bar and Chrome browser, to be favored over rival offerings.
North Korea has said that it would not bargain away its weapons, and would only discuss mutual arms reduction — a vow that American intelligence agencies take seriously.
That should give us some hope for better outcomes in those cases.
Two years later, President Bill Clinton signed legislation establishing the library as the First Ladies National Historic Site, a designation that facilitated fund-raising and placed its management in a partnership with the Park Service.
It warps the mind a little, to quote the novelist John DuFresne.
Last year, 11 people were killed in a mass shooting at a synagogue in Pittsburgh.
“But I understand the hurtful nature of such language and am sorry to have brought any negative light to the Nationals organization, myself or the game I love.” Atlanta Braves pitcher Sean Newcomb also apologized Sunday for racist, homophobic and sexist tweets he sent as a teenager, calling them “some stupid stuff.” Major League Baseball dealt with a similar situation this month involving Milwaukee Brewers reliever Josh Hader on the night he pitched in the All-Star Game.
Laughing all night together wins against a phone call.
Experts say the raids are meant to deter immigrants from showing up for work or entering the country to seek jobs.
In Tennessee, two bills that reaffirm the state Constitution’s view that marriage is between a man and a woman, and that criticize the Supreme Court’s decision legalizing same-sex marriage as “a lawless opinion with no basis in American law or history,” have sputtered.
Nowadays, most runologists consider it a letter no more mysterious than the letter T. Even so, the presence of the Tyr rune on the team’s sweater design was enough to raise alarms.
Mr. Robicheaux was charged with 13 felonies, including oral copulation with anesthesia, and Ms. Riley was charged with 11 felonies.
The Contest will operate as described below, on or about the stated dates: The Contest submission period begins at 12 a.m. E.T.
One supporter to do so, Di Cunningham , experienced a few frosty exchanges with Russian and English fans (including an England supporter who told her to “keep politics out of football”), but plenty of support and exposure, too.
647 in the world and “tempered expectations.
Before last year, no more than three players had ever occupied the No.
Now that Stormy Daniels has confirmed on national television that Donald Trump initiated sex with her just months after his third wife gave birth to their child, at least half the country is asking: Surely this is a porn star too far for white evangelical Christians, right?
Out of that project came the current book, in which Tommasini cheerfully acknowledges the problematic nature of canon formation, especially in a field like classical music where the standard repertory can become ossified.
Isn’t that just like a new constructor?
Ms. Darlington obtained a job in security and acquired a Section 8 voucher for an apartment.
Human rights advocates said the government’s ban, under a colonial-era rule, curtailed those freedoms.
Mr. Papadopoulos pleaded guilty last year to lying to the F.B.I.
This file is in the .ics format, but may be delivered in a .zip archive that you must double-click to open first.
In that effort she was successful, and the signs came down.
“If I don’t remember you,” she said, “that doesn’t mean it’s not a successful visit.
The term conjures up a poolside lounge chair, thick towels piled high nearby.
It’s exciting — Iranians might call it heroic defending — but it’s hard to sustain over 90 minutes.
For the cover, Hammons made one of his body prints, which he would create by covering himself with grease and pressing against a sheet of paper.
People do not realise that if we do not change our ways there will be consequences.
Kelly supports the pro-women goals of the Time’s Up movement,” they wrote.
Investigators have been focused on whether the plane, Lion Air Flight 610, crashed because the system, which is designed to pull the plane out of a dangerous stall, activated based on inaccurate data transmitted or processed from sensors on the fuselage.
Seventeen survivors and their families, many of whom live in the United States, Israel and Canada, have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs.
He knows people might claim asylum for all sorts of reasons.
• We reported in July on how the lawsuit had shed light on little-known aspects of Harvard’s admissions process .
Why it matters: It is expected to be a low turnout election.
One of the co-authors of the Nature study has taken a novel next step: He is resurrecting extinct strains of hepatitis B in a secure laboratory.
Building a global ocean health observing system will take a sustained international commitment.
He owned his vehicle, and it was fully paid for, the company said.
“I gave it to Woody Allen,” he said.
“Also, trainers in the United States and Europe prefer to ship their horses to run in the Hong Kong International Races, which are scheduled only two weeks after the Japan Cup.
Of course she doesn’t want to do it like this.
But Welsh government officials say physical punishment is outdated and ineffective, and can have negative long-term effects.
“But it’s proven longer and tougher than possibly expected.” American and Syrian Democratic Forces officials accused the militants of using the remaining civilians in the area — who number about 7,000, according to the United Nations — as human shields and threatening anyone who tries to leave the Hajin pocket.
“I guess you could juxtapose my experience with her experience,” he told The Associated Press.
Simply save the recipes you want to make to your recipe box.
Michael Tanenbaum an executive vice president of insurer Chubb, said attacks “have gone from being a nuisance to significant, with some demands exceeding seven figures.” Apart from the disruption to business, public companies that are hacked may also face scrutiny by the S.E.C.
Kristina Rapuano, one of the six named complainants (the seventh is identified only as Jane Doe), said in an interview on Wednesday that Professor Kelley began harassing her by enlisting her as his drinking buddy, and making his academic support conditional on her cooperation.
Now add a third ingredient to this toxic brew: the fashionable anti-Semitism of the far left that masquerades as anti-Zionism and anti-racism.
The January issue could have been the perfect opportunity to create the first special issue, one that functioned as a bridge between past and future.
On average, neither the Democrats nor the Republicans did better than expected .
“It was scary, and business was slow.” By 2013, the Duce hit its stride after it appeared on “Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives” on the Food Network.
For “The Head and the Load,” Mr. Kentridge has rotated the usual orientation of bleachers in the Armory’s cavernous Drill Hall.
In fact, the North’s attendance will be a historic development in inter-Korean sports exchanges.
This broadcast captures David McVicar’s lavish production.
After a criminal history that included serving a two-year sentence for robbery in the third-degree, he said, he was released to a shelter.
By 10:05, the end of the designated “shouting time,” my friends and I lowered our posters in defeat.
Civilians told us that when the Hisba was patrolling the streets, they were looking at the ground.
He promoted the library as he promoted himself and aimed to make it “a workshop for scholars including every painter’s apprentice or working boy or streetcar man who wishes to learn, just as much as it includes the Greek professors or the art dilettante.” He trained his assistants to be “aggressively useful,” and explained to all that “books are the last things that any human being can afford to do without.” At the same time he was in many ways indefensible, as the face of the public library.
To defy this conventional wisdom, particularly at a time when thousands of Americans had already died to uphold it, would have required exceptional intellectual and political courage.
Farea al-Muslimi, a Yemen expert at Chatham House in London, questioned whether the United Nations had the expertise to run a major port.
Our news editors will occasionally highlight older articles that provide context for news that is happening now.
Many Chinese hospitals have a policy of denying parents access to premature babies because of a lack of nurses to monitor the visit and a fear of infections.
[ The New York Times ] • Fans mourned Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, the Thai billionaire owner of the Leicester City soccer club, who died in a helicopter crash outside the team’s stadium.
Langston Hughes, one of the great literary minds of the 20th century, was long thought to have been born in 1902.
It’s to make them worse .
Mr. Galamian , who died in 1981, had a towering reputation , and is frequently described as the greatest violin teacher of the 20th century.
129281 is almost seven feet long but because it was not the only piano on the premises.
“The bees aren’t looking good, the weather is lousy, we just have to cancel,” one of his beekeepers called and told him from Texas.
I felt blessed to have him as a friend.
After graduating from college four years ago and starting a small video marketing company in Charleston, S.C., Matt Coda found himself being asked to produce industrial videos with a drone.
Still, she entered Election Day confident of victory, and so did her campaign team.
They also took over a pest extermination company.
• Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
But in 30 percent of the playgrounds, the conditions were good, suggesting that a great deal depends on the management of each housing project.
Belgium’s n ational soccer team was one of 13 teams to play in the inaugural World Cup in 1930, but the country didn’t achieve it s first World Cup match win until 1970.
A note to readers who are not subscribers: This article from the Reader Center does not count toward your monthly free article limit.
Do I work less hard?
“If you look at the body of work, what just took place, it’s not much of a stretch unfortunately to think that there are going to be other victims,” Chief Shea said.
Phil Bryant of Mississippi signed into law on Monday a measure that would ban almost all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy.
It is time for Michael Thomas to be in that conversation.
The 2017 ACPT was fairly painful for me on the competitive front, but I met these two, so on balance it was a fantastic weekend.
After watching, think about these questions: • What moments in this film stood out for you?
Good morning on this clear Tuesday.
Pannek playfully reminded her it was 14.
Still, what you often get with an airline’s domestic lounge is slightly better customer service, roomier bathrooms and free snacks.
It’s not just damaging to a network — it’s damaging to civil society and to the United States’ democracy, which is based on knowing the difference between truth and lies.
But as many of South Asia’s already-scorching cities get even hotter, scientists and economists are warning of a quieter, more far-reaching danger: Extreme heat is devastating the health and livelihoods of tens of millions more.
The new focus started on June 30, when FoxNews.com published an article on “the apparently increasing frequency of female teachers having sex with their young male students.” Over the next six months the site posted some 98 articles on instances of sexual abuse allegedly committed by women, most of them teachers.
Questioning Solicitor General Noel J. Francisco, Justice Sotomayor said that it “seems quite unusual that your office would change its position so dramatically,” particularly where the new stance had “a negative impact on certain groups in this society.” Mr. Francisco responded that further study of the key statute and a concern for states’ rights had prompted the shift.
(Want to get California Today by email?
• No late-night TV this week Most of the comedy hosts are taking the week off, so our roundup is, too.
So just think about that.” Everything stopped for a moment.
“My model remained Lila,” she writes.
Much as many Senate Democrats are competing in red states where their party is weak, House Republicans are defending dozens of seats in Democratic-leaning areas where there is limited party infrastructure to help them.
A little slippage of brain tissue into the spinal column can be normal as long as it is no more than five millimeters below the skull; anything more is considered pathological.
Seemingly, they had chosen their deathbed: Puerto Rico — home, despite having lived most of their lives in New York.
On Day 10 of a scandal over spousal abuse that laid bare the internal dysfunction and public relations miscalculations that have racked the Trump White House, John F. Kelly, the chief of staff, issued a memo widely seen as an effort to turn the page.
This decade has had several women affiliated with Formula One teams as test, reserve and development drivers.
He befriended Luciano Fabro , Giulio Paolini and other leading figures of Italy’s vanguard Arte Povera movement, and he began to make Super 8 films, like “The Illustration of Art I” (1971), in which two bandages crisscross a model’s skin, uniting geometric abstraction and body art.
Donny Q. Trump came in, and suddenly I’m looking pretty sweet by comparison.
“I just let that happen,” she told The San Francisco Chronicle.
I look forward to returning to competitive tennis during the grass court season.
The object was to finish the puzzle and then submit, by email, the captions to the three cartoons in the corners of the grid.
She plays her cards close to the vest, at a time when the world welcomes leaders who if anything overshare, but also understand how to communicate with a 24-hour, networked public.
He would be sharing a room with two Congolese men in a brick building on the same street where Jared Kushner’s grandparents moved after fleeing the Holocaust.
Since her appointment as the first female artistic director of the house, Ms. Chiuri has stubbornly insisted on forcing a debate over whether activism of any kind belongs in an arena classically reserved for the haute and heeled.
Some people will say they should place their faith in treatments to ease their pain.
It is going to be the largest manufacturing plant of any sort in Lagos,” said Kayode Ogunbunmi , the publisher of City Voice , a Lagos daily newspaper and lifelong Lagos resident.
Norway has refused to sign an International Union for Conservation of Nature resolution outlawing the practice, putting it in the company of Chile, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Turkey.
You have to be truly delusional to see the Republicans’ response to their party’s midterm setback as anything but an attempted power grab by a would-be authoritarian movement, which rejects any opposition or even criticism as illegitimate.
I happened to be one of them, and I’m very pleased about that.
Transit officials said it was deleted to avoid confusion.)
The procedure is supposed to be a way to address overpopulation and global warming, but it is also increases the value of your money.
If that’s the case, the major potential for the device — which will arrive later this year — is to pick up arrhythmias in otherwise healthy people.
“There are only two gates in the new market to move product in and out.
The franchise was sold, and new management traded its star outfielders — Yelich, Giancarlo Stanton and Marcell Ozuna — last winter.
— reportedly poured considerable time, effort and expense into breaking UEFA’s regulations, it was simultaneously meeting any threat of a punishment with ire and anger, contemplating whether any potential fine might be better spent on a legal team to take on, and crush, the organization levying it.
When Uber moved to a single operator, some employees expressed safety concerns to managers, according to the two people familiar with Uber’s operations.
“If you’re moving the camera around too quickly, it can have a wavy quality to it.” Using two hands lessens the chance of creating this effect.
Thanks for reading The Tip Sheet.
He refers to Mr. Grant’s nearby “pocket prairie” as a “weed patch” and offers the services of his tractor.
Over the years, I’ve been privy to several stories of affairs, two confessions of bisexuality, and many complaints about aberrant teenage behavior described in surprising detail.
“Like many of the readers commenting on this article, I wish that restaurants would do away with music all together.
8 p.m. [Free] • Outdoor movie night: “ Thelma and Louise ” in Manhattan; “ Wonder ,” “ Casablanca ” and “ Argo ” in Queens.
What’s the value of the White House press briefing?
found that Mr. Musk had overstated the matter and sued him, accusing him of securities fraud.
(He did have a bust of Bismarck next to one of Beethoven in his room.)
This puzzle’s genesis sprang from overhearing someone jokingly use the term “PC police,” and being amused at the thought of an actual militia enforcing a ban on Macs.
Birth tourism at Richmond Hospital recently came under the spotlight because of a so-called “ million dollar baby .” A nonresident, Yan Xia, gave birth there, racked up a bill of 312,595 Canadian dollars in maternity and neonatal care for her newborn because of complications, and then absconded without paying the bill, according to a civil claim the hospital filed at British Columbia’s Supreme Court in April, six years after Ms. Xia gave birth.
But there are two things we do know.
Tolstaya’s remarkable short stories are all about people haunted by their flashing glimpses of shadow worlds — moments of pure transcendence when the dull plastic coating of reality peels back to reveal something vastly more precious underneath.
But they forgot the oldest cliché in the book, that power corrupts, and they apparently didn’t read their history lesson on the rise and fall of corrupt individuals.
He found a group of Catholic conservative intellectuals who argue that social conservatism is the only viable alternative to neoliberal cosmopolitanism and who are all fans of Bernie Sanders.
In the 18th century, Voltaire mocked optimists for their naïveté and celebrated pessimists for their lucidity.
She knows that what she says and does will make people uncomfortable and she has embraced that.
I am all for women channeling their anger and their frustration — it is about 2,500 years overdue.
While it is not yet considered an immediate concern, as hackers develop more sophisticated methods, the exposure could grow exponentially.
Timothée Chalamet, the breakout star of the movie “Call Me By Your Name,” has become the latest actor to distance himself from Woody Allen, announcing that he is donating the salary from his role in Mr. Allen’s latest film to charities fighting sexual abuse and harassment.
Seizing on the Park Slope Y.M.C.A as his vulnerable place, protesters often come to air grievances just outside.
This town near the border of Canada is home to only 5,500 residents, but it has about 20 mailbox stores — so many that the town recently banned new ones from being constructed along the main drag.
Donald Trump flouts the Constitution, raking in money from supplicants who curry favor with him by patronizing his gaudy hotels.
All that detail is so exquisitely rendered that it would be easy to get lost in the movie’s particulars: to bask in the silvery glow of Elastigirl’s uniforms, to ooh and aah over the striking design of a luxurious hideaway worthy of a Bond villain, to meditate on the David Hockney-esque patterns of the water in a motel pool seen at night.
The champion Boston Red Sox are not looking to cut the biggest payroll in the major leagues.
It is not just the housing that has gotten more expensive in her old neighborhood, she said, but also the services: Her local grocery was recently renovated, and when it reopened the prices were noticeably higher.
Sometimes it’s with a vet.” Several crucial Democratic victories since 2016 have also come with avowedly moderate standard-bearers, such as Senator Doug Jones of Alabama and Representative Conor Lamb of Pennsylvania, who won grueling special elections.
The reason for everybody’s nerves?
player said of Aranda after a recent game: “That dude is a genius.” _____ 10.
There are plenty of problems that remain in the United States, economic and otherwise, and the degree of credit the president deserves for the state of the economy is an open debate.
More interesting have been the subsequent discussions of the theme of Afrofuturism.
Earlier this month, a mob waving German flags and flashing Nazi salutes rampaged through the streets of Chemnitz, in eastern Germany, chasing dark-skinned bystanders as the police, for a time outnumbered, could only watch.
Mr. Bull, who worked at Jones Wood Foundry on the Upper East Side from 2014 to 2016, is back at the pub, now as executive chef.
Now, no more tips.” With the Greek crisis, the clientele changed, too, the women noted.
I know now why he does it, just watching him work and watching him prepare.
“So I brought in a cover story in Time magazine about gay men as something to discuss, which is not like me, I don’t know where I got the courage,’’ he recalls.
Eunice Sanchez, a local pastor, put it more succinctly: the area, she said, was the “Walmart of heroin.” Once a blue-collar factory neighborhood, Kensington was especially devastated when deindustrialization swept through the area in the 1950s.
After the 2015 incident, Mr. Brill said, a psychological evaluation found that Mr. DeRisi had cerebral atrophy that was likely affecting his actions.
Like “ The Jungle ,” at St. Ann’s Warehouse, and “ Noura ,” at Playwrights Horizons, “Nassim” is a play about displacement.
5 leadership post over Barbara Lee, a hero to the left.]
In May, when the North destroyed its only known nuclear test site in Punggye-ri in the northeast, journalists were allowed to film the operation from a distance, but no nuclear experts were invited to watch.
15 Texas Christian (2-1) in Arlington, Tex.
“Rammellzee: Racing for Thunder,” at Red Bull Arts New York through Aug. 26, includes more than 150 of his pieces spanning four decades.
“And if you can’t remember that anymore, it’s really scary.” Last spring, Carcillo decided to see Carrick, the chiropractic neurologist.
Currently, city planners envision an autonomous system like the one that Mr. Calthorpe envisions, but on an elevated track.
JACQUELINE HABERFELD NEW YORK To the Editor: I understand that the reason Erik Hagerman started his Blockade was that he wanted to avoid the expected stress from paying attention to the news.
Asha Rangappa (@AshaRangappa), a senior lecturer at the Jackson Institute for Global Affairs at Yale, was an F.B.I.
Ms. Barr, who until this week was the star of one of the network’s most popular shows, “Roseanne,” was one of the few ABC personalities to live comfortably outside the president’s cross hairs.
Investors are perhaps fearing that it may be overpaying to enter the media industry, while its core businesses are slowly shrinking.
“It’s not a threat to their own economic well-being; it’s a threat to their group’s dominance in our country over all.” The study is not the first to cast doubt on the prevailing economic anxiety theory.
The Norwegian chronicler of the minutiae of life concludes his seasonal quartet, a series of short diary entries addressed to his infant daughter about everything under the sun — in this book, lawn sprinklers, slugs, tears, ice cream and cynicism.
Under the pen name Anne Wilensky, Ms. Pyne self-published several novels and collections of vignettes based on her life and experiences in the feminist movement, which she insisted on calling the women’s liberation movement.
“In the weeks leading up to an election, rhetoric often becomes politically charged,” the company said in a statement.
Friends and family will gather for a memorial service on Wednesday, which Mr. Trump has designated as a national day of mourning .
Check out our full range of free newsletters here .
Tomalin has a biographer’s gift for carefully husbanding her resources, of consistently playing out just enough string.
The book and some others — including “Reality Is Broken,” by Jane McGonigal — put my vigorous gaming in context and taught me that companies like CVS know exactly what they’re doing.
At the new Amanyangyun near Shanghai, guests can learn the meditative crafts of calligraphy and painting.
Philip D. Murphy, who campaigned on full legalization of marijuana, signed an executive order on Tuesday aimed at easing access to medical marijuana.
Mr. Pence’s trip includes stops at two Asia-Pacific summit meetings, where he plans to speak about checking China’s influence and power projection.
“This will give an opportunity for a guy like Tony to come up and get some ice time,” Rangers Coach Alain Vigneault said.
We fleshed out a theme with a potential next color-flyer pair: RED ROBIN and, from there, we didn’t look back.
[ Sign up for the Watching newsletter to get our TV and film recommendations. ]
Kevin also hosted two fascinating episodes of The Daily podcast, where he examined the rise of anger-stoking websites and Russian propaganda aimed at creating discord.
“Spending time with people in this room, the one thing you want to walk away with is... the recipe to that carrot drink,” he deadpanned as the guests broke out laughing.
In its own way that’s very inspiring; you can work on ideas like, what would it look like if you had a wand that doesn’t behave, and they come up with great choices.” “Cursed Child” is the 10th production that Mr. Tiffany and Mr. Hoggett have worked on together, but the men have known have known one another since they met at age 15, in a youth choir in Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, where they both grew up.
In an essay, “Many Lights, Not One Light,” included in a new collection, DEAR ZEALOTS: Letters From a Divided Land (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, $23) , the Israeli novelist Amoz Oz praises this quality of Jewishness, the “anarchist core, the rebellious gene” that prompts constant interpretation, reinterpretation and counterinterpretation.
There’s good reason for that.
They are also getting much less exercise, as millions of people abandon a more active farming life to crowd into cities, where they tend to be more sedentary.
Their voter turnout has also risen.
“Usually, parents will start to hum.” After the lullaby is created, it is recorded for the parent to keep, to refer to, to sing again and again.
What do you read when working on a book?
She also persuaded her husband to wangle a $1.2 million House appropriation for the project.
He also wants to overhaul a 1969 law that requires federal agencies to assess the environmental effects of their proposed actions.
“He said, ‘You go, you go.’ ” Pallotta obeyed.
• Looking for a pattern in the many staff changes?
Which, if you think about it, is kind of like putting together a group to talk about the #MeToo movement that consists only of men.
The city’s $10 express airport bus stops a block north on Rene-Levesque Boulevard; the Place-D’Armes metro station is five minutes away on foot, and Montreal’s minuscule Chinatown borders the block.
In my quest for “odyssey” meaning, I tried seeing this as a coastline, but that got me nowhere.
He was also a prosecutor under the independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr, who investigated President Bill Clinton.
He sponsored his parents for a green card, so they could come and live with his sister’s busy family, help with the grandchild, and not be alone in their country where things are bad and their friends and family are mostly dead.
Here’s a rundown of 11 heated exchanges with lawmakers and President Trump.
24 Photos View Slide Show › Built in 1886, this house has undergone two extensive 21st-century renovations, the latest in 2011.
12, and three subsequent songs have cracked the top 50.
But that is mostly because the size of the federal government was a fraction of what it would become in later years, Professor Irwin said.
“Just spoke to @POTUS and Gen. H.R.
Mr. Pendleton, she added, “is making art that is about a specific moment in history that we all have to pay attention to.” Despite the commercial pressures, the artist insists he has stayed focused on the work.
Then there was the basic election processes that wreaked havoc at the polls.
“It was like going home to go in there,” says Cuningham, who recalls seeing, with varying degrees of regularity, Christopher Wilmarth, Harvey Quaytman, David Diao, Alan Shields, Robert Hughes, Michael Goldberg, Lynn Umlauf, Lynda Benglis, Ron Gorchov and Ray Parker in Fanelli’s.
• Some lawmakers say they will resist any move by the Trump administration to withdraw from Nafta if Congress doesn’t approve a renegotiated version.
“Now, based on analysis and projections, that number could increase by 50 percent or so,” Mr. Anderson said in a phone interview on Wednesday.
Atop one hill, the armed fighters of the predominantly Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces, or S.D.F., crouch within bunkers and behind earthen walls.
With Clear, you go directly to a kiosk (where you scan your iris or fingerprints) and are then escorted to the physical security check, bypassing the lines to the identification checkpoints.
The Russian-owned salons are more expensive than the Chinese-owned ones and make you feel worse about yourself, so everyone wants to go to them, except my mother, whose map of Brighton includes several crossed-out blocks onto which she can’t step since they harbor an offending manicurist or, worse still, a nice one she feels she is betraying by going to the cheaper Chinese.
His supporters seemed the most enthused and confident as they awaited the initial results, expected to be announced Wednesday evening.
It had been expected that Froome would take it over, perhaps on Friday, then add to his margin in Saturday’s race against the clock.
The Leafs would appear in consecutive conference finals in 1993 and 1994, led by center Doug Gilmour.
In 2007, “The March of Millions,” a lavish television production, sparked debate over the culture of remembrance, as well as protests from Polish politicians irritated by the portrayal of wartime Germans as victims.
As for Cuyahoga County, 18.3 percent of its residents live in poverty, above the national rate.
At Harvard, where I teach, it was not until 2015 that the administration opened the dining halls during the break (a project I was involved in).
Each spring, a gala serves as the opening of the annual blockbuster show at the Metropolitan Museum’s Costume Institute.
(It’s unlikely that Mike knows anything about the super lab that will soon be under construction.)
The player had recently been sidelined with a sore ankle.
Mr. Bair said that the local news stations are very popular and “create a higher level of retention” for the cable service.
He referred to Mr. Obama with a racist slur and said he was not a citizen.
does not cover the group, jeopardizing the broader war.
Experts have predicted that 250,000 people could be killed or displaced in the offensive.
France and other countries have a history of protecting companies they consider “national champions,” but the United States has been reluctant to do so.
But she is probably best known for declaring her birth-identity, Claus Beck-Nielsen , dead in 2001 and producing work under a series of names that culminated in “Madame Nielsen” in 2014.
This school year, the incoming class of students at Brooklyn Latin is 13 percent black and 10 percent Latino, and the school has become increasingly white and Asian.
But the very fact that Frances is narrating the story in a second, decades-later timeline lowers the stakes by removing one possibility: Whatever happens, you know that she lives to tell the tale.
The final three victims spoke on Wednesday.
“I don’t even know what it’s about,” Representative Pelosi said, with a look toward her daughter.
“I hear they’re going to space, so maybe a rocket interior.”
I have a jazz band that I sing with and a quartet.
How these animals complete this epic journey to a place they’ve never been and back, traveling hundreds of miles at night, for days to weeks each way, has long been a mystery.
“What will I take on the seventh day?” he wanted to know.
10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. [Prices vary] • A talk by Emma Sulkowicz, the artist known for her Columbia University thesis “Mattress Performance (Carry That Weight),” at the School of Visual Arts in Chelsea.
“Everybody started walking,” one student told the news channel.
CMT CROSSROADS 10 p.m. on CMT .
“This is news that fills us with enormous pain,” Mr. Macri said in a recorded message Saturday night in which he announced three days of national mourning.
El lunes estaremos de regreso con las noticias más importantes de The New York Times.
“The federation cannot be kept outside the negotiations for one of its employees,” he said.
“The Mechanism” (“O Mecanismo,” if you choose to watch the subtitled version) is instead a long-game examination of a tortuous investigation of money-laundering and bribery at the top levels of Brazilian business and government, based on the real-life scandal that has embroiled the former presidents Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff.
After leaving The Post, Mr. Hoffman wrote syndicated freelance columns for King Features for decades.
In “Head in the Clouds,” Hanlon once again shows an unerring sense of what distresses children (that “bunchy” winter coat), what excites them (candy canes discovered in pockets), and what they fear (a tooth fairy delivery gone astray).
Johannson was proud of the unheralded roster, one that will now try to capture a gold medal for him.
Let’s hope it presages a storm of goals.
The same was true for D.J.
It’s the work of Swedish expats and is actually the second Swedish candy store in New York (there’s Sockerbit in the West Village): BonBon — A Swedish Candy Co., 130 Allen Street (Delancey Street), 212-786-0094, bonbonnyc.com .
Mr. Kok studied at the country’s prestigious Nyenrode Business University.
“It’s a vast improvement from what was on the books,” said Ray Beeman, a tax lawyer at Ernst & Young who worked on a tax reform proposal that was a precursor to the current law when he was counsel to the House Ways and Means Committee, under Republican leadership, from 2011 to 2014.
If Trump has consistently missed opportunities to be the post-Reaganite policy maker that his party needs, he is now at least benefiting politically from exactly that inaction.
Hawaii’s tropical weather and location as a Pacific trade and tourism hub have made it a kind of petri dish for invasive species, which arrive from nearly every continent and multiply extravagantly.
The commune’s managerial arrangements can only be described as sinister.
Ten local police officers were killed and 12 others were wounded in the clashes.
“It’s true, but I have never talked to her about the specific details — the less I know the better,” Dr. Huang said by phone.
The gambit doesn’t always pan out; last week, Irvin revealed that he planned to sign with Washington.
Described as “the biggest dump in Portland” in the local independent monthly The Bollard in 2011, the area is today the city’s most unlikely hot spot.
One reason is that eliminating so-called confounding variables in studies produces cleaner results.
Almost everything costs a dollar: admission, programs, hot dogs — even parking and beer.
There was discussion of a rules breach as recently as 2015, when Senator Ted Cruz, the hard-charging Texas Republican, accused Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, of telling “a flat-out lie” on the Senate floor amid a debate about the Export-Import Bank.
I casi di morbillo, una malattia che può causare cecità, encefalite, polmonite e talvolta il decesso, sono andati aumentando.
Amenities include kitchens with walk-in freezers, a dining hall and a backup diesel generator.
Kanye is a genius, but a musical genius.
If Bonnie and her friends need additional advice, they might consider flipping the channel to Bravo, where another group of Los Angeles friends explore postdivorce life.
How did Mr. Trump manage to confound America’s foreign policy mandarins?
Amed Rosario punished Severino early, leading off the game with a home run into the right-field bleachers.
When I finally get close, I can’t get through it tearless.
More on Amazon and the cloud: Mr. Trump was scheduled to dine last night with Safra Catz of Oracle.
To whom do you owe a heartfelt “thank you”?
Earn’s faulty decision-making skills — the latest in a line of many — landed them in this mess.
Big-time college football long ago whistled past the pretense that it is not an enormous business.
By creating art, it gives the creator as well as others the ability to emote and show opinion through these images.
Among other things, it prohibits Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi from serving as president because her children are foreign citizens.
Half a dozen new states now have governors and legislatures willing to consider cutting greenhouse gas emissions significantly.
She has had her 3-year-old daughter literally cling to her coattails to try to stop her from leaving for the office; she has experienced the brain-splitting act of making a conference call while her children roughhouse unsupervised in the next room; and she understands that staying home with small kids means you “coordinate, plan and do almost everything,” yet “crash face-first into bed every night feeling like you’ve accomplished basically nothing.” She has felt the sting of scorn that comes after telling a guest at a cocktail party that you’re a stay-at-home mom, or that your kids are in day care: “It’s an awful word; it’s a hard one to get out.
• What messages, emotions or ideas will you take away from this film?
And without ambivalence they devour any wild meat — squirrel, grouse, elk, deer, bear, European dove — no matter the route it traveled to our kitchen.
Now she’s finally running out of road.
[ KQED ] • Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff is having a “dream season.” The team faces the Chicago Bears on Sunday.
With only one day left before they rest their case, prosecutors working for the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, have called more than 20 witnesses and have introduced hundreds of exhibits they say prove that Mr. Manafort, 69, evaded taxes on $16.5 million in income and fraudulently obtained more than $20 million in bank loans.
A representative said in the email: “I can regretfully confirm that the Foreign Office isn’t able to offer advice on vampires, rogue stray cats or ‘Strictly’ contestants.
Miss Brennan did not enter the restaurant again until her nephew Ralph bought it in a sheriff’s sale in 2014.
“I need this part of my life to close.” And yet, she remained a wife.
“Whether that’s a ‘me too’ connection or just female equality, I can’t answer,” he added.
And thanks to a wave of consolidation, industries are increasingly dominated by a small number of huge companies, which means that workers have fewer choices among employers in their area.
Among the five most valuable tech companies, Microsoft is the only one to avoid sustained public criticism about contributing to social ills in the last couple of years.
“I think the culture we have is really special,” Zach Marcus, another senior manager, said.
Are you the author of your own story, or are society and commerce pulling your strings?
He doesn’t so much expose them to new fears as he draws up within them their existing fears.
While Mr. Colyer was viewed as a mild-mannered moderate, Mr. Kobach, endorsed by President Trump , was known widely for his strident views on illegal immigration and voter fraud .
By then, investigators had followed a trail of clues that led them to Mr. Morel in his apartment in East New York, Brooklyn — a home Mr. Lomp said he had moved into about 10 months earlier after living for two decades on Rockaway Boulevard, “very close” to where the shootings occurred.
A group Mr. Cumella took to Woodlawn last summer was moved when he placed a Victrola beside Ms. Bayes’s grave site and played “Turn Off Your Light, Mr.
Not until all the batter at the make-your-own waffle station is gone, and probably not even then.
“Don’t get the idea that the defamation field is balanced.
I know my high school friends are changing in ways they didn’t expect, too.
on Thursday, as news of Mr. Pruitt’s departure spread, some career employees said that the mood was jubilant but quiet given that many people were out of the office around the July 4 holiday.
Second, more than ever, the 2016 election showed me that immigrants to the United States will always be viewed with suspicion.
“Obviously up here, we want to keep the government up and functioning,” said Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No.
At SEC Media Days, Anfernee Jennings, a 2018 starting linebacker, was asked to assess the difference between 2017 defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt, and his replacement, Tosh Lupoi.
The women were among tens of thousands of North Koreans working abroad who funnel badly needed foreign currency to their government.
I think abortion opponents will have that trust vindicated; I think a Roberts-Kavanaugh court, however restrained in other ways, will overrule Casey and allow the states to legislate freely on abortion once again.
With a little help from my butcher, of course.
Ms. Giddens approaches these arias as a fan barely on the outside.
The evening’s topic was ostensibly about “defining relationships,” and their stories included a middle-aged woman’s sexual awakening, dating with an S.T.I., and revealing your polyamorous lifestyle to family and friends.
So, if you are around on July 29, come on down.
What kinds of stories are you drawn to?
Mr. Murphy, who has been one of the leading Republican critics of President Trump, said a key area for discussion would be how to navigate an era in which even the notion of truth is under assault .
How does a man people are inclined to make fun of usually wind up with the upper hand?
“It was a miracle that we were able to finish the first film and get it as good as we got it,” he said.
Now any app user can easily harness such data to make inferences about, and try to influence, their contacts’ voting behavior.
The American troops currently in Afghanistan are divided between training and advising Afghan forces and a counterterror mission against groups like the Islamic State and Al Qaeda.
“Ultimately we see a very big business opportunity around this,” Mr. Ammann said.
In Rome, Getty takes Paul and his family on a welcome tour, showing them some famous Italian art.
The New Deal’s fair labor standards applied only to industrial jobs in factories and offices; agricultural and domestic work were deliberately excluded .
“I felt confused, disturbed and very upset,” he said in evidence to the High Court, adding: “My health suffered both mentally and physically.” In his ruling on Wednesday in support of the singer, Judge Anthony Mann said that Mr. Richard would receive a total of 210,000 pounds, roughly $280,000, in damages.
I have saved every last one.
The Met’s curators (and conservators) took nearly two years and several trips to Atlanta to finalize their selection, and they chose astutely.
For instance, it turns out that a large portion of the cells in healthy people carry far more mutations than expected, including some mutations thought to be the prime drivers of cancer.
Osage “headrights” — or the money received by members of the tribe, or by white guardians, from mineral royalties — soon become central to the book.
Game 3 of the National League series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Milwaukee Brewers is tonight.
“She had another sense of time vis-à-vis the arts, and maybe vis-à-vis life in general,” she said.
They are also freezing out businesses that sell high-capacity magazines and “bump stocks,” attachments that enable semiautomatic rifles to fire faster, even though such products are legal under federal law.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion) .
But given that carbon removal could “solve a substantial fraction of the climate problem,” the report said, those costs are modest.
After Mr. Trump again stood alongside President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia in Finland last week and sided with him over the intelligence community to cast doubt about the campaign meddling, the trio renewed their denunciations.
The buoyant results will delight all ages.
“We can lament that laws are passing,” Dr. Parker said, “but if you’re not voting — I really don’t want to hear people talking about, or going to rallies or going to marches, if you’re not voting.”
Listen: Click the audio icon to hear the Chinese challenge.
You can get over the body being tired by resting for a half-hour or an hour.
This job security — combined with anti-Trump fervor — helps explain why so many candidates (15 at one point; 11 at last count) have flooded the field.
This was during Wall Street’s “Bitcoin is stupid” period, which fell between the initial, “I don’t understand it” era and the more recent “it’s a bubble” phase.
Mr. Allen suggested that Mr. Trump must press Mr. Xi on specific changes to Chinese law that he wants that would help American businesses, but that name-calling will be counterproductive.
I’m very easygoing, and very nonchalant, it looks like, when I’m out there — I’ve got a little strut, and I like that.
There are dozens of other factors astrology considers.
Early in the third, Ovechkin found a sliver of space in the high slot and released a one-timer that Wilson redirected under Fleury’s pads, giving Washington a 4-3 lead.
Since the 1970s, however, the link between overall growth and individual incomes seems to have been broken for many Americans.
There is also the question of what is causing the slowdown.
“ We won,” she said.
In 2012, Love was a Ryder Cup captain overseeing a squad led by Woods, then 36.
We did this big Rameau a year ago, which took nearly a quarter of a century to put on.
Located 2,200 miles off the coast of Chile, the island is one of the most remote inhabited places on Earth.
To begin with, there is Ms. Bachelet’s legacy: an ambitious overhaul of the tax system, labor laws and public education.
But the visuals are provocative in their coolness, Mr. Owen reliably delivers the slightly louche world-weariness, and Ms. Seyfried is, sure, mysteriously alluring.
It was the same way she felt about Jeff Spicoli, the slacker nonpareil in her 1982 directorial debut, “ Fast Times .” Or Lorelei Lee in the novel, “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.” Or Emma.
There has long been a debate on just how much judges are, or should be, swayed by public opinion.
“CoDex 1962” begins in Nazi Germany and ends at a biotech start-up in Iceland around the time of the 2008 crash.
Revenues and profits have quadrupled over the past 10 years, according to the company.
In brief, the new conservatism is populist.
One on West 113th Street is part of a senior center.
This weekend, he had only one client: me.
Places as far inland as Charlotte, about 150 miles from the coast, could receive more than 10 inches of rain.
If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
Malcolm Turnbull, the Australian prime minister, described the process as “fair and just” during a meeting with Ms. Ardern in March.
As a result, the tariffs will affect factories and workers in a variety of countries, reflecting the globalized supply chains and byzantine corporate ownership structures that are at the heart of many ubiquitous products.
Sergeant Barry drew his pistol and ordered her to “drop it, drop the bat please, ma’am,” Officer Rosario said.
Despite the mounting pressure, or maybe because of it, the players at the Oyster Bay rink were out there razzing each other and joking during practice.
In the first, Mr. Sciarrino, clearly inspired by Paganini’s dazzling violin caprices, writes an avant-garde equivalent, with whirlwinds of jagged, scratchy-toned arpeggios that flow into slinky, sliding tones, then erupt in staccato madness.
The shadow of the big tech companies loomed large over the conference, even if their presence was minimal.
Local leaders will gather in Brooklyn today to break ground on a project restoring the section of the park along Flatbush Avenue.
Add two tablespoons of ghee to a large pot or a Dutch oven over medium heat.
Inside the Hungarian state broadcaster on Monday afternoon, an opposition lawmaker was lying on the floor, surrounded by security guards.
This is his riposte: a chatty, informal memoir that covers his father’s killing when he was just 2, and the years of hardship he and his mother endured.” Did you see strange lights in the sky yesterday?
His death was the second American combat loss in Somalia in the past 13 months.
It finds that even when people know that exercise is desirable and plan to work out, certain electrical signals within their brains may be nudging them toward being sedentary.
Officials said that the idea originated during a breakfast Mr. Pompeo had at the C.I.A.
The Saudis take that dubious accolade.
You can’t escape.” It’s a description of insanity.
My children and I can empathize.
Given any chance, we figured, he’d pull the tube out.
Writing this month on the website of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, Michael Knights, a fellow at the institute, recommended the United States offer Saudi Arabia more assistance in defending against ballistic missile strikes, anti-ship attacks and strengthening its borders with Yemen.
It was impossible, however, to ignore Ezra Collective when they played.
“I can’t believe we both know him” SMALL WORLD WORLD Cup = soccer (FIFA) The constructors Laura Braunstein and Tracy Bennett are raising money for a new project they are heading up called “The Inkubator,” a series of crossword puzzles made by women and allies of women.
thing.” If Gregorius does end up on the disabled list, Boone said, then Gleyber Torres, who was a shortstop in the Chicago Cubs’ organization before being shifted to second base by the Yankees, would slide back into his old position, and either Torreyes or Neil Walker would play second.
Time doesn’t flow like a river.
In the 2014 Democratic primary for governor, Zephyr Teachout, who also ran to the left of Mr. Cuomo, won many upstate counties ; in the 2016 Democratic presidential primary, Bernie Sanders beat Hillary Clinton in almost every county outside of New York City.
She never told me.” “They’d still have their identification in the wallet,” Mr. Kiefer said of the many billfolds and wallets he found in the trash.
I know you are interested in things like that, so I thought you should see it.” He pointed out many other important marks in my life.
But looking back, I realize that we were just lucky — and that’s not enough.
And it is true that passion turned to mayhem Saturday afternoon, forcing a postponement of an event that felt unique: the first time the two rivals of the so-called Superclásico were meeting to decide the most significant competition on the South American calendar: the Final to End All Finals, the Final for All Time, La Finalísima.
But, as Judge Kavanaugh stands to gain the lifetime privilege of serving on the country’s highest court, he has the burden of persuasion.
“Yes, this is critical information about the structure that is going to be necessary for therapeutics down the road, but I’d add: Don’t hold your breath.”
“I don’t think he’s a coach; he’s an umpire and he should stay on his chair for that.” Roger Federer also made clear that he believed Lahyani had crossed a line.
An octogenarian New Yorker, former lawyer and perpetual hostess for whom schmoozing and kibitzing have always been as essential as breathing, Gladys operates on the principle that if she can just continue to talk, she can surely power through the thickening fog of her old age.
Lots of Red Zinger iced tea, great wine and one Mexican Coke every couple of days.
I sensed that losing would dampen his ardor, so I left my king open to attack, letting him checkmate me twice.
Mr. Morvan, 64, started his career photographing for Paris Match and was a staff photographer at Le Figaro Magazine.
In January 1711, Queen Anne, the last Stuart monarch to occupy the British throne, appointed a former chambermaid named Abigail Hill to be Keeper of the Privy Purse, thus decisively reversing the fortunes of Sarah Churchill, the Duchess of Marlborough, who had previously been among the queen’s most trusted advisers.
Good managers will know that, and it’s not the end of the world if you occasionally show that at work.
BELLAMY YOUNG I mean anyone of any color at any age was happy to audition for the role of the first lady.
Enjoy.” A moment later, Logan Roy praises him for his “magnificent effort” and has his security man give the boy the Patek Philippe watch he just received from his daughter’s obsequious boyfriend.
I was in terrible shape — emotionally, but also physically.
But, as Mr. Petronio recently remarked over one of those chef-created meals, “If you’re coming here to get away from the New York dance world, forget it!” He was half-joking, but dancewise, the neighborhood is getting crowded.
In 2016, a continued slide in its share price prompted it to look for possible buyers , and SiriusXM has been in the running to buy Pandora since it injected $480 million of funding into the company last year.
After the Rwandan genocide in 1994, Clemantine Wamariya became one of those refugees.
She told me that the curriculum isn’t designed to scare kids into believing porn is addictive, or that it will ruin their lives and relationships and warp their libidos.
With decades on the screen and some very memorable roles to boot, Sharon Stone knows a thing or two about beauty — both physical and the perception of it.
If you click on the clue, the answer will appear below it.
“The Daily” is produced by Theo Balcomb, Annie Brown, Jessica Cheung, Paige Cowett, Lynsea Garrison, Michael Simon Johnson, Andy Mills, Rachel Quester, Ike Sriskandarajah and Clare Toeniskoetter, with editing help from Larissa Anderson.
And Rushdie’s recipe for a whole roast leg of lamb ought to be in your plans for dinner very soon.
Characters toss off lines like “I’ve never read the Borges book this quote is from” and “It’s actually the most comprehensive book about the freeway revolt in Philadelphia that I’ve read.” Such insights and humblebrags are the bulk of the dialogue.
Gymnastics, the governing body for gymnastics in the United States, to resign.
There’s meaningful politics in the capital of make-believe.
Beijing is trying to rein in the unruly side of its corporate giants — plucky, privately run companies that burst onto the global scene just a few years ago, scooping up billions of dollars’ worth of hotels, properties, companies and even high-profile soccer teams.
Email us at thedaily@nytimes.com .
The story opens in a kitchen at “the corner of First Street and Long Street, on the very top floor” (the city is unnamed), where Omu, dressed in a yellow drape and gold drop earrings, is tasting the delicious stew that she plans on eating that night.
For the Swinomish, concerns about salmon come down to essential needs: their food and their livelihoods, as well as their culture and way of life.
Yet, eventually, after moving to Los Angeles, he spoke of Pierre-Auguste Renoir as the central influence of his life, which he elaborated on in the genial memoir “Renoir, My Father.” The place of one Renoir in the career of the other is the subject of “Renoir: Father and Son/Painting and Cinema,” a terrific, heartfelt exhibition now on view here at the Barnes Foundation.
For more on moral complexity, see George Will’s column in The Washington Post on Iceland, abortion and Down syndrome.
So here’s a place to start: 17 often-asked questions with some straightforward answers.
Charles Evans, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, voted against the December rate hike, and said in a post-meeting statement that the Fed needed to demonstrate a commitment to its target.
38 in the rankings at age 38.
Impossibly quick feet subdivide the rhythm.
You can also find it at nytoday.com .
About 60 percent of local elections officials in the United States have to run for their posts, though more states are moving toward the use of bipartisan boards to organize elections in order to avoid the appearance of bias, experts said.
“It’s the only one I can get,” he joked.)
Stephen T. Early discouraged Roosevelt from calling media sources directly, having him instead deliver a single message in news conferences held twice a week.
Christine Blasey Ford’s claims that Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her when they were teenagers while he was drunk have drawn attention to a speech he gave four years ago in which he discussed heavy drinking at Yale Law School — and to an offhand remark about his high school days that he made during another speech.
Spending time with him at his mountaintop temple, overlooking rolling green hills, we realized that our understanding of Facebook’s role in societies with weak institutions went far beyond magnifying good and bad alike.
You can find all of our coverage here .
Martin , of “Game of Thrones” fame.
They use my success as an argument for lax attitudes about parenting.
When Hitler tried a coup d’état in 1923, he and the Nazis were easily defeated and he was sentenced to prison, where he wrote “Mein Kampf.” In Hett’s account, the electoral rise of the Nazis in the late 1920s and early 1930s had less to do with his particular ideas and more to do with an opening on the political spectrum.
She also likes children’s headphones with volume limiters, like Kidz Gear KidzControl Volume Limit Wired Headphones (about $18).
10 (1922) and Amazing Stories No.
“I would say it's more likely than not,” Dr. Sheppard said.
But Mr. Mabuza’s numbers were as cooked as his high school passing rates, current and former A.N.C.
Tim Burton’s gory adaptation of the Broadway musical stars Johnny Depp as Benjamin Barker, a.k.a.
Somebody else is going to have to step up and play great.
(If I were single, this would make a killer Tinder profile, right?)
But when Olga Polizzi, deputy chairwoman and director of design at the Rocco Forte Hotels , thinks of the Belgian capital, she thinks of great antiques.
The Fluxus Festival is just warming up, and as people are increasingly exposed to its mind-opening music, who knows?
Playing the White House physician, Dr. Ronny L. Jackson, Beck Bennett then came to the podium to discuss “how not-fat the president is.” Mr. Bennett said his “unbiased, 100 percent accurate health assessment” had found that President Trump weighed “a very svelte 239 pounds” with “a gorgeous, 44-inch Coke-bottle waist.” The president is “75 inches” tall (or 6-foot-3, which is accurate), Mr. Bennett said, “with legs that — well, they seem to go on forever,” and he wears a size 12 shoe, “so you can fill in the blanks there.” In this week’s other memorable moments: Naturally, “Weekend Update” couldn’t resist the saga of Stephanie Clifford, the pornographic-film actress known as Stormy Daniels who has said she had an affair with Mr. Trump and was reportedly paid $130,000 in hush money shortly before the 2016 election.
During the encounter, Ms. Fardin said, Mr. Darthés forced her to touch his erection and said: “Look at what you do to me.” The phrase seemed to place the blame on Ms. Fardin.
A group of people complaining of maladies like fatigue, numbness, paralysis and chronic pain would gather in his office, take seats around an oak cask filled with water and grab on to metal rods immersed in the water.
And his hair seemed a little more nicely groomed.
Over the opposition of lawyers for a company owned by President Donald J. Trump, State Supreme Court Judge Eileen Bransten ruled Thursday that a condominium on the Upper West Side could remove the bronze letters spelling out his name from its 46-story building.
In Portugal, as in Italy, coffee equates to espresso.
Her regal look is an indelible part of her legacy .
Still, a boycott was put up for a vote, and co-op members voted against it.
“Getting it wet is one thing; having it sit in a puddle is another.” The water under the city that constantly seeps into the subway has never been fully charted, but an 1865 map by the topographical engineer Egbert L. Viele shows the waterways of the once-green island of Manhattan .
(Representatives for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and the Golden Globe Awards did not respond to requests for comment.)
The idea would be to extend the subway from Lower Manhattan to the neighborhood, using a tunnel underneath the East River.
will meet when fifth-seeded Seattle (10-6) visits Dallas (10-6), the fourth seed.
And here was a house whose roots went to the core of the earth.
He has habituated Americans to buffoonery and lies.
We were in for a rough ride that would last a lifetime, or even longer.
But the court did not issue an injunction compelling the state to do anything, and only instructed Texas officials to promptly advise it about whether they would try to draw new maps.
“We will continue to monitor the situation closely and take additional actions as events warrant.” The sanctions are the most recent repudiation of the Nicaraguan officials’ response to the anti-government protests.
Whether it’s listening to the advice of on-the-ground organizers, or tailoring digital messages to response patterns, the advantage of a nontraditional campaign should be its ability to quickly adjust.
David Pourshalimi, Mr. Clay’s lawyer, said on Wednesday that his client’s decision to destroy Mr. Trump’s star was prompted by his administration’s practice of separating migrant children from their parents after they crossed the United States border.
Plants don’t get enough credit.
Mr. Conklin was also a principal designer of the United States Navy Memorial, which was dedicated on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington in 1987.
On Tuesday, to drive home that point, the Israeli government reportedly distributed maps to Israeli news organizations showing five Iranian-controlled bases in Syria.
From 2011 to 2013 she worked in the Obama White House as a staff assistant in the Office of Public Engagement.
What is your workday like?
Empty A.T.M.s and bank restrictions on withdrawals have been reported in eight states this week, and some bank managers said the cash crunch had been building for months.
Localized Trade Shocks, Voting Behavior, and Scapegoating in the U.S .”: Rather than directly opposing free trade policies, individuals in import-exposed communities tend to target scapegoats such as immigrants and minorities.
« Ils détiennent le pouvoir dans tous les pays d’Europe ».
“Anybody can do whatever they want,” she said.
Parents with memories of computer labs and backpacks full of books might not know what to ask when their child is issued a sleek, school-supplied device.
You get the sense that the R.N.C.
The Justice Department declined to comment.
Expenses for sales, general and administrative costs were more than Tesla's gross profit in both of the last two quarters, when it was making more cars than ever.
And many who come to school — where security measures, like new surveillance cameras, have been installed — have made new routines.
Western Conference teams have won 12 of the last 18 championships.
Another actress on “Smallville,” Kristin Kreuk, wrote on Twitter last month that she took an intensive personal growth course with Nxivm to help overcome her shyness, that she left five years ago and that during her involvement she never experienced any “illegal or nefarious activity.” “I am horrified and disgusted by what has come out about DOS,” she wrote.
“I take the charges seriously,” Mr. Lance said.
When I was a first-year law student with an infant and two male classmates pushed me against the wall and told me I should leave and give my place in the class to a man who needed a career, I went home and listened to Aretha sing “Respect” to help me refocus my determination.
“If found, monitor closely and report them to superiors,” the notice issued on Saturday instructed citizens.
For those who wince at the characterization of the likes of Google, Facebook and Amazon as “frenemies” of the ad industry, be thankful; according to hbr.org, Sorrell also used the word “froes” to describe that love-hate relationship.
During the bay scallop season, which has an annoying habit of ending before I have eaten enough of them, Tetsu seared them with skinny lengths of asparagus and sent them out with garlic-anchovy oil and lime juice, simmering in a hot bowl.
“This court should await that decision,” said Matthew H. Lembke for the estate and its executor, Tonja B. Carter.
The better-known early movies about the disease were released later in the ’80s (“Parting Glances,” “Longtime Companion,” “Tongues Untied”) or the ’90s (“Philadelphia”).
But I also firmly believe that music is one of the crucial ways that we show who we are and what we care about, and so it’s worth paying attention to the role it plays in this tournament.
In those opening remarks, he mocked those who believe “we have a moral obligation to accept the world’s poor.” His rhetoric prompted Pacific Life Insurance to say on Friday that it would not advertise on the show in the coming weeks, adding, “As a company, we strongly disagree with Mr. Carlson’s statements.” On Monday’s program, Mr. Carlson reiterated his remarks and accused liberal opponents of trying to silence him by calling for an advertiser boycott.
At 80, my friend had a number of health problems, but it was still a surprise when he died suddenly, alone in his house.
“I don’t believe the Republican Party is using the gas tax issue as well as they should,” he said.
Ms. Winfrey said, “I remember talking on the phone and then I’m like, ‘Gayle?
Across the street from the barber shop are a Haitian bakery, a Haitian church and a Haitian restaurant, Ms. Bichotte, the first Haitian-American woman elected to office in New York City, explained.
He is a son of Rachel S. Cox and Glenn J. Berger of New York.
In 2010, whenever maintenance work in the system caused a scheduling change, virtually all delays were classified under the supplement schedule label, regardless of their cause.
But once they reached a critical point, Rome’s descent into chaos and dysfunction was astonishingly swift.
As Mr. Doherty packed up his car late Monday night for the drive from Los Angeles to Black Rock City, he seemed almost blasé about the experience.
Bagpipers played “Amazing Grace,” while on a nearby corner, two fire trucks hoisted an American flag over the center lanes of East 187th Street.
At the same time, Iraqi spies have infiltrated Islamic State fighter cells in Syria, a senior Iraqi official said, relaying information back to Iraqi forces who have stiffened defenses and coordinated efforts with Syrian militias along a 30-mile stretch of the Iraq-Syria border.
It cannot kick you out while it’s processing you — which can take months or years — or if you face a credible threat of persecution at home.
And no one can say what will happen if it does.
Joanna Kim, who arrived in Salt Lake City last month, said that the Trump travel ban and the extra vetting that followed are to blame for her two “very hard and long” years parked in an immigration detention facility in Bangkok.
They signed the lease on July 3, and the next day, a barge in the river set off a huge fireworks display, which seemed an auspicious start to their tenancy.
“You’ve got to remember,” he said, “that he paid another person $400,000 for absolutely nothing.” Under additional questioning, Mr. Thomas said that over the last two years he had withdrawn $615,000 from Mr. Indiana’s accounts at the artist’s request.
“The biggest issue isn’t visitors, but the correction officers — because they can bring in large amounts of contraband.”
But what is it, exactly?
Amid such pressing problems, international relations seemed a remote concern to many voters.
(Depending on the version of Windows you are using, you may also see a Fresh Start tool that reinstalls and updates Windows while keeping your files and settings.)
But I couldn’t help spending much of the week riveted by the work my colleagues were doing.
Both have appeared on Snapchat’s political television show on the app, “Good Luck America.” Still, it is unclear how many young people will show up at polls on Nov. 6.
The firms contend that high interest rates cover the risk that some borrowers will never collect settlements.
I’ve certainly had some tense conversations with auto companies and their representatives during the last couple of years.
Whereas many of his past works have been all about focusing on each new improbable element as it stomps to the fore, here, Mr. Norman’s complexity has a lighter footprint.
“The Japanese are very tired of this repeated reaction.
I paid more than I care to admit to have my stuffed elephant shipped home from a conference in Vegas after forgetting it in the hotel.
That’s something for you to confront, and even mourn, in your private life.
Ms. Gillibrand said she had already cast her ballot early (she has endorsed Mr. Cuomo for re-election) but declined to say whom she is supporting for attorney general, the lone open statewide office, calling the decision “personal.” In addition to Ms. Teachout, Letitia James, the New York City public advocate, Leecia Eve, a former adviser to Mr. Cuomo and Hillary Clinton, and Representative Sean Patrick Maloney are all running.
Hours later, his sense of urgency seemed prescient.
During a photo-op phone conversation, he called into question the 7-year-old’s belief in Santa Claus .
During the performance, he was completely taken over by the music, standing up, wildly clapping and raising his fist.
We have briefings timed for the Australian , Asian , European and American mornings.
The March for Our Lives rally , one of hundreds of protests held across the world, took place in Washington to call for action on gun violence.
What unique challenges are there?
My first job was at a CompUSA demo-ing software, and it was the worst public speaking experience a teenager going through puberty could have.
“It will be far-reaching, it will serve every part of our city — north, south, east, and west — and it will help to shape our future growth and development,” said Ms. Barry, who enjoyed approval ratings near 70 percent.
I actually met with someone who had suffered from this.
“It’s a family,” Laura Souza, the founder of GGirl Productions, said.
What’s something you don’t know how to do, but you feel like you should?
The new regime was even more harsh than Mubarak’s.
Behind him stood three cartloads of legal filings from the decade-long case, and posters depicting Mr. Epstein’s lavish properties and dark S.U.V.s.
One attractive quality of the Note9 is its exceptional battery life.
Unions say these fees, typically about 80 percent of standard dues, are necessary to compensate them for representing nonmembers in bargaining and grievance proceedings.
Take, for example, the buttery pork belly, a local delicacy for centuries, cooked sous-vide and served with house-fermented radishes and a peppery- sweet hoisin demi-glace.
Mr. Heugel makes it easy for Houstonians to get their highball on.
agents work alongside Salvadoran police officers.
So we complain about Trump being insular and parochial — but we’ve become insular and parochial as well.
“We know that we had a vision for a good, quality event,” Daniel Fisher, the director of the office, said in an interview.
The airstrike was the latest of many that Turkey has carried out in Iraqi territory, with the permission of the Iraqi government, in an effort to weaken the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, which Turkey considers a terrorist organization.
If the problem were really in the roots, wouldn’t it have shown up before now?
Despite being sexually assaulted in my youth, I agree that Brett Kavanaugh should be “presumed innocent.” But I disagree that this presumption, combined with an inability to prove Judge Kavanaugh’s guilt, should keep Dr. Blasey’s and others’ accusation from influencing senators’ votes.
He gouges us because Trump thinks he’s doing an outstanding job not enforcing clean air and water laws.
Bonus: It’s worth reflecting on the message the S.E.C.
Make a very long weekend of your trip to the Berkshires with three Boston Symphony concerts and, as a postlude on Monday, an evening with the young players of the Tanglewood Music Center Orchestra.
Why not a black Madonna?” More than 50 years earlier, Mr. Petlin had addressed urban unrest with “The Burning of Los Angeles,” a four-panel oil painting that he began even before the Watts riots in 1965.
The Dec. 12 ruling, by Judge Beth Bloom, came on the same day that a county judge, Patti Englander Henning, came to the opposite conclusion.
I’ll be traveling west to east and then back again.
Riding on a cross-continental Greyhound bus, past Iowa cornfields, Dyson notes: “On the third day of the journey a remarkable thing happened; going into a sort of semi-stupor as one does after 48 hours of bus riding, I began to think very hard about physics, and particularly about the rival radiation theories of Schwinger and Feynman.
Ms. Rachvelishvili brings back the role’s nuances, its range of colors, its emotional gradations.
Axios dove into the company’s new financial metric, “ community adjusted Ebitda .” • Sequoia Capital has raised $6 billion for what’s now the biggest U.S.-based venture fund.
In 2005, the Senate agreed to apologize to the victims of lynching and their descendants for its failure to pass anti-lynching legislation.
She is still hampered after sustaining two bone bruises on her left knee late in Game 2 of Washington’s semifinal series against the Atlanta Dream.
Of particular concern, he said, was the site of this fire: Paradise sits in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, where cities as far away as Los Angeles get their water.
“I can only speak to some of the personal accounts that those of us have, as well as the records that we have that are substantiated through a very detailed and thorough background investigation process.” Among those new charges she did not address: During an overseas trip by the Obama administration in 2015, Dr. Jackson went out drinking, came back to the delegation’s hotel and began banging on the door of a staff member’s hotel room, according to an account shared with Mr. Tester.
To Mr. Halaby’s credit, he made no outsize promises during the dinner.
Patti Hansen wears a Michael Kors Collection coat, $3,995, michaelkors.com .
( FT ) • Amazon’s rising share price brought Jeff Bezos’s net worth to $105.1 billion on Monday, beyond the high Bill Gates reached in 1999.
2 Republican in the Senate, accused Democrats of “chasing after irrelevant records,” while Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, told reporters that the stalling was “unprecedented.” “Senator Schumer should stop these political games and meet with Judge Kavanaugh,” she said.
A spokeswoman for Blackstone, Christine Anderson, declined to comment on Chinese efforts to influence Mr. Schwarzman, but said that he “has been happy to serve as an intermediary on certain critical matters between the two countries at the request of both heads of state.” Russia is not believed to be running as sophisticated an influence effort as China because of Mr. Trump’s apparent affinity for President Vladimir V. Putin, a former official said.
“I looked this morning at the standings, and the separation is getting bigger,” Lundqvist said after his team lost in extra time at the Garden for the fourth time this month.
We know this because when it came time to choose two speeches to include as appendices for his 1881 autobiography, “The Life and Times of Frederick Douglass,” he chose it and his famous “Freedmen’s Memorial Speech” about Abraham Lincoln.
“The chatter will arrest what was a long, painful ascent toward higher prices for motorists,” said Tom Kloza, global head of energy analysis at the Oil Price Information Service.
Last month, more than 5,000 civilians were forced to abandon their homes after Indian and Pakistani troops started shelling each other’s locations across the Line of Control.
“This is new.” The wave of protest is cresting as the Supreme Court prepares a decision in Janus v. Afscme , a major case in which the court is expected to make it harder for public sector unions to require workers to pay membership fees.
Her cabinet has been carefully constructed to balance those, like Mr. Hammond, who want to keep a close economic relationship with the European Union, and those, like Mr. Johnson, who argue for a cleaner break.
In July, David J. Pecker, the chairman of the company that owns The National Enquirer, visited his old friend President Trump at the White House.
But when a critical patient rolled in, Dr. O’Neal would flip a mental switch and start operating as a sharply focused physician, he said.
I try to just go out there and take the ball every fifth day and give us a chance to win.” He does that, over and over again, and the Mets give him nothing to show for it.
— Pat Rapp Our city has a long history of attacks involving explosive devices.
tournament were entertaining, and the evolution of Loyola-Chicago from lovable underdogs to genuine contenders captured the imagination of the nation.
It proves more forcefully than ever that the distinction between the works of the self-taught and that of the professionals has outlived its usefulness.
As of last year, it had 150,000 subscribers, about 130,000 for the print edition, a broadsheet that has remained largely unchanged.
One was Photoshopped tearing up the Constitution — a falsehood — and criticized for wearing a flag that represented her Cuban heritage.
Mr. Trump has waffled on the renewable fuel standard before — ethanol is big around here — and Iowa’s entire congressional delegation and the governor’s office pressured him to renew it.
Joan Donovan, a researcher at the think tank Data & Society who studies right-wing extremism online, said the far right corners of the internet often serve as an ad hoc testing ground for political messages that move fringe ideas into the mainstream.
The entire twisted-rich-guy-with-beautiful-young-wife plot is a dangerously familiar setup, but the show is proud of its borrowings; when you have a noir rarity like “I Wake Up Screaming” playing in the background of a scene, you’re trying to make a point (while showing off).
(Oregon has even considered cutting off Medicaid patients from opioids, which would be especially cruel given that chronic pain is more common among the poor than the rich.)
He said that it was funny, and “obviously successful,” but that it was also a sign of the times.
He knows perfectly well that nothing vaguely resembling the American public would ever tolerate such a thing; he also knows that it is a deeply offensive and attention-getting thing to say.” — William Levine Do you think we have missed anything important in this roundup?
It isn’t legal for public employees in Arizona to strike, and teachers could, technically, lose their jobs for participating in the walkout.
“I appreciate the sense of humor” of the venture, said Arielle, a 27-year-old federal employee who declined to give her last name because she was shopping during work hours.
I hope it encourages women to follow their careers.” There were disagreements over who should have drawn the honor of being the first woman in the square.
Many believe the submarine was finally discovered only because relatives set up a makeshift camp outside the presidential palace for 52 days earlier this year.
These students would go on to amass student loan debt that their bleak job prospects would never help them repay.
The monument has stood in San Francisco for a year.
The United States also uses the term ethnic cleansing to describe the military’s campaign against the Rohingya.
In the same meeting, Mr. Kim said he was willing to negotiate with the United States on abandoning his country’s nuclear weapons.
Whittier’s success opened doors between Texas and black athletes.
Bringing her own mother into the White House to help care for her daughters was a very public confession that she would not only be needing assistance, but she would prefer if that help came from someone she trusted to keep her recognizable to herself.
I don’t know how they get hold of our center, because we don’t publicize anything, but they do.
There are five room categories, ranging from a deluxe queen to the George suite, each with its own proper name and unique décor featuring eponymous pictures.
Only hours after a gunman attacked a country music bar in Thousand Oaks, the city was once again struck with panic.
The abrupt resignation came just before the Chamber of Delegates was to vote on a motion to censure Mr. Lafontant, a first step in asking that President Jovenel Moise name a new prime minister.
Her slogan in the last election — “For a Germany where life is good and we enjoy it” — about summed up the comforting combination of moderation, stability, centrism and decency that have rallied voters behind “Mutti” (Mommy).
Finally, tell us more about what you think: What do you think of the Japanese authorities’ efforts to combat suicides in the Aokigahara Forest?
Anyone Mr. Muzin pointed to was “in danger,” he told his old acquaintance, Joel Mowbray, who appears to have recorded their conversation about the Qataris.
Damaged legacies are irreparable — just ask Mr. Tillerson.
The son of Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany, Mr. Levy grew up in New York City, attended its public schools and became a Wall Street lawyer who immersed himself privately for years in state and city education issues.
Beside him, others seemed mealy-mouthed.
The police vehicle had been maintaining security near a music festival in the majority Christian town of Fuhais, near the capital, Amman, and about 10 miles from Salt.
In the x-games snowmobile speed and freestyle competitions are held.
And I want to stress this point: We investigate, we hold those accountable when and if it should occur.
Mr. Carmichael has become the target of many teachers’ ire.
She is portrayed by Nadine Malouf, Nicole Shalhoub and Stacey Yen, who are dressed almost identically in dark pantsuits and pale shirts but are not physically interchangeable.
“This was my home,” said Ms. Claude, 52.
Social media puts ever more pressure on appearances, but also on projecting politically correct politics, including promoting concepts like body positivity, self-acceptance and “expanding” the beauty ideal to incorporate diverse bodies.
He had been sentenced to 60 years in federal prison on a child pornography conviction, and the judge in this state court hearing has said that Dr. Nassar, 54, who has pleaded guilty to several sexual-assault charges, can expect to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Let’s make the immigration process great again.
Congress designed the whole post-crisis overhaul to ensure that banks have the funds on hand to lend during a downturn.
Matthew Nelson, a Methodist minister, and Preston Jones, Mr. McCormick’s youth minister at Jasper United Methodist Church.
If the presidential elections are delayed, that could give Zalmay Khalilzad, the top American envoy who has met with the Taliban several times in recent months, a bigger window to seek a deal.
The firm consists of about 50 agents, and its marquee clients include Kathleen Turner, Ralph Macchio and Ali MacGraw.
Mr. Richkus, a thin-faced man with hair that spills over his shoulders, was expounding on how to burn incense to a dozen mostly young enthusiasts.
Thousands of protesters rallied outside Parliament on Saturday , shouting, “Traitors” and “sellouts” at the lawmakers inside.
“It’s time for the Palestinian Authority and Hamas to stop using the people of Gaza as pawns.” Mr. Kushner welcomed the idea of a referendum on a peace plan as a way to bypass recalcitrant leaders in both the West Bank and Jerusalem.
Arab states, Iran-obsessed, have lost interest in the Palestinian cause.
On a trip to Beijing in late 2013, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. criticized China over the use of visas to pressure foreign media outlets.
A woman named Charlene Spretnak and a physicist named Fritjof Capra wrote a book called “Green Politics,” which really didn’t capture the German Greens — it was kind of her new-age take on it — but then people said you’ve got to start a party.
Even Einstein, he found this fantastic thing, but not out of the blue.
Part of that is about a customary swing of the pendulum in midterms.
You knew where you stood with her,” Ms. Franklin said, adding that Ms. Sharp “was such a good friend.” She added that her son, James, 12, was friends with Sterling and her daughter, Violet, 8, was friends with Adrianna.
The other man, Samir Hashmi, was a student at Rutgers University and active in its Muslim Student Association.
Similarly, the Blue Fire Megacoaster (“powered by Gazprom”) made Space Mountain look like Alice’s Spinning Teacups.
The bloodshed has brought the Israeli-Palestinian conflict back onto the international agenda after years as an afterthought.
Another ball through the six on a corner!
According to a 2016 survey conducted by the Pew Research Center, about half of all Americans ages 16 and over used a public library in the past year, and two-thirds say that closing their local branch would have a “major impact on their community.” Libraries are being disparaged and neglected at precisely the moment when they are most valued and necessary.
chief of staff and chief financial officer.
Two years ago at the nonwaiver trading deadline, catcher Jonathan Lucroy, then with the Milwaukee Brewers, rejected a trade to the Cleveland Indians.
Like the one I formulated for a recent piece on the Los Angeles Rams’ superb offensive line — a mishmash of rankings and stats and salary-cap information that makes sense only to me.
For the many firefighters who are veterans and served in Iraq or Afghanistan or both — whom we interviewed for this piece — fighting the fires has summoned their memories of war.
What Challenges Have You Overcome?
The draft of a report prepared for the board of CBS by lawyers for the company, and seen by the NYT , contains a series of new allegations against Mr. Moonves, CBS’s former chief executive.
Aspiring candidates and officials will find good career advice; wonks will appreciate the ticktocks of negotiations on Israel, Iran and climate change; cynics will see it as a trial balloon for one last run.
It is a reminder that the internet’s most effective trick is connecting disparate individuals into a coherent whole.
(Farago) 212-689-6337, museumofsex.com ‘ZOE LEONARD: SURVEY’ at the Whitney Museum of American Art (through June 10).
Ultimately, the effect of the rising stock market depends on how those wealthy investors use their windfall.
“Now I don’t feel bad,” Dr. Litton said.
Many voters braved long lines or soggy weather to cast their ballots in races that covered everything from referendums to state and local races to congressional seats.
8 after entering the U.S. Open last year at No.
per capita, social support, life expectancy, freedom to make life choices, generosity and corruption levels.
By the time she turned 26, Bly had gone undercover as a mental patient in New York, exposed corruption in the state capital and traveled the world in 72 days, a great feat at the time.
But he has been equally adamant about dismantling banking rules, part of a broader regulatory rollback.
Bill Clinton’s Democrats lost both houses of Congress in 1994 , George W. Bush’s Republicans lost both houses in 2006 , and Barack Obama’s Democrats lost the House in 2010 and the Senate in 2014 .
“I was actually dating a good friend of his,” said Ms. Simmons, who simultaneously swore to marry Mr. Simmons if they were single at 33.
“Lord, help us to have the Christian’s conscience and courage to resist this ‘Orwellian nonsense’ with more positive Gospel action and higher praise,” the church said in a statement shortly before the members were detained.
In the United States, the model had once been a melting pot.
By Saturday morning, it was about 35 miles west of Myrtle Beach, S.C., and its winds had dropped to 50 m.p.h.
He imprisoned women’s rights activists and extorted from business leaders, and there were no consequences.
Plus, a sizable portion of the art audience has taken to doing its looking online, raising the question: Why have physical galleries at all?
A friend had cloned his beloved dog, and I was very impressed with that dog.
Before Sayoc was caught, Trump implied that the terrorism was a Democratic setup to deflect from his midterms roadshow.
The Boivin ruby and amethyst starfish fascinate us today because of their bold sheer beauty and the fine workmanship that cannot be replicated with modern methods.
“You can’t play a complete weirdo onscreen that somehow anybody can connect with unless you’re in touch with your humanity,” Mr. Cretton said.
• “It seems Trump’s endorsement put Cox over the top.” A new poll shows the Republican John Cox with a seven-point advantage for second place in the governor’s primary race, meaning he could face Lt. Gov.
Hospice patients know that they’re close to death; they and their families have also been instructed that most distressing symptoms, like shortness of breath, can be eased at home.
The groom’s parents are retired from IBM in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., where his mother was a technical services professional and his father a technical support executive.
The old Gloucester Street laundry, the last of Ireland’s infamous Magdalene Laundries to shut its doors, will soon be demolished and replaced by a budget hotel and a student residence — if the City Council has its way.
• Privacy , with users given strict control over who can see their data, and the power to remove it.
In the last days before the separation, I’d escaped to the refuge of a writing retreat in Southern California, where the previous winter’s torrential rains had stimulated a springtime superbloom of desert wildflowers.
Xavier F. Salomon, the Frick’s chief curator, declared flatly: “This never would have happened without her.” “This” is an exhibition that opened at the Frick last week, a case study of how the sculptor Antonio Canova worked.
Off the kitchen is the service suite, which has one bedroom and one bathroom, and the laundry room.
There I learned to point with an open hand, and to prostrate myself as I thought of the teachers who have helped to get me to this moment.
The fiasco was not surprising — the tone-deafness and self-protectiveness of the Roman intervention, the bafflement and internal divisions of the American bishops, and the liberal-versus-conservative arguments that followed were all characteristic of Catholicism’s crisis under Pope Francis.
The group shared a suite with another PAC tied to Mr. Pruitt, Liberty 2.0, as well as his campaign office.
Wild boars strolled the streets of a busy neighborhood.
It is the kind of quiet deal-making for which Ms. Pelosi is legendary on Capitol Hill, where such horse trading is behind virtually every major piece of legislation.
In a study published this year, the center found that 13 percent of widows were living beneath the Census Bureau’s official poverty threshold in 2014, down from 20 percent in 1994.
“If Germany is strong, it’s because Bavaria is strong,” Mr. Söder intoned from the stage in his Frankish lilt, to approving cheers.
“The first one opened the door, the other climbed in and put a cord around my neck.
Going into the final week of the season, the Saints have nothing to play for and will probably rest their starters at home against Carolina.
When times are hard, the clan remembers its intrepid Punjabi ancestor, who dared to sail unknown waters on a hijacked ship carrying a precious cargo of beer.
“They blew it once; they’ll blow it again.
Pandit Rajesh Hariharan, a Hindu priest, led the ceremony.
In Rwanda and Bosnia, United Nations forces drawn from across the organization’s member states were outgunned and showed little resolve.
Over the weekend, Russia began an enormous naval exercise in the Mediterranean, just a few hundred miles from the likely front lines, involving 26 warships and support vessels, as well as 36 planes, including strategic bombers.
“In an age of severe trade tensions,” writes Jack Ewing of the NYT , the meeting “became a venue for allies and adversaries alike to vent their anger at American policies they said were illegal and destructive.” “The Trump administration’s confrontational approach to international diplomacy has altered the rules of engagement at international institutions like the W.T.O.,” adds Mr. Ewing.
Sessions issued last year requiring settlement money to go to victims or the Treasury Department, a change that effectively prevented prosecutors from forcing banks to spend billions of dollars addressing neighborhood blight and other issues tied to the mortgage crisis.
Mr. Rizwan, 31, is a litigation associate in the Manhattan office of Covington & Burling, a law firm.
When I exercised, I wore a shirt.
There’s nothing wrong with ranting.
At least 14 explosive packages have been discovered since Monday.
Of the approximately 1,000 people who work for Resorts World in jobs like food service, maintenance and accounting, 62 percent live in the area and other parts of Queens, said Michelle Stoddart, the company’s director of public relations and community development.
Furman lists some initiatives: expanding education and training so more people have skills that complement and benefit from innovations, increasing the progressivity of the tax system to make sure that everyone shares in the overall benefits of the economy, and expanding institutional support for higher wages, including a higher minimum wage and stronger collective bargaining and other forms of worker voice.
Stop blaming the European Union, he declared.
“They’re more focused on family and close community.
Dr. Feijoo said Mr. Taveras had been removed because he violated academic policy and because his superintendent had concerns about his leadership.
When they weren’t sitting, the dancers’ movements were mostly simple: walking, sliding, falling, teetering on tiptoe.
But if we’ve learned anything in the age of Trump, it’s that rights can also be constricted and rescinded.
Then it was simply a matter of getting Christian Vazquez to pop out to left and Kershaw was out of the inning.
“But long-term effects are less well known.” And data on whether it actually helps people quit is contradictory.
So this is really about using Denmark as a mirror to hold up to the rest of the world.
Democrats should look at referendum results as a glimpse of a road map forward.
“Those guarantees mean little, however, if courts do not remain vigilant in curbing states’ efforts to undermine the ability of minority voters to meaningfully exercise that right.” “The court today does great damage to that right of equal opportunity,” she wrote.
The crown prince is very open to Western leaders and is in constant communication with many of them.
[Follow our live coverage of the N.B.A.
“Intelligence is all about context, which is history and consequence,” said Mr. Hayden, and intelligence officials are “trying to pull him into an agreed view of objective reality.” But in briefings and meetings, Mr. Trump has frequently chosen to adhere to his own beliefs on issues such as the Iran nuclear deal.
Localism is also thriving these days because many cities have more coherent identities than the nation as a whole.
Saeed’s father, on the other hand, only says of the doors: “Let us see.” Does this feel resonant to you of the experience of different generations of migrants?
“Now I don’t know.” Then, after Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony: “He does not to me sound like he’s lying, and neither did she.
One has to purchase a little card to buy time online.
Like Frieze in London and New York, Frieze Los Angeles will also feature smaller events.
“We are helping them become more knowledgeable about what the digital landscape is like,” Mr. Hodgson said of his students, “so they can make choices about what they use and what they don’t use.” Ms. Yi of Google said the company was aware that multiple efforts were needed to help children learn to navigate the digital world.
Maybe the rest of us should, too.
has lost my confidence and trust,” he wrote in a letter to Gov.
He is the son of Elizabeth Hunt Allcott and Dr. John V. Allcott III of Eugene, Ore.
I throw mine in the dishwasher.
Chief Rick Smith of the Kansas City police said that when officers went to confront the man outside a motel on the city’s East Side just after noon, he shot and wounded two officers and fled.
What really was interesting, and more Tiffany, was doing things in a surprising way.” A couple of days before the actual decorating began, Christopher Young, the vice president and creative director of creative visual merchandising, events and the Tiffany Archive, spent the afternoon at Spaeth Design.
I remember Uncle Jarvis used to manage Damon when he was in that group.
I’d always quip, “The day Jesse refuses a beer will be the day he dies.” One evening, even a half-teaspoon of frosty Samuel Adams couldn’t entice him to eat.
“That is what this case is about.” The government has accused Mr. Guzmán not only of having a hand in dozens of killings in his homeland, but also of running a sprawling organization that smuggled at least 200 tons of cocaine into the United States in a fleet of yachts, planes, fishing boats and submarines.
“Cousins that you may have, or nieces and nephews, might love to receive whatever family heirlooms or history that you have to pass on,” she said.
Even the ones you tell about yourself”); sometimes they tap into deep, resonant experiences of childhood timelessness (“In the summer we never slept and no one could stop us”); frequently they overlap, entwining physics and optics and language into something moving and strange.
The Najjars met and married in 2002, a year before the United States and its allies invaded Baghdad.
It was to locate the elusive fulcrum between conflict and mediation — to produce an onslaught of pressure that forced officials to react while preserving an almost irrational faith in their capacity for good will.
Perhaps it was the limited exposure of an independent film with a low budget and no stars, or the theme.
As with all military conflicts, it is obvious that some framed the issues differently and came to different conclusions, and, as Americans, perhaps we should examine our nation’s own moral ambiguities more honestly.
American politics, rarely if ever a kumbaya exercise, is now marked by talk of left-wing mobs and right-wing nationalism , and has become as combustible this fall as it has been in modern times.
Ms. Torres and her neighbor Mr. Moreno filed suit against the landlord in 2016.
Since becoming Italy’s interior minister and vice premier, Mr. Salvini’s constant social media posts, television appearances and campaign-style travel have raised the question of when he actually works.
Former President Jimmy Carter pointed this out in an article he wrote for The Journal of the American Medical Association in 1994, in which he warned that our country is in “continuing danger” from the possibility that a president could become disabled “particularly by a neurological illness.” Revelations that President Ronald Reagan may have had early-stage Alzheimer’s while he was president add to these concerns.
Crosby had a far different job.
We aim to end them and reimagine the meaning of justice in America.
From 1980 to 1987, the share of sugar in American sweetener consumption, previously 65 percent, dropped to 47 percent.
That’s unacceptable.” Additional changes that will further reshape the 2020 presidential nominating process are also being discussed.
It was a fine throw by Fromm, but Brown took it away from Wims.
And he said some of the factors at play, like London’s sky-high property prices, were out of the local authority’s control.
But historically this heartland region was in play for both parties, and Democrats hope it will be again, after earlier two-party contests around the country have seen a wave of disaffected voters reject Republican candidates in places as diverse as suburban Pittsburgh and Tidewater Virginia.
I added candied ginger and chopped pistachios to my biscuit dough, making it almost sconelike.
• Activistas protestaron a favor del aborto legal en el Congreso argentino.
Green, senior vice president for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
“We don’t know yet whether this security hole was a product of negligence or an accident that could happen even if you have good security,” Professor Hoofnagle said.
“It just all became so real,” Kerrin said.
You can be a bad person and have a successful presidency.
Becky, meanwhile, is applying to be a surrogate mother for a well-to-do woman — played by Sarah Chalke, who took over for Ms. Goranson as Becky in the show’s original run.
And more serious news coverage often struggles to find clear enough language to explain the bait and switch, without seeming to lose its objectivity.
Jimmy Fallon culled hilarious and offbeat screen captures from his audience.
might be helped by the renewed energy of its base following the battle over Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court, but he added that independent voters remained a challenge.
They don’t stand on their own.
The vision is to turn the 4,200-seat arena into an environment similar to the raucous Smith Center, intimate and, now, with Delle Donne at the center of the furor.
Still, the team advanced to the second round for the first time since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
“We have a big reporting staff covering local news that Gothamist has never had,” Mr. Schachter said.
You see it even with the highest draft picks — it’s not like you come into the league as a rookie and set the league on fire.” ••• When Paul began representing Bazley, a McDonald’s All-American from Cincinnati, one of his first missions was dissuading the teenager from trying to cast himself as some sort of pioneer.
CELTICS 108, 76ERS 103 The rookie Jayson Tatum scored 21 points and hit a pair of free throws in the closing second, and host Boston rallied from a 22-point deficit to beat Philadelphia and take a 2-0 lead in the Eastern Conference semifinals.
Norse sagas refer to a sólarstein or “sunstone” that had special properties when held to the sky.
But I’ve been reading various accounts of 1990-91, and they’re kind of amorphous.
Then he painted with the ashes.
Scaffolding still obscured two sides of the development.
(It also allows for part of the refund to come in the form of a paper check.)
Mr. Gerez ran out of food at least half an hour before his published closing time.
If you can find a financial resource — a book, a podcast, a blog — that makes you feel positive about your relationship with money, stick to that resource and keep learning a little bit about money at a time.
“Lummis’s life wasn’t on a course that would lead naturally to becoming a librarian,” Orlean writes, and yet a librarian he became.
“Xi Jinping regards these changes as positive because they will give an official fig leaf to a terrifying investigatory/punishment process that until now has been largely practiced by the party against party members.” The 3,000 members of the National People’s Congress, who are carefully vetted by the party, are all but certain to overwhelmingly approve the new agencies before ending the legislature’s annual session next Tuesday.
Low on cash, Mr. Zafiriou sold all of their gold jewelry, except for the cross used at Anamaria’s christening.
The Warriors have also been dealing with multiple injuries.
There are plenty of other benefits, too.
What does this say about real income?
Compared to what Senator Mitch McConnell did in stealing a Supreme Court seat from President Obama for a year, it’s nothing.
But Mr. Ibarra hopes the respect and time he devotes to his work sets it apart from the torrent of images readers consume every day.
“It got a little crazy,” said Mr. Abramson, who is Jewish but not observant.
Its moral couldn’t be clearer.
Most of the stables in Chantilly and the surrounding area are private.
Unless, of course, you’re in the process of incubating a miracle.
And it’s those shallow qualities associated with womanhood that we see on screen.
Today one retailer, the Commissar Clothing Company, offers “Make Zimbabwe Rhodesia Again” hoodies and T-shirts and others that read “Be a Man Among Men,” a Rhodesian Army recruiting slogan now used by hate groups.
Nowhere was that more apparent than at a news conference on Friday convened by Cynthia Nixon, Mr. Cuomo’s Democratic primary challenger.
Yumi purées are sent in weekly installments in 4.5-ounce jars filled with buckwheat-infused kabocha squash and quinoa-fortified kale and pears; they cost about $5 each.
The clothes are made in India by local workers and sold in the United States.
However, others say those criticisms are unfair.
Prosecutors for the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, said in court that they have not decided whether to charge Mr. Manafort with additional crimes after accusing him this week of lying to investigators in violation of his plea agreement.
In both regions, more than 40 percent of people over the age of 65 were found to be at risk.
“This is part of a wider pattern of unacceptable behavior by Russia, including complicity with the Assad regime, the annexation of Crimea, Russian-led fighting in eastern Ukraine, support for civil strife in Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova and other neighboring countries, interference in elections and disinformation campaigns.” The Belgian government said it would discuss on Tuesday whether to expel any of the Russian diplomats who handle relations not only with Belgium, but also with the European Union and NATO, which have their headquarters in Brussels, said Barend Leyts, spokesman for the Belgian prime minister, Charles Michel.
Corbet’s new film, “Vox Lux” — what he calls a “21st-century portrait” — begins with a 1999 school shooting in Staten Island, N.Y., and a steely focused 13-year-old survivor: Celeste (Raffey Cassidy), who in the tragedy’s aftermath performs a song written with her older sister, Eleanor (Stacy Martin).
But can Khan take on the military establishment, which still sits at the top of the food chain and is still fighting an eternal war against India and its own people, too?
Within a year, blasting had begun.
“It’s a new category in the hotel industry,” said Hans Meyer, co-founder of Zoku.
For more on how the United States handles disasters, this eye-opening piece by Kevin Sack and John Schwartz reports that at least $81 billion in taxpayer money has been spent on recovery projects since 1992, often with no regard for the realities of climate change.
Read my article for more about why Merced has become a magnet for Latino students and how its demographics have shaped the campus.
The episode begins pleasantly enough.
To the Editor: Re “ Mr. Trump’s War on American Allies ” (editorial, June 1): Your in-depth critique of why President Trump is placing tariffs on our closest allies gives him more credit than is due.
Photographer’s assistants: Karl Leitz, Caleb Andriella and Lloyd McCullough.
Now, there are just four.
As the two lounged at a coffee shop in Eindhoven, in the Netherlands, there was something Osorio, who at the time was deep in World Cup preparations with Mexico, simply needed to know: How did Hiddink, a veteran of World Cups with three nations, guide South Korea to its astonishing semifinal finish at the 2002 tournament?
“President Obama wants to make room for the next generation of Democratic leaders to step up, which is why he’s largely stayed out of the day-to-day fray over the past two years,” said Eric Schultz, a senior adviser to the former president.
Cardinal Wuerl’s standing was weakened by his association with his predecessor, although he insists he knew nothing about the allegations.
Other symptoms include the computer fan’s running at high speed or the Mac’s acting sluggish, even if you are not using a lot of processor-hogging programs.
“However, the bigger danger is that all news apps may lose out, with users pulling away from sanitized news feeds for entertainment elsewhere.” Hans Tung of GGV Capital, a venture firm that operates in both China and the United States and is a Bytedance shareholder, said he was confident the company would continue to add more types of material — not just the lowbrow kind — to its platforms.
But she’d already written two novels, and her time as a journalist had instilled in her a helpful work ethic and lack of preciousness: She could write fast, under pressure.
(To be fair, he said, the Cardinals weren’t total cheapskates: “The team was nice enough to provide the stool.”) Mr. Winston is an unusual Players Association boss because he is not currently on an N.F.L.
But this break is also fieldwork.
Fear not, the above entry — as well as the other theme entries — are not really gibberish.
“He did a great job taking care of all of the harassment issues, which made my life so much better,” she said.
Mr. Trump’s order, by contrast, stated that the government may send new detainees to Guantánamo “when lawful and necessary to protect the nation,” which was already his administration’s policy, in theory.
Buy Some Cereal and Condoms!
“So you could see why abortion rights supporters might look to the states to enact additional protections.” Up until 1970, New York followed a law enacted in 1828 that permitted abortion only when it was required to save a woman’s life.
And we haven’t been able to judge how well it complements what voters are hungriest for now.
The five children, three girls and two boys, believe they, too, benefited from parental protection.
The building sold for about 15.4 times the rent roll, with a cap rate of 4.33 percent.
Because my body is failing, I have enlisted the aid of a colleague, the education journalist Peg Tyre, who has long shared my views.
“We have to work together,” she said, or risk a future of “oppressive authority.” If Tancítaro seceded with a gun, then the city of Monterrey, home to many top Mexican corporations, did it with a Rolodex and a handshake.
players and coaches have been politically vocal, and have spoken in favor of the N.F.L.
That accusation came from the actress Eliza Dushku, now 37, who said on Saturday in a Facebook post that Mr. Kramer abused her during the filming of “True Lies,” the 1994 summer blockbuster.
This graveyard’s relationship to the second enslavement of black Americans in the 19th century makes it a crucially important archaeological find, and the scientific team should take all the time it needs to analyze it.
Data collected by UC Santa Barbara’s American Presidency Project indicates that nearly 88 percent of the eligible population voted in the 1888 presidential election ; by 2012 that figure had dropped below 55 percent .
Grow tender in the face of their fear.
A sign outside bears the European Union flag and warns passengers not to travel without papers.
Bruce Springsteen and Bette Midler were regular visitors, but Tower’s most famous patron was Elton John, for whom the Hollywood store would open early.
In an interview in Amsterdam, Mr. Eno said that he saw “Bloom: Open Space,” which had a limited five-day run here last month, as “the beginning of an experiment” with these new technologies.
Being a lusty, modern woman, I was enthralled.
The industrial giant said yesterday that it will break itself up , the latest sign that investors want smaller, more focused businesses, not conglomerates.
The better to create dinosaur cakes for the daughter he and Rae (Maya Erskine), his Airbnb guest turned accidental lover, are now co-parenting in a home so unlike the one he grew up in, filled with stability and maturity.
You just need to keep it conservative on the irons, and wait for the putter to be hot.
Both arguments go against well-established, widely accepted scientific research.
Cleveland was safe again for sports billionaires.
If the U.S. Open does not have the British Open’s history, it at least provides an annual statement of intent.
He’s got meetings set up.
Ortanzso Bovell had been like another brother to him since elementary school.
A visit to a Toyota car manufacturing plant in Texas by Mr. Pruitt came with an upfront demand by the E.P.A.
In 1801 the French botanist Augustin Augier used a tree as a kind of chart, for bringing order to the diversity of plants.
“There’s value in experiencing something,” said J. J. Redick, one of the few veteran players on the 76ers.
“Trump expressed a commitment to evaluate his request.” Argentina is already paying a price for United States trade barriers.
Damned was the person in my family who ever tried to record over the Tonys with a football game or an episode of “Thirtysomething.” Those tapes were precious to me.
One of my closest friends was accused of raping a fellow student in college.
He “took my beautiful, healthy young spirit and crushed it,” the woman, Andrea Constand, wrote in her victim impact statement .
He graduated from Harvard and received both a master’s degree and a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
There’s no visible slick that can be pumped out.
But an Aramark spokeswoman said that “one of the two managers who was terminated was a person of color, and the other was not.” Watermelons and Kool-Aid have long histories as racial stereotypes.
Last summer, we headed to Abbey Road in London just hours after we stepped off the plane at Heathrow Airport to recreate the scene on the eponymous album (minus the Volkswagen).
Ms. Harrison’s accomplishments were reported that day by WFMY, a local television station.
The memorial bears the names of more than 4,400 African-Americans who were victims of terror killings during this period — inscribed on more than 800 steel pillars that also bear the names of the counties where the lynchings occurred.
Henrik Lundqvist made 26 saves for the Rangers, who outshot the Sabres in all three periods and finished with a 44-29 advantage in shots on goal.
“I had never asked them before,” he said.
“I didn’t want to tempt myself,” she said.
What was electrifying about him that day, whether he was sitting at that piano, belting an opening section of “Bohemian Rhapsody” or doing not terribly rhythmic aerobics around the stage with his mic stand was how Mercury owned these clothes — like, he possessed them and they seem to possess him.
“The firefighters are doing heroes’ work,” Dr. Solomon said, “but these hazardous materials workers are doing heroes’ work for sure too — it’s just less visible.”
But right now, this is the place she calls home.
“And if the president will not, Congress must act.” The votes came only hours after Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo implored members of the House of Representatives during a closed-door briefing to continue the military advising, logistics support and intelligence that have for years been shared with Saudi Arabia.
Not bad for a Monday.
A top official with the Department of Health and Human Services told members of Congress on Thursday that the agency had lost track of nearly 1,500 migrant children it placed with sponsors in the United States, raising concerns they could end up in the hands of human traffickers or be used as laborers by people posing as relatives.
At a time when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention projects that one in two black queer men in the United States will become H.I.V.
“Moll’s a wild one,” someone remarks early in “Beast,” Michael Pearce’s thrilling, unsettling debut feature.
[ The Guardian ] • U.S. Open semifinals: Serena Williams faces Anastasija Sevastova at 7 p.m. Eastern at Arthur Ashe Stadium, followed by Naomi Osaka and Madison Keys.
The story of how we came to use an urban-theory concept like gentrification to talk about food might actually begin with Whole Foods.
“This simply can’t continue any longer.
“It’s just impossible to know what to do.” Court and legal records showed that the go-karts were purchased nine years earlier from a Tennessee park, which cautioned that most “have seasons worth of use on the clutch, bearings and seals.” The tires on Ms. Gibbs’s kart were uncovered, unlike some others, though covering them is not a requirement.
His first job was as news director for Armed Forces Radio there, but when the morning host’s slot became vacant shortly after his arrival, he settled in behind the microphone.
A 4-liter turbo V8 will deliver 604 horsepower.
Byrne anticipated that after his death, physicians would want to study and perhaps display his body, so he instructed friends to seal his coffin and dispose of it in the ocean.
We discussed the paucity of available treatment options and settled on a clinical trial of a new oral drug that had shown promise in preliminary studies.
“We’ve heard different summaries of where they might be headed and we’re weighing in,” Mr. Brady said.
For example, days after news broke of the Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein’s history of sexual harassment, LawCash, a settlement-advance company, was trying to cash in.
After that, Mr. Rechnitz said, they retired to the Grand Havana Club for cigars.
series, the two stars show up in books by other authors.
Such good-faith efforts, however, seem increasingly ineffectual.
The use of an exotic poison in an attempt on his life has echoes of the assassination in 2006 of Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian agent and vocal critic of Mr. Putin, who was poisoned in London with a radioactive isotope.
The performance of stocks under Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama fall far short of the rally that took place after Bill Clinton was re-elected in 1996.
The commission’s complaint argues that New York lawmakers would have to pass a bill identical to the one Mr. Christie signed in order to end the compact between the states.
“If she had never gotten lost, we most likely never would have met,” Mr. Dehnert said.
The Twins, who also added the veteran relievers Addison Reed and Zach Duke, join Detroit, the Angels, Tampa Bay, Seattle, the Cubs, San Diego, Miami and Arizona on Rodney’s career itinerary.
But the bikes, which have the potential to offer affordable, green transportation in areas of the city that lack other means of getting around, have remained heavily concentrated in Manhattan.
Many female candidates said the most important outcome of Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s win was the legitimacy it lent to networks of women who had previously been dismissed.
Bridgepoint said that it remained a Cove client.
An early number proclaimed, “Now the bank, the factory and the lawyer’s office will close/Because the you-know-whos are gone, but we don’t know where.” The evening unfolded in a succession of sketches and musical numbers presenting a cross-section of Hungarian society as they reacted to the news of the missing people: an orchestra suddenly lacking most of its players; a family eating a meal without the grandmother; a middle-class household discovering that the neighbors have vanished.
The announcement came months after Mr. Sauerberg announced a sweeping plan to address the struggles at Condé Nast.
In the 40s by day, in the 20s by night.
“Occasional hosts might be the numerical majority of hosts, but they account for a surprisingly small proportion of the actual rental activity on Airbnb and earn a surprisingly small proportion of the actual revenue,” the report said .
Previously, Mr. McDonald had hoped to keep it Italian, with Adam Leonti in the kitchen, but there were complications preventing Mr. Leonti from coming on board.
Or come visit us on our Facebook page to see what’s striking ours.
For Ms. Gadsby, the diagnosis was “both a devastating and wonderful moment.”) Ms. Gadsby’s family knew some of the trauma she had been through, but when they came to see “Nanette” early on, she modified it because, she said, it was “unfair to subject them to that kind of sucker punch in a roomful of strangers.” (Spoilers ahead.)
The appointment of a new director, Klaus Biesenbach — a social butterfly who will savor his time on the red carpets, but also an advocate for young artists at MoMA PS1, and a talented curator with an all-too-rare ecological commitment — could draw a line under the MOCA crisis if he accomplishes two tasks: First, he needs to convince the collectors on its board, which has ultimate responsibility for MOCA’s stewardship, to commit themselves fully to the museum or to make way for trustees who will.
We don’t want senators for life or governors for three terms.
Buying the chip maker ARM: We get that.
Consider the grim-faced conceptual artist Yayoi Kusama , who wears bright red wigs and muumuus in prints that match her obsessive dot paintings.
As our team closely monitored Twitter that Friday night, a video started to circulate that showed a series of explosions, reportedly in Damascus.
Last year, she had her first solo exhibition in Mill Valley, Calif.; her house is filled with her canvases, and a backyard studio is crammed with portraits of her family members and figures ranging from Muhammad Ali to the musician Richard Thompson.
The two victories came despite Tampa Bay being outshot by 76-43 over the two games.
It is only then, after the trade is completed and Cousins and Keenum sign, that players like Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers will look at how things went and decide just how much they are going to demand from their teams in renegotiations.
I suspect that that’s a big part of Trump’s relative calm here.
the look Father’s Day is a reminder of the traits and rituals that we pass down, often unwittingly, through DNA and demonstration.
Instead of squirting ink to escape predators, the fist-size glass squid above on the left hides in plain sight, pulling its tentacles and head inside its spike-covered body cavity.
The woman, Amia Tyrae, 28, was killed Monday at about 1:15 a.m. at a motel on Airline Highway, according to the Baton Rouge Police Department.
Bond managers emphasize that the picture for retailers is not monochromatic.
In the aftermath, the company announced changes, including working with independent fact-checkers and starting a news literacy campaign to help people spot disinformation.
This week, however, the Justice Department filed suit against California , challenging three state laws that make up the heart of its sanctuary policies.
Mr. Price and Mr. Nolan began by making duplicate negatives and then initiated a complex method of color correction.
“I don’t believe Mrs. Trump has ever discussed her thoughts on anything with Mr. Giuliani,” the first lady’s spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said in an email to The New York Times.
And then, a few weeks ago, my eyes fell on a button that’s seemingly been there forever.
They position Logic as a hip-hop star, but also a source of comfort and inspiration, and a dream enabler.
It didn’t even hurt that much.
At 51A, the answer to “Small talk” is CHITTER CHATTER, which you, smart solver that you are, have already written in as CH I/A TTER.
It was the Obama administration that first accused Russia of violating the treaty in 2014 as the crisis in Ukraine ratcheted up tensions.
Original Big Bird, Caroll Spinney, Leaves ‘Sesame Street’ After Nearly 50 Years 55.
Earlier in March, Djokovic dropped his opener at Indian Wells , where he has won five titles, to Taro Daniel, a qualifier ranked outside the top 100.
( WRAL ) • Fraud is still rampant in I.C.O.s.
The European Union announced the withdrawal of its ambassador to Moscow for consultations, while President Emmanuel Macron said that France and other countries, including Germany, would also take measures, prompting speculation that they would expel some Russian diplomats, as Britain did in response to the attack .
I remember the first time he took me hunting.
This is why anyone implicated in cover-up — up to and including Pope Francis — needs to resign.
“They used to clear all the equipment away and put a sound system and a D.J.
They don’t understand the levels of intimidation.” This fear — that state officials are intentionally attempting to undermine voting rights of minorities — echoes a darker period in America’s past when states codified voter disenfranchisement along racial lines.
We got yeshiva kids, madrasa kids.
“So when I discovered post-conflict Belfast working-class areas, I saw a familiar situation, and I could understand what kind of life the new generation has in Northern Ireland.” Mr. Smiejek was a portrait photographer who had settled in London in 2004 after years of traveling through Europe.
Two years ago, Ms. Couric and her husband, the financier John P. Molner, bought the entire 10th floor of 151 East 78th Street for $12.17 million.
They will play at the Nassau Coliseum, their old home, for part of the next three seasons.
The retailer stormed across the American suburbs more than a decade ago, building hundreds of big-box stores known for affordable, hip clothing and furnishings.
verb: walk leisurely noun: a leisurely walk (usually in some public place) _________ The word amble has appeared in 16 articles on nytimes.com in the past year, including on Nov. 1 in “ Manhattan Terror Attack Exposes Bike Path’s Vulnerable Crossings ” by Sharon Otterman: The four-mile-long Hudson River Park Bikeway, which hugs the West Side Highway on the western side of Manhattan, is the busiest bike path in the city, with some 6,000 cyclists using it each day.
Alexander Posner, 22, a Yale University senior who founded the group, said he has been interested in climate change and energy for years.
He Was 302 Pounds, but in This Battle, He’s David and Not Goliath 60.
Out of the ashes, local warlords and strongmen would rise up.
Endeavor, the entertainment and sports conglomerate led by Ari Emanuel , introduced a new division on Thursday dedicated to developing, financing, producing, distributing and marketing podcasts.
It is a feast for your senses , providing an immersive experience narrated by an acoustic ecologist looking for quiet in an ever-noisier world.
Humanity & Inclusion said it was sending teams to assess the damage and provide emergency aid to the most vulnerable people.
This time around the Democrats are in an especially weak position, not least because extremists in both Congress and the White House are holding the Dreamers hostage to a radical nativist agenda.
In her speech, she repeatedly called on members to commit to rebuilding global institutions, not consign them to history.
He gave his Heisman Trophy to a restaurant owner for display in exchange for free lunches.
His delightfully quirky tone and rich array of anecdotes make this book a standout.
And so it seems natural that he was intrigued by the central question of “The Tenant,” Roland Topor ’s lean 1964 novel: “At what precise moment does an individual cease to be the person he — and everyone else — believes himself to be?” The book depicts the final days of a Parisian Everyman, Trelkovsky, whose identity begins to dissolve into that of his apartment’s former resident, a woman named Simone who took her own life.
GoFundMe has organized a page that catalogs the relief efforts in Northern and Southern California.
It implies that Israel’s Jewish identity trumps its democratic character.
Half a century ago Walter Munk , a renowned oceanographer and geophysicist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, described what we accept today about this mixing: that the wind and tide help.
But he acknowledged that deep disagreements remained between Mr. Trump and the leaders of the other nations, especially on trade.
Unlike AT&T — which paid nearly $50 billion for the satellite TV service DirecTV and is trying to acquire Time Warner for $85.4 billion — Verizon never struck splashy acquisitions, aside from those of Yahoo and AOL (combined purchase price: $9.2 billion).
Robert E. Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, struggled on Thursday to soothe farm-state senators on the Finance Committee who worried about Chinese retaliation against their constituents’ products.
Alarmingly, he turned out to be smart and well read, because of course New York is full of smart, well-read people vying, with their formidable educations and charm, for mates.
The odds are that you at least will keep returning to it.
“The question is, was the mayor contacted as Bill de Blasio the person or Bill de Blasio the mayor?
Now he’s bringing the musical to San Juan , and things are getting complicated.
“I loved the idea of starting this picture with that, because it’s like time travel,” McQueen said.
And when the art is soft or muted, Ms. O’Neill said, a color like “Metropolitan freshens the presentation without upstaging it.” On the other hand, “if you are showcasing bold graphic pieces, a backdrop that provides contrast is preferable,” said Joa Studholme, the color curator for Farrow & Ball.
So this is, as I said, sort of an odd moment for Trump to put a squeeze on government workers.
Ms. Flaten said she could not return to her job as a mechanic, and still has trouble keeping up with her children.
She was on her way to Nepal for a hiking trip, and he was headed to Bali to celebrate his birthday.
You can hear birds chirping, and your kids can ride a bike on the sidewalk without fear of too many buses and cars.” He expects the building will receive a lot of interest from people who already live in the neighborhood and, he said, “want to upgrade to a building with more amenities and services, modern building systems and higher end finishes.” Coincidentally, the project is just one block away from 20 East End Avenue , a new condominium designed by the previous dean of the Yale School of Architecture, Robert A.M. Stern.
“I’m making money doing what I love to do.” The only drawback?
That private key number is then run through two additional transformations, creating a new string: 0x6c2ecd6388c550e8d99ada34a1cd55bedd052ad9 That string is my address on the Ethereum blockchain.
To run, Ms. Bateson, who grew up in Roseville, Calif., took a leave of absence last year from her job as a political-science professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
North Korea is making nuclear fuel and building weapons as actively as ever, the publicly available evidence suggests.
You go, girls.” Instead, we were really considered pariahs.
In a recent telephone interview, Falwell described the surge in online enrollment as a kind of revelation.
Mr. Kuhlman said an Asian customer requested a glass dashboard enclosure to display his finest whisky.
One sign in Chinese reads correctly: “Direct-Current (DC) Pumping Group.” The Spanish does not: “Pressure Group from Washington, D.C.” The communication problems extend downriver.
She is also likely to be asked about her role in the C.I.A.’s rendition, detention and interrogation program after she finished her short stint in Thailand and returned to the agency’s counterterrorism center.
“When I understand that everything happening to me is to make me more Christ-like,” it read, “it resolves a great deal of anxiety.” Ray and Raminta Lapsys, standing on the sidewalk, said they identified strongly with Mr. Phillips.
A baroque blend of gibberish, mysticism and melodrama, the track is a can of earworms, one of those musical confections that get into your head whether you like it or not and stay there forever.
Economic analysts subsequently concluded that the shutdown caused a measurable loss of economic activity in the fourth quarter of 2013.
But white children are about four times as likely to be in Charlottesville’s gifted program, while black students are more than four times as likely to be held back a grade and almost five times as likely to be suspended from school, according to a ProPublica/New York Times examination of newly available district and federal data.
Instead, she lets a Ping-Pong rematch decide their fate.
While there are plenty of foxes in New Jersey, the plover is in a much more precarious position.
But Commerce said it would also impose tariffs of up to 9.81 percent on several Canadian paper companies, including Catalyst, to counter subsidies that those manufacturers receive from the government.
New York Today is a morning roundup that is published weekdays at 6 a.m.
The contentious negotiations over the fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement have veered into one of the world’s most pressing health issues: fighting obesity.
Though never large enough to use for lumber, the tree’s narrow branches were appropriated to fashion objects that needed to be thin and very hard.
También puedes compartir este boletín con tus amigos, familiares, seres queridos y no tan queridos.
Even as she writhed in pain, and an infection caused by the botched procedure spread, Ms. Carvalho insisted to relatives she was just nursing a stomach bug.
Now we are at a place where it is commonly assumed that your perceptions are something that come to you through your group, through your demographic identity.
Seriously!” — Dorothy Ferguson, Seattle.
I think it’s an invasion of privacy.” • Jack Ma , the chief executive of Alibaba, also weighed in : “It is the time to fix it.
“I’ve been making free content for half my life, so to be able to be literally supported by Two Trees and give people glimpses into how I’m able to do what I do has been really nice.” Though she and Two Trees declined to disclose the specific financial terms of the arrangement, Ms. Gevinson said she pays rent and the developer pays her for the promotional partnership.
There have been many moments in American history when it would have been easier to take the less contentious path, to accede to the conservative agenda.
The other characters in this smart, timely and highly entertaining novel all have their own troubles with, for lack of a more specific term, technology.
A week exercising at home taught me that I really prefer to leave the comforts of my apartment.
In yet another sign of Mr. Trump’s carelessness even with his allies, he failed to consult with South Korea, which had helped broker the meeting, before calling it off.
There was more controversy last month over photos of a wreath-laying ceremony Mr. Corbyn attended in Tunisia in 2014 that took place near memorials for people accused of being linked to a terrorist attack at the 1972 Olympic Games.
John Sayles, whom Kusama worked for in the ’90s, says she makes “psychological horror films with sociological impact.” They are distinguished by her willingness to do something rare — not to revel in brutality but to look it in the face.
Oscars are the underdogs , Big Birds the extroverts.
[ New York Times ] • Representative Dan Donovan, the former Staten Island district attorney, is facing a feisty challenge in the general election from the Democratic candidate.
Angry musicians refused to perform for SeaWorld’s parks.
He is starting to recognize himself as the player who reached No.
The way I see it, the wedding is the last episode of the season.
THE STORIED CITY: The Quest for Timbuktu and the Fantastic Mission to Save Its Past , by Charlie English.
There is much room for improvement.
We did it yesterday in rehearsal and it looked really good.
Vanessa Barbara, a contributing opinion writer, is the editor of the literary website A Hortaliça and the author of two novels and two nonfiction books in Portuguese.
it is unbelievable that it could be so right!” By the time it appears in “The Bell Jar,” however, the dress is a symbol of dashed illusions, “a skimpy, imitation silver-lamé bodice stuck on to a big, fat cloud of white tulle.” Ms. Plath’s Girl Scout uniform also speaks volumes.
But one year in, conservative religious leaders are hailing the president’s actions in office.
“I said, ‘Senator, absolutely not.’” she said to HuffPost.
There for releasing stress.” (He meant “you’re” and “they’re” but that’s not the point here.)
From the perspective of the body cameras, the overgrown grass obscured most of Mr. Clark’s body on the ground.
But I think it’s a great idea because I’ve lived for so long that I really have been distinct personalities.
You can buy the entire 2018 set — Newvelle’s third season — now, or sign up to start receiving the 2019 albums, one by one, every two months.
“It’s unprecedented to have so many sustained demands for so many resources over such a short amount of time,” said Jonathan Cox, a battalion chief and spokesman with Cal Fire, the state’s firefighting agency.
Ms. Holmes also assembled a star-studded board of directors , including the former secretaries of state George P. Shultz and Henry A. Kissinger as well as two former United States senators.
This is a tale of patriarchal double standards and sexual disgrace — but the humiliation turned out to be his, not hers.
He faced almost 600 questions , including whether the company should be more heavily regulated, whether it intentionally censors conservative content and how much Russians may have meddled with America’s democratic process through the social network.
But in many ways, it is operating in plain sight.
These I sipped while sitting on the deck, admiring the herbs — and closing the happy summer circle of gardening, eating and cocktail-ing.
Sometimes the crowd grows quarrelsome.
When she would sleep between matinee and evening performances in the cramped space underneath their makeup desks he would join her uninvited.
The statute imposes no geographic limit and allows for expedited removals up to two years after a migrant has entered the country, raising the possibility that the Trump administration may use this power more aggressively.
In the last six years, David Duncan has been on a buying spree.
Where do you feel comedy fits in?
So, they go way back.
In recent days, as institutional Democrats wring their hands, those deliberations have started to give way to furious liberal activists and citizens who have taken matters into their own hands beyond the corridors of power.
will focus on tech and health care companies in his new role as a partner at N.E.A.
Mr. Esparza has morphed from schlub to spellbinder, the kind of guy who could command stadiums with a wave of an outstretched arm.
She also devised a kind of shopping circuit, using display islands that have some of L’Occitane’s primary ingredients as their themes: vervain, rose, almond, cherry blossom and immortelle.
A gunman killed 58 people attending an outdoor concert in Las Vegas last year.
“Cynthia and Jumaane come from different worlds, but they sat down together, learned from one another and built a shared vision for the New York we need,” Bill Lipton, the state director of the Working Families Party, said.
Blackwood was recalled from Binghamton of the American Hockey League on Monday after the starter, Cory Schneider, went on injured reserve with an abdominal strain.
That means banks would mainly make the loans through online and mobile banking applications, and may need to factor in criteria other than traditional credit scores.
Now, even as United States oil production continues to grow, worldwide inventories are declining, increasing the pressure on prices.
“I’m happy for you,” he said with a smirk.
There’s Devastatingly Chic, Smashingly Brilliant and, now, Staggeringly Beautiful ($185 for 50 milliliters), which is a bottle full of figs.
In Britain he stunningly criticized Prime Minister Theresa May’s position on Brexit and even exclaimed that former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson would make “a great prime minister.” The president’s performance abroad shows him at best to be an embarrassing neophyte in international diplomacy and at worst someone who is simply in far over his head.
But his image still did not appear on any Nike advertisements, and his name was not on any apparel, even as his stature as a civil rights figure grew.
But long-term residents who have watched prices surge in their neighborhoods say that they are far from insulated from the changes happening around them.
Still, the overwhelming mood was one of urgent creative independence, a conviction that ran counter to the prevailing commercial mode at the time.
But the first two are bogged down in a war in Yemen, and the first three are locked in a bitter dispute with the fourth, making it unclear how they would work together to fix Syria.
Many other U.S. companies have been downgraded.
Tennessee lawmakers can no longer plausibly deny the white supremacist origins of the Confederate monument movement.
“We signed away everything,” a relative of his said.
Michael Joseph Middleton and Steven Jared Salee were married Nov. 17 at Roosevelt House, the Manhattan home of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, now the Public Policy Institute at Hunter College.
I asked three health policy experts to consider these questions in the context of four specific drug pricing policies.
The detectives tell them about another stranger, named Andrew Cunanan, whose friends in San Francisco have described as reliable, intelligent, generous.
Now, after almost two decades, the nation that showed that kindness is poised to revoke it and force approximately 200,000 Salvadorans to leave the United States, even those whose children are American citizens.
“One million viewers responded with congratulatory telephone calls, telegrams, letters or gifts,” The Times noted in Ms. Ball’s obituary in 1989.
He pointed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer’s and Warner Bros.’ full-bore promotion of the November boxing sequel “Creed II,” with its star, Michael B. Jordan, traveling with the film internationally.
(If he was really so concerned about anti-Semitism, she added, he might want to look at refugees from Syria who were taught in school that the Holocaust never happened.)
Darnold finished 16 of 24 for 170 yards with a 7-yard touchdown to Anderson and an interception in his first start since missing three games with a strained right foot.
My snarky repartee is smoother than ever, but in situations when a more heartfelt connection is required, I find that I’m a little out of my element.
Calgary 2026 and Canada Olympic Committee acknowledged the people had spoken, with the former saying it would wrap up operations in the next few weeks.
In 2014, Boris Johnson, who was mayor at the time, stepped in to broker a deal for an apartment block near the well-known nightclub Ministry of Sound.
And it seems highly relevant to some of the economic “news” coming out of the Trump administration the past few days.
That sounds like achieving some kind of transcendence.
We just accept what we’re told.” Sharon Weeks, who works in a leather goods shop, shrugged when asked about the case.
“Printemps” (“spring”) showed up once in 1955, and “automne” (“autumn”) has yet to make its New York Times Crossword debut.
As a result, almost all European countries now tax diesel at a lower rate than gasoline , making it cheaper at the pump.
She noted that since Ms. Abreu joined Vôlei Bauru, the team has inched up just one place in the Superliga ranking, to eighth.
If I spoke Spanish, I could have told the boys about the country they had arrived and been detained in, a country I’ve lived in for more than 20 years, the country I did not ask to come to but where I have been educated, where I have worked since I was a teenager, where my grandparents and other relatives immigrated with documentation but where I have found myself stranded without a way to “get legal.” This is a country that prides itself as one founded and built by immigrants, but also one whose laws and policies have historically been anti-immigrant.
— The dedication of “Hit So Hard: A Memoir” (Da Capo Press, 2017), by Patty Schemel, who played drums in the rock band Hole.
Rescue workers, police officers and journalists hurried to leave the area, The Associated Press reported.
Both women were famous as teachers and writers, not as brilliant cooks.
For example, the actress Anne Archer at 17A would have been better as a star of ROBIN HOOD because Robin Hood was an archer.
Adding an extra level of disappointment to the defeat was Roethlisberger saying that the opportunity for the game-winning score only arose when Jacksonville’s stellar defense had taken away his plans A, B, C and D on the play.
In recent days, Mr. Garcia said, the mercurial policy shifts by the federal government have left his organization in chaos.
One of main ways that Berkshire has grown over the years is by spending large sums to acquire other companies.
Those Republicans, including members of the Senate Banking Committee, have continued to express concerns about Ms. Liang’s record on financial regulation despite continuing efforts by the White House and by the Fed’s chairman, Jerome H. Powell, to make the case for Mr. Trump’s pick.
Healthy forests that are allowed to burn at a low level periodically, as they did in the distant past, are less prone to extreme wildfires.
Five local comedians run the series, which this week will welcome Comedy Central’s Joe Zimmerman; Kenice Mobley, of “2 Dope Queens” ; Vermont’s Funniest Comedian winner from 2015, Kendall Farrell; and others.
63 in the rankings as a singles player and won two Grand Slam mixed doubles titles.
It’s hard to imagine those same senators would vote to create a bunch of new blue states.
They don’t call, they don’t send email, they don’t demand money from you in Instagram posts.
In the spot, a wide-eyed girl has an emotional, eye-opening interaction with a baby orangutan in her bedroom.
When grown in the right soils, under proper conditions, carricante makes one of Italy’s most compelling white wines, wholly different from any other.
Has Trump spoken with the White House counsel about his ability to pardon himself and his associates?
You don’t need to read a print newspaper to get this; you can create your own news ritual by looking at a news app once a day, or reading morning newsletters like those from Axios , or listening to a daily news podcast.
What do the vests symbolize?
Results in 10 races are outstanding.
Taken individually, some of the Trump administration’s actions may be defensible.
They mark the 24th anniversary commemoration of the Rwandan genocide, which began in April 1994 and lasted 100 days.
“In both Miss Yamauchi’s plays,” David Oyama wrote in The Times , “we feel the iron strength and bitter hardships of many first-generation immigrants and at the same time sense the new life which they and their American-born children are creating.” Ms. Yamauchi’s other plays included “The Memento,” which was staged in 1987 by Yale Repertory Theater after opening the 20th anniversary season of East West Players the year before.
The unions felt the bargaining tactic could set a precedent and give the city an unfair advantage at a time when 90 of 144 union contracts have expired.
He noted that the United States was spending more than $650 million a year in Central America’s Northern Triangle, which is composed of Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.
“The mauve is very royal,” Christo said.
At one point, she filmed a commercial from behind the seat of her car, promising to improve the state’s roads and bridges.
So the club’s first team played the second in that final match.)
On the contrary, it means being ruthlessly and tenderly precise about what happened.
“GrapeRadio,” a pioneer of the genre, has been in business for more than a decade.
Those candidates all lost their bids for the highest office, but it would take Boot a while to get to where he is now — repulsed by the Republican Party’s fealty to President Trump and instructing Americans to “vote against all Republicans.” His surprisingly anguished book is peppered with so many penitential lines (“I am embarrassed and chagrined”) and so much bewildered disappointment in figures like Rubio (“I thought he was a man of principle”) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (“I had viewed him as smart, principled and brave”) that even the most die-hard leftist might be moved to hand Boot a hankie.
Perhaps then partisan competition may return to one of its core concerns: how much the government should intervene in the economy and what the proper size of the safety net is.
At the time, this inflexibility was considered a crucial bulwark against the pressure that would be brought by politically powerful industries, like logging and drilling.
Annie Tselikis, executive director of the Maine Lobster Dealers’ Association, said that Mr. Trump’s policy was having the unintended effect of further helping Canada’s lobster market, which doesn’t face the same duties when selling to China.
This is just the flip side of the “China shock” story: even if you believe that the rapid growth of Chinese exports didn’t cost the U.S. jobs on net, it changed the composition and location of employment, producing a lot of losers along the way.
“I think they’ve got it,” he said.
The answer lies hundreds of miles away.
In October, as scrutiny by the Fed and the Comptroller of the Currency continued, Wells Fargo suspended two top executives , one of whom the company had hailed as a turnaround agent.
Through this combination of unfussy centerpieces and relaxed, snacky sides and condiments, you’ll find yourself spending less time in the kitchen and more time at the table.
His fame peaked with his book “America Is in the Heart” in 1946.
Although I was secretly hoping you’d come up with someone really obscure, like Alphonso Taft .
“One foot on the legal side and the other foot somewhere else.” Stocking his shelves (or, in the case of de Baron, an old wooden drawer under a counter), is technically illegal, if tolerated by the police.
To me, this makes the series more of a sweeping tale of postwar life in this small corner of Italy.
Mr. Giuliani called her “a fine woman” and predicted that “the whole country” would turn on Robert S. Mueller III, the special prosecutor in the Russia investigation, if Mr. Mueller went after Ms. Trump.
The jury in Mr. Percoco’s case seemed skeptical at first, declaring itself to be deadlocked after less than 20 hours of deliberation.
This model has been so effective that Amazon is opening more bookstores and Walmart just announced concept stores that will include food halls, farmers markets, bike rentals and parks — the very things the company siphoned away from American towns.
There is also a private rooftop deck and swimming pool.
This man, much like the real one, is acutely aware of his fragilities.
Those who complain risk getting punished.
On Tuesday, Democratic primary voters across Georgia decisively chose Ms. Abrams .
It retaliated quickly last week after the United States detailed proposed tariffs it wanted to levy on about $50 billion in Chinese-made goods , saying it would match Washington’s efforts dollar for dollar.
So far, five Indian banks have been swindled in the scandal, four of them government-owned, the authorities in New Delhi say.
Rather than slow me down, these layout tweaks have increased my speed from word processing to webpage navigation, all while minimizing repetitive muscle strain for long computer sessions.
But the Republican Party and conservative thinking on independent counsels and special prosecutors have evolved dramatically since the 1980s and ’90s — Justice Brett Kavanaugh, a maximalist on matters of presidential power, has said that he’d “ put the final nail ” in the Morrison precedent.
Getty Sr. loses three of his Sutton Place pawns in this episode: First is Dennis the gardener, Bullimore’s love interest, who leaves overnight, apparently fed up with the place’s cold soul.
Representatives for the Dorchester County Sheriff’s Office were unavailable to comment.
“The assumption that current and future climate conditions will resemble the recent past is no longer valid,” it says.
Mr. Ghavamian’s coming documentary, “The Candy Store,” explores Mr. Alvarez’s reputation as an unlikely Zen character displaced from New York’s urbanity.
Based on its share count from its fiscal second-quarter filing, the company would have a market value of $984 billion Wednesday.
“We have been told it will be soon,” he said.
“We have some very wealthy people, and we have some people who get assistance from the town,” he said.
Two bills have been introduced in El Salvador’s Congress to permit abortion in specific cases, including to save the life of the mother, but they have yet to be considered by a congressional committee.
According to Chris Dyer, head of vehicle performance for the Renault Sport F1 team, simulators have become a valuable tool, one that teams would continue to use if track testing restrictions were lifted.
Our other finalist had virtually no customer service.
They think it may have to do with the waves, sea level changes, runoffs, rainfalls and other environmental factors of shallow water habitats.
More than a third of adults in the United States patronize fast-food restaurants and pizza parlors on any given day .
Mr. Trump and his lawyers have signaled to Mr. Manafort that a future pardon is very likely.
“Ongoing sales were renegotiated,” Ms. Rivas said, “or they fell apart.” She estimated that home prices in the second quarter were at least 10 percent lower, on average, than in the previous quarter.
Australia is part of a larger trend.
Second-wave feminism was ascendant at the time, and “Yentl,” a story about a woman taking control of her own life, reflected the moment.
In 2011, Avery announced his support for gay marriage.
Officials said the intelligence agencies are trying to take care not to limit the White House’s policy options, and just put forward facts about the case.
But government officials played down the extent of Punjab National Bank’s woes and the potential for ripple effects on the sector.
For now, my boys can suspend disbelief and accept that Pippi Longstocking can lift a horse and plays with pistols.
Others, like Sue Ameiss and Patricia Nash of St. Louis, who were attending the neonatology conference, considered it “an honor,” as Ms. Ameiss said, “to be able to come and pay our respects.” And some, like Wyatt Glennon, a seventh grader from Northwest Washington, came because their parents thought they should.
That would put pressure on the company’s main rival in the United States, Lyft, which recently picked JPMorgan Chase to lead its own initial public offering, said two other people briefed on the matter who were not allowed to speak about it publicly.
In a short animated video, the divine title creature commands one Gudea of Lagash to build him a temple; and in the ink and acrylic drawing “The Ritual of the First Brick,” four hands mark out that hypothetical temple’s first corners.
Next to it is an image taken in New Guinea by Irving Penn from his book “Worlds in a Small Room” [1974].
He graduated magna cum laude from Yale and received a law degree from Harvard.
He made the liver bleed more.
“The strongest guy has won this Tour de France,” Froome said.
[ The New York Times ] Ever landed at San Francisco International Airport and realized you’re not quite dressed for a Bay Area summer — or that you don’t blend in with the locals?
If my sister and I laughed, it could make him angry, which would then make him sad.
Amazon could initially move into the older buildings in Crystal City, said Mr. Bradley, who was not directly involved with the bid.
That is easier in some cases than in others.
It also opened to dismal ratings — ranking 146 out of 150 in cable originals within its first week.
Looking at these pictures, you want to know what comes next.
Dr. Grainne Flannelly, the clinical director of the government-run CervicalCheck program, which provides free smear tests to women between 25 and 60, resigned over the weekend.
“Ng exploited a center for international diplomacy as an instrument for his greedy intentions.
Then we added 35 more the next month, and then we added 110 more the next month, and then like the two months after that we were adding 200 or 300 a month.
Long before President Trump began calling CNN “fake news,” Ms. Stahl said he vowed to purchase The Daily News merely so he could fire Ms. Smith, who had written disparagingly about him during his divorce from Ivana Trump.
The intellectual property office rejected Mondelez’s appeal in 2012, but the company fought the decision.
Our democracy is not safe.
The claim, made in documents filed in California Superior Court in San Diego on Monday night, add to charges that Qualcomm leveled last year and escalates a broad legal battle that has been raging between the two technology giants since early 2017.
Mr. Bishop alone has taken $400,000.
The Trump Organization, which agreed not to start any new foreign projects during the presidency, has yet to open a new hotel in the United States since Mr. Trump took office.
Three years and seven submissions later, here we are.
“Many issues underlying it are very similar.” She participates in both programs — she studies No Means No and is helping to bring Flip the Script to Stanford.
I think she was waiting for someone to make her free.
Mr. Sarkozy’s conduct will be restricted as the magistrates do their work — a first for a former president in recent French history.
He and others say Ms. Pelosi’s focus on Dreamers — including her decision to commandeer the House floor for more than eight hours on Wednesday to talk about their plight — was eclipsing the party’s economic message, spelling trouble for centrist Democrats, especially those in red states and districts won by Mr. Trump.
Here near the borders of Brazil and Paraguay, harpsichords and lutes can be found in the smallest villages.
“If you wouldn’t actively stump for Republican candidates, there’s no reason you would take a ballot line whereby people voting for you vote for them.” The party’s connection with Mr. Cuomo wasn’t limited to an endorsement and a place on the ballot; the Independence Party also held a December fund-raiser with an appearance by the governor.
It’s a hypnotic style, dryly funny, or at least aware of the ways in which its fussiness might be amusing.
Efforts to reach Mr. Hogan on Friday night were unsuccessful.
“We have had these issues before.
There is no question that the millions of people who have crossed into the United States illegally, largely in the 1990s, represent a problem that demands a comprehensive solution.
He stayed with his grandmother, who cooked for him and doted on him but avoided asking questions, almost as if she did not want to know.
While the Snapchat post was not cited as a reason for Ms. Roof’s arrest, Susan Childs, the principal of A.C. Flora High School, said in a letter to parents on Wednesday that several events on campus had caused concern.
But it’s been mired by charges of corruption, embezzlement and fraud.
As he readied his players to face Manchester City in the last 16 of the Champions League last week, F.C.
It was a major luxury purchase, and I will never, ever get rid of it.
My greatest desire is to own the entire “Schomburg Library of Nineteenth-Century Black Women Writers.” Forty dainty hardcovers.
Here are today’s Olympics results .
Readers also shared their own definitions of a complete meal.
It was not a particularly talented team, but there are many worse playing in Russia.
“It’s like when we have a law enforcement problem, we call our feds to beef it up and help our local police,” Mr. Schumer said at a news conference on Sunday.
“One mark of the movie’s status as a masterpiece is that it has something different to say to us every time we encounter it anew,” he writes.
To the Editor: Re “ Free-Speech Experts Argue Against Infowars Founder ” (news article, Aug. 8): The debate over whether Alex Jones should have been removed from Facebook, Apple and other platforms seems almost quaint and academic when one looks closely at his long history of spreading outright lies and appeals to bigotry.
Amazon, too, has reached out to Mr. Van Bramer and Mr. Gianaris to set up a meeting.
“There’s a perception out there that conservative lawyers have essentially sold their souls for judges and regulatory reform,” Mr. Conway said.
The notes are not difficult to hit, but it takes extreme control to achieve the magisterial quality of Mr. Levit’s recording.
In a 1992 article in Spy magazine , the comedian Harry Shearer said he saw a cut in 1979.
The unnamed national intelligence officer for Latin America was revealed to be Fulton Armstrong, who in an interview last week said that Mr. Bolton had targeted him for “vicious attacks,” “rumor campaigns” and “infantile” character assassination.
But the loss of Cano, a steady run producer for many years, cuts much deeper for his team, the Seattle Mariners.
Another one of the victims’ lawyers, Tomás Ojea Quintana, told Reuters that a lawsuit against the automaker may be filed in a federal court in the United States.
But many critics, while commending India’s national government for a quick response to the disaster in the state of Kerala, worry that it has not committed nearly enough money to help Kerala rebuild.
#IranProtests These are the largest popular protests since the Iranian uprising in 2009 against a fraudulent election.
And farther down the road is the tantalizing possibility that cars in motion will be charged “dynamically,” on the street, by the street.
It is equipping and training an elite anti-gang unit of Salvadoran police and building new prosecutors’ offices.
( NYT ) • China now has nine of the world’s biggest internet companies, according to the venture capitalist Mary Meeker.
He tried to study and break down and codify and organize the dynamics of group relationships.
“I appreciate the opportunity to listen to their concerns and offer our sincere apologies on behalf of Nordstrom,” Mr. Thomas said in a statement after the meeting.
They are not, for example, part of the same continuum really as the sales by celebrities like Liza Minnelli and Jane Fonda , which have also become something of a thing but which relate more to Hollywood mythology than fashion (or, say, the recent Russell Crowe divorce auction , which was mostly about the value of his own celebrity, and buying a piece of it).
It is the result of take-it-or-leave-it labor contracts harking back to the type called “yellow dog,” and of the readiness of this Court to enforce those unbargained-for agreements.
“I explained that I was a fan of pursuing leaks aggressively but that going after reporters was tricky, for legal reasons and because D.O.J.
Speaking of animals, one of our most popular pieces today is an Op-Ed that reflects on the pain that comes with loving old dogs .
Researchers believe, without quite knowing why, that the syndrome might result from a disruption to the embryonic blood flow around the 46th day of gestational development.
Fabiola had read about Justice Sotomayor in a book series on powerful women.
Couples need to resolve their own feelings about who balances parenting and career goals, and in what manner.
What they’re about, I think, if anything, is that magical something of sex, art, femininity, or even good advertising that no analysis can ever quite capture.
The foster family can’t grow enough yams for an extra mouth.
Many residents, who had been renting from various landlords, will receive $1,500 to help them move.
To gain more seats, Asian-Americans must build cross-racial, intra-racial and cross-class solidarities with other groups.
Due to a pattern of entries and clues I embedded in the grid, my identity would be compromised when the government would realize that I knew too much.
We’re all ashamed of something.
There’s a great range of high-end and dirt-cheap, but the dirt-cheap is actually better: White Bear, New Curry Leaves, Shiny Tea, New World Mall food court.
Find many more ways to use our Picture Prompt feature in this lesson plan .
Despite the scandal and the headlines it generated, Mr. Kim was elected governor of South Gyeongsang Province in southeastern South Korea in June.
He looked so aggressive — nothing like the harmless childhood fantasies of lassie types, slender and golden with bushy tails and playful demeanors.
A positive drug test delayed his big rematch with Gennady Golovkin; then Álvarez won the rescheduled bout by a majority decision.
Here are a few more.
Wilmar was already a powerhouse in 2007, with operations in 23 countries on four continents, employing more than 60,000 people.
292 comes with 4,200 square feet.
In California, they helped defeat the affirmative action measure, known as S.C.A.
Uber has not been testing its self-driving cars long enough in California to be required to release its disengagement numbers.
Yet such a lie is part of our moral undoing.
Yelich was eager to go.
or Bernie Sanders’s group, are doing all that well,” said Alan Abramowitz, a political scientist at Emory University who specializes in partisan polarization.
Judge Robert D. Mariani denied the request.
I had never seen a diagnosis of depression on any of her problem lists.
One short putt rimmed out, and another deflected out of the back of the cup in a double bogey on No.
Public-sector banks have turned away from small and marginal farmers since the late 1990s, forcing them to borrow from lenders who charge upward of 60 percent annual interest.
Though Mr. Felder said he did not represent Ms. Nicolai in recent legal proceedings, he believed she had unrealistic expectations about her divorce and custody options.
“It’s very quirky,” said Jerry H. Goldfeder, an election lawyer and an adjunct professor at Fordham University School of Law.
And many voters are funneling fear and anger into activism — including during nationwide marches on Saturday protesting the treatment of migrants, above — raising questions about how far left the party’s politics will drift.
“We are well aware of how impactful fake news can be,” Mr. Groh said.
Thus, if cow = cows, that is entirely ok. *Humane treatment of the cow(s) is of the essence.
Songs like “Suck the Blood From My Wound” (where Mr. Furman rhymes “Pasadena” with “deus ex machina”) use distinctly Springsteen-esque tropes — forbidden lovers, cars speeding toward state lines — to tell a story about life outside restrictive social binaries.
The Times report also showed how Mr. Trump and his family took part in fraudulent schemes, such as how Mr. Trump and his siblings set up fake corporations to disguise millions of dollars’ worth of gifts from their parents, in order to evade taxes.
China is looking to resolve the trade war before it further damages the country’s slowing economy.
Defense Department officials said they expected most of the troop cuts and scaled-back missions to come from Central and West Africa, where Special Operations missions have focused on training African militaries to combat the growing threat from extremist Islamist militant groups.
Mr. Kim’s government has introduced market-oriented reforms , allowing more autonomy for farms and factories and tolerating growing market activities that have improved food supplies for the people.
She issued a corrective in the form of her first cookbook, “Lebanese Cuisine,” published in 1994.
“He helps us stay on top of things,” Chrisse said.
The problem is, TV shows are a hits business, where one is never enough, so the creators will have to evolve their success into other shows over time.
Activities also include digging for volcanic rock and abalone, conch and other seashells at a table of black sand that’s reminiscent of beaches on Maui.
The state flower has long been the rose .
Ron, whom Keith calls Ronnie, never Ron, was a starting pitcher for the last Mets team to win the World Series, in 1986.
Before Tuesday’s 13-inning, 4-3 Yankees win, Hicks went out of his way to find Engel and compliment him for his efforts.
Monuments and historical museums are always mirrors, advertisements, time bombs.
The cause was complications of a stroke she suffered in December, her daughter Cynthia Chennault said.
You can still find my Dad by the fire after dinner with the crossword folded into quarters on his lap.
He launched into one of his long runs, but was stripped before the offense could rev into gear.
Gift-giving to physicians is a relatively common practice, albeit a controversial one.
And now that the spending bill has been adopted, Democrats in the House may have lost whatever leverage they had to demand protections for the Dreamers.
Wimbledon runs on nostalgia, and it has been a year brimming with anniversaries.
“But I just think it could be playing with fire.” During the dinner, Mr. Trump stoked the themes of cultural division that he has made his trademarks.
Other luggage brands are also trying to entice a new generation of wired travelers.
There’s really only one way to find out.
Will it hit the same cultural nerve in the United States?
As they’re getting into their seats, they’re being clubbed from behind.
Everyone in the group gets along with each other, and with everybody else.
“We never had to wake him up in the morning,” Barone’s mother, Beba, said.
“Believe it or not, I’ve really had to be kind of careful,” she told supporters here.
Colombia, the prematch favorite, which just used its attacking might to equalize?
He did a keg stand with it in Georgetown, threw out the first pitch at a Nationals game and posed for pictures with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump.
On the sidewalk outside Mr. Dishotsky's construction zone that morning, there were used needles and several tents.
“For my family, it was definitely important that we had a Sikh ceremony, but I couldn’t imagine saying, ‘This is how we’re going to get married’ without considering what’s important to Greg,” she said.
Many early apartments were abandoned, but a few of the better finds were passed along.
His desire to fortify the mental side of his performance has helped foster a special relationship with a prominent sports psychologist, Michael Gervais, who has worked for the Seattle Seahawks for eight seasons and is known for his attention to mindfulness and for bringing an athlete’s deepest fears to the surface.
She is a former investment banker.
She immediately taped and began airing a commercial in which she directly addresses the camera and notes she voted for Justice Neil M. Gorsuch, adding that “there are many conservative judges who can fill this job without tearing our country apart.” Her choice was “a lose-lose proposition,” said the state attorney general, Wayne Stenehjem, a Republican, noting that she would have deflated her base had she supported Justice Kavanaugh but that a majority of voters here clearly supported his confirmation.
“There are big spaces, like TriBeCa and SoHo in the old days,” Mr. Scully said.
They too are part of his racism.
I even wear it as a badge of pride: Looking “younger than my age” has become both a recurring joke among my family and friends, and a significant part of my identity.
He’s right, of course, but for a different though probably just as comical reason: These plays are nuts!
Netflix, which acquired the series at an early stage in production, is releasing it Wednesday in 190 countries.
From 2002-03 she danced with Pennsylvania Ballet II in Philadelphia and toured as a member of the corps de ballet in 2001 with the Suzanne Farrell Ballet, housed at the Kennedy Center in Washington.
But such integration of the sound system into a car’s interior does present some complications.
The latest newsletter appears here.
Mr. Ryan departed in many ways as he arrived, calling for sweeping initiatives he has long championed but been unable or unwilling to tackle, including a broad anti-poverty initiative, a revamp of entitlement programs, and an immigration compromise that couples border security with legalization for millions of undocumented people living in the United States.
At first, the new tree seemed to have its share of troubles, too.
As the Dallas pastor and Trump supporter Robert Jeffress said last spring referring to the evangelical vote , “They weren’t voting for an altar boy.” During the 2016 election, social media was a new factor driving the news cycle like never before, while the cable news networks continued to hasten how quickly we moved on from stories.
But the 25th Amendment would allow Mr. Trump to immediately send a written declaration of his own to Mr. Hatch and Mr. Ryan saying that he is in fact able to perform his duties.
Wes Bush will step down as Northrop Grumman’s chairman and C.E.O.
Over the weekend, he walked through the still-unfinished exhibition, stopping in front of displays that triggered recollections of the whirlwind era: “There are a flood of memories.” While much of the show focuses on New York, it begins with the troubled childhoods of its founding members Reed, who grew up in Long Island, and Cale, who spent his early years in Wales.
“He is different from anyone I’ve ever had,” Army Coach Jeff Monken said.
There is complex web of unsolved social issues and utterly pessimistic views of the world that has created a thick cloud over our generation.
Parents may be so focused on getting the disabled child the necessary attention and help, she said, that they may not stay as involved in the academic, music or sports activities of the sibling.
Ultimately Pentagon leaders must hold every department under them — including the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps — accountable for their financial failings.
Popular tourist spots along the southern and eastern coasts, like Casa de Campo and Punta Cana, have seen more growth than those on the northern coast, where there are fewer international flights and tourist attractions, real estate agents said.
Mr. Schroepfer can expect to hear about the frustration of committee members who have wanted Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, to testify rather than lower-ranking executives.
The rich wine was elegant rather than powerful, very much of a piece with the ’61 and ’82.
Spain wins the coin toss, and captain Sergio Ramos elects for Spain to shoot first.
“Our generation still has an important mission, and that’s that Israeli society and democracy can have a real future,” said Stav Shaffir of the Labor Party, who in 2013, at age 27, became the youngest woman elected to the Knesset.
Explainer: We examine some of the possible replacements if Mrs. May loses tonight’s vote.
“I don’t feel a major obligation to keep Nancy’s behavior like that of a real elementary schooler.
“With all my respect, of course, for Prokofiev, I can’t understand his logic.” But Mr. Morrison argues that Prokofiev’s suites, while unusual, do capture a happier time: that halcyon summer in Polenovo, “a gorgeous moment when he was going to get his ballet staged, he was going to be number one, and he could serve his muse as he wanted.” “It’s still in the notes,” he added.
But swimsuits have for at least as long defined the pageant — and been at the heart of the debate over its place in American culture.
None of this happens on command.
Within months of arriving in Vienna last year, the parents and their teenage daughter were approved.
“We didn’t want tourists to Paris to feel like they weren’t getting an authentic perspective of the city because they didn’t know French,” Mr. Forlani said.
Word leaked, embarrassing the convention, and a new version of the resolution was reintroduced and overwhelmingly passed, albeit with some language changed and with an added tally of the Southern Baptists’ past efforts against racism.
We visited the animatronic ape leading up to the show’s premiere .
Hoppert: The second-place Arkansas Derby finisher qualified for the Derby but sat out in anticipation of the Preakness.
Ms. Moscovitch’s own son is one of the great-greats.
At a national security conference in Aspen, Colo., this week, the F.B.I.
Crucially, if the actress is sued and loses, she will be personally responsible for the damages.
The charges led to a dispute among the academy’s members over whether to oust Ms. Frostenson, and that, in turn, led to a series of resignations and public protests.
Forty years later, Jason Zinoman rectified that, writing in our first proper review of the John Carpenter film, “The precision and timing of the movie’s chilling chase scenes reveal an artist who understands that truly resonant scariness could not be dumb.” Read the review.
And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com .
But big reductions of greenhouse gases can make a difference — the difference, say, between four concurrent disasters in New York someday if we continue with business as usual, and just one at a time if we change course.
As of 2013, the researchers concluded, there were 361,919 weaned gorillas and 128,760 weaned chimpanzees in the region.
2D: I like these clues-that-don’t-sound-like-crossword-clues.
Her mother retired as an executive assistant at Altrinsic Global Advisors, an asset management company in Greenwich, Conn.
Most everything he showed featured zipped pockets, transforming a piece of clothing into something more akin to a suit fit for a nomadic post-apocalyptic existence, an outfit for a world in which not only the idea of nation had become irrelevant, but that of home as well.
Meanwhile, a United Nations panel convening in Geneva expressed alarm over reports that China has detained a million or more ethnic Uighurs in the western region of Xinjiang and forced as many as two million to submit to re-education and indoctrination.
If you can swing it, and if you feel as I do about the holiday, I encourage you to let yourself off the hook this way some day.
He flew down to Washington to make his case in person — again.
The ruthless (and illegal) pummeling of cities that dissent from Trump’s immigration policy is perhaps the most prominent example of what such jackboot anti-federalism looks like.
The antigovernment Patriot movement gained 300 new groups over the same time period, a jump of over 60 percent.
“You picture the person with a different demographic, and would I still be asking this way?” Another exercise encourages officers to recognize biased behavior in others — and to be on guard for profiling by proxy.
She is a daughter of Vivian Spencer Fleuette of Providence, R.I., and F. Gregory Ahern of New York.
“That’s putting pretty high expectations on them, but it is something we’ve discussed, certainly internally but also publicly,” General Manager David Forst said.
It’s time for the Palestinian Authority and Hamas to stop using the people of Gaza as pawns.
He looks a bit tired, even a bit sad and lost in thought.
Just five years ago, very few companies were actively producing their own renewable powers, Mr. Wetstone said.
The Meltdown flaw affects virtually every Intel microprocessor, which are used in more than 90 percent of computer servers.
You can sign up here to get our Morning Briefings by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning, or to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.
Tym Buacharern, a makeup artist who has worked on “Black Panther,” “Dreamgirls” and the “Hunger Games” series, criticizes beauty schools for not doing enough.
Writing for the majority in the 5-3 decision, Justice Stephen G. Breyer said the Texas law, which required doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital, placed “a substantial obstacle” in the path of women seeking abortions and amounted to an “undue burden on abortion access” in violation of the Constitution.
With the House out of session on Wednesday and Thursday, senators were left to parse the meaning of the president’s remarks.
The oral care nailed it.
Foster had been tapped as an emergency goalie from time to time, which meant showing up at Blackhawks home games and usually sitting in the press box and eating free food.
However, there were no declines in pneumonia and infections with C. difficile, a germ that can cause severe gastrointestinal disease.
Between the first and second building — a total of 310 apartments — at Essex Crossing, 14 families with ties to the neighborhood dating to 1967 will be moving back.
—The latest New York Times Critics’ Pick is “Old Stock: A Refugee Love Story,” a tale that take place in Halifax in 1908.
“The truth is that Levine did not commit any acts of sexual misconduct against any individuals, much less the unnamed individuals referred to,” his lawyers wrote.
Instead, he fell in love with the sprawling camp, opened in the 1920s as Camp Milford, a getaway for adults that later converted to a children’s camp attended mostly by teenagers from Long Island until it closed in 1982.
Since legal recognition is so young, couples don’t have anything but straight examples to work from when planning a wedding.
Tonight’s lineup: Denizé Lauture, Katy Lederer, Raquel Salas Rivera and Chen Chen.
This singer and bassist has been a fixture in the space between R&B, jazz and funk since the early 1990s.
“And all the sudden he comes in and throws 100 miles-per-hour fastballs.” Mr. Roe said that Mr. Trump “has to find a place to live, and he has to find a place he’d enjoy, because he has to run for office.” Mr. Trump says he is asked questions about his own future “every day,” but if there’s a specific office he would be drawn to, he didn’t say.
Given the inflated prices of certain silver plans, buying the same metal plan outside the exchange could save you roughly 10 percent on average, according to Cynthia Cox , a health insurance policy expert at the Kaiser Family Foundation.
But at 44, he is one of the youngest leadership candidates and seen as unencumbered by the baggage of past party infighting.
Lieutenant Williston said the police were reviewing employee records to determine whether the gunman was also a hospital employee.
Mr. Budhu, 34, graduated from St. John’s University and received his law degree from Hofstra.
“It is routine for Border Force to search aircraft to protect the U.K. from organized crime and from those who attempt to bring harmful substances like drugs or firearms into the country,” Mr. Wallace said.
They’re too tied up trying to get things accomplished here.’ ” The logic was hard to fault.
“New York is unique because with the legislation, it added the infrastructure.” New York State budgeted $24.7 million for Kendra’s Law last year, Senator Young said, adding that the program could use more financial support.
I can imagine how Arthur Miller would feel about it all.
and Rep.) 40 Leaning independent (combined Dem.
But by upholding the travel ban, Justice Sotomayor said, the court “merely replaces one gravely wrong decision with another.” The court’s travel ban decision provides new political ammunition for the president and members of his party as they prepare to face the voters in the fall.
Well, Mr. President, we’ll have to chat about that,” she said.
Here is a look at some ways Donald Trump Jr. may be in legal jeopardy.
The god Thoth was depicted as having the head of an ibis and the birds were also used in hieroglyphic writing.
You can’t have ‘my bads.’ Because they’re going to make you pay.” Golden State had an additional benefit in the return of Iguodala, their veteran forward.
Well, he thought it was.
The brass didn’t mention what he saw: that most Afghans in the valley were not interested in getting along, that Afghanistan’s Army survived only under American protection and that units like his spent most of their time just trying to stay supplied and alive.
Nadim and Tanya Ednan-Laperouse, the girl’s parents, said in a statement that they welcomed the company’s decision and hoped it would quickly lead to better labeling at the chain.
Serbia isn’t used to parking eight men behind the goal and defending, while Costa Rica isn’t used to controlling the ball and stringing together passes through the middle.
The man worried — despite reassurance from Green — that vigorous exercise might undo the good accomplished in the operating room.
But car connoisseurs looking to trade up have now lost a valuable tax benefit, and the top end of the market may be feeling a pinch as a result.
“What we thought was normal or average isn’t normal anymore,” he said.
“We see this not just as a project but as the beginning of an industry,” Lars Thaaning Pedersen, the chief executive of Vineyard Wind, which was awarded the Massachusetts contract, said in an interview.
Mr. Garcia (left), 42, is the mayor of Long Beach.
A full-season suspension, she added, would have made clear that the university took the allegations seriously.
Rosenblatt argues that in the 20th century, an Anglo-American conception of liberalism, which emphasizes the protection of individual rights, pushed aside earlier French and German versions that aimed to temper individualism by stressing moral duties and state-building.
“If this family turned out to be terrorists,” he said, “then anyone could be a terrorist.” Mr. Oepriarto’s radicalization seems to have occurred when he was at one of Surabaya’s best public high schools and joined an outside Quranic recitation group that preached extremist ideology.
“We cover hard topics all the time, but gun violence is the worst because honestly, I never thought anything would change,” Bee said.
A 2017 report in The New Zealand Herald said that the country had “the worst rate of family and intimate-partner violence in the world,” estimating that 525,000 New Zealanders were harmed every year.
(Another option: Start marinating on Sunday night and grill or broil on Monday.)
A few weeks after his briefing, Mr. Comey was called to the White House for a private dinner.
A poised Quakers team took it to the top-seeded Jayhawks early, looking like a team that truly believed it had a chance to pull off the unthinkable: a No.
Within a few hours of arriving in Vegas, I found myself seated at the front of a conference room with Chris Hadnagy, a pioneer in the field of social engineering — a branch of hacking that involves manipulating people (instead of just computer systems) to gain access to information.
Nevertheless he has stayed the course, making music that’s brash, captivating and unconventional for fans who are still so enthusiastic that they’re busting through the floors at clubs .
Mitchell’s nephew, Spencer Melton, 69, of Miami, said in a telephone interview that he did not know much about his aunt.
866-811-4111, primarystages.org ‘THE LUCKY ONES’ at the Connelly Theater (in previews; opens on March 31).
The Democratic memo was drawn from the same underlying documents as the Republican one.
But his trip generated strong feelings that were on display in his wake as he visited San Diego before heading to Los Angeles for a fund-raiser.
They’re stopping to pick something up.” Fewer individual trips may be contributing to fewer miles driven.
We started by talking about how much I live in my head and how difficult it is for me to be tender and vulnerable and simply exist in my body.
The Lynchburg Christian Academy, in Virginia, was one of many so-called seg academies created throughout the South to circumvent desegregation.
She introduces us to a world of dystopian “intrabody conflict.” (Ehrenreich has a Ph.D. in cellular immunology.)
También puedes compartir este boletín con tus amigos, familiares, seres queridos y no tan queridos.
His struggle, doubt, grit, immigrant story, artistic dreams — all were told in Volume 1 of Zachary Leader’s biography, “To Fame and Fortune.” Here in Volume 2, “Love and Strife ,” the novel “Herzog” is published on the very first page and reaches “No.
Black Kids Don’t Want to Read About Harriet Tubman All the Time This Opinion essay writer says, “They need to see themselves reflected in stories that celebrate everyday beauty.” College Republicans Propose an Unusual Idea From the Right: A Carbon Tax GOP strategists said the budding movement reflected a broader shift on social issues that, if it spread, could split the party along generational lines.
Ms. Olds tried expressing in the bathroom, but she said she could barely produce milk because of the stench and the prison guards constantly rapping at the door.
“He knows I love rose gold, and he had asked me if it was important that I have a diamond or if it could have a gem stone,” Ms. Tisdel said.
“Trump isn’t someone who played close to the line a time or two, or once did a shady deal.
But just because you submit, doesn’t mean you are in.
Mainly, he added, it boiled down to shooting.
The only time at my school that i get to express my experiences and ideas are in my AP classes, in my AP classes i feel as though the teachers care more and they don’t just ask questions with one answer, i feel like those teachers are genuinely trying to help me learn, understand and voice my opinions not just get their paycheck, and leave.
Crucial to this season, it seems, will be the question: What are the limits of mercy?
Travel Further.” — at 11 United States airports including Newark Liberty International Airport , Nashville International Airport and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport .
“I do not believe the U.K. and the E.U.
At the same time, the budget proposed to end cash subsidies for millions of citizens, increase fuel prices and privatize public schools.
For example, I walked to the Wenshu Monastery, a gorgeous and peaceful (and free) place to visit and learn about Chinese Buddhism.
The Mets do not need a fifth starter until April 4, the sixth game of the season, which could potentially buy them enough time to have Vargas ready to go.
The situation is profoundly depressing.
The “peace process,” unable to resolve the refugee issue, has become an infernal, corrupted mechanism incubating victimhood and masking myriad abuses.
“There’s been days throughout my last four years when I had a bad game, a down game,” the Loyola senior Donte Ingram said.
(According to inconsistently enforced rules and with the help of a large, invisible contract labor force.)
But pain has changed Woods.
The source of the rumors is unclear.
According to Noriyuki Fuku, a researcher at Juntendo University in Chiba, Japan, who has studied Kawauchi’s DNA, the potential benefits to Kawauchi’s version of the gene could limit muscle damage during training, enhance recovery, reduce the risk of injury and increase muscle stiffness in his legs, giving him a springiness that could enhance his running efficiency.
When I recognize this pattern, it’s time for me to plan a break.
[Arabic] Yazidi Girl: [Arabic] Hawk: “How are you?” she says.
Harris Tweed is arguably the most famous export of the Outer Hebrides, and though the handwoven cloth is named after the Isle of Harris, the only three working Harris Tweed mills in the world are on the adjoining Isle of Lewis.
“Their concern is that this facility is going to be a blight on the community.” Ms. Ayala said she believes the project gives residents a chance to push the city to make investments in an area it has long neglected.
If you actually try to read them, as I tried to, when you press “done” you may be kicked back to the home screen.
Extensive research demonstrates that it was woven by a nun or nuns.
Boone had a memorable introduction to the postseason as a player.
“What becomes clear about Ye Jianming is that he is an incredibly adept navigator of politics.
“We are proud to host something like this.” Given that just two weeks ago the summit meeting had been canceled, Mr. Peck said, the prospects for the meeting had already “come a long way.” He added, “At least they are here and at least they get to shake hands.
In a statement released Wednesday evening, the Commerce Department said it had begun an investigation “following a conversation” with Mr. Trump.
At the White House, John R. Bolton, the administration’s third national security adviser in a little over a year, is presiding over another purge of top assistants .
The South’s fascination with North Korea’s cheerleaders is an extension of its attitude toward North Korean women in general: It views them as exotic, enigmatic, charming in their naïveté.
“He was invincible to me,” said Ken Reilly, who fought fires alongside Mr. Davidson.
His grandfather, who was blind, was a tuner there.
On Sunday an Egyptian cobra bit the Turkish illusionist Aref Ghafouri, who bills himself as the “world’s most extreme magician,” as he prepared for a show in the resort city of Antalya, Turkey.
The couple’s first date was in 2014 at Bell Book and Candle, a restaurant in New York.
The Jets scored their lone touchdown after a fourth-quarter fumble by Yeldon, with Darnold completing a 2-yard pass to Jordan Leggett.
Or, alternatively, permit coaching from the players box.
Archipelago Books Domenico Starnone, “Trick” Translated by Jhumpa Lahiri.
“These big, bold, immersive installations are ones that have a sense of wonderment about them and that notion of spectacle, that sense of being overwhelmed by the work, is very conducive to a social media presence,” said Edward Saywell, chief of exhibitions strategy and gallery displays at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
“But there was one catch that I learned the hard way.
She was elected to the City Council with more than 46,000 votes, a remarkable showing for a fresh face on a ballot.
While at one point he was cognizant of his decline, at the end, he lived only in his memories.
It was Hewitt, age 12, with his hat on backward.
“I was a young hothead, but now I understand the value of life,” Offset tells Joe Coscarelli in this wide-ranging interview .
Legal experts said public attention has become a weapon wielded by lawyers on both sides, with potential risks to each.
Two of the lawyers Mr. Weinstein retained after being brought in for questioning about his encounters with Ms. Battilana had personal and financial ties to Mr. Vance: Elkan Abramowitz was a former law partner of Mr. Vance and a donor to his campaign, and Daniel S. Connolly was a former prosecutor turned white-collar defense lawyer.
It is fitting: The federation is on the defensive.
A spokeswoman for the nurses’ union, Cee Payne, said New Zealand’s public hospitals had been severely underfunded for the past decade, with the government not accounting for growing community demand and an aging population.
For them, having to travel for a relationship is actually a plus.
It looked like a staging for an avant-garde version of Federico García Lorca’s “Bodas de Sangre.” It looked — if looks could sing — as if “White Christmas” were being performed by Ozzy Osbourne just as he bit the head off a bat.
But we know our credibility is on the line.
To reporters and colleagues, Graham has reasoned that he’s positioning himself to push his own agenda and exert a positive sway.
Prineville counts 400 permanent jobs in the data centers, influencing its small-town culture, filling the municipal treasury and transforming its sagebrush and juniper landscape.
All around them, floodwaters swirled.
It was so short I wanted to cry.
Big cities and their distinctive interests are suffering a density penalty and need more visibility in our scheme of representation.
Their budget was $4,500 or less — more than enough for a one-bedroom, but not quite enough for a two-bedroom.
But as part of her overhaul, Ms. Techamuanvivit wanted to make all the pastes from scratch.
“So I feel like all of those are stressful innings.
But public companies are required to give shareholders a timely and relatively detailed assessment of any significant forces affecting their financial results.
Sneaking into Gennadi’s apartment, she was surprised by Sofia’s presence, and tried to sneak back out.
We have no speed limit.
Do you have any ideas for how the camps could be made safer, more stable or more organized?
I first met Foster on a pitch-black evening in November 2016, a week after the presidential election, in the community room of a progressive church in Hood River, Ore. Foster and the four others accused of pipeline sabotage, all of whom had been released on bail, had been dubbed the Valve Turners, and this was their first public appearance since their coordinated action.
You know, this apartment has always had a great vibe to it.
The 41st president was remembered as a “kinder and gentler” leader during a funeral service in Washington on Wednesday attended by more than 3,000 mourners, including President Trump and all four living former presidents.
Meanwhile, an hour’s drive south, in Valencia, thousands of people had lined the streets outside Levante’s stadium to await the arrival of Real Madrid.
But these successes have come despite — not because of — the president’s leadership style, which is impetuous, adversarial, petty and ineffective.
The number of rape cases reported by the University of Minnesota to federal regulators in 2016 — 0.39 incidents per 1,000 students — is in line with four-year public schools of comparable size, according to an analysis of data from the Department of Education.
Professor Allsop, who supports a model like that of Portugal’s, says the push to see drugs as a public health issue seems to be gaining momentum over the long term.
“There was one in wood, the other in bronze, both utterly unlike what I take to be my ‘line,’ but exquisite things,” Cunard said, according to the Christie’s catalog.
866-811-4111, primarystages.org FORCED ENTERTAINMENT at the N.Y.U.
Yeats might have been speaking for them all when he wrote, with a touching defensiveness: The friends that have it I do wrong When ever I remake a song, Should know what issue is at stake: It is myself that I remake.
The bride’s mother, who is retired, was a superior court judge with chambers in Newark.
Largely absent is the artist-entrepreneur who is taken as a prophet of our market-addled present.
It’s this really deep, profound passion, and when he lets it out, I’ve been reduced to tears in practice sometimes because, oh my God, I get blown away.
A woman who struck and killed two young children with her car in Brooklyn selfishly insisted on driving despite repeated warnings from doctors that it would be unsafe for her to get behind the wheel, a prosecutor said on Thursday.
If you’re interested, I have this little puppy, the only one in the litter, and her mother’s name is Funny Girl.” It felt like fate, as if it was meant to be.
“I don’t think Sweeney is a racist nor do I think Murphy called him a racist.” Some of the tension between Mr. Murphy and Mr. Sweeney can be traced to the role played in last year’s election by the New Jersey Education Association, one of the state’s most powerful unions.
Like Ms. Zaytseva, Mr. Balber said he could not explain why his clients’ samples appeared to be tainted.
“Really, for the first half of my career, there were a lot of anglers that had other jobs and did other things,” he said.
“People ask, ‘Why do you cost so much?’” Mr. Nowacoski says.
Maybe with his sixth sense for great stories, he somehow knew he was about to become one of the most scorching stories in Hollywood history, with an ending echoing that all-time classic of female empowerment and great shoes, “The Wizard of Oz.” As with the Wicked Witch of the West, all Weinstein’s power and malevolence would go up in smoke when an ill-used woman (or in his case, 84) finally fought back.
— Rylee, Philadelphia There’s more to life than grades I am not a straight A student, and never have been.
Ms. Watkins and Mr. Wolfe, 57, had an extended personal relationship that ended last year.
His textbook one-handed backhand is still much in evidence (he even tweets about teaching others how to hit it), but the victories are fewer and further between.
It’s the dispute of the ill-fitting suits!
Eleven children were killed on the spot.
In Denmark, people ages 16 to 24 are more lonely than are people in their grandparents’s generation, a national survey of 180,000 people conducted this year by the Danish Health Authority showed.
He was often seen riding around Manhattan on his bicycle, clad in his blue workman’s jacket and khaki pants, his camera hanging at the ready around his neck.
Ignoring the genuine “red lines” of your negotiation counterpart is often a costly mistake.
Do you fear for the safety of your community?
“We had a good idea that it would probably do well in the sports space, but everything else was a pleasant surprise,” said Gizzle, who wrote the song with Mike Sabath.
The question has to be, Where are the parents?
Ms. Kocher declined to comment.
“I don’t think there is anybody who is coming in and feeling like we are condescending to them,” said Erik Gullberg, a bartender and server who has worked at Hearth for four years.
If Senator Elizabeth Warren thought that releasing her DNA test results showing Native American ancestry would neutralize a Republican line of attack, she was wrong.
The cause was heart failure, his son David said.
board took such a risk.” Haggerty also wants a more solid financial base for the I.T.F., which has become the weakest pillar among the sport’s bloated network of governing bodies.
Last year, her daughter Ella spearheaded an online campaign to publish a limited-edition book based on Murtha’s series “Youth Unemployment.” She is now having her first retrospective, “Tish Murtha: Works 1976-1991,” on view at The Photographers’ Gallery in London through October 14.
Two packages each were addressed to Mr. Biden and Ms.
That would be a slightly larger margin than Republicans achieved in 2010 or 1994.
Later, as the Boston Red Sox hoisted the Commissioner’s Trophy out on the field at Dodger Stadium, Kershaw ducked inside a small interview room not far from the home clubhouse so he could offer his instant forensics on a series that had gone sideways for him and his team.
Asian-Americans remain scapegoats for economic anxieties, from the immigrants blamed for taking away good-paying jobs from white Americans to the Asian students blamed for taking college acceptance spots away from white students.
It was a welcome change from just a few weeks ago, when the show hosted a climate denier as an expert panelist.
“The term ‘Fake News’ became so ubiquitous last year that it was officially named the word of the year, so we thought we’d immortalize this of-the-moment phrase on a pair of our jeans,” said Mo Riach, Topshop’s head of design, by way of explanation.
Mr. Chen’s career in the United States and Europe took off two decades ago as he grappled with a production that nearly failed.
After initially flirting with a challenge to Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Friess opted for the governor’s race instead.
There’s nothing wrong with choosing cute over challenging, but it feels condescending to those on the spectrum and insulting to audiences who might prefer not to be cosseted.
Kretz told me he had mistrusted Wielgus for a long time, since Wielgus’s initial mountain-lion studies.
An outstanding first baseman in sandlot baseball, he was signed to the New York Giants’ minor league system in 1955 and soon earned a reputation as a power hitter.
Our self-image was shattered.” The police investigation was widely criticized for sloppiness.
Beyoncé and LeBron going in for Beto, Taylor Swift getting off the sidelines for a local race when she wouldn’t do the same for Hillary Clinton … and a president who tweets a video from his Emmys appearance while signing a Farm Bill.
China is a relatively small exporter of steel and aluminum to the United States.
“We’ve got to learn from something like that.
Jessica Marie Gatof and Jason Alexander Morgan were married Aug. 11.
Others were handcuffed in their homes and dragged off like criminals.
Mr. Donovan did not immediately respond to a request to comment on the accusations.
____ • Scientists in Shanghai successfully created two cloned monkeys from fetal cells grown in a petri dish.
In Britain, the far right is on the march both in the streets and in the halls of power, and the struggle against it is critical.
Green-Wood hosts more than 200 public programs a year in various parts of its picturesque grounds.
“It’s been way too long since you’ve worked for CBS,” he told her.
“We have a lot of people that want the job, chief of staff,” Mr. Trump told reporters in the Oval Office after engaging in a heated back-and-forth about a border wall and a government shutdown with the Democratic leaders Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California.
A handful of teams were interested in one-year deals with Ramos, who met with several teams (including the Mets) at the winter meetings in Las Vegas.
On the contrary, there’s a very clear-cut case right now: the Chinese company ZTE, which makes cheap phones and other electronic goods.
The calculations showed that the flow started slow near the sun and accelerated as it moved farther away, passing Earth at supersonic speeds.
I knew he’d be good, but he’s phenomenally good.” Switching constantly between the two parts is a challenge.
Here’s the latest: • A new blow to U.S.-China relations.
Committee Democrats queried him sharply about the reports of his ethical lapses and pressed Mr. Pruitt on his rollbacks of environmental rules, in particular, a new policy, proposed this week, that would limit the E.P.A.’s use of scientific research in crafting new health and environmental rules.
“He had this fire,” my friend Sarah Rosenberg said when we spoke on Friday morning, trying to make sense of it all.
But not all opportunity zones are the same, and the tax incentive could also keep investors from being sufficiently rigorous with their due diligence.
But long before the Zurbarán revival, Richard Trevor, a progressive and fabulously wealthy English bishop, acquired nearly the full set of biblical portraits, which had somehow turned up in a London auction house in the mid-18th century.
By this measure , the most famous person in the world right now is Katy Perry (109 million), followed by Justin Bieber (106 million) and Barack Obama (102 million).
I remember an octogenarian man with a cane who waited two hours in line on a bone-chillingly rainy Saturday in February.
“If there’s a theme in ‘The Personality Brokers,’ woven throughout and never belabored, it’s that the self is more slippery than we allow.” THE SPLINTERING OF THE AMERICAN MIND: Identity Politics, Inequality, and Community on Today’s College Campuses, by William Egginton.
Even with Western sanctions, consistently tightened over the last few years, consumer culture here has not visibly suffered.
Scientists have generally considered this type of visual processing as a higher level task that requires complex brain structures.
He has sold papers on the sidewalk outside the 86th Street station every night and morning for 36 years with no newsstand or shelter, and rarely a day off.
She rear-ended him, tearing his bumper.
“I don’t think I was alone; it was going on throughout the tour.” Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway, who has won six gold medals in the Olympics and the world championships, shook his head when asked about Poisson’s death.
In September, New York State recorded its lowest unemployment rate in 30 years.
“I’m glad the campaign is over in five days,” Ms. Feinstein said with a laugh at a women’s luncheon in Sacramento on Thursday.
While the price of Bitcoin has dropped since Christmas, the virtual currency boom has shown no signs of cooling off in the more august precincts of America’s elite universities.
The report is especially critical of two F.B.I.
estimates that about 300,000 Americans get Lyme disease each year, but only about 35,000 diagnoses are reported.
But to Tshego, Meghan Markle is just flat-out thrilling.
“I think the same is true for many people,” she said.
He left to work for a company pioneering new missile technology.
“Right now I’m going to keep taking my blood thinners, and hopefully there are no side effects from the medication I’m taking,” he said.
History disproves that,” she said in her statement, adding, “Emmett Till’s accuser immediately comes to mind.” Mrs. Cosby also cited Darryl Hunt, an African-American who wrongfully served 19 years in prison after being convicted of a 1984 murder.
Natalie was born in March 2016.
This group, it appeared, would not be given the same welcome that the first caravan — and two subsequent others now moving through southern Mexico — had received.
Second, Trump’s talk about military strikes may or may not have rattled North Korea, but it certainly horrified South Korea.
Should the memorial explain the crime, mention the killers?
After Mr. Cai managed to get friends visiting the United States to pester him, Mr. Cox finally replied with a vague promise to sell the manuscript or return it.
“Age is just a number to me, and I don’t feel like I am old.
Gale Brewer, the Manhattan borough president, said that the crossings not only provided a free alternative to subways and buses for those on a tight budget, but were also better for the environment and gave people another chance to squeeze in some exercise.
183 in the world, was unseeded at the French Open.
Marrying the two is a skill that can take a lifetime of practice and learning by example.
Near the end, Sharp and Jackson confronted Davis at her office to mockingly warn her about her opponent.
THE UPSHOT Much of the $2 million budget (reportedly the most for a Broadway show at the time ) went to structural upgrades to the theater, including pipes for a water effect that promptly went bust.
Zug’s top economic official who has worked on the effort, Guido Bulgheroni, flew to the cryptocurrency conference in May that Mr. Burt also attended.
It’s a dime a dozen.” Gianvito Bottalico, a retired M.T.A.
In “The Fire Next Time,” his stunning book of 1963, James Baldwin wrote that white people could resolve their position only by looking inward.
Rhoades and Sacker approach New York State Attorney General Alvin Epstein (the Broadway great and prestige-TV utility player Brian Stokes Mitchell) with a proposition.
These environments offer sensory and motor experiences, like climbing trees, making mud pies and collecting rocks — all things that children crave and that help develop neural pathways in the brain for learning.
No donation is turned down, and Mr. Hyman described the archive as a final resting place for printed matter.
In these troubling times, up is down, black is white and America stands alone, reckless and ridiculed, among the nations of the world.
And listen to us on the Book Review podcast .
“I don’t want to say that to Andy because he just started, and I’m afraid he’ll run back to Toronto,” Mr. Cuomo said.
The whole thing feels like a firecracker exploding in a nuclear war.
United is in second place with four points, two behind Juventus.
A splash of lemon juice stops the browning and contributes acidity.
There were the attendants who watched David Orr around the clock, and a padlock that went up on the door after Mr. Orr wandered from the apartment a few times, a phenomenon that is given the discordant name of elopement.
“Some people didn’t even really say anything, they just wanted to be close to us — they wanted to somehow physically connect.” I certainly had a hard time leaving the Young Vic the night I saw the play, my way blocked by women in tears.
The gender equality minister, Marlène Schiappa, recently put forward a draft bill, set to be debated by lawmakers in the next few months, that would among other measures declare that those aged under 15 could not legally consent to a sexual relationship.
Mr. Kim may also be eager for a deal , our reporter writes, so he can deliver on the prosperity he’s been promising to North Koreans.
Sign up now to get NYT Parenting in your inbox every week.]
We will need to make some level of postsecondary education free to every American who meets a minimum grade and attendance requirement, so that every adult and every high school graduate can earn an associate degree or technical certificate free of tuition at a community college at any time.
But the committee gave Coach Shaka Smart another opportunity to make some March magic.
In this dispatch from Dubai , our reporter examines how that imbalance of power can be emotionally unsettling and exploitative.
As the varnish comes off, so too will much of the paint from previous restorations — including, Ms. MacBeth and Ms. Baer hope, the splotches on the man’s face, and another section of retouching on the wall behind the woman.
To be fair, CBO’s projections try to take the incentive effects of tax policy and the effects of deficits on investment into account, but these are small change compared with what you would need to link the Great Recession to the massive downgrading of long-run growth projections.
Ford laid out a billion-dollar plan to remake its Dearborn, Mich., locations into a high-tech, Silicon Valley-like campus.
An expensive dam project can’t fix the problem when it lies downstream, he said.
Heather Swift, a spokeswoman for the Department of the Interior, said Mr. Cruickshank’s remarks did not necessarily contradict the secretary’s decision.
A few months ago, she moved to the Upper West Side, where she enjoys walking her dog, a Westie named Aston, in Riverside Park.
and hadn’t been here for 22 years and know the terrain, maybe I’d be optimistic.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion) , and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter .
In the end, one of the council members flew back from vacation in Spain to make sure the council could meet legally and release its report.
I can teach her to be tough but resilient, adaptable and prudent, because she’s going to have to struggle for what she needs.
And, hey, taxes on corporations and the wealthy would go down.
In her own San Francisco district , she said, people wanted her to fight the health care battle over funding for Planned Parenthood and Medicaid.
Wall-to-wall coverage of the attack, though, kept him in the headlines and seemed to have increased his appeal.
While we waited, Ken recalled his memories of Hannah.
Johnson & Johnson has the largest share of the talcum powder market, and has been selling Baby Powder and other similar products for more than 100 years.
If James’s point guard actually were a Roomba, we’d all acknowledge it as a bit of a problem for him.
“For sure.” Iyengar posed the following hypothetical: Let’s assume that Mueller uncovers evidence of collusion and close associates of the Prez are implicated.
It is about hostility over comity.
American income inequality has been especially aggravated by the Fed’s interest-rate policy.
I thought of my own parents, who were forced to move back to Mexico when I was in high school because they had no path to legal status here.
If not, the company said it would cancel its plan to add a second pipeline along aroute that opened in 1953.
The district, Ohio’s 12th, includes the Republican stronghold of Delaware County, which has not voted for a Democrat for president since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 .
Despite wildly positive reviews, they have mostly fallen flat with S.U.V.-besotted consumers.
The couple met in 2012 at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where the bride was a research analyst and the groom a neurosurgical resident.
Free market capitalism is not rejected but anchored more deeply in conservative family structures and in a group identity defined against an Islamic threat from the East.
“Most teenagers talk about drama about girlfriends and boyfriends,” said Zach Cooper, 16.
The blowback was swift for Ram after the carmaker used a sermon given by the Rev.
“If you have zero tolerance, how can you permit people found to have committed more egregious acts of harassment or assault to continue to work and walk the halls?” said Ms. Harris, the lawyer.
“And like any agency, we could always use additional resources.” The A.T.F.’s own 52-page budget proposal for the current fiscal year describes an agency on the cusp of a resource crisis.
Two Amazon executives faced more than three hours of public grilling by the New York City Council yesterday about the company’s plan to open a major campus in Long Island City, Queens, writes J. David Goodman of the NYT : • It was the first time Amazon had truly stepped into the public spotlight in New York since announcing the deal.
Hope in turn has a much-improved haircut and, as the title announces, a much-expanded role as the Wasp, Ant-Man’s kicky partner.
“I’ve got like 12 million people that live within 20 miles of the place,” said Jeff Gural, who operates the Meadowlands Racetrack and notes that his venue is a relatively short drive or train ride from Manhattan.
Until Saul arrives, you’d better watch Gus and Mike.
“He was proper, decent and lovely, friend with all and a dream maker,” wrote Louis Rigaud Bois, who said later in an interview that the two had met at Coney Island Hospital when Mr. Coto worked as a clerk there, before becoming a firefighter three years ago.
That unexpected mix allows for a broad range of movement styles, which is an ongoing interest for Silvers.
This lifts the pressure of early registration deadlines and is especially relied on by groups who move frequently or struggle to make multiple visits to election offices — like minorities, young voters and working parents.
5 p.m. [Free] • The New York International Children’s Film Festival continues at sites around the city, through Sunday.
Still, the research marks the arrival of new kind of device: an autonomous aid that enhances normal, but less than optimal, cognitive function.
“Within 20 or 30 seconds, I, as a bad guy, should have very little easy access to anybody,” said David R. Connors, head of Connors Security Consulting Services in Spencerport, N.Y., and a former police officer.
Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
In a recent television interview, Mr. Bolton said the precedent for the North Korea negotiations should be Libya, which agreed to box up its entire nuclear program and ship it out of the country.
( WSJ ) • Federal prosecutors charged 10 Chinese intelligence officers with hacking secrets from aerospace companies.
First, Brazil: Jair Bolsonaro — a climate-denying, proudly misogynist defender of Brazil’s old military dictatorship — won the presidency easily on Sunday.
He’s been booted from his storage unit squat and can’t even find refuge at his cousin’s condo.
SLAVE OLD MAN By Patrick Chamoiseau Translated by Linda Coverdale 151 pp.
“We got used to the Croatia football team winning in extra time and what we did here was not one, not two but 10 extra times,” Krajan said, referring to how the soccer team won its first three knockout matches after they had all gone to extra time.
The United States has now backed away from a proposal that would require half of the value of an automobile to be manufactured in the United States to qualify for Nafta’s preferential tariffs.
Take care of each other.
Rates include a daily breakfast buffet at the in-house, ground-floor cafe (Kyrkogatan 38; 46-31-711-62-20; hotellvanilla.com; from 960 kronor).
The American people don’t entirely agree.
“People feel good about themselves afterward because they have the sense that they have control over their emotions, like, ‘I can conquer my fear,’ ” said Tim Woodman, professor of performance psychology at Bangor University in Wales.
When he was found by other firefighters, he was unconscious, and critically injured.
I don’t watch any of it.
I also can’t count the number of times I was dropped at the wrong location because drivers had no GPS and little knowledge of our city streets.
“It’ll be a very interesting series.
“Now, the question is: How do we deal with that?” If machines can generate believable photos and videos, we may have to change the way we view what winds up on the internet.
By then he was declaring to The Washington Post that conservative radio hosts were “meanspirited and intentionally dishonest.” When MSNBC hired him to host his own show in 2009, he joined an unabashedly liberal lineup that featured Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann.
Simone Maria Lopes and Jeffrey Albert Morris Jr. were married Nov. 3 at Monterey Peninsula Country Club in Pebble Beach, Calif. Andrew Morris, a brother of the groom who became a Universal Life minister for the occasion, officiated.
Misen , another recent cookware start-up, sells a $320 bundle of three knives and three pots and pans, while other direct-to-consumer brands specialize in just one product.
These are not the stories that candidates usually turn to the camera and open up about in ads.
A great-aunt who survived Auschwitz settled in Acapulco and opened an Austrian-style bakery.
Before that, the largest landslide had been in 1983, farther north at Pfieffer Burns State Park.
Mr. Davis’s email is Team7@nyct.com .
“Remember, Daddy?” “I wasn’t here.
Now they’re probably happy to get out and start over.
Getting a million likes from sitting in the booths and posing like models.
“During the early days, when some undesirable Italian-American organizations wanted to take us over, they were the only ones I knew I could trust.” “The programs were taken away from us, but I learned a valuable lesson from this experience,” she recalled in her memoir.
Six members of the security forces died when their vehicles hit two explosive devices in Kirkuk Province, and several people were wounded by a rocket in Diyala Province.
Her new album, “Camila,” arriving Jan. 12, will test her prospects as a solo proposition.
Mr. Perelman recalled a rabbinical student being shot some 25 years ago.
They supported research suggesting that the E.P.A.
officer whose defection in 1985 was a serious blow to the Soviet government, hosted a game show for a time.
The trills would go even further because they encompass everything that goes on in an economy.
“Henry stealing my phone should be seen as a robbery, but Henry grabbing Drew’s possessions, his bedding, et cetera, and throwing it in the lake should also be seen as a robbery,” he said.
Mr. Tillemann’s grandfather was Tom Lantos, a venerated California Democrat who died in 2008 and was extremely close to Mr. Hoyer, and his uncle is Richard Swett, a former Democratic congressman from New Hampshire.
Let’s go downstairs and get a mocha frappuccino and I will show you.” He was notorious for his “mocha frap” habit, and would often hold contests among the residents to see who could win one.
You want to be able to effectively deal with contraband smuggling and improper searches of visitors and every other problem in the city’s jails, then you want to make sure you have a good and fully trustworthy staff.” In the last three years, Mr. Peters said his office has arrested more than 50 correction officers and staffers.
After the 2012 school shooting in Newtown, Conn., that left 20 children and six staff members dead , for instance, the organization shut down its Facebook page , stopped updating its Twitter feed and did not return calls from the news media.
It is, of course, difficult not to contemplate time when one is speaking of recovery, from any illness; one hopes there are stations of progress to which he can look forward to, or reflect upon, fondly, when in the end things seem to have turned out O.K.
Many analysts think the country will miss those targets unless most coal plants either shut down or start capturing and burying their emissions by 2030.
By January 2018, records show, he was hospitalized.
Its Saudi parentage gives the company an advantage over the likes of Exxon and Royal Dutch Shell.
Major storms aside, the cherry blossoms in Japan are blooming earlier now than they have in 1,200 years of recorded data, a fact that scientists generally attribute to warmer temperatures.
The case may well make its way to the Supreme Court.
All of a sudden, Silicon Valley — once the golden child of American industry — has become a villain.
Some unscrupulous vendors recycle it, meaning that monks can receive spoiled food in their alms.
A school shooting may have been narrowly averted on Wednesday — thanks in part to the quick response of a school resource officer, who shot a gunman before anyone else was harmed.
“There is often this misconception that we are wandering down the street looking to recruit children,” Mr. Videcette said in a phone interview.
But something hit closer to home this year.
In response, she created an aspirational universe geared toward working women who yearned for advancement, wanting to fake it till they make it.
“The role they played in the civil rights movement, it sends chills down your spine.” The Alabama State students waited nearly six decades for the apology, which comes in a time of heightened sensitivity to racism.
It was, after all, a social visit.” Left unclear was exactly what Mr. Theodoracopulos was claiming to have misrepresented or whether the quotation itself was inaccurate.
MERCH ON A MISSION I go window shopping and look for places that could possibly pick up my socks.
But one day, Sofia just disappeared.
Richard Ojeda, a charismatic pro-coal, pro-gun-rights Democrat and a veteran, is trailing by five points in our poll.
Hourly workers, who vote at lower rates than professionals, may not have paid time off to vote.
(At the Hotel Wengener Hof, a four-star hotel, current prices for a weeklong stay in mid-March for two start at 1,967 Swiss francs.
The report may signal where Mr. Cuomo is heading, though he can also reject any of its recommendations.
I’m still not sure what I want to happen when I die, but I have a lot more clarity about how I want to live.
In fact, if you happen to reach out to Larry David for this article and he declines to comment or doesn’t respond, that silence would qualify as absolute consent and complete agreement with me.
Republicans will present Judge Kavanaugh to the nation as an experienced, independent-minded jurist with a sparkling résumé, and as an advocate and mentor for women in the judiciary.
Later, another suicide bomber, this time on a motorcycle, attacked a Massoud procession, killing seven people and wounding 20 others, according to Mr. Stanikzai.
Plants actually do want to live, which can come as a shock if your grandmother’s anemic orchids are the only greenery you’ve ever known.
In San Francisco, Mr. Carranza championed an effort to change discipline practices, a path Ms. Fariña and Mr. de Blasio have taken as well, and suspensions were reduced by half during his four years as superintendent.
The disorder was first described in 1972 by the French dermatologist Liliane Schnitzler, who subsequently identified five patients with hives, episodes of prolonged fever, bone pain and enlarged lymph nodes.
“At home, men are more resistant to that change because it really means surrendering privilege,” said David A. Cotter, a sociology professor at Union College who has studied gender attitudes .
A dystopia is an imagined, horrific place where people’s humanity is replaced by fear.
Rather than remembering to download a season of a favorite TV show before heading to the airport, for example, you could do it while in line to board a plane, said Justin Denison, a Samsung senior vice president.
“There’s more common ground there than we might know.” On Ms. Hatmaker’s show, Mr. O’Rourke spoke of the American value of compromise.
Immigration is particularly important in a farm economy, and mass deportation is not a popular solution in these rural areas.
Faang stocks made up just 6 percent of the S.&.P.
He has another idea for a robe he would get Dapper Dan to make for his incarnation as a public intellectual: one in “waffle lamé brocade.” “I think it could be very inspiring,” he said.
“Every time I go to a bank,” he writes, “there is a rigamarole involved as we go through the new-account-type-of-the-month, each of course with their complex tiers of fees.
And now he’s pretending to work within the machine,” he said.
“It was a small hole, not a lot, like this,” Benyahia explains.
The attorney general’s action is also likely to embolden critics who have accused Mr. Trump of flouting legal norms.
California agreed to voluntarily reduce its Colorado River water use by about 6 percent if conditions get bad enough.
“If you want to reach more people, you need people who speak to them.”
Presidents have tremendous power to make national security policy.
It’s true that business spending on fixed investment — such as machinery, buildings and equipment — rose, jumping 11.5 percent and 8.7 percent during the first and second quarters.
[ The New York Times ] • Clean-up teams are scrambling after an Iranian tanker carrying nearly one million barrels of oil sank in the East China Sea.
They include guarantees that none of the nuclear materials provided by the United States will be used for nuclear explosives, that none of the technology or classified data will be transferred to third parties without American consent, and that the country involved in the agreement will not enrich uranium or reprocess plutonium.
“He’s a pastor, so I should identify with what he says,’’ Ms. Bailey said.
“I’m not usually at ease with that at queer parties because I’m so self-conscious.
Below, Mr. Hoffman discusses how that book led to this one, the way his view of his subjects changed over time and more.
“I’m thinking to myself, I guess this is how you fight perceptions,” he said.
— found that the bulk of money supporting the likes of Mr. Klein and his cohorts has come from the disputed campaign fund, with far less support from small donors who have flocked to their challengers.
Fresh off an overnight shift, Kevin Duffy , a Yonkers firefighter, met his longtime Ironman triathlon training partner and fellow vegan, Steve Quinn, for a morning workout session in the “pain cave.” The cave was Mr. Quinn’s garage-turned-home gym in Scarsdale, N.Y.
Did you come to see the show?
The year before, Page Six announced Jennifer Lawrence was reportedly going to receive $15-20 million for her current three-year contract to represent Dior — a brand with one of the largest celeb stables in fashion (it includes Rihanna and Natalie Portman) — though the brand itself wasn’t talking.
Mets host Orioles, 7:10 p.m. (SNY).
The Urban Institute’s Linda Blumberg and John Holahan have proposed an excellent and economical set of improvements , including providing more generous subsidies to middle-class families and to people with high out-of-pocket costs.
In the future, those storefront display spaces will host artist exhibitions and pop-up retail for emerging designers, free of charge.
• The rise of automation is a particular concern for poor countries , where there are more unskilled laborers in agriculture and manufacturing, a new study shows.
Mr. Oshana still comes back home from Germany at least once a year, even if that means staying alone in his house in a mostly empty village.
The judge found that she also impersonated her boyfriend in an email turning down the school’s offer to study with Mr. Gilad.
I would accept it as normal that Mormon beliefs or church standards might be viewed as controversial and might be brought up in this obituary, but it was done without any taste.
Sessions before voting for the attorney general’s confirmation that backtracking on marijuana would not be a focus of the administration.
So that’s tonight and, let’s say, Wednesday taken care of, right there?
• Selected answers from our question, “ What Do You Wish More People Understood About What It’s Like to Be a Student in 2018?
Carlos Vela takes a perfect cross from the wing into the penalty area, but his header goes just wide.
The dry season is usually a feast for the lions, but in these conditions they have to use creative tactics to survive.
“It’s another example of politicians looking after themselves and not looking after the country,” said Charles Alder, the chief executive of Rural Aid, a group that helps drought-affected farmers.
Do you really know the result of this particular test is not a false negative?
I was sure I was about to be told that one of my parents or my son had died.
“What has become of us that we now demand the poor man’s lamb for ourselves as well?” Yet the government pressed on.
“The Flamethrowers” was in love with speed and with anarchy, with moments — during a strike, an urban riot, a New York City blackout — when the rules are suspended and everything is up for grabs.
Other plans charge people with prior health problems a higher price or just deny them outright.
On June 19, a stand-up special called “Hannah Gadsby: Nanette” appeared on Netflix.
In the poem “Sweetheart,” Myles acknowledges the artifice of this truth as well as a division of the private and the public-private: I’m creating a pattern someone who doesn’t love me will say you say too too much.
My new motto: A trip like this will ruin any object you love.
Now the prime minister, Mr. Orban is expected to lead his party to victory in parliamentary elections on Sunday — not as the pro-Western statesman he once promised to be, but as a hero to the far-right, a scourge of civil society (and of Mr. Soros), and the embodiment of the failed promise of liberalism in post-Cold War Eastern Europe.
Mr. Cuomo said the AirTrain would offer a 30-minute trip to La Guardia from Midtown Manhattan and would open by 2022.
How are you going to connect it to Harlem?
Alabama and West Virginia voters approved sweeping state constitutional language declaring that women have no right to an abortion.
And today, it turns out that you can’t even get away from them in the crossword puzzle.
“I hope they realize how deep they have to go, how long it will take,” he said.
Toward the end of his marriage to Ms. Hanley, he expanded his professional interests to bitcoin, the cryptocurrency.
They came across as giddy — something that Mr. Farnsworth chalked up to the thrill of owning a “hot company,” and that Mr. Lowe, eating from a bag of Fritos, credited to “alcohol.” “We love the idea that everybody thinks that we’re going to fail,” Mr. Lowe said.
Then I headed to Cleveland.
SoundCloud and Bandcamp have huge archives of music that won’t be found there.)
More recently, the weather has caused problems.
York County prosecutors apologized to the group for their arrest and their time in jail.
Kemp knows this as well as anyone; four years ago, he warned a meeting of Republicans about the New Georgia Project, a voter-registration initiative that Abrams founded while serving as Democratic minority leader in the Georgia House.
“America will not be cheated any longer, and especially will not be cheated by foreign countries,” Mr. Trump said.
He is now dating someone else.
A lot of cream blushes can either be too dense, almost like a lipstick, and seem to just sit on top of skin rather than blending into it, or they can go the way of a cheek stain and be too intense, too quickly.
Moschino x H&M leather trousers, $349 at H&M; www2.hm.com, on Nov. 6.
With the final piece of the night, “Ro” (2013), by Anna Thorvaldsdottir, you could set aside theory and simply take in the lovely sounds.
Porn taught A. the basics of masturbation.
After Mr. Schiff challenged Mr. Trump’s claim, the president lashed out on Twitter , calling him “Little Adam Schiff” and accusing him, without presenting any evidence, of leaving “closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information.
But the proportionate coverage did nothing to restore Mr. Acosta’s White House access.
It became painfully clear to me that my face had indeed far outpaced my mind.
Novak Djokovic reclaimed a central place in men’s tennis, beating Kevin Anderson , 6-2, 6-2, 7-6 (3), to win Wimbledon for the fourth time.
“Right now, I’m working on one with a Trump and Kanye cartoon.” The gold case from Miansai is beyond the budget of most college students, or most other e-cigarette users for that matter.
Who knew the royal wedding was going to be so black?
This time around, there are notable differences.
As many as 110 girls disappeared in February after the terrorist group conducted a militant raid on a school.
Hanukkah gets underway on Sunday night, so of course we’ve polished the silver in our collection of best Hanukkah recipes .
• Ridership of the city’s subway system dropped for the second year in a row as passengers flee to Uber and other ride-hailing services.
In fact, until its recent shift in focus to protectionism, the chamber was running ads trying ( unsuccessfully , it’s true, but still) to build public support for the Trump tax cut in competitive House districts .
China has long made it clear that reporting on politics, civil society and sensitive historical events is forbidden.
Keegan Bradley made two tough pars for a 66 and narrowly edged past Spieth for the 30th spot.
Inuqtaq was supposed to learn how to approach the ice pans.
It calls for selling international operations, like Arnott’s Biscuits in Australia; getting out of the refrigerated soup business; and unloading its Bolthouse Farms unit.
“Brown ignores all the starchy obligations of biography and adopts a form of his own to trap the past and ensnare the reader — even this reader, so determinedly indifferent to the royals.
Mr. Trump has previously said he is prepared to tax nearly all Chinese goods that come into the United States.
“Blending history and investigative reporting, Bergman never loses sight of the ethical questions that arise when a state, founded as a refuge for a stateless people who were targets of a genocide, decides it needs to kill in order to survive.” IN EVERY MOMENT WE ARE STILL ALIVE , by Tom Malmquist.
isn’t to be perfect, because you can always adjust the metrics.
“Aries women just love me,” Mr. Dimitrov went on.
Customers registered in China, according to Apple’s new terms and conditions agreement for the country, must “understand and agree that Apple and G.C.B.D.
“Baseball is my profession, my passion and my life, and for those mistakes I am truly sorry.” Mejia, who turns 29 in October, has been tested regularly during his suspension and satisfied all of M.L.B.’s requirements for reinstatement, most notably with his apology.
The Census Bureau, charged with counting every person living in the United States in the coming decennial, may never find whoever is living here in this converted garage on the east side of town.
But yes, she is also the daughter of Muhammad Ali, who was known as “The Greatest.” 30D: For those of you (and by that I mean me) who have trouble remembering whether “Skating leaps” are AXELS or AXLES, an AXLE is a rod that passes through the center of a wheel or wheels.
I submitted the grid, and got an acceptance contingent on replacing an entry in the southwest quadrant.
After her most recent match, an error-strewn first-round loss to Naomi Osaka at the Miami Open, Williams made the rare decision to skip the mandatory postmatch news conference, incurring a fine, and to head straight for her car with her bags to drive home.
Matt Ridley has described the moment in his biography of Crick: Then suddenly Brenner let out a “yelp.” He began talking fast.
Ideas are now delivered through news feeds governed by raw, engagement-driven popular will.
When Ovechkin trudged into Washington’s locker room afterward, he was still breathing hard, drained by the relentless pace.
All of this has doctors grappling with an ethically fraught question: Is a heart ever not worth fixing?
An Amazon official said the company has not yet begun to design its buildings and will address infrastructure needs during the environmental review process.
Then we’ll see who runs, and I’ll decide based on the candidates and their platforms.
Either way, Netflix will be making note.
He emerged from Raymond’s practice into a country on a war footing, where architect-proponents of Nihon shumi , or “Japanese taste,” attacked Modernists for being “un-Japanese.” Imitating older Japanese building techniques became the rage — something that Maekawa felt was dishonest.
In remarks to reporters on Wednesday, Mr. Kudlow insisted that the president does not intend to be constrained by the global trading rules set up by his predecessors.
“Male power is such a common understanding, and women don’t have much of a voice.” Kaori, who trained in Paris as a dancer, began posing for Mr. Araki after meeting him at a party in 2001.
The company, which is owned by Yahoo, is defining adult content primarily as photos, videos or GIFs that “show real-life human genitals or female-presenting nipples, and any content — including photos, videos, GIFs and illustrations — that depicts sex acts.” (Tumblr will continue to allow images of breast-feeding and nudity in art.)
The national security adviser, John R. Bolton, an even more ardent proponent than Mr. Trump of the virtues of sovereignty, also injected themes.
John Gauntner, the Tokyo sake educator who is considered one of the foremost English-language experts on the drink, appreciates their initial focus on the basics.
There isn’t money,” she said.
She has refused to commit to Ms. Pelosi, and a handful of other liberal challengers to sitting Democratic lawmakers have done the same.
Believing he’d solved all the problems of philosophy in his soon-to-be-published “Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus” (1921), his focus turned to self-improvement.
No, people in Georgia whose names aren’t exact matches between voter rolls and other forms of identification will not be blocked from voting in this election — thanks to a federal judge who ruled on Friday that the state’s “exact match” rules for registration won’t apply for this election .
“This is a political battle: It is not to gain some small benefit, it is public services he is attacking.” Laurence Michel, 48, joined the SNCF in 2008 through a program she said could well disappear with the government overhaul.
The Dutch-born historian and New York Review of Books editor Ian Buruma spent several years in Tokyo when he was in his early 20s, and he picked up a nickname.
They are hurtful, discriminatory, traumatic and must end.”
“Nothing’s more important than the football,” said Tristan Colgate, one of two men who left their coveted Centre Court seats on Saturday after the first set of Nadal’s straight-sets victory over Alex de Minaur of Australia.
“You gotta get back on my seat.”) Consider the outtake from “This Is Forty” in which McCarthy berates every person in the room.
At its worst, this win-first, high-stress environment can prove deadly for student athletes, as it did at the University of Maryland earlier this year , when 19-year-old lineman Jordan McNair collapsed during a conditioning workout and died two weeks later.
And when I go to dinner parties it comes in handy — everyone these days wants to talk about how Bitcoin works and whether it is a bubble.
So when Singapore Airlines ended the route in 2013, those planes were also pulled from service.
“But because of this, I probably will have a few more good years.”
“We fled a war zone dominated by gangs, walked across the desert, ran out of money.
In a letter to colleagues on Monday, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, issued a rallying cry: “We must not agonize, we must organize.
He performed frequently with his brother Walter, a gospel singer and composer who died in 2010, also of pancreatic cancer.
“It’s very French to collect these things,” Mr. Chalençon said, perhaps understating the case.
The company has been consolidating its United States operations, eliminating hundreds of jobs in the process.
And the other explains why Mr. Trump’s plan to pay down the U.S. national debt with tariffs won’t work.
Bananas and melons can measure around 12 to 14 on the Brix scale, along with tomatoes, sweet potatoes, English peas, beets, broccoli, celery and cucumbers.
He had consultations this week with two doctors, including a psychiatrist, in Switzerland, and was visited by the Swiss police as a formality.
[ Read the story ] • President Trump plans to cap the number of refugees who can be resettled in the United States next year at 30,000, a record low.
A Democrat scored a razor-thin upset in a special House election in what had been a Trump stronghold in Pennsylvania.
Less than 28 hours after the Biennale art festival in the western German city of Wiesbaden set up a statue of the Turkish leader in a public square bearing the name “German Unity Place,” the mayor had it pulled down late Tuesday night, citing security concerns.
No matter: The whole point of this game is to make the job of the actual investigators harder while confusing the public about where the true scandal lies.
He has endorsed almost every incumbent Republican senator, making it much more difficult for challengers like Mr. McDaniel to wage the kind of primary fights that have sown division inside the party for most of the last decade.
The poll showed Mr. Cuomo with a two-to-one advantage over both his potential Republican challengers, State Senator John DeFrancisco and Marc Molinaro, the Dutchess County executive, who is expected to formally declare his candidacy at the beginning of April.
The Trump administration on Tuesday issued a new rule banning bump stocks , the attachments that enable semiautomatic rifles to fire in sustained, rapid bursts and that a gunman used to massacre 58 people and wound hundreds of others at a Las Vegas concert in October 2017.
“One of the very important tools that the Chinese have is the ability to make life difficult for a large number of American businesses,” said Eswar Prasad, an economist at Cornell University who studies Chinese economic relations.
Through May 22 at 269 11th Avenue; wanteddesignnyc.com .
“It was crazy, but people just don’t know what’s going on.
I kind of liked that, to give my perspective on these things.” Siegemund’s undergraduate thesis focused on a topic intrinsic to her life as a tennis player: choking under pressure.
The shock has deepened as the realization sets in that Russia is one of a few countries in the world in which these horrific, preventable tragedies are still common.
“I celebrated my health birthday yesterday,” said Ms. Henner on a recent Thursday, as — inevitably — the details began flooding back.
The law allows Facebook to be fined up to 4 percent of its global revenue, though many consider such an outcome unlikely.
After swimming nearly a mile in the Hudson River and biking 25 miles along the West Side Highway and beyond, racers setting out on the final leg, a 10-kilometer run in Central Park, were long used to a course along the wooded hills that make up the northern section of the park.
We want to hear from college students worldwide about their experiences with sexual intimacy and consent in relationships and encounters.
But in light of these recent incidents, it would be more accurate to call the forms of Jim Crow that prevailed in the Northeast in the early- to mid-20th century the cutting edge in technologies of exclusion, a sign of things that were to come.
In October, after a gunman killed dozens of people at a concert in Las Vegas, the paper editorialized that a 1990s-era assault weapon ban was merely “cosmetic,” and noted that mass shootings accounted “for a fraction” of domestic firearm-related deaths.
to some 30 tracks, a musical manifestation of his eclectic network and rarefied behind-the-scenes status.
Of course, the whole project was an intellectual game, though one played seriously by me and the more than 1,500 readers whose comments were posted during the two weeks.
While foreigners are enjoying the hospitality, they shouldn’t be oblivious to the cost the World Cup is inflicting on ordinary Russians, who didn’t have a say in opening their doors to reveling sports fans.
Check out Match Book’s earlier recommendations here .
I have three months without a salary before I’m a member of Congress.
“Literally, it was called ‘Norway Valley,’” he said over lunch in July at an Upper East Side restaurant.
But I mention it because the wine panel recently tasted 20 bottles of dry German riesling from the largely excellent 2016 vintage.
The 500 Sennas that McLaren plans to make are already sold out to buyers like Mr. Evans.
Just as Trump declared at the 2016 Republican convention that he “alone” could fix a broken system , AMLO seems to have convinced his base that he can just make things happen.
When I was young, we used to go to the New York Botanical Garden on field trips, which back then seemed like a jaunt to the country.
The two women are now facing each other in a runoff for the Democratic nomination.
“I remember vividly their prototype heads.
Callimachi: We’re working with Kassem Hamadé.
“This is what’s wrong with writing a TV show about people who are all fragments of you,” Soloway explains.
For love is love, and for the sake of my Lily, I swear I will make this life of travel worth your love.
Investment will expand capacity, driving up the demand for workers and thus lead to higher wages.
But the charges that he had given, as well as taken, kickbacks raised the possibility that he may have paid his way up the ranks, some Chinese news media said.
Polls show that the commission enjoys widespread support among Guatemalans.
Republican lawmakers aligned with Mr. Trump have spent months wrangling over information pertaining to Justice Department investigations.
Here in Malaysia, I venture into the amorphous future before they do.
“We have a message from Kirill!” On a recent Tuesday evening in one of the Zurich Opera’s rehearsal studios, the choreographer Evgeny Kulagin called out, and a dozen singers and backstage technicians came running.
In June 2017, Muhammad Barakeh, a then lawmaker and the chairman of the High Follow-Up Committee for Arab Citizens of Israel, said after a week in which six Arab citizens were murdered, “There is no structured decision within the government and police to control crime on the Arab streets.” But he added, “We also bear responsibility internally regarding education, conflict resolution and more.” Earlier this month, a 17-year-old student was shot and wounded by masked men inside a school in the Arab town of Jaljulya in central Israel.
The New York Fed is owned by major banks including Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase as well as smaller community banks.
“A former state legislator referred to us as ‘the estrogen caucus,’” Jennifer Williamson, the Democratic House majority leader, recalled.
At a recent arms-trade exposition, an official at the company told The New York Times that the shell contains nine submunitions, each roughly the shape and size of a soda can and each with a fuse that sends out radio waves to measure how far it is above the ground and to tell the fuse when to detonate.
“We have very bad laws for our border, and we are going to be doing some things — I’ve been speaking with General Mattis — we’re going to be doing things militarily,” Mr. Trump said Tuesday morning, seated beside the defense secretary at the meeting with Baltic presidents.
She said it had always bugged her to see men coaching women and girls.
He was sent to a new location, a farmhouse outside Tarmiya.
Then the building’s phone service went dead.
Three of Mr. de Baleine’s children became journalists.
In such a climate, Mr. Gurkaynak said, “Canal Istanbul makes no sense whatsoever and will be impossible to finance.” It does not help that the proposed canal route would run parallel to the Bosporus, where transit is free under the 1936 Montreux Convention.
(The Times has not attended in a decade.)
Mark Ridley-Thomas, the Los Angeles county supervisor who represents the area, is spearheading a decade-long renovation of the park , with $50 million in improvements in the first phase, scheduled over the next two years, to include a large event center, better trails and a water park.
A good friend gave me Edward Hirsch’s “How To Read a Poem,” which I read and still have on my shelf, but it didn’t work.
Ms. James portrays Mr. Wofford as a wealthy, out-of-touch and ardent Trump supporter in a state where the president and his policies are deeply unpopular.
The death of a woman who was struck by an autonomous car operated by Uber is believed to be the first pedestrian fatality associated with self-driving technology.
Ed Cunningham, one of the producers of the documentary, told The New York Times, “We did not alter the footage and stand by the accuracy and fairness of the film.” The Guinness Book of World Records also threw out Mr. Mitchell’s Pac-Man records for good measure, since they are no longer listed on the Twin Galaxies leader board.
These aren’t tasks for the Supreme Court.
“For him to be in the Justice Department, and to be doing what he did, that is a disgrace,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Ohr this month to reporters.
That issue has become more urgent over the past decades.
Embodied here by Will Connolly, Travis not only has one of the few songs that seem to make sense in context.
Now she’s working as a staff writer at Lifo.gr , one of Greece’s most popular websites, and soon to spend a month in New York on a Niarchos grant, but like everyone, she fears continued volatility.
But he told colleagues that he bitterly resented the fruitless, politically damaging health care debate, and announced his retirement in a statement that took the N.R.C.C.
The Rockies kept pace with a 2-0 win at the Arizona Diamondbacks.
A study led by Katherine M. Scharer, a geologist with the United States Geological Survey, estimated dates for nine previous earthquakes along the Southern California portion of the San Andreas fault dating back to the eighth century.
Social programs and philanthropic efforts cream skim in a thousand ways.
At last count, more than 15 women have claimed to have been harassed or abused by Mr. Trump in the years before his presidency.
Surprisingly, there was almost no bird song and not even much in the way of insects, just the occasional drone of a helicopter.
Could any title, with the possible exception of “The Harvey Weinstein Massage Manual,” sound more off-key now?
In addition to the Star of Hope, the will notes several other Vinalhaven properties, including a former sail loft on the harbor that Mr. Indiana used as a studio.
Most verse lovers I hear from also mention the buoyant, contemplative lines of the former poet laureate Billy Collins.
Give these supposedly risky plays a chance.
The church next door, on Main Street, rings its bells every day at noon.
The corrections said that the inspectors general had made a “security referral” rather than a “criminal referral” and that the referral did not request that Mrs. Clinton specifically be investigated.
• The Royal Opera House in London, the Komsiche Oper Berlin, the Glynedbourn Festival and the Opéra de Paris — those locations only skim the surface of the conductor Vladimir Jurowski’s prodigious career .
On Thursday, North Korean state media called on “all Koreans at home and abroad” to support moves toward reunification and eliminate obstacles created by “outside forces,” a reference to the United States.
A new human resources manager started this month, and an outside firm has been hired to investigate any future claims of employee harassment.
Her co-founder and husband, Dan Talbot, died in December at 91.
China’s internet censors, ostensibly fearing social unrest, have sought to curtail such criticism .
But it seemed likely that the inquiry may cover some of the same issues raised by the New York attorney general, Barbara D. Underwood, in a lawsuit filed against the Trump Foundation last month.
Trump” and warned Ms. Mase that her ballot had not been submitted.
Our long-term agenda should be to bolster institutions that foster democratic deliberation and the rational pursuit of knowledge.
Mr. Rudin, who frequently produces revivals of plays and musicals, noted that “half of the great works depict troubled relationships, and I don’t think it makes any sense to whitewash them.” He said he understood that some audience members would see the show in the context of the #MeToo movement: “If people choose to look at it through that lens, that’s great, and if they don’t want to, that’s their right.” “The job of a play or a musical is not to answer a question, it’s to ask a question,” he added.
Two players on the Washington bench on Monday — Daniel Murphy and Adam Eaton — were on the disabled list last month.
_____ This briefing was prepared for the European morning and is updated online.
“The contention in Karen’s book that was so controversial at first — much less so now — is that there was a plan all along by Putin to take over the place.” Officials in Congress and the State Department consulted with Professor Dawisha after the book was published, Mr. Davidson said, and the president of Lithuania, Dalia Grybauskaite, distributed copies of it to members of the European Parliament.
Our round of recruits, the 13th, was called the “peace round,” but the cold war between Eritrea and Ethiopia continued until this summer’s peace declaration by Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed of Ethiopia and the Eritrean president, Isaias Afwerki.
The opposition leader was arrested at midnight on Sept. 3, 2017, and subsequently accused of conspiring with the United States in a plot to bring down Cambodia’s government.
When you make decisions about what to do onstage, do you think about the statements these make, politically?
Fitzgerald had not only paid for the study , which has roiled the faculty at Tennessee Tech and is the subject of an internal investigation, but it had also offered to build a new research center for the university on land owned by the company.
Mr. Trump’s lawyer Michael D. Cohen and A.M.I.
Above are the most distinctly popular GIFs used in each of the five countries for these emotional tags: #angry, #excited, #funny, #happy, #love, #sad and #sorry.
The vast scale of the problem in Germany is detailed in a wide-ranging report commissioned by the country’ bishops that was leaked on Wednesday , two weeks before the German bishops had intended to release it.
Finally, Republicans pulled out their old standby: trying to distract voters from their economic agenda by appealing to racial, cultural and religious enmity.
At least one official suggested to the president that Mr. Lerner may have been connected to extensive opposition research efforts against him.
But it’s the teenage Astrid (Alba August) she runs with: effervescent and a tad rebellious, quick to twist the story of Sodom and Gomorrah into a verse about soda pop, or twirl alone across the dance floor when boys don’t take her hand.
And activists under the umbrella of Communities United for Police Reform have begun descending on Albany by the busload to lobby lawmakers on both sides of the political aisle to repeal it.
She continued to work full time; she met a man and fell in love; they married.
212-258-9595, jazz.org/dizzys TOM RAINEY TRIO at Cornelia Street Café (Dec. 30, 8 and 9:30 p.m.).
The force was born in blood 76 years ago and has been shedding it ever since.
“I think our whole relationship with North Korea and the Korean Peninsula is going to be a very much different situation than it has in the past.” In a televised ceremony in which the two leaders signed a joint statement, Mr. Kim thanked Mr. Trump for making their face-to-face talks possible.
“And it definitely gives me hope for the future to see that.”
The long, narrow space, all white and wood, with low, curving ceilings meant to evoke those of a hacienda, is split in two.
— Roger D. Moore, Toronto Every longstanding ally has come to the grim realization that this administration cannot be reasoned with, cannot be convinced by rational argument and isn’t our friend.
The government intends to advise 140,000 companies about preparations, and Matt Hancock, the health secretary, told the BBC on Monday that the need to stockpile drugs had made him the world’s biggest buyer of refrigeration space.
In the cafeteria, students pelted a transgender student with food.
Add heels and a red lip , and you’re ready to host a superstylish sleepover.
By this logic, Mr. Mueller would want to have as much evidence as possible before speaking to the president, because the expectation is that he and his team would have only one shot at an interview.
So it’s not necessarily big news that the movie is now available to stream via FilmStruck’s Criterion Channel.
Increasing the trade deficit detracts from the gross domestic product, so we’re left with an interesting math exercise from all these revisions.
Denial and complicated grieving are surely part of the landscape of veterinary end-of-life care.
(He sought a role as a special envoy for Middle East economic development , but the idea never gained traction in the White House.)
The supposed correlation between golf and a better baseball swing, of course, has no scientific basis.
Despite sanctions on North Korea, Russia and Venezuela, Pyongyang has so far shown no signs of slowing its nuclear and ballistic missile weapons production, President Vladimir V. Putin has only grown bolder and Venezuela continues to slide into anarchy.
Too many acne treatments can cause inflammation, which itself can cause pore blockage.
Society is getting more comfortable with the social and emotional side of life, the author of this Opinion essay writes.
That standout is NYX HD Photogenic Concealer .
“It also loses the capacity to extradite suspects, including ordinary criminals and pedophiles.
“The election atmosphere is not hot,” said Ivan Choy, a political scientist at Chinese University of Hong Kong.
“Mental abuse leaves a different type of scar,” Mr. Gray said.
Although one of her teammates supported her, Ashworth insisted that she had been misquoted.
Mr. Kratsios also meets with a committee, set up by the Obama administration, that coordinates A.I.
This photograph was taken in Utah, at a point equidistant from Bears Ears National Monument and Daneros Uranium Mine.
Brazil’s murder rate declined 12 percent in the four years after the statute was approved.
“You could say that they are the university for everyone,” Mr. Newmark said.
“Bisbee ’17,” named for a mining town in Arizona, is a powerful midcareer foray into historical memory and political strife.
In recent years, she was a mentor and friend to Misty Copeland , who in 2015 became the first African-American ballerina to be named a principal dancer at American Ballet Theater in New York, one of the nation’s most important companies.
By the time the competing experiments are running and the debate is fully joined, I will have probably aged out of my current pro-parental biases and into a grouchy near-retirement.
“He’s also a great operator,” Mr. Scherr said.
Currently, asylum seekers must request refugee status in the member state they enter.
I wish there were any reason to hope our current president were either capable or inclined to do so.” Mr. Trump’s relationship with Judaism has long been complicated.
Mekelburg’s 319 Kent Avenue (South Third Street), Williamsburg, Brooklyn, September.
But in early March, Ratelle’s ankle was fractured by a shot taken by his teammate Dale Rolfe, and he was not a factor in the playoffs.
In response, she said, Mr. Weatherly suggested — to laughs from the crew — that she wanted to have a threesome with him and another male cast member.
Within days of retiring from the Army and returning to his home in Leesburg, Va., for a well-deserved rest, he received a telephone call summoning him back to government service.
could do, one is filing additional enforcement actions, which, in addition to curtailing individual companies’ practices, can send a powerful ‘clean up your act’ message to industries,” said Jonathan Mayer, an assistant professor of computer science and public affairs at Princeton University and a former technology adviser at the Federal Communications Commission.
On the field, under the brightest of lights, it can only stumble and fall.
“I’m lucky, maybe.” An email to the Pyeongchang Olympics Organizing Committee seeking a response to whether they had planned for the stir the alerts have caused was not immediately answered.
You roll over only to feel that tug — you know the one — that reminds you just how short your charging cable really is.
There is no escaping the Archie gang.
“There must be consequences for illegal actions,” Mr.
They terrify, instruct and enchant — sometimes all in the same book (Carmen Maria Machado’s short story collection, “Her Body and Other Parties,” features a veritable taxonomy of the type).
She was on the Princeton hockey team, he was on the football team.
And then, she had to quickly pivot to her daughter’s campaign for the House.
Nearby, another group called Blouzouki played bluesy numbers with just a banjo and a tuba.
Mr. Camerota wrote that weekend staffing is a special challenge as employees are guaranteed every other weekend off.
Mr. Trump is on his second press secretary, his second national security adviser and his third deputy national security adviser.
The bride’s father, a mechanical engineer, retired as a projects director on construction of pulp and paper mills for Iyinisiw Management, an engineering firm in British Columbia.
His brother Ed died in 2015 at 86, and his brother Gene died in 2004 at 60.
Transit experts have pushed for buses to be free to speed loading and prevent gridlock.
Then they all stood before the anthem started — a flourish no one quite understood.
Like Mr. Schute and Mr. Layton, he sees something in Kurdistan that would be obvious were it not for the news.
“It is Mercury,” she said.
“Tell the soldiers, ‘There’s a new order coming from the mayor,’ ” the president said in a speech, recalling a directive he said he had given when he was mayor of Davao City.
Within hours, the American Civil Liberties Union had filed a lawsuit to stop the changes.
You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it.
Hinch, the Astros’ manager, who led Houston to its first World Series title last year, seemed almost stunned by how good Boston’s lineup was.
“More and more witnesses have testified.
At the game’s nadir in 2009, Taiwan’s government and league executives intervened and vowed to clean up the sport, improving salaries and policing gambling more aggressively.
Her last film was the 1962 British comedy “In the Doghouse.” But she was forever identified with “Gun Crazy.” During an interview after a screening of the film in San Francisco in 2013, Ms. Cummins told the film writer Eddie Muller that she still received “a lot of letters from all over the world, and they all speak about ‘Gun Crazy.’ ” “Of course it’s wonderful,” she added, “but it still makes me feel very sad at times because it’s a sad movie, isn’t it?”
Those lawmakers have failed to mention one very important distinction between the Obama campaign’s app and Cambridge Analytica’s app: The Obama app was actually on Facebook itself, and it was very clear about who and what the data would be used for.
As female candidates crash the barricades of the Democratic Party and predict a “blue wave” of women in Congress, a string of high-profile departures of prominent Republican women threatens to leave the House with fewer Republican women next year.
[ The New York Times ] • In 2016, a former drummer in Mr. White’s rock band filed a lawsuit against him claiming that he had sexually harassed her.
• Cultivo de coca en Colombia sube a nivel más alto de todos los tiempos .
Events like the founding of the activist newspaper Indian Opinion, the leading of a peaceful protest march, and a confrontation between Gandhi and his opponents, are presented, but the libretto gives no indication of specific stage action for these episodes.
Miner’s coach, Mark Mitchell, delivered especially pointed criticism, saying figure skating should choose its Olympic team as track and field does — by taking those who perform best at the championships.
[ The New York Times ] • In Tokyo, a 892-pound bluefin tuna sold for $323,000 at the year-opening auction at the Tsukiji fish market.
In an interview, he said Opera Queensland responded to the review with an “extensive process of investigating our funding structure and the way the company is operating.
Meghan Markle is now Her Royal Highness, the Duchess of Sussex , and Prince Harry is Harry, Duke of Sussex.
The Trump administration is considering reducing its size.
I met him only once.
Linda Hofstad Helleland of Norway, who voted against reinstatement, said the vote “casts a dark shadow over the credibility of the antidoping movement.” Max Cobb, a member of the International Biathlon Union’s executive board, said WADA needed to get access to the lab data as quickly as possible.
“The deeper down we go in the supply chain, the greater the abuse,” said Deborah Lucchetti, of Abiti Puliti, the Italian arm of Clean Clothes Campaign, an anti-sweatshop advocacy group.
■ Mr. Xi has also taken a tough stance on Taiwan, the self-ruled island that China claims as part of its territory, and Hong Kong, the semiautonomous Chinese city where people have protested against Beijing’s growing influence.
And — no small chiseler in his own right — Mr. Trump seems to care not a whit about Mr. Pruitt’s mounting ethical problems, which have lately reached a point where Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, John Kelly, has reportedly told the president that he should think seriously about letting Mr. Pruitt go.
This sequence is included in the movie even though the Charlottesville episode happened after the director had finished shooting.
To take away her candles!
The forests would be spared, because making wood pellets requires far fewer trees than wood fires and charcoal .
Above all, the reader who wrote to the column should take comfort knowing that we’re working hard to ensure that responsible New Yorkers can achieve financial security by opening their homes; that guests can feel welcome in a new place; and that you can feel good about it all happening next door.
He believes that repressed grief is to blame, and he goes in search of his lost history to recover himself.
More generally, even big demographic shifts that seem to favor Democrats could easily be swamped by other demographic shifts that do the opposite.
There have been major losses in the broader market, however.
The motorcycle, it turned out, was stolen.
“You have seen what is happening,” he wrote.
The rest of our dispatches from the day are below.
“November will challenge this thesis of course, but this gives Republicans some hope.”
“It’s a great mixture of anticipation of exhilaration and some sadness.” Asked if there was a particular artwork for sale Tuesday that conjured his father, Mr. Rockefeller said it was Matisse’s “Odalisque Couchée aux Magnolias,” painted in Nice in 1923 and set against a richly decorated background.
It was presumably the goal, but the point felt lost in translation.
Within weeks, the party leadership spectacularly reversed course and entered coalition talks with the chancellor.
Human Rights Watch has called these camps “open-air prisons.” When and if the Rohingya would be allowed to return to their own villages, many of which were razed by fire, is not clear.
The two had never discussed the possibility, but the Dodgers had noticed that the Brewers’ starter, Jhoulys Chacin, used an occasional quick pitch in Game 3 to disrupt their timing.
To Victor Chukwuemeka, 41, a business consultant in Abuja, the capital, the team’s effort at the Olympics is inspiring.
And I know, too, that as time passes, VADs will become smaller, as devices do, and one day they might be no clumsier than pacemakers.
Dzeko was at it again after the break with a show of brute force, shrugging off Gerard Pique and Umtiti to approach the goal.
The answer will be a kind of grand experiment in urban planning, made possible, of course, by the subway.
But as Aaron learned, identifying who was in the cross hairs of a potential drone strike wasn’t always straightforward.
The first owners of the most expensive address in Belgrade, a city of two million people, will pay as much as €7,000 euros per square meter, or about $8,500, in a country with an average monthly salary of €375 euros, or about $455.
I saw him as he was: a 53-year-old man in clerical garb at a restaurant where, all around us, people his age were out for a romantic dinner.
They argue that companies did not receive sufficient notice that they needed to comply with a provision of the health law that had not been enforced for seven years.
Mrs. Koditschek survived the war, and related her account in many letters to her son, who died in 1974.
But good news: There are some easy fixes to restrict formaldehyde emissions.
He made it 3-0 in the 90th minute with an effort from an acute angle.
“Jeep is growing, and to keep that going they have to feed it product,” said Michelle Krebs, executive editor at Autotrader.
“He listens ,” she told me, saying that he has what Christians sometimes call a “servant-leader approach to politics.” If O’Rourke wins — if power and joy are enough to oust a sneering right-wing demagogue like Cruz in a deep-red state — it will ratify a new theory of politics that’s taken hold in Democratic circles since 2016.
In 2013 the Helicon Foundation prodded him to experiment with gut strings and a period bow, which led Mr. Gandelsman to the recording of Bach’s complete sonatas and partitas for unaccompanied violin he released earlier this year.
Mr. Klein, who led the Independent Democratic Conference, now defunct, is blanketing his primary race with money, turning the contest into New York’s most expensive state legislative race this cycle.
18 weeks on the market $1,380,000 list price 4% below list price Costs $19,770 a year in taxes Listing broker Daniel Gale Sotheby’s International Realty Connecticut | 4 bedrooms, 3½ baths A 70-year-old, 3,000-square-foot house, gut-renovated in 2018, that has an open kitchen with stainless-steel appliances and a master bedroom with a vaulted ceiling, on a fifth of an acre.
Why do the United States Chamber of Commerce and immigrant advocacy organizations believe the status should be extended?
“But in barring the media from reporting, things may get more chaotic.” The directive didn’t appear to affect run-of-mill daily coverage of economic data, which could still be widely found online in China on Friday.
The production of Edmond Rostand’s canonical 19th-century comedy, which enjoyed a well-attended two-day run early last month, was the work of Rehabilitation Through the Arts , a 20-year- old organization that operates in prisons across New York State.
If I drank now, could I pause my life again?
“That’s the selling point,” Mr. Athos said.
I wrote about it for The Times this week.
It’s like having a seat belt.”
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
Go deeper: The conflict has pushed millions to the brink of starvation.
Congress has asked the Government Accountability Office, its investigative arm, to review the workplace complaints raised by air marshals, said Charles Young, a spokesman for the office.
• The most polluted capital It’s not Beijing or New Delhi, but Ulan Bator, Mongolia .
For example, coral reefs — which are a coastal habitat — cover less than one-tenth of one percent of the ocean floor, but are home to 25 percent of all marine species.
Whatever it takes to get a solution.” If you haven’t read this op-ed in The Times by Steve Israel , a former member of Congress, please do.
There is no true compensation for such acts.
Just about everyone thought Mr. Zuckerberg was still the right man for the job, if not the only man for the job.
Ms. Sorden said that downward shift was a result of lower scores in the fifth grade, the class that was in second grade when the new school began.
Why do we consider it negotiable?
I’m deeply curious about how we achieve real change that actually betters people’s lives.
Jean and his difficulties with his faraway partner (Maria Valverde) get most of the attention, but there are clichés to go around.
His focus was on so-called “evidence-based treatment,” in which professionals took a scientific approach to treatment in contrast to the punitive and moralistic approach that prevailed in the early days.
Instead, it found that Mr. Lee, deeply fed up with both the North and South Korean governments, wanted to resettle in a third country.
Kelly looked down from the second-story window to find a gaggle of teenagers, including her nephew, scrambling for cover.
The coat that looked so impressive at first glance now appears to engulf him, a small man in a big costume.
Mr. Bannon then contacted Mr. Stone directly, asking for insight into Mr. Assange’s plan.
Where to watch: Netflix , Amazon , Google Play , iTunes , YouTube , Vudu Black Panther — the alter ego of T’Challa, king of the fictional African nation of Wakanda — made his debut in a 1966 issue of “Fantastic Four,” becoming the first superhero of African descent to show up in a mainstream comic book.
At one point, Mr. Moonves chatted with Ms. LaRue, she recalled.
For all its rigor and layered intricacies, the music is rapturous.
It will also include other writers, from both The Times and beyond, and newsmakers.
And when Mr. McGregor collapsed onscreen, she tried to reassure her son.
When colleagues discovered them, they were taken to a nearby hospital and then flown to a larger hospital in El Paso, where Mr. Martinez died the next day.
It’s no surprise that the men who’ve taken so much from their country assumed they could take its beauty queens, too.
In contrast, the rules for the 3-point competition, which began in 1986, have stayed largely the same.
If escape is not an option, you should hide, although Dr. Blair prefers to use the more active term “deny access” rather than what he calls “hide and hope.” Dart into a room, closet, anywhere there is a door to lock, or at least to close and barricade.
Is the public library obsolete?
Most of the officers didn’t speak Spanish, which made it hard to communicate.
As investments and costs have increased, losses grew to $68 million in the first half of 2018, compared with $29 million a year earlier.
But intelligence and law enforcement officials argued that it was unnecessary, and dangerous, to limit security officials from being able to freely gain access to information the government already possessed.
And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com .
Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.
Panic and confusion erupted in Central Park on Saturday night after a loud noise frightened concertgoers at the Global Citizen Festival , with some people erroneously attributing the sound to gunshots.
Raphael Bousso of the University of California, Berkeley, who worked with him, said in an email interview that Dr. Polchinski “ranks among the greatest theorists of the last half-century.” Joseph Gerard Polchinski Jr. was born in White Plains on May 16, 1954, the eldest of two children.
Robert Jay Mathews was the leader of The Order, a highly skilled white terrorist group that carried out major armed robberies and assassinations, including the 1984 assassination of a Jewish talk show host in Denver.
Mr. Kudlow’s arrival in Washington could cause similar anxiety.
Trained as an economist, she grew up in Glostrup, a suburb of Copenhagen, the daughter of two Lutheran ministers.
And still another sleight of hand is the kind Vincente Minnelli pulls off in “Yolanda and the Thief” (on Dec. 29 and Jan. 1), transforming a musical without memorable songs into a wonder of Technicolor staging.
investigation of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election.
The plan gradually extended to include the Mideast, Europe and eastern Africa, with Beijing promising hundreds of billions of dollars of investment in highways, rail lines, ports, power stations and other infrastructure, much of it through loans from Chinese state-owned banks.
In a briefing with reporters, she said that the files had been removed by the White House medical unit as part of a standard transition procedure.
“It’s a lot,” Mr. Turteltaub says.
It occurred to me, after she was gone, that over the four years I’ve spent covering her case, this was the first time I’d spoken to her directly.
He said that he wanted to negotiate an end to so-called chain migration, but said he would work to allow nuclear families to stay together.
A statement by Ms. Swetnick painted a similar portrait of the two young men as “attached to the hip” in high school and made allegations of parties where women were drugged and “gang raped.” Ms. Swetnick has not been interviewed by journalists or offered corroboration of her account.
The bike ride, which includes a ferry ride to and from the newish location in Jersey City, should take at least four hours (but most likely several more, depending on where you live), so start by noon if you want to finish before nightfall.
Aaron Burr Cider Its “locational ciders” are wonderful, as are the blends of cider with traminette wine or elderberry wine, $15 to $22.
The pretty-boy pugnaciousness Mr. Pearce displayed in “L.A.
Look through the images shown in “ The Joy of Reading Between Agnes Martin’s Lines ” and analyze her use of color value.
In the moments when I needed to feel alone alone, I stared at the horizon.
Another time she had threatened to jump out a window.
And oil is not the only resource helping to drive Ghana’s economy.
It’s not likely to displace denim in the hearts and minds of most men’s wear designers.
Democrats appeared poised to recapture control of the House and governors’ mansions in key Midwestern states, but Republicans were confident they would hold onto their razor-thin 51-to-49 majority in the Senate and possibly even build on it.
Others have prompted a string of complaints, including long lines, delayed counts and, in 2016, the release of early voting results before the polls had closed.
Hall of Fame Inductee.” “45th President of the United States.” For decades, Ms. McMahon’s on-camera work had been limited but memorable.
By then the disease, also called infantile paralysis, had made walking without crutches impossible for her.
The Nationals tried everything to eke out a run.
But the proliferation of these data sets has made it easier to identify some of the millions of individuals whose information was collected.
Indeed, at this stage of the story, gay sex was still a crime in Britain.
Several observers picked Lovren and his teammates out as possible dark horses, the class of their midfield, of Modric and Ivan Rakitic, and the battle-scarred industry of Mario Mandzukic a clear threat to anyone who should cross their path.
“But in some ways, the friendship makes it easier, because there’s a foundation of trust there, and they know there’s good will on your part.” See?
But Mr. Trump’s sympathies lie with those like Mr. Johnson and Nigel Farage, former leader of the pro-Brexit U.K.
With so much to see, here are some of the threads I saw running throughout the fair.
In so doing, he deliberately fosters economic nationalism.
The United States, the South’s key ally, views the overture with deep suspicion.
The police have not put a price on the haul, saying that the items vary in monetary value but that their “cultural significance is priceless.” The police said the thieves fled in a dark sport utility vehicle.
Yet there was no telling then that Turner would also be a consistent force in the postseason, with few historical peers.
— Michael Roston , senior staff editor, Science _____ From Lifehacker : Pick up other people’s litter?
The reassuring comments calmed markets and raised hopes that Mr. Mnuchin, one of President Trump’s most enduring and trusted advisers, was winning the internal trade battle that has gripped the White House.
Maybe it doesn’t have to.
Her activists — for indeed, these were activists building a grass-roots movement — consolidated power in the aftermath of the Vietnam War.
“There’s that sweet spot of when your technique and artistry meet, and I feel like that’s happening, “ she continued.
I felt on my watch, if he’s happy, I’ll keep him running.
Europe could undertake the provocative step of instructing state-owned banks and energy companies — which are largely insulated from American penalties — to do business with Iran.
Mice will never be people, of course, so we cannot say whether the results of this and any follow-up experiments would directly apply to us, Dr. Lark says.
Mr. Lubovitch’s passion for movement was awakened during his freshman year at the University of Iowa, where had enrolled as an aspiring gymnast and art student.
He stressed that his Facebook app collected messages only from a “couple thousand” people who completed his questionnaire, not from their friends.
Look, for starters, at the sense of physical loneliness and intimacy — on a cosmic scale, no less — that define Marianne Elliott’s production of “Angels in America.” And of course we have the sardonic, clarion voice of Tina Fey, one of the most seductive and smartest comic voices in America, in her script for “Mean Girls.” GREEN The key is getting producers to take more chances on material written by women.
15D: We knew by the ?
(The police have so far held two Senegalese men, a Nigerian and a Ghanaian in connection with Ms. Mariottini’s death.)
To the Editor: I was elated to read “ The Fruit Juice Delusion ” (Sunday Review, July 8), in which Erika R. Cheng, Lauren G. Fiechtner and Aaron E. Carroll, professors of pediatrics, finally debunk fruit juice’s long-undeserved health halo.
Following those examples, Mr. Trump should support establishing a transparent mechanism to determine reasonable prices for innovative medicines that are based on the lives and health care costs they save, and then work with government programs and insurance companies to achieve them.
The philosopher Martha Nussbaum invokes Aristotle’s definition of anger as “a response to a significant damage” that “contains within itself a hope for payback” to argue that anger is not only “a stupid way to run one’s life” but also a corrosive public force, predicated on the false belief that payback can redress the wrongdoing that inspired it.
As the climate of fear prevails, growing self-censorship follows.
It is a fair question, especially because the Yankees do not have an experienced bench coach alongside him, either — Josh Bard, Boone’s former teammate in Cleveland, had also never been a manager or a bench coach before stepping into the role this year.
When I was 18, I moved to Italy to attend an American liberal arts college .
Both Disney and Comcast are willing to divest the regional sports networks should the government require.
Shipping unions also warned that the decisions by Malta and Italy to refuse migrants the right to land on their shores puts the crews of other ships in a difficult situation.
Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Even if the Army dug up the graves and put them on another piece of land on the side of the freeway, that’s still where I’d want to be buried.
The promise of jobs and the myth of the white working class as the only people struggling in this country, which animates so much of our present political moment, are right there, in this sitcom.
Karp has devoted his entire career to babies, so it came as a surprise to learn that he has never raised one of his own.
Straight-A students also miss out socially.
But an entity with such enormous power over online expression should do even more to listen to its users about what kinds of expression are allowed, and its users should be ready to be heard.
LeBron James is playing aggressively on offense, clearly with the thought that he must take over the game for his team to win, but Rodney Hood has been an incredible Robin to James’s Batman in this half, and that two-man team is making a Cleveland win seem possible.
Two plays that appeared to be Michigan touchdowns were negated after video reviews by officials.
And Quixote was a dreamy romantic, who loved books too much and hurt no one but himself.
Hailing mainly from rural West Virginia, the men cycle in and out of Jacob’s Ladder, a farming-based rehab clinic founded by the warmly empathetic Dr. Kevin Blankenship, a specialist in critical care.
Party Six As Party Five would essentially be the Trumpist party, it seems likely that an anti-Trump party of the right would arise, committed to free trade and somewhat more modern attitudes toward, oh, race and the Constitution, for starters.
Ideally, your boss will realize, without being bluntly informed, that this situation might trouble you, and will promptly set you at ease.
“She was like, ‘I’d really like you to meet my sister,’” said Mr. McKay, 61, a divorced father of four grown children who also has four grandchildren.
Those problems could be summed up as the triumph of industrialism and industrial values over the lives of living creatures, and over the life of the living world.
Bowing to the president’s demands could be seen internally as weakness, and the changes that the administration wants — reducing China’s dominance in cutting-edge manufacturing and technology — is not something Beijing is likely to agree to.
Mr. Naqvi’s fund-raising mantra is: If you want to do good and reap rich, private-equity style returns, invest in Abraaj funds.
Then the lights went out.
This week on Modern Love: the Podcast, the actor and rapper Awkwafina reads “ Single Woman Seeking Manwich ,” an essay about the often dismal online dating scene and the strange war stories it produces.
[ New York Times ] • Guy V. Molinari, the longtime Republican kingpin of Staten Island, has died.
Mr. Harder’s lead had grown over the last week, and the latest update on Tuesday night showed him 4,919 votes ahead, a margin that Mr. Denham would not be able to make up.
In our ideologically diverse world, it’s impossible for any single news distributor to fact-check and rank the news with complete objectivity.
• Three big companies announced their tax-related employee and philanthropic initatives.
The ranch consisted of 11 acres, a mobile home similar to their own and a newly deepened well.
Several advisers have suggested he might talk more about foreign policy, including his position that the United States should stop supporting Saudi Arabia in the war in Yemen.
They put “ BoJack Horseman ” at No.
Years later, I read Jonathan Shay’s book “Achilles in Vietnam” and immediately understood the concept of moral injury.
Rooting for each other, even.
Turkey’s central bank lifted interest rates sharply Wednesday, an emergency measure aimed at stopping the riptide of capital pouring out of the country in recent days.
It’s not hard to presume that the business owners were happy to do Mr. Orban and his party, Fidesz, a little favor, especially since their news outlets depended on government advertising and were making little money.
Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com .
Of the cloud hanging over the Saudi government, which is accused of orchestrating the killing of a prominent dissident, he said, “I don’t think it represents SoftBank or us.”
We have to get as much information as we can, and it’s a race against the clock.
She said, ‘What do you want?’ ” When Mr. Perlstein told her, she invited him inside.
His parents did not defect, as did Li, but arrived on his father’s student visa.
The company has struggled to balance its belief in free speech with those concerns, particularly in countries where access to the internet is relatively new and there are limited mainstream news sources to counter social media rumors.
The beach has been eroding for years, a problem worsened by Superstorm Sandy, which killed 44 people in New York City and devastated the Rockaway coastline.
And if there are any doubts about the beauty of rapprochement, the bureaucrats should consider what happened shortly after the Davis Cup final ended.
The city wants to continue to attract entrepreneurial immigrants and other skilled people.
Like, “Was all of this worth it?” RHYS These two were plucked at an incredibly early age to do this.
The case resulted in a confidential settlement and “the termination and/or discipline of certain parties at Boomtown Casino,” a company spokesman said in an email.
The tit-for-tat between the cabinet secretary and the congressman quickly escalated into partisan warfare.
What is the job really like?
Martina Fietz, a spokeswoman for the German government, said in a statement Tuesday that it was important for the European Union to continue talks with the United States and “develop a trade agenda that is in the interests of both sides.” Peter Altmaier, the German economics minister, went further.
She was working her first trade show at the time and had her mother swoop up almost everything on display and cart it over to Silvercup Studios in Queens.
Her father, Narciso Ramos, was a lawmaker and diplomat who served as foreign secretary in the 1960s under Ferdinand Marcos, Shahani’s second cousin.
On Monday, the two finally met at Gracie Mansion to discuss Mr. Esposito’s fate.
Only days earlier Mr. Pence insisted there would be no talks until the North made concessions, including taking steps to give up its nuclear weapons.
We were part of a worldwide youth movement, and we really thought we were the future.
was made up of Democrats.
“I am so happy!” said Kamon Chanthapun, an adviser to the team.
“It’s evidence that ‘I’ve been there.’ ” In October 2014, the American megastars Jay-Z and Beyoncé, and their daughter Blue Ivy, had the privilege of visiting the Louvre on their own.
Hungary: At least four lawmakers were assaulted after they visited the headquarter of the state news media in Budapest.
It’s a terrible responsibility, hard even to imagine until you’re asked to carry it out, as we were.
This is imperative, and we must do better.” Robert F. Lasky, the special agent in charge of the F.B.I.
The surge of inflammation puts the rest of the body at risk of dehydration, in a sense, from the inside out.
These flavored tobacco products are clearly targeting teenagers and kids, not adults.
You don’t want to get caught out there looking crazy.” Fendi Tote “It’s a blue leather Fendi tote, and I think it’s called the ‘Monster Bag.’ My agent, Nancy, got it for me because it has eyes on it, and when you unzip the zipper on front, the inside is red, so it looks like a mouth.
Hours later and 15 miles away, rain was in the forecast as night fell upon Base Camp Donna.
The solar industry has been split over the tariffs; companies that develop large-scale solar farms, as well as purchasers of solar power such as retailers and tech companies, opposed the tariffs over concerns that they would cost them more money and make solar power less competitive with other energy sources, at least in the short term.
The W article ended up offering an “opportunity to participate,” he said, in a way he hadn't before, even if it was one he hadn't necessarily sought or anticipated.
On Thursday, the group arrived to check that this had happened, or to do it themselves if necessary.
“What makes Pitti relevant is that they leave room for that core tailoring consumer, but they’re also moving on.’’ Although old enough at 57 to be a granddad, Mr. Wooster saw in the Triple S sneakers he bought this year not a dad shoe (one that, weighing seven pounds a pair, might give dad a hernia) but an object whose every dimension was fastidiously designed.
Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device : Via Apple Podcasts | Via RadioPublic | Via Stitcher Days after the release of the tell-all book “Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House,” President Trump defended his mental health, calling himself a “very stable genius.” And Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s former chief strategist, backed away from calling Donald Trump Jr. “treasonous.” Why did a publication with little new reporting in it cause such a stir?
Ron Conway, a revered investor in Silicon Valley, has for years been investing in gun companies employing new technology, and has seen little success.
Mrs. Obama drew criticism for the price tag of her solo trips, including the $424,000 that, according to one analysi s, it cost taxpayers for her and her entourage to travel to Africa in 2011.
The vaccine carries some risks, but they are far rarer than the risks of the disease itself, Dr. Cetron said.
Outfitters of trips that are one week or longer use food as a prism for exploring culture.
Most of that growth, however, comes not from women who now identify as Democrats, but those who find themselves leaning toward the party, according to Pew.
Or should they marry and say buh-bye to city life as Hannah longs to do?
Mr. Carter, a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master, is probably jazz’s pre-eminent living bassist, having lent his powerful but elastic sound to more than 2,000 sessions.
“I was just rapping as a pastime and I became good at it,” he said.
I love that she has faux snakeskin boots.” Yet all that flair is eclipsed at times by the movie’s formidable setting, a 20,000-square-foot Palm Beach modernist home where the heroically endowed Parr family — Helen (Elastigirl), Bob (Mr.
Whoever figures out how to persuade them that they have a secure economic future is likely to have a good night.
She is a daughter of Diane W. Redding of Summit, N.J., and John G. Stathis of Morristown, N.J. Mr. Tsao, 34, is a vice president for brand communications in the New York office of PMK-BNC, a marketing and public relations agency.
The housing authority, however, suffers from year-upon-year disinvestment by federal authorities, and a long-term cultural shift in American support since the days when Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia presided over the creation of the city’s housing authority in 1934.
Similarly repetitive is a scene in which the father of David Madson, the Minneapolis architect whom Cunanan forced to flee home before he killed him, communicates his anguish in a TV interview.
We woke to complete darkness, smoke blocking out the sun and dropping Chico’s temperature 30 degrees.
“Russia’s response was not unanticipated, and the United States will deal with it.” In a sign that Russia’s political elite still retains hope that President Trump wants to take a softer line on Moscow, Vladimir Dzhabarov, deputy chairman of the international affairs committee in Russia’s upper house of Parliament, told the Interfax news agency on Thursday that Mr. Trump had been forced to expel Russian diplomats on Monday under “pressure” from unidentified foes of the Kremlin who were angry that he had congratulated Mr. Putin.
On a clear moonless night in a tiny motorboat on his way to this summer retreat, sensing something special about the moment, he turned off the running lights and engine, lay down on his back to take in the ocean of stars, and let himself go.
Their filing appears to be the first time that tech employees have led their own shareholder proposal, according to activist investors.
The study will analyze their experiences, their personal techniques to manage distress, and the distinctive characteristics of the Hearing Voices groups that account for their effectiveness.
But he soon focused more on social and cultural subjects, including Eastern-bloc beauty contests and postwar bar mitzvahs in Poland, movie sets and art, including the masterpieces for the book “The Louvre: All the Paintings” (2011).
By the end of the day, it feels like we’ve been worn down.
( Verge ) • Kanye West met with President Trump.
On Dec. 7, 1993, I traveled home on an evening train.
But Rhode Island was better than Oklahoma in a tightly contested opener to the N.C.A.A.
“Will you look at that!” Mr. Hughes said, pleasantly surprised.
The next regional president of Catalonia, he said, would be “the one elected by the lawmakers of this chamber, not the one decided by a court or a minister 600 kilometers away” in Madrid.
Every writer has their little tricks to uncork themselves when they’re feeling stuck.
No one has created more stunning new projects in Miami than the Swiss architects Herzog & De Meuron .
But we had word that a wooden skiff crammed with 36 Rohingya was chugging its way past the camber of Myanmar, along the isthmus of Thailand, to Malaysia.
There’s an old saying that justice delayed is justice denied.” Mr. Rosenstein pushed back, saying that Mr. Mueller was moving “as expeditiously as possible” to conclude his work and that the investigation had not actually gone on that long, given its mandate.
The takeaway seems to be: “Here’s a cool new place to eat.” Not: “Hot diggety, this is a massive advancement for Korean food in Australia!” That casual enthusiasm has not translated to an influx of customers.
According to the city, after the inspector confiscated the food, volunteers threatened to take it back out of the trash bags and serve it, so that was why she poured bleach on it.
As long as we in newspapering can just stay fourth it’s O.K.
The article explained that some female members of the group, who called themselves “masters,” had initiated other women, calling themselves “slaves,” into a ritual of sisterhood at homes in and around Clifton Park, near Albany.
[ Kara Swisher answered your questions about her column on Twitter.
There were planned protests outside the convention center that garnered hundreds of R.S.V.P.s on Facebook, but in a state where guns are welcomed virtually anywhere, from churches to colleges, the numbers didn’t meet expectations.
He later worked as a bodyguard to Raúl Castro.
Do You Have Good Manners?
718-643-6510 , thebellhouseny.com ‘THE UNEMPLOYED SHOW’ at Littlefield (Feb. 18, 8 p.m.).
Our categories include big themes like: God, Greek Roots, Shakespeare, the American Idea, Markets, American Fiction, a Humanistic Perspective on Science, etc.
“It was a big misunderstanding.
He was on the bench when the new term opened three days after his speech, went on to serve for 34 years, one of the longest Supreme Court tenures, before retiring in 1971 at the age of 85.
A better picture from the loss of the 50 percent entertainment deduction may not emerge until at least next spring, when businesses prepare their taxes.
The students also had an astonishing victory when Florida, which has been a laboratory for N.R.A.-backed laws like Stand Your Ground, passed its first gun safety law in years .
Jerry Brown a $200 billion state budget on Thursday, using revenue from a rosy economy to build $16 billion in reserves and steer hundreds of millions of dollars in new funding to universities and programs for the homeless.
At times it seemed to be almost mocking postpartum depression.
She did not say where he died.
money list with a pair of runner-up results.
“Yes, yes, I know,” Ms. Sinh said, her voice wavering a bit but still firm.
This is the building that Mr. Posokhin moved into as a boy.
Afghan forces blocked the areas where the militants were holed up, even using helicopters to target them.
Ms. Brennan-Jobs told me that she gave Ms. Powell Jobs “the best line” in the book.
“I spent hours every single day looking for her.“ Ms. Petruska located Evy and after an evening of coaxing returned a day later and grabbed the cat by the scruff of the neck.
Mr. Schmoke recused himself from matters involving DeVry, according to the department.
• Learn the basics of fencing at Bryant Park in Midtown.
Almost by default, then, they are forced to enter the fight.
Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
But I’m already looking — and listening — beyond the noise to the night and to the possibilities that loom, again.
The separate events held on her trip through Europe with Mr. Trump earlier this month?
Voters also renominated Senator John Barrasso, a 15-year Republican veteran of Wyoming politics, who easily survived after adapting his low-key style of politics to fit with the Trump era.
BOSTON — Representative John Lewis helped change America as a passionate civil rights activist before his tenure in Congress, but Saturday afternoon, inside the brick-lined walls of Twelfth Baptist Church, the Georgia lawmaker made a rare case for traditionalism and seniority.
But the memory book was different.
Juventus started a women’s professional team last year, and in March, Manchester United announced plans to create its first one .
But almost as quickly, the soft-spoken Ms. Nuam San recalled how hard life was in her village, Tedim.
I will just kill myself, a sacrifice for this country,” Mr. Hashimi said.
“These issues are very controversial.
Prabal Gurung’s collection was heavy on suits in divergent vertical halves, wearable schisms in kaleidoscopic colors.
This is how published writers think, so when we help students get their words into the world we are more closely approximating the moves of published writers.
Today, the physical book club is still intimate, averaging around 30 people, but the community has grown substantially in other spaces.
But as industries like wind and solar have expanded, they’ve acquired significant political clout.
The provision gives sellers 90 days to identify and pay royalties to artists, not the California Arts Council.
I struggle to accept the terrible truth, which is that many of my fellow Jews in France are feeling today those early warning tremors of disaster felt by French Jews in the early 1900s and the 1930s.
Not to say it wasn’t risky.
In 1983, it was unusual to have a rap number in a Broadway musical; today we have “Hamilton.” I like today better.
Some people profit from the misery of others, hiking food prices or buying land at fire-sale prices.
Ms. Pellegrino Waldman said Philadelphia police officers had arrested her and taken her to a police station, where she was held for 18 hours before posting bail.
Since President Trump wants to rip up the 2015 agreement, they’re trying to come up with a successor bargain to halt Iran’s ballistic missile program and permanently restrict its ability to produce nuclear fuel.
DAVETTA PARKER: He was like a leader.
It has strengthened the belief that vulnerable institutions can be hounded into submitting to the irascible (and unappeasable) demands of social media mobs.
Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination signals a disturbing shift in the historic role of the court.
The next day, Mr. Fraser posted the video in its entirety .
Last month, he changed the oil of one of his dream sports cars: Subaru’s WRX STI.
Day tickets:$25; students and seniors: $15.
“I’m sure I had seen him in passing,” she said.
“False, it’s just false,” Mr. de Blasio said when asked if he had telephoned Mr. Peters to pressure him to withhold a report.
To prevent similar dust-ups in the future, Scavino had another duty added to his portfolio: going to the early primary states to tend to the needs of the local kingmakers.
“They’re great e-sports to watch,” she said.
“You need to be in proximity to them,” Ms. Moore said, “so you can get the shock of their abilities and their humanness at the same time.”
In January, shortly after Trump’s inauguration, she approached McConnell to propose that they attach the ANWR provision to a bill that could not be filibustered, and thus would require only 50 votes to pass.
I am adapted, whether I like it or not, to a certain built environment, a certain sense of space, a certain social order.
He stayed in character between takes on the set.
I can go a week without watering and they are O.K.
Then came Tuesday night and a new nadir.
Roger Clegg, president and general counsel of the Center for Equal Opportunity, said that under the Obama administration, affirmative action morphed into “racial preference.” To extend legal protection to cover gender identity and sexual orientation, he said, is “simply not good law.” “The civil rights laws say and mean something different than what was interpreted by the Obama administration, and I think that will change,” Mr. Clegg said.
In last fall’s Communist Party congress, Mr. Xi even presented China as a new model for the developing world — a thinly veiled argument that the United States and Europe were no longer as attractive as they once were.
Days after President Trump said he wanted to pull the United States out of Syria , Syrian forces hit a suburb of Damascus with bombs that rescue workers said unleashed toxic gas.
In sum, with its restrictive abortion laws, generous family policy and otherwise modern economy, Ireland seems to have achieved or maintained some notable pro-life and pro-family goals without compromising women’s health or female opportunities relative to countries with abortion on demand.
Now, after two years of intensive design, Mr. Libeskind, the first architect to design a Swarovski star, has created a memorable piece : a 3-D, 900-pound architectural feat with 70 spikes and three million crystals with LED lighting spots that Mr. Libeskind said would emit rays so that the sculpture can be seen from all angles.
How did you approach it?
For now, that inquiry is at a standstill.
“She is brave, and bold,” Ms. Lerner said.
Dida was in the Brazil squad that claimed the 2002 World Cup, too.
“I don’t think a 36-year-old should be a favorite of a tournament,” Federer said before the Open began.
One morning last week I had to write to a young colleague in the environmental movement.
American metal producers in the Rust Belt, the energy sector and automakers are worried.
How did the Boivin starfish become one of the most celebrated jewelry designs of the 20th century?
“As for the thieves,” it decrees, “amputate their hands in recompense for what they committed.” The Saudis take that Quranic injunction literally and carry it out without any doubt.
Ms. Nwandu said seeing shows by writers with stronger knowledge about their African heritage inspires her.
“A Coupla White Chicks,” a two-hander about polar-opposite women who end up bonding — a template Mr. Noonan would use repeatedly — opened at the Astor Place Theater in the spring of 1980 with a stellar pairing: Susan Sarandon was Maude, “a no-nonsense, strait-laced WASP,” as Frank Rich’s review in The New York Times put it, and Eileen Brennan was Hannah Mae, “a vulgar, sexed-up émigré from Austin, Tex.” “John Ford Noonan, the author of the evening, does not have much of import to say,” Mr. Rich wrote, “but when Miss Sarandon and Miss Brennan talk, we listen.” The play, a comedy, ran for more than a year, the original stars giving way to other actresses, including Louise Lasser, JoBeth Williams, Susan Tyrrell, Anne Archer, Candy Clark and Carrie Snodgress.
In May 2013, the Russian government ordered an American Embassy official, identified as Ryan C. Fogle , to leave the country.
Conservatives — often male ones — like to argue that Title X improperly uses tax dollars to subsidize women’s sex lives, and that some forms of birth control can be obtained inexpensively.
Flight records indicate that Mr. Samia, 43, and Mr. Stillwell, 50, flew to Manila in January 2011, where, Mr.
Finally, online education in my industry is growing, and my colleague seems to be the first one in the door developing course content for all the schools; I suspect this will continue if the colleague is not stopped.
Another issue is that this article seems to be promoting B-12 shots without even mentioning any potential risks besides fluorescent-colored urine.
“On a political, cultural side, a movie like this has great timing,” Miguel said.
He made Mr. Velásquez and the commission one of his targets.
Representative Emmanuel Cleaver, Democrat of Missouri and a critic of Mr. Trump’s China tariffs, wrote three letters urging changes to the most recent tariff list, including the removal of gift bags imported by Hallmark and cement products imported by Demdaco, a home décor company.
In recent years, it has ranked among the top three schools in fund-raising, next to Harvard and Stanford.
Mr. Brunson, who had asked a court to free him on health grounds, was moved to house arrest last month after his initial detention 22 months ago on charges of aiding terrorist groups touched off a diplomatic dispute between the United States and Turkey.
By starting early, you’ll allow time for multiple discussions — and prevent your fiancé from feeling forced or rushed into something he or she doesn’t understand or agree with.
Boone said it could be a few weeks before Kahnle is able to return.
[ Learn more: Who is Harry Harris, Trump’s pick for ambassador to South Korea? ]
“We’re hearing from many, many customers that this is a very common problem,” Mr. Mulcahey said about mental issues preventing sleep.
Tilting the political map further, Mr. Bloomberg’s group is also financing ads in two other conservative-leaning suburban districts long viewed as relatively safe by Republicans: one held by Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler of Washington, the other a seat in the suburbs of Jacksonville, Fla., that former Representative Ron DeSantis vacated to run for governor.
Blue Apron, a meal kit service, went public and quickly fell faster than Pets.com.
On the other hand, Mr. Trump’s defenders said Mr. Gates’s credibility as a witness may be tainted by the fact that one of the charges he pleaded guilty to was lying to the F.B.I.
In the latest batch, the I.R.S.
Let’s consider the history of speedskating results.
She is a daughter of Purabi Sharma and Suresh C. Sharma of Saddle River, N.J.
Rather than describing their sense of futility, Kumarasamy folds the emotion into an image of birds pecking at newly planted seeds, so that “in the end, the garden looked more like a series of mousetraps.” Most of these stories are defined by contemplation rather than plot.
“You’re still seeing this trend where the price of flying is increasing at a lower rate than general income, so you have, every year, a huge number of people around the world who take their first plane trip,” Mr. Surry, of Hopper, said.
The first, the Variable Compensation Plan, is paid out each month.
There was no, “Yeah, we did that.” The lawlessness had charm.
212-255-2243, quadcinema.com ‘QUAI DES ORFÈVRES’ (April 13-19) and ‘LE CORBEAU’ (April 20-May 1) at Film Forum.
Disney’s final offer was made up of equal parts cash and stock — $35.7 billion in cash, 343 million shares — and Disney investors had to approve the issuing of those shares.
And, in fact, Gould grew to feel that his 1955 “Goldberg” recording was, he said in an interview near the end of his life, “just too fast for comfort.” In 1981, he had recorded the work again , with a still bracing but generally mellower approach.
Mr. Bird even throws in a line about strong women.
Instead we are ushered from one wildly disparate world to the next, from nostalgic reminiscences — the novel takes its title from a bittersweet reverie of a riverside picnic that was the request of a young Amar, to which Rafiq replies, “We can try … I might know a place for us” — to the nature and nuances of heritage, inheritance and familial bonds as well as the harsh realities of post-Sept. 11 xenophobia.
Now we’re back to Dink Stover’s era and the hot new ideology coming up is social Darwinism.
San Francisco, which already has the largest urban composting program in the country, hopes to become a model carbon-farming metropolis.
Henry Higgins will have to grow accustomed to a new face: the Tony-winning actress Laura Benanti is joining the cast of “ My Fair Lady ” as Eliza Doolittle.
and without interviewing all informed parties and gathering all relevant data, the Republicans chose to rally behind their president.
In a number of scenes, the characters are framed in doorways and hallways, the camera maintaining a distance that I suppose it wishes the viewer to take as discreet.
“They would say, ‘You have no jurisdiction over us.’ In the last few years, they are more helpful, especially in cases of child abuse.” But, in other matters, the company remains skittish, Mr. Pauli said.
No, according to a study of more than 19,000 people, including whites 70 and older, and blacks and Hispanics 65 and older.
You can sign up here to receive the newsletter each weekday.
It was my mother who raised me and my three siblings.
At a moment when living composers — especially women — struggle to get their works performed, few would have predicted that a half-hour TV show would emerge as a key showcase for their work.
“But other details are less accessible.” Conversely, experts suggest, there are scenarios in which someone could have committed an assault and yet also have almost no memory of it.
“These chairs are forever chairs in my mind,” she said.
On Sunday, the kingdom pushed back against Mr. Trump , who promised “severe punishment” if the Saudis were found to have been responsible for the disappearance.
— Mihir Zaveri White Kickers and Punters at Black Colleges Are a Thing : There are not many black kickers and punters in the country, even at the nation’s historically-black colleges and universities.
“Our decision does nothing to override Congress’s policy judgments.” The case was the court’s latest attempt to determine how far companies can go in insisting that disputes be resolved in individual arbitrations rather than in court.
Most of the volunteers had larger concentrations of these short-chain fatty acids in their intestines after exercise, along with the microbes that produce them.
The Karachi authorities have urged people to stay indoors this week and keep themselves hydrated.
Most conclude that an end to Nafta in itself would not severely harm the country’s economy, although it could chill international investment — but that Mr. Trump’s threatened 25 percent auto tariff would be disastrous.
Please don’t bring that up again.
We’re clearly not meant to worry about the niceties — legal, ethical, narrative — while watching “The Equalizer 2.” We are meant to watch, and to cheer.
When he became belligerent because I began writing, we left.
The image featured the film star Mary Pickford, not the filmmaker Alice Guy Blaché.
At the Beekman Hotel in downtown Manhattan last month, Ms. Shields, the model, actress and veteran of numberless interviews, was delivering but the latest in a series of canny performances.
Its most popular post was about an anti-rape device invented in South Africa, with the caption, “What do you think about this?” Many of the campaign’s posts were similar in tone to ones found in 2016, when the I.R.A.
Mr. Domingo, for his part, still has singing at the center of his life.
“No army in the world is immune against misbehavior in a handful of its elements.” Separatists in some areas, including the English-speaking city of Bamenda, have blocked roads by felling trees and destroying bridges in an attempt to thwart soldiers from what is expected to be a major offensive.
We’ve done that at times, but too often we haven’t done that, which has put us in this position.” Staal, a veteran of 12 seasons and almost 800 N.H.L.
I think it disrespects his wife.” But in general, Ms. Conway, usually the more public-facing of the duo, avoids commenting on her husband, telling friends that she does not jump into this fray because of how it would affect her children.
The book offers “many minor moments of quotidian grace and wit,” our critic Dwight Garner writes, and “it is always a pleasure to consume.” ADVICE FOR FUTURE CORPSES (AND THOSE WHO LOVE THEM): A Practical Perspective on Death and Dying , by Sallie Tisdale.
Mr. Houston took a year off after his sophomore year and started an SAT prep company called Accolade with his former high school teacher Andrew Crick.
Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is expected to frame the initiative as eliminating a regulatory burden on automakers that will result in more affordable vehicles for buyers.
After meetings in Kabul, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, he arrived in Qatar last Friday, where he met with a delegation of Taliban representatives, officials said.
While hugely embarrassing, my sibling’s conduct did not affect my own reputation.
That is one reason Winning for Women is determined to build donor networks and has already signed up about 270,000 members in this cycle, said its executive director, Rebecca Schuller.
“I wanted to see how Justice Kavanaugh would conduct himself on the bench on his first day,” she said.
Under normal circumstances, this might prompt public servants, seeing the exasperation of their constituents, to act or at least propose changes.
Without cellphones or evacuation helicopters, Mr. Selby had to be the doctor, mechanic, chauffeur, gin-rummy-and-drinking partner and universal guide, knowledgeable about mountain ranges, grassy plains, rivers, jungles, hunting laws, migratory patterns, and the Bushmen, Masai, Samburu, Dinka and Zulu tribes.
Alabama (9-0) failed to improve in The Associated Press poll because it can’t.
What to do with the money?
India is home to a raft of start-ups in e-commerce, mobile apps and other consumer internet businesses.
In January 2018, Ms. Schumer eagerly suggested a picnic on Georgica Beach in East Hampton, N.Y., in 34-degree weather, to which she took along champagne and a sandwich of fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on a homemade bun from Paisanos Butcher Shop in Brooklyn.
At The Times, I started as a reporter in the business section and have also been a Times Magazine staff writer, the Washington bureau chief and the founding editor of The Upshot.
It reached its cultural zenith, however, in the George H.W.
In Florida, for instance, a battle is being waged to challenge a law that prohibits college and university buildings from being used for early voting.
He is also being investigated over an alleged back-room deal with the publisher of Israel’s leading newspaper.
But even if the fate of your neighborhood isn’t at stake, other people’s tastes can leave you anxious and frustrated.
“Financial institutions should also be aware of possible Iranian abuses of virtual currency and precious metals to evade sanctions and gain access to the international financial system and to conceal their nefarious actions,” the Treasury Department said in its announcement on Thursday.
But what is troubling is the large gap between commonplace perceptions of falsity and actual falsity.
You can get the briefing delivered to your inbox Sunday through Friday.
Mr. Akhmetov — whose holding company, DTEK, controlled a significant share of his country’s coal, gas and electrical supplies — bristled at reform efforts being undertaken by the new government, which promised a “de-oligarchization” of the economy .
[ New York Times ] • A youth basketball program in Brooklyn called the Flames has a history of facing down racism and street violence.
At least two people said their friends had told them that they had called the police after seeing militants arrive, but that they had received no response.
Everything temporary always looks permanent.
This is similar to a well-known phenomenon in clams and related creatures: When these mollusks want to clam up, they lock the muscles that open and close their shells by altering the chemistry of certain muscle proteins.
comes at a crucial time in the development of the technology and just as the lead long enjoyed by the United States has started to dwindle.
Hammons “couldn’t stand it,” Cannon says.
Она впервые улыбнулась: «Нынче я читаю их моим внукам».
Without good preparation, he said, “it’s very difficult to map a way forward.” Early on Monday, Mr. Tillerson spent several hours in Ndjamena, Chad, where he insisted that the people of Chad were “welcome in the United States.” He said that Chad’s efforts to strengthen its passport controls and increase information sharing may result in its removal from the travel ban.
Federal assistance has grown all over the U.S., but particularly in Appalachia and the South, where many people now get more than a third of their income from the government.
Companies like PicketFencer and NeighborhoodScout offer services that play destination matchmaker for these newcomers.
So what can the concerned citizen do about the decay in our public life?
“This is a circus,’’ Thomas seethed in 1991.
But he stands for this country,” Roni said.
His family name, including a smattering of mentions of his father, former Gov.
Her mother died in a car accident in 1939.
In 2015, philanthropic support for marine conservation was $399 million — roughly double what it was in 2010.
These men have gotten themselves into trouble, and they think they can write and joke and perform themselves out of the mess.
“The political elites, to protect themselves, attracted their ethnic tribes around them.” Mr. Kenyatta brokered land deals that benefited his fellow Kikuyus, and his own family.
The Supreme Court’s brief order gave no reasons and did not note any dissenting votes.
Mr. Moonves has the right to challenge the board’s decision in a confidential arbitration proceeding, and he could also sue for breach of contract.
Part of their success is keeping a humble and people-friendly image, said Henk te Velde, a history professor at Leiden University, the king’s alma mater.
The areas run by the Kurds in Syria have long stood apart in the conflict.
And nobody has worked harder to demonstrate that the grapes from these vineyards could make world-class wines.
The low volatility and overvaluation in the stock market have lasted a long time and might do so until a catalyst arises.
Roughly 50 other people arrived on foot in a driving rainstorm, toting red five-gallon gasoline containers.
“You need to be ready to accept that’s going to be a tough match and fight for it.
“If you have a pro-life view you’re not welcome to share it or else you’re kicked out of this program.” Groups that support abortion rights suggested that conservatives had twisted the intent of the policy, but acknowledged that the wording was unclear.
In 2016, he played the role of the DNR Man in Mark Rylance’s play “Nice Fish,” produced by the American Repertory Theater.
She doesn’t dwell much on the fact that he hadn’t even let her know he was out of prison; instead she starts inviting him to wrestling matches.
Even the Earth’s five fearsome mass extinctions became opportunities for the biosphere’s creativity, driving new rounds of evolutionary experiments.
I think you gave me everything that I needed.
PETER CLOTHIER, LOS ANGELES To the Editor: It should come as no surprise that President Trump and Kim Jong-un would get on famously.
As for Mr. Semler, he has expanded his cycling habits to include travel to meetings and family outings.
The president, Petro O. Poroshenko, said in his speech to Parliament on Monday that martial law would begin Wednesday, but his official website said it had taken effect Monday.
Only after Louis Pasteur discovered the process of fermentation in the 19th century could people grasp that yeast was its cause, and that it was the responsible agent for transforming the sugar in fruit juice into alcohol, with a byproduct of carbon dioxide.
[ New York Times ] • Carl Beamon went to prison for trying to shove people onto subway tracks in 2001.
After my monthly bill tripled, I decided it was time for a new strategy.
A national minimum wage of $15?
The rabbit later became the symbol of the Playboy empire.
Many restaurants at Dallas/Fort Worth have multiple options for the wellness-minded traveler.
Every Saturday morning, my mother, Kerri and I drove to Kirsten’s apartment so that we could all run errands together.
In one 48-hour period this week, government strikes killed more than 100 people, mostly civilians, according to rescue and medical workers, in the besieged, rebel-held suburbs just east of the capital, Damascus.
But Congress never specifically approved military involvement in the Saudi-Houthi war even though the Constitution and the 1973 War Powers Act give lawmakers a role.
We’re on the same island but we’re split up.”
Ms. Paisley turned to writing in her late 30s, after losing one son in infancy and experiencing her own brush with death during the birth of another.
conspired to clear her of wrongdoing over her handling of classified information.
Though the flow of asylum seekers into Texas regularly goes up in the springtime, detentions this year were three times the levels seen in March of last year.
Buyers may sue to reclaim their money, but the asset that may be the most lucrative for recompense is the apartment, and that is out of reach.
“Quarles is for transparency when it serves financial institutions and not when it serves the public,” said Gregg Gelzinis, a research assistant at the left-leaning Center for American Progress.
“The Good Place” first presented itself as a sitcom with an intriguing yet simple premise: Eleanor (Kristen Bell), an irreverent saleswoman, dies and finds herself in a supposed heaven only to realize she has taken the place of a much more deserving Eleanor.
In America, college student loan defaults are a really big problem.
First we would hit Ho Chi Minh City, then spend two days at a beach resort near Nha Trang — nothing overly ambitious, just enough for my family to begin to understand the place that made me who I am.
Maybe I’m old-fashioned, but I thought that when our country comes under attack we retaliate.
Neck stuck high above the city, gazing down as the man stops along 102nd Street.
Then Trump rashly accepted the idea of a face-to-face meeting on June 12, without adequate preparations and apparently based on the delusion that North Korea would simply hand over its nuclear weapons.
In the case of a firearm for self-defense, the applicant must also formally declare why a gun is needed and have that argument approved by the police.
said that Mr. Ricketts was in the final stages of talks about accepting the position.
The cases featured an unusual element: Lawyers for the federal government appeared on both sides.
“Those bells are reminders of the gallantry and heroism of our forbearers who resisted the American colonizers and sacrificed their lives in the process,” Mr. Duterte said in his State of the Nation address last year.
After selling 300 million records in a career spanning five decades , Mr. John was deep in the final stages of preparation for his Farewell Yellow Brick Road, a three-year, five-continent outing that will be his retirement from touring.
Foreign policy, especially recently, has been about the opposite.
3 into the second act, while Roller’s stylized, partially abstracted scenery lent the story a timeless universality.
One pointed out that today’s successful movements, like Black Lives Matter and #MeToo, don’t have famous figureheads or centralized structures.
“It’s been a long drought since I broke one,” he said.
Too many taboos blunt and bury thought.
Over the past year, 42,757 Guatemalans traveling as families were either apprehended or otherwise stopped at the United States border with Mexico, according to Customs and Border Protection data.
This two-part episode is hosted by the journalist Ben Anderson.
Mr. Greitens, a Republican who was first elected governor in the 2016 race, already was facing a different felony charge, invasion of privacy.
Central and West featured ties at the top — the Chicago Cubs and the Milwaukee Brewers in the Central, and the Colorado Rockies and the Los Angeles Dodgers in the West — there was lots to be decided.
In a hotel on the other side of the country, I yelped and filled out the paperwork for her to hold them for me.
He tried to visit every single movie theater in Mexico City, often watching a double feature a day.
Ms. Prelas got on the phone with the gate agent and offered to pay for another ticket.
Scientists and engineers have been building and programming piano-playing robots for decades .
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Donald Trump cited my research prominently when making the case that unfair trade with China had grievously hurt workers in the United States.
Ms. Stathakis is the social media manager at Berns Communications Group in Murray Hill, while Ms. Witonsky is a social media assistant at Health magazine, in the financial district.
Likewise, no real evidence emerged in 2018 of a white base mobilized by attacks on immigrants.
One of the perks of my job is receiving complimentary tickets to various cultural events.
They just kept forgetting they’d already bought some.
Negotiators like Mr. Ross and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin have pushed China to agree to a package of purchases that would benefit American businesses and forestall the possibility of a trade war between the economies.
And it was quite straightforward back then.
and the Justice Department of abusing their surveillance powers to spy on a former Trump campaign adviser.
Several business groups, including pesticide makers and the National Association of Home Builders, recently expressed worry that Mr. Pruitt’s proposal was overly broad.
Mr. Haig’s lawyer repeatedly said at the news conference that his client had nothing to hide and that “the reason he opts to speak to the press today is basically to protect his reputation.” Mr. Haig’s lawyers did not immediately respond to phone calls seeking further comment.
“He’s the heart and soul of this organization.
The school was arranged in “families,” with staff members designated as “Mom” and “Dad” and their “children,” the students, eating meals together before retiring to bunk beds in trailers, separate for boys and girls.
“At the WTA, we have had both male and female C.E.O.s, and most of the leadership positions within the WTA staff are women.” O’Brien cited Anne Worcester, a former chief executive of the WTA Tour who is now the tournament director of the Connecticut Open, a WTA event in New Haven, as an inspiration.
Inside the packed courtrooms, the robed lawyers stood 15 deep, mopping the sweat from their foreheads with folded handkerchiefs as they waited to present their cases.
“Every time I’m talking about something that’s not politics or Trump, it feels insignificant, like child’s play,” he says, calling the president “the single most reprehensible human being I’ve witnessed in real time.” Perhaps since President Trump prefers hiring good-looking people he has seen on TV on the Fox channel, Mr. Duchovny may be in line for a job.
The middle part of the year wasn’t that busy.
A word of warning: Bergman is properly focused on the narrow story of Israel’s targeted killings.
“Because you are Kenyan,” Mr. Liu explained, saying that all Kenyans, even the president, are “like a monkey.” Mr. Ochieng’ continued that Kenyans may have once been oppressed, but that they have been a free people since 1963.
O.K., so it turns out 50 Cent didn’t actually invest in Bitcoin .
A day that began to the ringing of church bells, sounded to alert Masaya’s citizens, ended with at least four dead and more than 30 injured, but the town remained defiant.
(They apprenticed with him for a year; he in turn had learned from a Shaker.)
Plenty of young evangelicals believe Mr. Trump has helped to achieve their biggest goals, like curbing abortion rights and advancing religious liberties.
But then I realized I could make it a left-right symmetric puzzle, and the grid worked nicely with just 72 words.
Ms. Espiner, the co-organizer, said her daughter would learn self-defense in future, and she hoped they would not be attending similar memorials together “in 30 years’ time.” As rain started to fall in central Auckland, and the vigil wound to a close, the crowd sang the hymn “Amazing Grace.” On stage, Ataahua Papa, another organizer, thanked those gathered for attending.
On Friday, the state said “No.” ] Section 4(e) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 prohibits the government from disenfranchising a voter “because of his inability to read, write, understand or interpret any matter in the English language” if that voter attended a school — in Puerto Rico, for example — “in which the predominant classroom language was other than English.” This provision was written specifically to protect the voting rights of Puerto Ricans, who are American citizens .
Other states — like Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon and Washington — are racing to catch up.
Taking a second run at the splashy theme-show extravaganza, the Met Breuer has greater success.
We found another set, but the deal fell through.
Adam is a Jehovah’s Witness, and blood transfusion runs counter to the religion’s tenets and his parents’ beliefs — and therefore his own.
Or, you could withhold rent as a way to demand a rent abatement.
Participants come and go with ease.
In the ensuing months, Mr. Tahlil continued to communicate with Mr. Moore, even sending him photographs of individuals involved in his abduction, identifying some of them and describing their roles, the complaint said.
Meanwhile, Mr. Icahn is said to have taken a stake in VMware .
Golden State’s hot start from 3-point range largely faded, but with Cleveland still struggling from the field (39.1 percent) the Warriors were able to maintain their lead by just taking what was given to them on offense and playing hard on defense, with big contributions from JaVale McGee, Draymond Green and Andre Iguodala.
He was free.”) Back on the outside, Michael resolves to continue his reading habit, applying for his first library card, checking out some books and declaring himself “happy.” But he owes people, and in this neighborhood promises and paybacks mean something.
“Okurrr!” added a few members of Cardi’s team, filling the room in the Carlyle Hotel with the sounds of an avian chorus.
Jennifer Johnson, a Brooklyn social worker, said she had contacted Citibank, her loan servicer at the time, in 2010 in an effort to get enrolled in public service loan forgiveness.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who accompanied Mr. Trump to Ohio, declined to comment on the market when he encountered reporters on Air Force One during the trip back to Washington and again on the tarmac after it landed.
Let the enemy feel the weight of everything you’ve got.” He also was escalating his use of air power.
We had drawings of the guests and the clothes , including a going-away hat shaped “like a soufflé.” And, finally, a television piece marveled at the BBC’s coverage and noted, “Thanks to videotape and jet airplanes, pictures of live quality were shown on North American screens only six to seven hours after the event had occurred in London.” The couple split after 16 years .
He has met frequently with employees and elected officials, and he has sat down with parents whose children have been removed from their family homes and placed in foster care.
“We saw Handel’s Messiah performed in Granada, Spain.
“There was a social structure we were supposed to follow, and we didn’t follow it.” So, 41 years of togetherness went by without a marriage license — until their accountant insisted.
“I think she was in the moment, and she was just trying to play each point, win each point, and I think this was the key for her.
These roles came with a lot of self-sacrifice and certainly a monkish devotion, since they effectively ended my dating prospects at the time, though a curly mullet didn’t help either.
Surely there have been greater offenses against him.
The remaining wild card in the race may be Preet Bharara, the former United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, who has not ruled out a run, though he would soon have to register to vote as a Democrat and begin gathering signatures if he planned to enter the party’s primary.
You got some tough people in those groups.
The magazine’s website now has more than 11 million unique monthly visitors and some 15 million followers on its social media platforms.
Turkish officials claimed the evidence had been fabricated by Gulenists, a movement banned in Turkey as a terrorist organization.
“People are nervous in this day and age,” he added.
There is ample evidence to the contrary, but the court’s legitimacy rests on public confidence that the court is not, in the end, a political institution.
With this unusual assortment, Mr. Frühauf has bolstered sales and kept people coming in, no mean feat in a place like Bad Sooden-Allendorf, population 8,500.
Mr. Luger is a New Mexico-based artist who was raised on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota.
Libraries not only lessen local inequality, as Mr. Klinenberg argues , but also alleviate national inequality through literary and technological connections beyond isolated communities.
However, there was one consistent theme — regardless of one’s score: Students took the test for the opportunity for a brighter future.
She is working on a memoir about swing dancing.
Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com .
This is, quite simply, a book everyone should read right now.
( Bloomberg ) • Carlos Ghosn said he was likely to step down as Renault’s C.E.O.
Alternatively, you could consider building a raised garden, taking care not to block any existing drains, and just leaving the slab as it is.
He also learned that Mr. Malek was rarely satisfied with his work, even after finishing what Mr. Esmail felt had been a perfect take.
While the songs face sorrows, they don’t capitulate to them.
Dr. Hu said the experiment, known as Pascal’s barrel, can be replicated nowadays with Tupperware.
“The Choice program has been a wreck,” said Senator Jon Tester of Montana, the top Democrat on the Senate committee.
“The country is very destroyed.
There’s no counterbalance you can use.” Mr. Vigdor conceded that a boom could be partly distorting his team’s findings.
“We appreciate your taking the time to express the thoughts outlined in the letter,” it read.
I had a lot of people with no experience, and they needed to get experience elsewhere because it was too much work.
The United States Supreme Court rules, on “national security” grounds, that due process is not required before expelling undocumented immigrants.
Harvard and the group suing it have presented sharply divergent views of what constitutes a fair admissions process.
Meryl is a great kid even though her mother has gone to live in a literal hole in the ground and changed her name to ValZorah and her latest stepmother flew the coop after Potsie disappeared.
That would be a monumental mistake in its own right, giving Iranian hard-liners the excuse to speed toward a breakout nuclear capacity, but without a united international coalition to oppose them or inspectors to expose them.
She is also a chair of the Joyce Theater’s Young Leaders Circle in New York.
Trump is exhausting our mental capacity for indignation.
Now, United States Border guards on the other side of the fence were so close the migrants could hear their laughter.
Without pressure from the top, it can be difficult to bring together all the different strands of intelligence collected across America’s spy agencies, and evaluate how to act on it.
Some of those evacuated have been sent to the Center for Brain Injury and Repair at the University of Pennsylvania, where researchers examined the cases from Cuba.
Do you recall discussing with Warhol how many portraits you were going to buy: two, four, six?
The bills stem from an earlier investigation into his political activity.
Most live in camps of makeshift plastic tents next to mosques, churches and government buildings.
This is a team that can win 5-2 and feel like it has been beaten, and a team that can lose 4-2 and feel like it has triumphed, all in the space of eight days.
Click here for the full story.
She had divorced Joel’s father three years earlier and was leading a quiet, uneventful life in the wake of a turbulent marriage.
“He was also incredibly patient with the children.” Mr. Lin was equally impressed.
What will happen if Congress cannot come up with a solution and the injunction against the DACA phaseout is lifted by the courts?
In her written dissent , she called the majority opinion “egregiously wrong.” In her oral statement, she said the upshot of the decision “will be huge under-enforcement of federal and state statutes designed to advance the well being of vulnerable workers.” Justice Ginsburg called on Congress to address the matter.
Perhaps because of this esteem, I tread lightly when cooking asparagus .
Trump’s mystique is irrevocably tarnished.
Still, Mr. Heitz, the prosecutor, said that the suspect had an extensive criminal record, with 27 convictions, mostly for robberies and assaults, in France, Germany and Switzerland.
To free up resources to address serious crime, the police announced they would stop investigating low-level crimes, including burglaries and assaults, where it was judged that there was little prospect of catching the culprit.
Written in 1941, while Hitler’s forces were devastating Leningrad in a siege that would last 900 days and take at least a million lives, the work practically screams, “This is a big statement!” And scream it did on Thursday at Geffen Hall, where Jaap van Zweden led the New York Philharmonic in a performance of the “Leningrad” that was intense and powerful — sometimes overly so.
“I am quite well aware that in assuming this position I shall evoke more ridicule than enthusiasm at the outset,” Woodhull wrote .
The prize was shared with Ronan Farrow of The New Yorker .
She has a variety of fun, sophisticated pieces.
Then he was a tech brat in a bow tie, who was cast out in the wilderness for his brashness.
February 1999 The Spades sold 56 percent of the company to Neiman Marcus, the high-end department store, for nearly $34 million.
Ahead was a fresh start for college, new horizons and whatnot.
He was a member of Reagan’s AIDS commission and helped develop the weekly presidential radio address when he agreed to carry Reagan’s Saturday noon broadcasts on the Mutual Broadcasting System, which was then owned by Amway.
program at Brooklyn College that has produced some of American theater’s most innovative playwrights, including Thomas Bradshaw and Annie Baker.
He carries with him a coin that reads, “memento mori,” to remind himself he can die any day.
Patterns and contrasting colors show up well, for instance.
director and vocal critic of Mr. Trump, was delivered Wednesday by a courier to CNN’s offices in Midtown Manhattan.
I didn’t need that kind of help, anyway, having grown up reading Clarke’s stories , in particular the novel “Childhood’s End” and the short story, “The Sentinel.” The last time I watched the movie (on VHS of all things on my tiny home television), was in 2000, on the eve of its eponymous year.
He is a Labrador retriever, not a golden Labrador.
Some high-net-worth individuals, including some who work in the tech sector, have been extraordinarily generous in supporting our public schools, hospitals and communities.
This masterly director of 22 films, pioneer of the complex crane maneuver, of tracking shots to give any in “Taxi Driver” a breathtaking run for its money: her epic, rebarbative, wildly chaotic, furious, visionary films have earned her a revered place in the international — intergalactic — canon for her work of five decades.
The 36-year-old veteran Steven Nyman was also sidelined.
Both puzzles require you to have a sharp eye and the ability to mix things up.
Mr. Buck’s trial started in October.
1, in straight sets in the third round.
Gail: Fair on all counts.
And a recent report by the New York attorney general’s office found substantial risk that consumers who invested in cryptocurrency could lose access to it, either temporarily or permanently, if there were problems at their exchange.
“André is an important African-American cultural figure.
Her complaints about how those alleged actions affected the rollout (and subsequent chart position) of “Queen” — which she later brushed off as “sarcasm/dry humor” — were implicitly tied to Ms. Minaj’s broader belief that, as a female rapper, she has not fully gotten her due.
... We moved from place to place, imbibing the nectar of different cultures, much like the opalescent hummingbird.
“Welcome to the world of negotiating with the obstreperous North Koreans,” Mr. Cha said.
But the memories are fading.
It was clearly in a tussle with the sort of male-dominated music scene.
So far, they like what they see.
The same day, a public poll found Mr. James losing by 17 points to Senator Debbie Stabenow.
“My ideal is that people wouldn’t look at musicians while they’d hear my music,” he explains.
“The people don’t say where they got it from.
His denials add an additional element of uncertainty to his already risky decision to testify in the first place; in a spate of recent high-profile Albany corruption trials , Mr. Skelos is the first defendant to take the stand in his own defense.
Don’t bother trying to do this yourself.
At the higher levels, drug traffickers might buy the services of a very senior police officer, who in turn might then send payments downward, to individual officers.
“It’s not because I’m interested in promoting an empty bipartisanship.” He said that “yelling at each other” would only further erode civic institutions and not appeal to voters.
Ms. Veresova and the other women I photographed live in a world of very few men.
Everyone has something to manage, such as a medical diagnosis (for example, diabetes or attention deficit disorder) or a behavioral challenge (such as problems related to diet, sleep or substance use).
That was five years ago.
This artist was there when we needed him politically 30-plus years ago.
And then it spread across sectors to the women who are far more vulnerable — farm workers, office workers, restaurant workers, domestic workers.
On Thursday, Dr. Cross said not much had changed since that year, even after her residency training ended.
So we’re seeing trends coming back as soon as five years later.” But who can name a bona fide trend of five years ago, anyway?
So in backing Mr. Trump’s airstrikes without seeking prior approval from lawmakers, Mrs. May took a political risk, albeit one that should be manageable unless the conflict escalates.
Daniel has just been released from prison, after being framed by the police.
They need help, not platitudes.
You have to be about it.
It was a promotional gimmick that badly misfired, but the backlash has revealed deeper fault lines in Australian society.
Yet if one may reasonably dispute the novel’s implicit politics, there is no gainsaying the remarkable artistry and authority with which Powers, in this dazzling book, continues to impart his singular vision of our life and times.
“Now, we have mail bomb attacks and people are interested in their mail security.” He added, “What people are concerned about is disruption.” Robert Dodge, who oversees corporate risk services at security firm G4S, said he had seen an increase in mail screening among Silicon Valley’s technorati even before the recent pipe bomb threats.
Last week, Mr. Wickremesinghe flew to India to meet with his counterpart, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, hoping to smooth relations.
The Grizzlies’ interest stems from a desire to provide some frontcourt depth behind another former All-Star in Marc Gasol, who is having a resurgent season for Memphis.
And then there was the man who called to find out if there were vampires in Poland, “because a woman he met online asked what blood type he was before they met for their first date.” How did the office respond to all this?
Somehow these teenage girls survived.
And he doesn’t seem quite ready for retirement, either.
South Africa’s long-governing party, the African National Congress, proposed the land expropriation amendment because most South African farmland remains under white ownership more than 25 years after the end of apartheid.
It runs through 2023, the year he turns 41.
Compassion is replaced by a blind obedience to regulations.
(His latest, “The Heretic,” is about a trio of Jesuses, one of whom gets waterboarded because his message of love is too radical for Christian consumption.)
I put out some cherry tomatoes, spinach and a dish of water, just in case.
The departure of Tesla’s chief accounting officer, David Morton, may be particularly concerning for investors because of its unfortunate timing.
Those with multiple myeloma may be treated initially with combinations of three or four drugs that can reduce the risk of the disease worsening or of dying by 50 percent compared to earlier treatments.
Since his election, the relationship between Fox News and President Trump has only deepened, and both are reaping the benefits .
“As a citizen, I feel like this is a punishment we deserve, because if it didn’t hurt us and we don’t see it as a call to attention, we’re never going to change.” But Bustamante also spoke to another truth: he made his comments from an airport boarding gate, where he was about to board a flight to Madrid to cheer on Boca.
You left Martha and went to work for Susie Hilfiger at Best & Company.
What is one major misconception people have about it?
She was introduced as a mischievous teenager who enjoys playing tricks on her classmates.
Want future installments delivered to your inbox?
Sally Morgan Lehman and her husband, Jay Lehman, and their three young children were clearly outgrowing their two-bedroom Chelsea apartment.
Prosecutors also faltered when they argued that Ms. Salman had created an alibi for her husband the night of the shooting, telling Mr. Mateen’s mother that he was out to dinner with a friend identified only as Nemo.
Ms. Tatzkow says Mondrian never found out what had become of his paintings and believed all his works in German museums had been destroyed.
I do care what strangers think, but who doesn’t?
When he made a series of anti-Semitic jokes in his videos, some companies that had worked with him, like Nissan, severed their relationship.
I am on the board of a nonprofit organization that serves children of the working poor.
They unfurl like a lizard’s tongue — when the weather warms up the petals roll out, and when the weather’s cold, they roll back up, causing you to look closely.” Tulips , said Gennadyi Gurman, head of interpretation at the Queens Botanical Garden .
At 72 percent, Obama-to-nonvoters are also far more in favor of abortion rights than Obama-to-Trump voters are (55 percent).
He later helped relocate the Museum of the American Indian there from Upper Manhattan.
Our Alison Roman’s out this week with a recipe perfect for introducing lamb to those in your family or circle who claim not to like the meat — too gamy , they say, too fatty , too lamb-ish .
Mr. Johnson said he would approach land-use decisions by trying “to get to a place of yes”; that he wanted to take steps to “eradicate hunger in New York City”; and that he would deal with the prospect of tighter budgets — because of the new federal tax law or a potential economic downturn — by guarding funding for “programs and everyday things that affect the most New Yorkers and the poorest New Yorkers, to ensure that they don’t get cut.” He also said to “fully exercise its power,” the Council would need more people on its staff.
Holding them upright is also good, she said, and over all, “the most important message is keep changing the position.” Rocking and swinging may also help a baby enjoy different positions and appreciate movement.
Under President Xi Jinping, the Communist Party has imposed even tighter restrictions on any debate about Mao.
What they found has surprised and delighted him.
• Some experts suggested that Mr. Putin was bluffing, and American officials said that the nuclear cruise missile was not yet operational.
This week, another Republican F.C.C.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
A wheezy, nervous, rescued Chihuahua-Boston terrier mix named Ava Gardner clung to her lap as the actress, whose beauty still startles, explained how a 2016 film, “Certain Women,” was an exemplar of the kind of work she’d like to be doing.
“He’s got some stuff; I’ve got some stuff.
My friend was Anna Dewdney, the author and illustrator of the popular “Llama Llama” children’s book series.
Microsoft challenged the warrant, arguing that prosecutors could not force it to hand over customer emails stored abroad.
And President Putin may very well want to address it, and very strongly, because he feels very strongly about it, and he has an interesting idea.
“The worst thing that could happen is that these thieves do not fully understand what these objects are and their value and the importance of them.
In January, Huawei’s effort to sell a new line of smartphones in the United States was derailed when AT&T walked away from a deal to distribute the devices.
Every item — brocade sofas, velvet upholstered chairs, metal hinges, parquet de Versailles floors — is period perfect; Smith will brook no interruption of his rococo illusion.
This time could be different, though.
Realistically, Trump’s offer on infrastructure is this: nothing .
In the midst of this investigation, you’ve been aggressive on a number of other fronts.
His two goals give him four for the tournament, tying him, for now, with Ronaldo as the tournament’s top scorer.
— David Schwartz I plan to donate to and volunteer for candidates in swing districts in my state, and participate in my local Dems chapter as a PCO.
Surrounded by people with diabetes who struggle to afford the higher cost of insulin, Sandoval said that his own grandfather also had diabetes.
The decision ignited a firestorm on social media in Britain and led to a wildly popular petition demanding that it be overturned .
in strikeouts, innings, walks-plus-hits per inning pitched and strikeout-to-walk ratio — all the categories that connote dominance and durability.
About a month later, we each received emails that our ancestry reports were ready.
Each such accusation is met by a barrage of official denials on state television and mockery on social media.
In the 1990s, as Democrats pushed for social changes, evangelicals sorted into the Republican Party.
It was during the trips with other survivors that two of the men said they also began to have uncomfortable interactions with Mr. Groff, who they said arranged their travel, took them out to meals, provided their tickets and drove them from meeting to meeting.
The killer, while in the Air Force, had been convicted of domestic violence in 2012, involuntarily committed to a mental health care center and given a bad conduct discharge.
Support for the law remains low among Democrats, but it has doubled over the past two months and is twice as strong as their approval of Mr. Trump today.
Because this administration has undermined the rule of law.
But however indifferent I feel at times about the art exhibited inside, I’ve come to think of the museum as lovely.
Called the “doughnut strategy,” Mr. Trudeau’s campaign seemed to be working until the end of last month.
The Oxford Dictionary calls terrorism “the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.” Merriam-Webster calls it the systematic and coercive use of terror, defined as “violent or destructive acts (such as bombing) committed by groups in order to intimidate a population or government into granting their demands.” Such definitions are not universally accepted and can be interpreted in different ways.
“It’s like a donation to the church, or a donation to education, or a donation to veterans.” Mr. Godfrey said that he and his allies sensed the danger and expected to face a well-financed and well-crafted strategy to promote what they saw as an unmitigated vice.
Specifically, the war with Boko Haram has spilled into areas where nomadic herders typically roam, forcing them to find new terrain.
Its graduation rate improved; suspensions plummeted.
By Lisa Friedman Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, made a big announcement this week: The E.P.A.
There have been 35 closings so far this year, with the highest sales price at $1.8 million.
The Bitcoin flyaround • John O’Rourke, the head of Riot Blockchain, a small biotech-turned-digital currency company, has made at least $712,000 on price increase of more than 60 percent after the company added blockchain to its name.
In support of this argument, Justices Alito and Kennedy were obsessively focused on unions as political actors that could, in Justice Alito’s words, “push a city to the brink and perhaps over the brink into bankruptcy.” Their goal was to show that public employee unions are political to their very core.
It’s like nothing for the roaches — or most other creepy-crawly pests.
Ponder over 64 standard paints choices and several dozen custom hues.
Yet, onscreen at least, it ended up seeming pretty easy: couple meetings here, couple meetings there, some well-timed shootings.
But a former player understands the illusion of permanence.
“Every single house I sell in Hollis Hills, the buyer does something to — knock it down completely, gut it, extend it,” said Irene Gringuz, a saleswoman with Daniel Gale Sotheby’s International Realty and a Hollis Hills resident.
And that has been repeated in most places I’ve been.
Anatoli: Yes, two beautiful daughters.
“Pardon” appears in the canon over 300 times, said Barry Edelstein, artistic director of The Old Globe in San Diego.
“Preliminary work was done by Eunoia Technologies but after seeing what was offered, Liberal Caucus Research Bureau decided not to move forward.” Ms. Cotton said, without explaining why it cut ties.
“I don’t have a good answer,” said Dr. Schiebelhut.
Did you feel like you were breaking ground when you made it?
“So there was really nothing spectacular.”
“This is an industry created by Hong Kong’s housing issues,” said Katol Lo, one of Coffee & Laundry’s founders.
In a series of Twitter posts earlier on Monday, Mr. Khan expressed disapproval of what he called Mr. Trump’s interview “tirade.” Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Khan is fond of using Twitter to make announcements and respond to criticism.
But don’t roll your trousers and wonder, “Do I dare, do I dare, eat a peach?” But continue to struggle and blunder, Keeping splendid revisions in reach.
Idlib became one of the first Islamic State footholds.
Recipe: Whole Roasted Squid With Tomatillo Salsa Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram , Facebook and Pinterest .
“All this glaring out at the world from beneath furrowed brows, these shufflings and shamblings and evasivenesses, the self-hate projections, the affected stammerings and word repetitions and vowel swallowings.
KUSHNER: The traditional core issues are essential and we focus on them extensively with a strong appreciation of the historic differences between the two sides.
And it’s not like she’s trying to act funny.
This annual benefit for the Horticultural Society of New York aims to introduce children to both edible greenery and green practices.
Turkish officials say he was killed by Saudi agents there.
It turns out that in beer-drinking circles I would be considered unfashionable.
When he sets his mind to do something — for instance, utilize the threat of tariffs against those are utilizing tariffs against us — it doesn’t matter who his advisers are.
The audience then entered the studio hall for the main event, Shawn’s “Dance of the Ages” (1938) as reconstructed by Mr. Weinert from extensive film and other documentation.
But even as he railed against big tobacco, Dr. Gottlieb softened the blow by delaying for several years the deadline for companies to comply with tough new rules on e-cigarettes, cigars and other products.
Mr. Hamlen’s rise to the zenith of the classical music world — as a co-founder of IMG Artists, which represented many of the biggest stars in the field — was improbable, as he was the first to admit.
For the black lacquered dance room that adjoins the living room, Weinberg commissioned a custom rug from the esteemed French carpet maker La Manufacture Cogolin (two other designs by the company appear in other rooms).
“He put in the machine, and then he put on the letters, I-E-C.
Alicia Ana Hernandez-Roulet and Matthew Reed Steinhart were married April 28 at Castillo Serrallés, a museum in Ponce, P.R.
Lots of our instruments and sound systems need replacing, we’re in need of some new uniforms and repairs, and we also need props for our marching shows, and money to pay for expenses - but, that’s all a distant dream.
Democrats could sit back and let this process play out.
In the photo, shot in Davis’s apartment in New York, Model’s cane is almost hiding behind her back.
All states have laws that either fully or partly protect school districts from liability based on a negligence claims, he added.
The sentence levied against the official, Hisham Geneina, who had served under President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi until 2016 when he became one of the president’s sharpest critics, signaled that the harsh crackdown on the opposition that preceded last month’s election was set to continue.
When they felt sad or scared, they felt pressure to hide those feelings or to be tough and strong instead.
Voter rolls, like nearly every aspect of elections, are a politically charged issue.
Israel responded with airstrikes on 35 targets in Gaza after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Israel held Hamas responsible for the mortar attacks.
“Primary-care settings have limited resources and maybe can’t take on someone who is more complicated."
in January, warning that Mr. Cruz owned a gun and had a desire to kill, possibly at a school, Mr. Lewis said.
But I suspect that naysayers have a way of sounding like soothsayers.
Subtler than its setting — largely in the courtroom of the Nuremberg Trials — would imply, its decision to make the major characters alter egos of Wagner and his wife, Cosima, nonetheless too simplistically suggested the composer’s complicity in Nazi horrors, while also sapping the underlying story of interest.
“And yet the Republican majority depends on districts like Denham’s.” Here in California’s 10th Congressional District, a rich agricultural region where the roads are lined with dairy farms and orderly rows of almond trees, it is difficult to overestimate the effect that immigration policy has on daily life.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is scheduled to meet Mr. Xi in Beijing this week.
postseason, which begins with the wild-card game on Oct. 3, losing two of three games to the Blue Jays had to be more than a little dispiriting.
“The Disappearance of a Saudi Journalist” was produced by Theo Balcomb, Rachel Quester and Alexandra Leigh Young, and edited by Paige Cowett and Lisa Tobin.
New York fashion is in a weird place: bifurcated between the old names that shaped dressing when Wall Street (both the film and all it represented) was in its heyday, and the new, who want to tear it all down.
“Once again, the Americans killed 28 civilians, including women and children, in Chardara District of Kunduz, with the help of their Afghan puppets in a brutal attack,” the Taliban spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, said in a statement emailed to journalists on Thursday.
But organizers need 50,000 signatures for the measure to be certified.
“A year and a half ago, I could do anything — run the chain saw, cut up trees, use a backhoe.” Brother Joseph Swedo was bent forward in his chair, his rugged hands folded delicately in his lap.
Based in Los Angeles, Ms. Guidi makes abstracts by mixing paint and sand in a minimalist style reminiscent of Yayoi Kusama’s.
Robert A. Karlin, associate professor of psychology, Rutgers University, New Jersey
“Academics would argue that we need access to primary data,” said Dr. Nielsen of Oxford.
At her building late on Monday, detectives came and went, as residents struggled to make sense of the news that the police were looking for someone who lived there.
One of the most exciting events of Philip Glass’s current residency at Carnegie Hall — which includes the composer’s own ensemble playing his landmark “ Music with Changing Parts ” on Feb. 16 — will not feature Mr. Glass in performance at all.
Evidently, this is meant to evoke the high life of ages past.
Mr. Man, according to the F.B.I., sent the emails on Dec. 19 and 20 last year.
He grew up in low-income housing in Groussay, southwest of Paris, where his parents had moved from Cameroon.
For more suggestions on what to watch and read, may we suggest our list of the best shows and movies new to streaming services in May, our music critics’ latest playlist or a glance at The New York Times Best Sellers List .
There is a fan zone, a boulevard of sponsors’ tents, lurid blue signs offering directions in a childlike font.
That magazine changed music journalism.
If there are suspicions in the Ministry of Commerce that Qualcomm stoked anti-Chinese sentiment among United States lawmakers to defend itself against Broadcom, the company may have a target painted on its back.
Along with two concerts with the Met Orchestra in the spring, he will conduct only three operas this season, starting with a new production of “La Traviata” in December and moving on to Debussy’s “Pelléas et Mélisande” and Poulenc’s “Dialogues des Carmélites.” That’s not much of a presence.
Memphis also elevated J.B. Bickerstaff from interim coach to full-time head coach.
Then again, the white wedding kimono that she wore was in a style thought to have been adopted from Western wedding gowns.
graduates, “which enhances our passion for success,” the proposal said.
Beyoncé, performing with Jay-Z at Ford Field in Detroit on Monday, dedicated their concert to Ms. Franklin.
When I started contacting Boston University to find out what happened to Kidd, I was stunned to discover that the old jealousies and resentments had survived the years intact.
Mr. Pompeo dismissed the chances of a legal challenge succeeding.
Representative Steve Knight, a Republican in his second term, took the top spot in this Los Angeles County-based district, while Katie Hill, a Democrat, appeared poised to claim the second slot on the November ballot.
While still in Hawaii, it received high marks for preparedness and training.
“It wasn’t doctors who changed the way we give birth in America.
Similar to the imaginary civilians in Brave New World, we are surrounded by consumables that are marketed for being quick: Amazon Prime, faster internet, minute-microwave rice, etc.
For years, those sculptures stood out as the oldest figurative artworks on the planet.
• In a hyperpolarized Washington, both President Trump and his detractors suspect the capital is witnessing the biggest political scandal since Watergate .
She goes into detail about what Dylan Farrow told her the previous summer.
That man — Chris Dawson, 70 — has been arrested in connection with his wife’s death 36 years ago.
Unexploded bombs are so prevalent that the city offers a free service to landowners who are seeking to build: a team of researchers will examine old aerial photos and data to determine whether a property may have once been bombed.
Although there is no public record of a relationship between him and the royal court, such a senior figure in the Saudi medical establishment was unlikely to join a rogue expedition organized by an underling.
Griese, the stolid, quiet partner, was paired with Jackson 12 years ago.
She has left behind all that was Indian about her.
Four generations of Parkers have traveled to Florida to watch the liftoff, scheduled for pre-dawn Saturday from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station during a 65-minute window that starts at 3:33 a.m. NASA TV will broadcast the launch beginning at 3 a.m. Eastern time.
It provides $641 million for about 33 miles of fencing, but prohibits building a concrete structure or other prototypes the president has considered, and allocates the rest of the funding for new aircraft, sensors and surveillance technology.
They had experience with starting pitchers who moved to the bullpen and returned better, such as Trevor Bauer, Carlos Carrasco and Danny Duffy.
It’s not enough to turn around after two and a half years and say, ‘I’m a unifier.’” Oddly, Mrs. May’s weaknesses as a politician — her dislike of the spotlight, her lack of a political tribe — were part of why she was chosen as prime minister in the first place .
The art pours out to center and steady him.
What does it imply about Colin Kaepernick , Nike and the N.F.L.?
has been scrambling to issue new guidance and interpretations for businesses and taxpayers who are still coming to grips with the changes.
I went to a fund-raiser a few days ago for Stacey Abrams, who is running for governor in Georgia.
The announcement about Lindsey’s remains provided a devastating resolution to residents of McCleary, where posters of Lindsey’s face are still hanging.
“To be brutally honest, I think that we aren’t really getting any help right now out of Washington, and the situation has gotten really bad over the last two years,” said Chad Williams, executive director of the Southern Nevada Regional Housing Authority, which oversees public housing developments and voucher programs that serve 16,000 people in the Las Vegas area.
Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
He graduated from University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Those amenities can include early boarding, butler or laundry services, a private restaurant, pool, or even dedicated spa access — those perks can be pricey, but if you get them on a budget-friendly ship, you can enjoy a high-end experience overall for less than if you’d booked the same cabin type on a pricier ship or cruise line.
He wore a gray T-shirt that read “Can’t Be Stopped!” Later, Mrs. Speight paired the children off to solve math word problems in 20 seconds or less, using the Chromebooks and an app called Kahoot.
The Ford House is the kind of grand property that could have fallen into the trap of being too big for its own good, but it radiates class.
While no one was looking, she easily freed herself.
To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
Most of the music, by Shawn’s main accompanist of the 1930s, Jess Meeker, is tepidly formulaic sub-Romanticism: The series of prettily descending triplets in the Water and Air sections feel endless, while other sections seem close to operetta kitsch.
Her students nicknamed her the drill sergeant.
Part of why I’m buying women’s clothes today is because I don’t have any attachment to the stuff.
BOONE Your tastes change, your budget changes.
“Tax and trade have basically merged” as issues between the United States and Europe, said Jay Khosla, the staff director for the Senate Finance Committee.
I’ll give you the latest intel from the campaign trail.
( WSJ ) • Dropbox expects its gross margins to eventually exceed 76 percent, it told potential investors at its I.P.O.
Through it, all that data could be continually funneled, sifted, integrated and passed to the captain and others on the vessel who might need it, like gunners.
and received a medical degree from Penn.
[ The New York Times. ]
Whites are 15 percent of total enrollment, but 24 percent of the students in these schools.
Or raises you up into glory.” His daughter says: “I definitely feel like I lucked out being female with him.
“But it wasn’t in our game plan.” The Eagles took the lead, 22-19, with 10 minutes 11 seconds remaining on a 1-yard touchdown run by Josh Adams.
But more important, it is touching all different industries.
Stine’s apparently inexhaustible series of children’s horror books previously served as the basis of a movie in 2015.
It would be deeply unfair to the winner, Naomi Osaka , to give her anything but 100 percent credit for a match played under incredible pressure.
Mr. Wagner, who once said if the state laid off 10 percent of its teachers they would not be missed, recorded a video boasting he would grind his golf spikes into Mr. Wolf’s face.
COSTS $17,741 a year in taxes LISTING BROKER Weichert, Realtors ____ 2 Joffre Court , Stamford 14 WEEKS on the market $589,000 list price 2% BELOW list price SIZE 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths DETAILS A 29-year-old vinyl-sided house on a third of an acre in the Newfield section with a kitchen with granite counters; a formal dining room; a home office; and a deck.
removed Mr. Zuma as president of the country in February.
Dr. Moore acknowledges that while being fabulous is a way to navigate the world when you don’t have privilege, it does not always pay the rent.
Mr. Flake’s face was grim as he arrived in the committee room and took his seat on the right flank of the dais.
“We came to know that the 1849 California gold rush was a time in history when the indigenous peoples of California endured subjugation, violence and threats of genocide,” she wrote.
Last May, and again in June, Chen visited Nichol in Richmond Hill, Ontario, outside of Toronto.
The famous first rule in the movie “Fight Club” was “do not talk about Fight Club,” and Mr. Yan had his own twist: Do not tell his parents.
The truth is that the locus of responsibility is maddeningly elusive.
Facebook has a history of developing new services for its enormously popular social network that mimic independent services, apps, and sites.
She marries this, in the later parts of her book, with the intellectually vibrant life of the old Calcutta adda — the almost endless coffeehouse discussions of the era’s poets and Communists and spies and flaneurs , whose lives happened to intersect, off and on, with some of the tweed-and-hobnail crowd from the high hills, with predictably trying consequences.
The misuse of children’s memories by ambitious prosecutors against day-care center operators in the 1980s led to some of the worst miscarriages of justice in recent U.S. history.
Although we try new places, we have our favorites.
Email us at thedaily@nytimes.com .
In a music industry that increasingly makes its money off things other than music, this reversal does not seem so convoluted.
It is not clear if prosecutors have filed charges against Mr. Assange.
It was a rare chef sighting in the White House, even if Mr. Savoy was not in the kitchen.
The town’s quaint vibe suits him.
I would rather donate to an inferior candidate who might win.
[Want more Canadian coverage in your inbox?
William Brewer, a partner at Brewer, Attorneys & Counselors who is lead counsel in the organization’s lawsuit against the New York officials, said on Saturday that the N.R.A.
But one of her earlier, breakthrough plays, in 2004, was a picaresque comedy on a much smaller scale.
In 1993, Biggie Smalls converted the lament at the end of the poem into the title and hook of his first single, the now classic “Party and Bull__”; already in the early 1970s, the Last Poets were playing with the basic ingredients of hip-hop.
I’ve seen nearly every episode from 19 seasons, most of them several times.
You can be discouraged and tormented, “or have the audacity to say, ‘I’m not going to let this break me.’” In casting the show, Mr. Cave and his team, including his special projects director Bob Faust, and the choreographer and dancer Francesca Harper, looked for artists who had gone through their own make-or-break moment.
“What I said to him was, ‘We don’t want to interfere with your ability to negotiate, so we can make changes in conference and probably take care of the problems that you have with that.’” It was not clear on Wednesday what those changes might be or how such a compromise would come together.
Suddenly this is beyond his powers to tackle?” Mr. Tompkins said in an email, adding, “Where is the evidence that he cares at all to redeem himself?
And in a previously unreported incident, a journalist who used to interact with Mr. Trump during his days as a real estate developer in New York said this week that he even used the phrase “dumb Southerner” to describe his own in-laws.
This was an intersection of theories about femininity, victimhood, money and ethics, much of it influenced by Ayn Rand, one of Raniere’s favorite authors.
According to the FBI’s website, organized groups of thieves often use intermediaries, commonly called fences, in cities such as Los Angeles, Houston, New York and Miami to convert stolen goods into cash.
But that was nothing new.
Designs are done at company headquarters in Montreal, with selected manufacturers producing the finished products.
In the southern Indian Ocean, the season begins two weeks later and ends at the same time except in Mauritius and the Seychelles, where it ends on May 15.
The memoir ends midsentence, unfinished at the time of her death.
In an overcrowded shelter at a sports complex south of the Mexican border, nearly 6,000 migrants from Central America have been waiting in increasingly squalid conditions — and with an increasing sense of desperation — to cross into the United States.
“Get there early.” The world’s best athletes schussed down the slopes, zoomed down the track and skated across the ice in South Korea.
Book by emailing the winery directly, at agriturismo@ilpoggione.it .
• The Swedish pop star Fever Ray explores the kinky side of her personality in her latest album.
Justice Thomas, writing for seven justices, said that in the circumstances the police officers had been entitled to assume that “the partygoers were knowingly taking advantage of a vacant house as a venue for their late-night party.” Some of them fled or hid, he wrote, which was “an indication that they knew they were not supposed to be there.” There may have been innocent explanations for particular responses, Justice Thomas wrote.
She graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1979, then completed a doctorate at the University of Maryland in 1986.
That is probably a sentiment shared among all Japanese, including ordinary citizens.” And while Japan is accustomed to dealing with mercurial North Korean leaders, Mr. Trump represents a new volatility from the American side.
Now he has plenty of space for a sewing machine, dress form and cutting boards, along with many bins and drawers filled with fabric, trim, scissors and other sewing paraphernalia.
Sometimes she was even mistaken for a lawyer, she said.
But Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, said misgivings about the Saudis were justified.
They found 4,537 cases of psychosis, symptoms of which can include hallucinations and delusions.
“Unfortunately, as we discussed, my situation requires more.” Other moves were more mundane.
And the data do not include the increased prevalence of non-monetary benefits like flexible hours or working from home, or perks like gyms and “summer Fridays.” Best Buy, the electronics retailer, began in July to offer four weeks of paid time off to its employees, including part-time workers, to take care of family members.
Back in the early aughts, the term “execution-dependent” was favored by big-money Hollywood executives who were calculating a movie’s chances of making a profit.
“It’s been a shot in the arm for everybody,” Mayor Chris Coursey said.
At the Golden Globes on Jan. 7, Seth Meyers won praise for threading the needle, referencing Hollywood’s sexual harassment scandals while ginning up genuine belly laughs.
President Trump again insisted he was not being investigated by the special counsel in the Russia inquiry.
By default, an Airbnb listing shows a base price.
“We’re all gutted for Alex,” Watt said.
Matt Smith, the actor who plays Prince Philip in the series, referred to the custom of walking behind the monarch in an interview in 2016 .
These are edited excerpts from that conversation.
Well, for some Buddies, there’s a very good reason: At this point in their lives they can’t have a dog, and don’t want to be tempted to get one.
The union representing ICE officers sent a letter to the homeland security committee questioning Mr. Vitiello’s ability to lead the agency, saying he lacked the spark to be the “change agent.” Union leaders also said they were disturbed by a March 2016 tweet by Mr. Vitiello comparing Mr. Trump to the cartoon character Dennis the Menace.
The dummy copy reads: “My buddy Shia (pronounced SHY-UH) is graduating from college on Saturday (my name is Jason).
But Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said that “it would be very strange for us to tell Congress it ought to do something in any particular area.” Both he and Justice Elena Kagan said the fact that Congress has so far chosen not to act was itself a telling indication that it was satisfied with the current system.
In 2003, he was appointed to the Supreme Court, where he oversaw the trial of politicians implicated in a vote-buying scheme.
• The announcement came a day after The Times reported on accusations from Mr. Hybels’s former executive assistant .
But in 2011, Israel passed a law declaring that any institution that receives public funds can be financially penalized if it mourns the Nakba on the same day as Independence Day, which Israel celebrates on Thursday.
Mr. Arcángel recognizes the limitations of the crude shelter he provides; its rawness, he imagines, will prevent anyone from getting too comfortable.
But the finale circles back to where it started, and it is bursting at the seams with tangential characters, visual cues and over-the-top emotions that leave a jumble of impressions instead of delivering a clear punch.
He has been credited with saving the carmaker from collapse, and even celebrated in a country where foreign leadership of Japanese companies is rare.
When allies, the leaders of democratic nations, try to speak to him about reality, his eyes glaze over.
Because Spotify eschewed a typical initial public offering in favor of a direct listing, there is no I.P.O.
Those were challenging roles, too, and ones they’ve all been thinking about.
Rather than calling for revolution, he immersed himself in the Kremlin’s own often ignored legal statutes, memorizing them down to their minutiae, and then demanded that they be observed.
In my ward, the superintendent (the leader, later renamed ward captain) was a decent person.
Today’s biggest superstar is LeBron James, who’s so big he can call the president “you bum” and barely get an angry tweet in response.
The spot featured the director interviewing children about gender stereotypes, showing how the phrase “like a girl” — as in “run like a girl” or “fight like a girl” — transforms into an insult as kids age.
But “invest in education” is hardly a prescription that Racine can simply pick up and run with.
Your character, who remains nameless, is funny and sharp, but dealing with an enormous emotional burden.
Mr. Mattarella pulled his bloodied brother out of the car.
I was, like, 10, 13, 15 years old when the show was a thing.
The Yankees then sent the third baseman Brandon Drury and Billy McKinney, an outfielder who had been playing for Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, to Toronto for Happ.
Traditionally the Cannes Lions festival has been the advertising world’s swanky trade conference.
“I learned that it’s really important to be creative for the right reasons.
I said, ‘Is he a Republican?
Una investigación periodística en Guatemala indica que tanto el actual presidente, Jimmy Morales, como su antecesor Otto Pérez Molina (en prisión por un escándalo de corrupción), habrían usado un software para espiar a defensores de derechos humanos, políticos disidentes y periodistas.
Would she try to bite us?
In April, Mastanamma celebrated her 107th birthday with cake and party hats.
Isaiah barely communicated with his parents.
His father is a retired oil and gas exploration geologist who worked at Chevron in Houston.
But I liked the feeling because there are certain very elemental things like a central hearth and one big room with a sort of great hall.” And, this being Los Angeles, the “great hall” has an indoor-outdoor aspect as evocative of Case Study houses as castle keeps.
“We’re going to have a challenging midterm anyway, and I don’t see how putting the attention on shutting down the government when you control the government is going to help you,” Representative Tom Cole, Republican of Oklahoma, said in an interview.
After the Texas lawsuits were filed last month, he posted a 10-minute videotaped response suggestive of how his positions on the event shifted.
Will you get started on that tonight, or real soon?
This was particularly so for me, especially when one takes into account the fact that I had not seen him for 5 years, and that my application for permission to attend the funeral was not granted.
It was a fine program, and much talent has come out of it.
She is the only character who gets a lengthy aria — which Ms. Phillips, who I’ve often found doesn’t leave much of an impression, performed with a powerful emotional arc that had people in the audience by turns laughing, crying and clutching their pearls in horror.
Aleppo pepper’s unusual flavor profile distinguishes it from its close cousins in the chile family: Urfa, Marash and Antep, named for the pepper-producing towns of Sanliurfa, Kahramanmaras and Gaziantep, just across the Syrian border in southern Turkey, where many Syrian refugees are living.
It protects newcomers who arrived as children before 2007.
A monument like the Statue of Liberty has an obvious front.
Lowe’s former companion and caregiver, Connie Self, produced the film “Metanoia,” which features narration by the climber and writer Jon Krakauer.
Beyond board work, I have done field trips to Jordan and to Syria; hosted fund-raisers at my home.
Mr. Manafort paid them 2 million euros in 2012 and 2013, according to court documents.
We got —— ] TAVERNISE: So they called Jenkins, the ringleader, to tell him they have Ronald.
Then the worst thing that can happen to anyone happened to her when her 20-month-old son, Gabriel, died at Stanford’s children’s hospital.
From the day he took office, President Trump has vowed not to repeat what he regarded as the cardinal error of his predecessors in dealing with North Korea.
Those could be blocked by the federal government or a federal court, as in the case of last Friday’s decision regarding the work requirement sought by Kentucky for its Medicaid program .
Two of Mexico City’s most desirable residential areas, Polanco and Lomas, have become all the more so because they are built on bedrock, making them less vulnerable to earthquakes, Ms. Peters Romero said.
But “Lamp Lit Prose” is far from carefree.
In the mid-1980s, new RISC chips emerged from two Silicon Valley start-ups, Sun Microsystems and MIPS Technologies, becoming the standard for the computer workstations and servers that underpinned big corporate operations.
“If you had a best friend in high school and now you’re 30 years old, it’s been quite a bit of time that has passed since that friendship,” she said.
Indonesia’s aviation industry has long been dogged by accidents and accusations of malfeasance.
At another, he told Ms. Nixon that “you don’t snap your fingers” and simply make things happen.
These images are part of The Times’s morgue, a 600,000-pound archive of pictures, newspaper clippings, encyclopedias and books — so heavy the collection needs a floor strong enough to handle the weight.
They call it the “Not So Heavy Metal” tour.
Mr. Arpaio reacted heatedly in a two-hour interview on Thursday to some Arizonans’ view that he and Mr. Trump, his professed hero, were racists.
He is a candidate for a doctoral degree in cancer biology from Penn.
After finishing second in the Preakness and Belmont Stakes, Foolish Pleasure faced Ruffian, an unbeaten filly, in a much-ballyhooed match race on July 6, 1975, at Belmont Park.
My cast and crew, and the kids!
“They really started to bridge the gap,” he said.
Grounded in realism (rather than space lasers and explosions), the movie wrings its suspense out of a slow, steady ascent into the unknown.
Mr. Trump stood on AF1 and blatantly lied.” In his Wednesday night interview, Mr. Giuliani also offered a different reason for Mr. Trump’s decision to fire James B. Comey as F.B.I.
We knocked and were greeted by a couple in their mid-40s, Daniel and Irene Darnas.
Surviving an assault like she did, she said, does not simply wrap up like a daylong televised confirmation hearing.
Little energy is spent looking outward — exactly how the 160 inhabitants prefer things.
President Ashraf Ghani said Wednesday that he had ordered a crackdown on unruly militias because soldiers had complained to him that they had blurred the lines of who is enemy and who is friend and had contributed to high casualties.
In retrospect, the clash of world views between Mr. Trump and Mr. Mattis was inevitable.
→ Background: China has set its sights on becoming a world leader in scientific research but, in its rush to dominance, the industry has been mired in a string of scandals .
“Zika allowed for a homogeneous sample of a flavivirus — and when we understand one a little bit better, we understand them all a bit better.” The study’s findings likely will not have an immediate impact on disease prevention, according to Kristian G. Andersen, a genomic researcher at the Scripps Research Institute.
They should be pushing for laws that make it easier to vote, as is happening in Arizona, Florida, Michigan and elsewhere .
North Korea and the United States have the same name for that painting: a “nuclear-free Korean Peninsula.” But they differ sharply on the best way to complete it.
Good thing that DODO, SO-SO, LALA, and SO sound the way they do!
Which novels have had the most impact on you as a writer?
The founder was a fairly prominent journalist.
Nolan Arenado and Charlie Blackmon also went deep, and Colorado's struggling bullpen shut the door in the late innings.
“When you’re winning, I think you could do it,” Popovich said in the coaching office of the visitors’ locker room before Tuesday’s game.
“Maniac” is about an experimental psychoactive drug.
The article , which was written by Jim Sciutto, Marshall Cohen and Carl Bernstein, the high-profile Watergate reporter, said Mr. Cohen was claiming that Mr. Trump knew in advance about a now infamous June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower in which Russians were expected to offer damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
Perpendicular to its gender play are questions of consent, labor, the warp and weft of gift and debt, all the things we give to and take from one another, especially property and pain.
Though Tanaka allowed only one run, he was lifted with two outs in the fifth, meaning that in the last turn through the rotation, nobody lasted through six innings.
A 27-year-old Laotian was chosen as the surrogate, and doctors at a hospital in Laos implanted two of the embryos.
In the joint statement, Mr. Trump “committed to provide security guarantees” to North Korea.
Moreover, they say, it would be a radical departure from a “grand bargain” struck 28 years ago: Medicaid covers nearly all of a company’s prescription drugs if the company agrees to provide deep discounts to Medicaid.
_____ • In spite of all the snow in Davos, our planet is warming.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
It was Sunday, not Saturday.
“The question of self-pardons is something I’ve never analyzed,” he said.
The government’s switch in its argument followed publication of a bleak official economic analysis of life outside the European Union, which showed that under terms similar to those in Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan for the withdrawal, known as Brexit, Britain’s economy would be 3.9 percent smaller than it would have been if the country had stayed in.
That said, some coastal areas prone to damage, like in Florida, Texas and Louisiana, receive a lot of money from the federal government.
Research shows that white people who try to be colorblind often seem more prejudiced and unfriendly to people of color.
They may live stream the event or post selfies with the goats and the merchandise they produce.
New this week: I’VE BEEN THINKING … By Maria Shriver.
Very few people take active assailant drills at my school seriously.
Over several weeks, The New York Times found and published these four pictures before an editor noticed their similarity.
Lewis, I’m one of the people that beat you,” Elwin Wilson, the former Klan supporter , then in his 70s, and who died in 2013, told the congressman.
He hired the law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan to conduct a costly internal investigation as FIFA faced the biggest crisis in its history.
212-255-4037, villagevanguard.com KEYON HARROLD AND FRIENDS at the Blue Note (Jan. 15-18, 8 and 10:30 p.m.).
The decision followed dozens of accusations of abuse by female passengers and employees, and a promise by Uber’s new chief executive to “do the right thing, period.” Uber isn’t alone in making an exception for sexual harassment claims; Microsoft and Lyft have enacted a similar carve-out for their employees.
His command of French was such that he could deliver policy speeches at the French central bank in the country’s native tongue.
Another series of attacks by Morocco ends with a tepid shot from Achraf Hakimi that is saved easily.
Anger, sadness and sorrow are also in this emotional cocktail.
When the markets behave erratically, anxieties escalate and questions naturally arise.
She three-putted the par-3 fifth and par-4 12th, missing from 4 and 3 feet on 12.
It was less about aesthetics than ‘How can we make it work?’” They considered chopping up the master bedroom to carve out a room for Chloe, but concluded that it would be easier to move.
The old satellite measured the elevation of the Earth’s ice with a single laser beam; the new gizmo has six, firing 10,000 times a second.
Wacker was a committed anti-fascist and spoke out against Germany’s annexation of Austria 80 years ago last month.
At makeshift shelters across southern Laos, flood victims spoke of harrowing ordeals and searing losses.
As professors, we perfect our own evaluation systems, tailored for each course.
Express/Health _____ Jeff Bezos is the world’s richest person and can afford virtually any luxury — but not obscurity .
We look at each other and breathe.
Yet after Syrian and Russian forces began bombing, the United States privately advised the southern rebels whom they had until recently funded not to expect a military intervention.
The groom’s mother was a bone-development researcher at the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston.
They can make phone calls, sleep, look out the window.” Maybe it will be so nice they’ll want to stay there.
He worked as a bartender and lumberjack but soon resolved to return to acting and stay in America.
In an interview, Galanis mused that any perceived drop-off in her performance could be attributable to this tinkering, and he was optimistic Lloyd could again crack Ellis’s starting 11.
Between sets, Halep discarded her cap, but that didn’t stop the bleeding.
The outcome, several experts said, can be a confounding mix of overreaction to orders and reluctance to act on one’s own initiative.
H. R. Haldeman, Nixon’s chief of staff, acknowledged a big obstacle to punishing these unlawful strikers.
In 2016, Nissan acquired a 34 percent stake in Mitsubishi, bailing the company out after it was caught falsifying fuel economy estimates .
These scenes are silly and impossible to take seriously even when blood flows, though they do afford you the opportunity to watch Eastwood’s not-yet-repentant, gleeful dog getting down and dirty.
“We’ve taken an ecosystem that was sustained by fire,” said Dr. Finney, “and turned it into one that is destroyed by fire.” A recent study documented the effects of severe fires on lichen , for example.
That document request would include communications between officials at both entities.
And since Mr. Cohen’s most biting sketches so far — including one about arming children with guns, and another on Sunday night that embarrassed a Georgia legislator — have been aimed at Republicans, more than a few people have called him a mirror version of Mr. O’Keefe, who has delighted conservatives and infuriated liberals with his tactics.
Executives at the bank knew about his behavior, former employees said, but no action was taken until the NYT raised the issue this week.
It took less than 90 minutes from the column’s publication — which prompted news channels to cut in with special reports and set off a frenzy among White House aides — for the president himself to go on live television and denounce the essay, its author and the news organization that published it.
Next, write a letter, sent by certified mail, to your management company explaining your concerns and requesting that the building switch products.
“Miss Dee and Mr. Davis are not only figures within the film,” he wrote, “but, as themselves, they also seem to preside over it, as if ushering in a new era of black filmmaking.”
The ghost of Angelina Jolie past — that mesmerizing dark star, to the screen born — hangs over the new, suitably titled “Tomb Raider.” A dreary, inept reboot of the franchise that helped propel Ms. Jolie into global domination (and pop-culture divinity), it stars the talented, badly misused Swedish actress Alicia Vikander as the British adventurer Lara Croft.
(“Petit Piment,” by Alain Mabanckou.)
Fidelity calculated that someone contributing the maximum amount annually at age 15 would have more than $2.4 million at age 65, assuming an annual return rate of 7 percent.
Each week, Kevin Roose, technology columnist at The New York Times, discusses developments in the tech industry , offering analysis and maybe a joke or two.
It’s what we who worked for the Bush administration tried to get, but it probably took a Democratic administration with more climate credibility to achieve it.” Those who oppose the Paris agreement and reject mainstream climate science challenged Mr. Banks’s assessment.
The latest survey of the region around Jupiter turned up a dozen new moons , including an oddball going in the wrong direction.
A comic book used in the classroom shows a child selling flowers on a street; a stranger demands that the child hand over money.
Checkpoint inhibitors block the “off” switch, freeing T-cells to go after cancer.
South Carolina also does not require its lower-court judges to be lawyers, so thousands of convictions occur without input from a single attorney.
Elizabeth Chomko’s “What They Had” (with Michael Shannon and Taissa Farmiga) and Sara Colangelo’s “The Kindergarten Teacher” (starring Maggie Gyllenhaal) both had their premieres earlier this year at Sundance.
“We spoke to something that was visceral and internal, which was heroin and drugs and people hurting themselves,” Cale said.
Though he has been suspended several times since joining the force in 1984, nothing has ever stuck, and he has inevitably resumed his post after a few days or weeks.
(Sounds like good rules for all of life, now that I think about it.)
SPECIAL SECTION: RETIREMENT An article on Sunday about the benefits of retaining aging workers gave an imprecise description of PKF O’Connor Davies.
About sex, Jewishness, literature, New York and a whole lot more — about myself, in sum.
Durkin also satisfied another criterion for a role on Saban’s staff: He is an obviously talented former head coach who, whether through misfortune or misdeed , has fallen on hard times.
But while Mr. McConnell might have promised the debate, he did not promise to make it easy for Democrats.
But the Justice Department’s request to return it to the 2020 census for all respondents has unsettled demographic experts as well as advocates of voting rights and immigrants, who say it could lead Hispanic people to avoid being counted.
James Griffin, the deputy chief of the child development and behavior branch of the National Institutes of Health, which supported the research, said that the results came as a surprise to the researchers, who had not expected such pronounced changes at such a young age.
Wick has thrown himself into the policy realm, hiring a lobbyist in Sacramento to push a carbon-farming agenda.
“I mostly love what they’ve done, even though my apartment is no longer perfectly set up for slouching around and watching a movie marathon.” Occasionally, a staged apartment looks so good that sellers rethink their decision to move.
Michael Grandage directs a cast that includes Caissie Levy as a snow queen and Patti Murin as her melting sibling.
During this time, the resources needed to address the immediate threats to wildlife have not kept pace with the growing scale of these threats, and already pressured species like the big cats have become even more vulnerable to poaching and human encroachment.
“We didn’t want to go through that again,” said Lauren Crow, 32, who moved to Portland, Ore., with her partner after losing her hand-built tiny house — and her start-up skin care business — in the Thomas Fire.
More ominous for the G.O.P.
“My phone didn’t stop ringing for six months.
“He and his people drove my staff nuts,” he recalled.
“It’s just expanding this weird environment that people seem to enjoy,” Greco said.
All this is particularly germane to my wife and me at the moment, as we prepare to move from Maryland to Massachusetts in the coming months.
Wiring spilled from fallen streetlamps.
Over the last few years, McCain sometimes struggled with how to respond to Trump.
For example, the city that I live in which is Wilmington, North Carolina, has new and developing side of town while we keep the historic side of downtown Wilmington.
(Facebook’s outreach was so sudden, they had to ask him to hold while they read his just-posted public statement.)
That’s what our 52 Places traveler found in the Serbian capital, where wartime scars are still palpable.
So General Nicholson ordered that the huge bomb be dropped on Achin.
Similarly, the much-discussed “Obama-Trump voter” did not report distinctively high levels of economic distress.
Awards season is starting, baby.
Mr. Trifonov embraced this chamber-style approach.
What does it mean to be an American?
Undocumented immigrants are overrepresented in low-skilled jobs such as farming, construction and child care.
But in court papers laying out the plea deal, the portrayal of Ms. Butina is far tamer than the narrative the government put forward after her arrest in July.
He propped it up on his desk, where he knew Jimmy Carter’s top aide, Hamilton Jordan, would be sure to find it.
The ability to take constructive criticism is a skill required by any successful journalist.
One of the residences is pictured above.
Mr. Dowless said he could not talk, given the controversy.
In return, Canada agreed to, among other things, Mr. Trump’s repeated demands that it crack open its long-protected dairy market.
At all?” Restraining himself has always been Bobby’s worst case scenario.
Andrew J. McDonald, an associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court who is also a Universal Life minister, is to officiate at Gurney’s, a resort in Montauk, N.Y. Ms. Storch, 29, will be taking her husband’s name.
Dr. Dre got his start as a D.J.
“Interesting guy.” “Kanye’s an idiot!” a lone rallygoer shrieked in reply.
I’m an info junkie, so I’ll watch TV news while I’m doing that.
“I firmly believe that when we see evidence of the danger to children, we need to act on that,” Benedetto said.
• Alfonso Cuarón recrea su infancia en alta definición.
“This carpet is one of the most important carpets of the year,” the model Bella Hadid said.
Dr. Ford was shot in the head and he came back last week!)
The cultural and political divides between China and Taiwan are only deepening.
His solitary life shined a light on a yearslong effort by an army of conservationists, devoted volunteers and others to repopulate his species on the island.
In other cases, African-Americans were accused of crimes, chased down and murdered in extrajudicial killings.
Other possibilities include Kirk Adams, Mr. Ducey’s top aide and a former state legislator; the state treasurer, Eileen Klein; a member of the state Board of Regents, Karrin Taylor Robson; and Barbara Barrett, a business executive and former United States ambassador to Finland.
Despite your protests and the screams of the children, the foreign government claims that it has the right to tear the family apart and will not provide any information on where the children are going or, indeed, if you will ever see them again.
Flat jade discs called bi were a staple of Chinese ritual art for most of its history, but the two notched triskelions in the ancient jade show at J.J. Lally & Co. Oriental Art , both nearly five millenia old, are much more unusual.
Asian-Americans have been collateral damage in the university’s quest to sustain its paradoxical mission to grow its $37 billion endowment and remain the world’s most exclusive institution — all while incessantly preaching egalitarian doctrines.
The group also fixes up a local community center with basketball courts and a baseball field.
During his first full day in office, Mr. Trump grossly overestimated the size of his inauguration crowd, saying that up to 1.5 million people attended, when, in fact, aerial pictures showed it was much less .
He spent long periods shackled at the ankles and hanging by the arms from chains.Guards beat him with metal bars, whipped him and shocked him with cattle prods, he said.
“Who would have thought the Prince Regent would be eclipsed by a mere novelist?” Professor Looser said.
“You tell him to calm down,” defensive lineman Abry Jones said, “and he’ll look at you like you’re speaking a different language.” As a rookie, Ngakoue, a third-round draft pick, seemed to be fixated on the defensive ends taken before him, wanting to make every team regret not drafting him, Jones said.
But that’s an argument for greater discrimination in terms of who should get to own a gun, not less.
Lucifer appears only in the second act, which is regrettable because Brandon Williams plays him pretty much the same way he played a cocksure rocker in “Gettin’ the Band Back Together.” This is a sound decision: Mr. Williams excels at portraying overconfident egomaniacs, and you could argue that Lucifer is the original troubled charismatic frontman.
“I interviewed with eight companies, and it was all social media,” she said.
China has offered a list of concessions in recent days, which Mr. Trump has called “ not acceptable .” Mr. Pence and Mr. Xi spoke at the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meeting in Port Moresby, the capital of Papua New Guinea .
First they are browned in butter, then slathered with crème fraîche and broiled until nearly, but not quite, burnt.
But there are thousands more people who need the procedure in a country that has no heart surgeons.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra S. Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
“Touching her breasts, he shut off the camera,” said Mr. Mariani, who said that the device continued to record audio, and that Ms. Cortani could be heard fending off Mr. Tavecchio’s advances and slipping away.
A reception center at Clinton School on 15th Street will be open though the weekend for residents who have questions.
[ New York Times ] • After five years of planning, plans to build a giant Ferris wheel on Staten Island have been scrapped.
Mr. Robuchon accumulated more Michelin stars than any other chef.
The study, which also shows that men tend to walk differently with other men than with women and that some cultures may promote walking speed over sociability, underscores that how we move is not dependent solely on physiology or biomechanics.
How much more effective to kindle our desire, to make us want to touch, to rummage and snoop.
Most people would love to live in a place where the biggest problem is that the old trees keep dying, their roots covered in concrete and cinder block.
The first part of the decision was abhorrent; the second part was destabilizing.
A Chinese scientist, He Jiankui, above, claims to have created the world’s first genetically edited babies.
• David Pecker, the publisher of The National Enquirer, and President Trump are old friends.
It’s now or never, because after all we’re doing, if there are not more golfers in France, sadly we will have a problem.” A big Ryder Cup boost remains far from certain.
Representative John Lewis of Georgia and Representative Bobby L. Rush of Illinois are both Democrats, members of the Congressional Black Caucus and civil rights leaders.
“Here I was looking up the guy on Wikipedia and he was five doors down,” Mr. Sanchietti said of Mr. DeAngelo.
The president’s bump stock announcement surprised the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, which did not appear to have been informed of the pending remarks from Mr. Trump.
Irrigation canal operators stand ready to open dams and take water from the river if it is blocked by a rock slide.
The president of the university system called the move “unacceptable, dangerous, and incomprehensible.” _____ 8.
Maybe those people participating were already healthier.
John Collins, an affiliate with the Berkman Klein Center at Harvard University and former head of policy for Coinbase, said one of the strictest, and most opaque, is China, which has banned crypto exchanges and so-called initial coin offerings.
She is also an assistant professor of medicine at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in Manhattan.
“I knew immediately that I had to at least ask her out,” Mr. Berman said.
Will this leader choose to advance his country and be part of a new world?
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing.
There is something feverish in this pursuit of perfection; Plath is obsessive, driven — ambitious, almost — toward domestic happiness.
Whether that fear is justified is a matter of debate.
Mr. Lhota declined to release the ethics determination to The Times, saying it was “personal.” But he acknowledged that it had come in an email, not through a formal determination.
I am uncomfortable with ultimatums, although I guess that’s what this is.
in conjunction with our state and local partners must act flawlessly to prevent all attacks.
The cause was lung cancer, said John McEntee, a lawyer representing Mr. Wang and his family.
It, too, has been a big proponent of impact investing.
“Roseanne,” the revival, was imperfect but complicated, trying to engage with important if volatile issues.
“The cultural power of football is part of our fabric,” Cobb said, “and when something is part of tradition, people adhere to them for reasons that are not entirely rational.” Debbie Staab understands this better than most.
I suggested upping the ante with 6O'S as the antepenultimate down entry to act as a revealer, since this position felt like the most likely slot to fill around — requiring only one entry that need start with a number.
Within Anaheim itself, there is ample opportunity to sample the bounty of Mexico's culinary culture, including Azules Coffee , where homemade ice cream and pan dulce can be washed down with Mexican-inspired coffee, and local favorite Taco Boy is just across the street.
That’s because the orbit of Tiangong-1 never passes that far north.
“People were like, you can’t put your head on dog food.
Which is a lot better.
To President Trump and his supporters, a caravan is made up of invaders and criminals.
At Mr. Britt’s housing court trial, Mr. Schwartz described himself as the hard-working son of a bakery owner from upstate New York.
“The sex listed on a person’s birth certificate, as originally issued, shall constitute definitive proof of a person’s sex unless rebutted by reliable genetic evidence.” The new definition would essentially eradicate federal recognition of the estimated 1.4 million Americans who have opted to recognize themselves — surgically or otherwise — as a gender other than the one they were born into.
A recent survey by the Jewish People Policy Institute, a Jerusalem-based research group, found that 38 percent of the general Jewish population in Israel did not know what Novy God was — meaning that more than 60 percent did.
And when people keep coming, Mr. Trump and his allies will simply ratchet up their demands — he has already called for an end to due process for noncitizens.
BODY/HEAD at Elsewhere (July 19, 8 p.m.).
“If I’m in the field and somebody does it, I can’t stand it,” Belt said.
He played the role of OPIE Taylor on a mid-20th century television show called “The Andy Griffith Show,” which ran from 1960-68.
The trigger for the drop was the statement by President Trump on Monday that his administration was prepared to impose tariffs on a further $200 billion of Chinese goods, and that there could be even more penalties if Beijing fought back.
What it’s about is justifying that title.
Then, in moments of intensity, he drew vehemence without a trace of melodramatic excess.
Appointed chief of staff by Franklin Roosevelt in 1939, Marshall oversaw the transformation of the United States Army from a small, stagnant force into a mighty engine of war, then helped to direct its successful use in Europe and the Pacific.
Jonas Kaufmann’s Siegmund was effective, opposite the particularly fine Sieglinde of Anja Kampe, but his Parsifal remains blank.
offices across the country, where the horror of the 1985 episode lingers.
“He’s got connections with a president who I dearly love and support,” said Ms. Boucher, who added that she liked what Mr. DeSantis was doing in Congress.
“She became the focus of his life.” Fred Thomas Kovaleski was born on Oct. 8, 1924, in Maynard, Mass., and grew up in a Polish enclave in Hamtramck, Mich. Like his mother, Mr. Kovaleski’s father, Frank, an automotive assembly line worker, had immigrated from Poland.
A survey of hundreds of police officers, victims’ advocates and prosecutors across all 50 states, released by the American Civil Liberties Union in May, found numerous reports that undocumented immigrants are now more reluctant to call the police, press criminal charges and testify against assailants.
Teacher salaries make up the bulk of education spending — so when education spending stagnates or is cut, teachers feel the pain most directly.
Everything about “The X-Files” now being meta, Mulder acknowledges this state of affairs at the beginning of “Plus One” when he tells Scully it’s time to jump on I-95 South and “get back to our bread and butter.” It will be interesting to see whether the addition of new female writers and directors in the second half of the season — a response to criticisms of the show’s mostly male, mostly white core group — shakes things up.
He wouldn’t be patient enough to wait for milk to let down.” Determined to give him the benefits of breast milk, she ended up using a breast pump throughout his first year of life.
As on a mixtape, the tracks segue into each other (which makes for some abrupt endings if the songs are placed separately in playlists).
It shows a complete lack of strategy,” he said.
Canadians had good reason to believe he would take real steps toward change.
Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results.
In the 1940s, a Swiss entomologist named Eduard Handschin studied and described many of the fossils, after which they remained relatively forgotten.
Zell Miller and financed with state lottery revenue, the generous program signaled that Georgia saw investment in higher education as a catalyst for progress.
He said that the initiative still needed more work and that he planned to keep coming back to oversee its progress.
LOVE AND RUIN By Paula McLain 400 pp.
One unique feature of botaoshi is that attackers are unaware of how their teammates are doing at the other end of the field, and vice versa.
“Feel like trolling,” the anonymous person says, and everyone else on the team knows what’s coming next.
Only a limited number of training courses have opened for women — and given the strict gender segregation in effect in schools and government agencies, it is challenging to staff them.
In 1920, thousands of miners faced off in the five-day Battle of Blair Mountain against armed strikebreakers and government forces in one of the largest labor uprisings in American history.
But this McDreamy is in finance and, as Maggie writes to James in an email, “I find the language of business inaccessible.” Thomas is frustrated by the couple’s bed-death, but you understand why he turns Maggie off.
The company has also begun offering lower-level store managers more job training programs called “Walmart Academies,” where employees learn basic management skills and graduate in ceremonies wearing caps and gowns.
He also definitely recommended surgery or another process whenever he thought X-rays or other tests called for it.
The shootings, followed by a two-hour lockdown in the surrounding neighborhood, shocked many in this city of about 60,000.
- Peter Eavis Masayoshi Son’s grand plan for SoftBank’s $100 billion Vision Fund was audacious: Own pieces of all the companies in a wide range of sectors — transportation, food, work, medicine and finance — that may underpin the global shifts brought on by artificial intelligence.
In this cross section of humanity, few things are considered too bizarre to be off limits, and the mundane parts of daily life can intersect with the insane.
Her lightness requires his darkness, and vice versa.
“You take out the arts, it’s like, where’s the passion?” The city’s true currency, though, will always be its people, and while this may sound like lazy reporting, I found no better way to meet New Orleans natives than by riding in Lyfts and Ubers.
I know it’s not what you’d think, but I find over-the-top, obvious luxury a bit revolting.” Over the years, the couple has done significant work to the property — foundations dug, buildings razed or moved.
Gold won’t come easily for Shaun White, who has slipped behind Hirano.
The comparison of orangutan and habitat losses suggested that land clearance caused the most dramatic rates of decline.
My husband was initially reluctant to have two of my friends at our first child’s birth, for fear of being crowded out, but once we were in the thick of it, he was deeply grateful to have them there, each of them taking turns in what was a days-long ordeal — walking me up and down the hallway, pressing a cool washcloth to my forehead, offering encouraging words.
The network also released an independent report on its role in deadly hate crimes in Myanmar, and admitted that it “can and should do more” to prevent “being used to foment division and incite offline violence.” After a yearlong (and much-publicized) quest to find a home for “HQ2,” Amazon may split its second headquarters between two new locations.
Such a happy ending for Wozniacki looked highly unlikely in the second round of the tournament, when she faced two match points and a 1-5 deficit in the final set against unseeded Jana Fett of Croatia.
Germany at the time, Mr. Kilgore explained, “built up a great series of industrial monopolies in steel, rubber, coal and other materials.
The killer “might think then, ‘Maybe I don’t want to do this anymore because I might get caught.’ Or, ‘I want to stop and reflect on the carnage I wreaked in the past.’” Or, said Dr. Bruce E. Harry, a retired forensic psychiatrist with the University of Missouri medical school: “Maybe they get tired or bored and just don’t want to do it anymore.” Mr. Safarik, the retired F.B.I.
Turner was one of five NL candidates for the online balloting for the final All-Star roster spots, won by Brewers slugger Jesus Aguilar.
Neighbor after neighbor walked to the microphone to complain about clogged roads, overcrowded schools and a creeping sense that local residents were being overwhelmed by development.
Everything about the work in Yun-Fei Ji’s show “Rumors, Ridicules and Retributions” is subversive.
Another program, Clear , costs $179 a year for individuals and is not a government-run program .
This crisp and enlightening exhibition , slimmed but not diminished from its initial outing at Paris’s Centre Pompidou, restages the instruction, debates and utopian dreaming at the most progressive art school in revolutionary Russia.
Private tours are 100 rand, or about $8.25, for up to three people; scheduled group tours range from 180 to 400 rand.
— And a request that women walking the red carpet at the Golden Globes speak out and raise awareness by wearing black.
They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13,” Mr. Trump tweeted .
That’s the life of a chef in one story.” Valentin Garcia-Luna , named for his birth on Valentine’s Day, has been at the Red Cat since its very first day, running the daytime kitchen-prep station and making all the restaurant’s stocks.
He knows what it is.
Three-quarters of the apartments will be studios and one-bedrooms, with the remainder mostly two-bedrooms.
“I worry it’s not safe for them,” she said in an interview.
Not ever.” That’s Candy talking Harvey down during a low moment in “Inside the Pretend,” the lively Season 2 finale of “The Deuce.” But it also feels as if David Simon, the show’s co-creator and the screenwriter of the episode, were talking about his own career.
The president, for instance, has now spent years insisting that voter fraud is a rampant and unchecked scourge.
Davis McCallum, a longtime collaborator with Mr. Hunter, will direct.
The police have flown helicopters overhead but not set foot on shore.
[Metro] • Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “ Evening at the Embers ” • For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Morning Briefing .
Be sure to join our Facebook group, Now Read This , and visit throughout the month, where we’ll discuss the book with you as you read along.
Afterward, Pepsi’s agency partner, Davie Brown Entertainment, and Mr. Irving conceived the idea of a geriatric character who would show young players what real basketball looked like.
She had the support of Emily’s List, a national organization that backs female Democratic candidates who support abortion rights, as well as party officials, many of whom viewed her as the best shot at flipping the seat formerly held by Representative Charlie Dent, a Republican.
“Well, maybe it’s a good excuse,” I joked.
Beginning in the early 1970s he was a driving force behind the Met’s ambitious effort to expand its collection of Asian art, including masterworks from China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia and India, and add space in which to display it.
Some wineries, for instance, are not establishing their own vineyards and instead are purchasing grapes from elsewhere and using a crush facility to produce wine.
As many as 80 buildings had been burned.
A smaller survey from Gallup had shown the uninsured rate rising last year.
Better to look to the pricey moisturizer that comes in a faceted faux-crystal jar.
“Wikipedia definitely creates massively more value for these companies than they put in.” With the YouTube announcement, Wikipedia finds itself in a predicament similar to that of a small town after it has been chosen as the site of a new Walmart: Some municipalities have said that the retail giant creates undue stress on local police forces, straining them to the breaking point with endless calls to deal with petty crimes at the super stores.
Tawada seems content to evoke mood, to polish her sentences to a high sheen.
Some qualified charities will also take bridesmaids’ and flower girls’ dresses, and bridal accessories like veils and tiaras.
Fathers were considering letting their families go on without them in the belief that the American authorities might look more kindly on women and children than on men.
While the village slept, someone most likely opened the gate for the hundred or so assailants.
( NYT ) • Inside the world’s most elite traders’ club .
Vanguard’s Balanced Index Fund differs from Wellington not only because it’s passively managed but also because it has negligible international stock holdings — less than 1 percent of assets.
Did you know that today is the chef Bobby Flay ’s birthday?
“It’s about treating people how you want to be treated.” Mr. DeCarlo was startled as he watched the security footage of the off-duty Buena Park police officer.
There are no formal licensing requirements for real estate agents; buyers should look for agents who are members of the Asociación Mexicana de Profesionales Inmobiliarios , the Mexican Association of Real Estate Professionals, said Ella Scott, director of Century 21 Gurrión, a real estate agency in Oaxaca.
An admissions officer who reviewed his application to Harvard called him “the proverbial picket fence,” the embodiment of the American dream, saying, “Someone we’ll fight over w/ Princeton, I’d guess.” But in the end, the student was wait-listed and did not get in.
He predicted recession and global tumult.
His daughters were volleyball players.
Greg Rosica, a Tampa-based tax partner in EY, formerly Ernst & Young, and a member of the editorial board for the EY Tax Guide 2018, which is published by John Wiley & Sons, said it was always a good idea to project your tax outlook for the next year, but said it was “more critical than ever this year.” If you receive a paycheck, check to see how much tax is being withheld.
And it was entirely a surprise.
SUNDAY REVIEW An opinion essay last Sunday about baking bread mischaracterized yeast.
He graduated magna cum laude from George Washington University and received a medical degree from N.Y.U.
The Republican gubernatorial field in Connecticut features five candidates.
My one mistake as a novice eater of Japanese noodles was continuously sprinkling my bowl with shichimi togarashi, a red chile spice mixture that was new to me.
Now it is possible: Futures trading for Bitcoin on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange has been going on since December.
As he got a little older, he indulged a growing passion: filmmaking.
Mr. Liao reasons that “Facebook did not intend for those things to occur on its platform .” The problem with this “intentionality” standard is that press reports and direct appeals repeatedly warned Facebook, first about the risks and then the actual events.
In those states in the first congressional elections, the Federalists and the Anti-Federalists put up slates, and the side with the winning slate took all or most of the seats.
These are professional actors, after all.
On today’s episode: Sabrina Tavernise , a New York Times correspondent who reported on the story of Roe v. Wade for “The Daily.” Background reading: The nomination of Judge Kavanaugh has energized activists who support overturning Roe v. Wade; canvassers are going door-to-door in battleground states to rouse Americans who oppose abortion but rarely vote outside presidential races.
Your hair’s still beautiful.” On Friday morning, in the second round of the British Open, Fleetwood had another moment in the spotlight on an 18th green.
His son must still be here, Mr. Tang felt.
The authors never address how Kissinger’s support for military juntas in Chile, Argentina and other Latin American states underwrote regional violence.
And on Sunday in Brazil, the world’s seventh-largest emitter of greenhouse gas, voters appeared on track to elect a new president, Jair Bolsonaro, who has said he also plans to withdraw from the accord.
There were the tuxedo shorts at the United States Open, where the Vogue editor Anna Wintour was a regular presence at his matches.
“We hit every liberal arts college on the East Coast,” he said.
A tribute to the singer went up in the Franklin subway stop in TriBeCa and her name was back on the marquee at the Apollo.
Mr. Trump, however, has grown increasingly suspicious that Mr. Kelly and his closest aides are leaking stories.
How can we evolve our business model to account for that?” And so we ended up with this home try-on program where we let people try on glasses at home for free and then send them back to us.
Even more improbably, she danced it in the opera house in her hometown, Cairo — where to call a woman a “dancer” was an insult — with a full troupe of Egyptians trained by Russians in an academy established by the Egyptian state.
cleared the app to be used in conjunction with outpatient therapy.
She solves problems, manages the economy, imposes order on chaos, keeps journalists and intrusive people at bay, defends my time, decides appointments and trips, packs and unpacks suitcases and is so generous that even when she thinks she is rebuking me, she pays me the highest compliment: ‘Mario, the only thing you’re good for is writing.’ ” The year she turned 70, however, he left her for Preysler.
Adoption becomes a feel-good “numbers” game, in which we carefully and proudly track only how many animals have left the shelter.
Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.
Subscribers call them ads .
If we as a society decide to legalize marijuana, we need to do it with our eyes open to the downsides and not pretend there are no costs.
She also began dating Larry Braitman , an angel investor who had hit it big (very big) with an advertising-related start-up.
So I’m thinking, “Oh, this city was founded by an art collector.” And so we’re just part of that tradition.
You trusted us to make a safe plan for your father, but you were left to watch him struggle without knowing how to help.
Find many more ways to use our Picture Prompt feature in this lesson plan .
“I roll with the punches, but I also believe in standing up for what I believe,” she said.
The suspect was Jesse Daniels, a 19-year-old neighbor who today would be described as having a developmental disability (probably some form of mental retardation).
Dawg Face, who wore No.
He asked Mr. Bakken if he could find a better solution.
Its promise of elections driven by data ultimately implies a vision of government steered not by people but by algorithms, and by an expanding data-mining culture operating without restrictions.
Under Seth Barrish’s direction, Birbiglia (“Sleepwalk With Me,” “My Girlfriend’s Boyfriend”) describes in comic terms his initial reluctance to have a child and his later reluctance to parent one.
!” and one segment of the ABC mini-series “Roots: The Next Generations” (1979-81), a sequel to Alex Haley’s seminal autobiographical account of a black family’s experience in America.
“Our system of justice,” she went on, “protects everyone from being sentenced on supposition.” Two years later, though, after Mr. Milken had cooperated with federal prosecutors against his Wall Street colleagues, Judge Wood followed the urgings of both sides in the case and reduced his sentence so that he only served about two years.
But after a year of being restrained to some extent by advisers who championed that global order, Mr. Trump has replaced much of his national security team with more like-minded aides and is finally acting on his “America First” impulses in ways that are sending shock waves across Europe, Asia and North America.
Both proposals failed, but the impulse has endured.
I had fiddled with MEET IN THE MIDDLE early in my search and didn’t love it.
One is not enough for dunking in the yolk.
It is, after all, the first duty of the state to protect its citizens.” Ms. Sturgess and her boyfriend, Charlie Rowley, 45, appear to have been accidental victims .
I grew up with the printed word and I’m still part of the printed word.
Some buy apartments as investment rentals, while others seek vacation homes in Tel Aviv and areas north of the city like Herzliya Pituach, where villas, which make up 95 percent of the market, start at 7.26 million shekels (about $2 million) and go up to more than 72 million shekels (or around $20 million) on quarter-acre lots overlooking the Mediterranean.
Germany could not manage a third goal to finish off the Netherlands, although Gnabry was close with a header in the 40th minute and Werner dragged a shot wide in the 63rd.
For now, at least, Vertex appears to have the upper hand because federal law requires the state to cover Orkambi, although the state can limit its use.
It’s designed so you could speak to, or extend a hand to, whoever is on the other side.
It is an invisible buttress when the governor and attorney general harangue the Trump administration, as they did recently at a news conference in Sacramento , for “basically going to war against the state of California.” California is not the only state doing well, of course.
The dance is a series of structured improvisations built around Mr. Cooper’s text and Mr. Cochrane’s music.
Below are three cookies, appropriate for those who swear they “can’t bake,” and meant to make you feel simultaneously festive and relaxed while you watch “Love, Actually” for the ninth time this week.
Mr. Santana and others rushed to help pull the crying woman out and get her to an ambulance.
HEAVY EQUIPMENT An estimated billion people in more than 60 countries step onto a KONE elevator or escalator every day.
Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter.
“To be resilient,” Jay declares, is “to live one’s life outside the average and expectable.” But research clearly establishes that adversity is the rule, even if those experiencing it feel alienated and “not normal.” Jay herself observes that “part of the myth of resilience is that the truly resilient are outliers.” And she discusses at length the famous Grant study , which, for nearly eight decades starting in 1938, closely tracked 268 Harvard graduates (yes, all white, all male, including John F. Kennedy and Ben Bradlee).
They are paid and honored like royalty, but are expected to follow the same rules and show the same restraint as every other employee.
The affected farm has paused its egg distribution and the company has voluntarily recalled more than 206 million eggs.
Solar technology, miniaturized computer chips, CT scans and M.R.I.s are just a few examples of the technologies that were developed and delivered to the American consumer as a result of NASA’s innovation.
That is not, Dr. Sapolsky argues, a conclusion any animal could come to.
58D: I tried INC as “Business letters?” before LLC.
“She was 11,” Nanny said.
colleagues, were best left to “Mother Justice.” “His prosecutor’s background is so deeply ingrained,” said Mr. Pistole, his former deputy.
It can make us take incredibly stupid risks and give no thought at all to the consequences.
Cacao thrives in a narrow band around the Equator, and only under specific conditions — high humidity, abundant rain and fairly constant temperatures.
Leaked emails submitted in the lawsuits show that the U.A.E.
In Biarritz, France, which is one of Europe’s premier surfing destinations, two brothers who are former W.S.L.
Indeed, much of the novel’s narrative engagement comes more from the unfolding revelations about the characters’ back stories than from their current predicaments or occasional hopes for the future.
I want to work in the fashion industry, which is heavily promoted via imagery.
— a little … formulaic?
In the quarterfinals, Halep will face sixth-seeded Karolina Pliskova, who defeated Barbora Strycova, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 6-2, in an all-Czech affair.
With tens of thousands of ships passing by along one of the world’s busiest shipping lanes, the port drew only 34 ships in 2012.
His company’s seedlings and flowers are sold around the world.
Although their stories are impossible to confirm, Mr. Franco thinks that some accounts may be slightly exaggerated — perhaps because stories of defection become currency in South Korea.
“Thankfully, we didn’t, because look at what we would’ve lost,” Garcés said.
Nobody cares about his prevarications, his hypocrisy, his misogyny, his illiteracy, his rants and, most of all, his lack of a moral compass.
His greatest streak of inspiration began in 1961, when Mr. Lee was almost 40 and thoroughly disenchanted with his career.
Whether that is the product of a politically motivated effort to tarnish the party, as the court’s critics say, or the vigorous exercise of justice in a long-sclerotic system has become a matter of considerable debate.
Simone de Beauvoir drinks a zombie.
On a crisp and sunny Sunday afternoon, people gathered for what organizers called a walk of solidarity and healing near the site where the first victim was struck, which has been transformed into a large memorial, with a stone wall covered with flowers, photos and messages of hope and love.
“It’s a real chance that everyone reacts very negatively,” said Jennifer A. Hillman, an international trade expert at Georgetown Law Center in Washington.
Around that time Ms. Caruso arrived in Manhattan to audition for an “Annie” revival — a New York Times photographer captured her rehearsing on the sidewalk.
There are, in fact, important historical reasons that the idea of distinctively Buddhist tolerance figures both in nationalist disparagement of Myanmar’s Rohingya and in widespread Western astonishment at the idea of Buddhists engaging in it.
The sale confirms what collectors of celebrity memorabilia have observed this past year: Prices paid for anything related to celebrities have dramatically increased.
“This happened to people we knew, it happened to our town.” For its “lucid and tenacious coverage” of the wildfires, the staff of The Press Democrat was awarded the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Reporting.
We do not address religious uses of funding or other forms of discrimination.” “ They didn’t want to settle the question once and for all, and I anticipate a case is going to come forward to test footnote three,” said Michael Q. McShane, the director of national research at EdChoice, a pro-voucher group.
Dear Anonymous, It’s time we revisit that famous op-ed of yours.
Former Senator Joseph Lieberman, independent of Connecticut, and former Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger also made remarks.
SPORTS An article on Thursday about a raid of the International Biathlon Union misstated the location of the organization’s headquarters.
It’s a major, though long delayed, goal of Resolute Support to help draft and promote better policies, as well as ways in which men and women can report sexual harassment and assault.
The woman told his mother to “go back to Mexico,” Mr. Guzman told The Guardian.
When squeezed, the hydrogens and oxygens shuffle into other crystal structures; scientists now know of more than a dozen different forms of ice.
The Cambodian People’s Party of Hun Sen, the longtime prime minister, claims it captured every one of the 125 seats in Parliament.
Near a bank of latrines, three women — two French and one German — dragged their toddlers down a rocky lane in plastic crates on wheels.
As the rain touched the earth, it unleashed a strange panoply of smells: sweet sage, cinnamon, tree sap, wet rock and an herbal, hay-like scent, all rose up from the underbrush.
It’s strange, but the singers who give too much voice are not good for Bayreuth.
But given Mr. Trump’s angry, last-minute withdrawal of his approval of the Group of 7 final communiqué, because he did not like Mr. Trudeau’s closing news conference, some think that NATO would be safer not having a final statement.
During this nightmare — my detention and “rendition” to Libya — I was pregnant.
But a few have taken to their new role as quasi-therapists and social workers.
Egypt controlling more of the ball early, but the best chance went to Russia, who intercepted a wayward crossfield pass and almost slipped Dzyuba in on goal.
Devils at Kings, 4 p.m. (MSG+).
Lawmakers failed to do so after similar shootings last year in Las Vegas and Sutherland Springs, Tex.
“Vice,” a Dick Cheney biopic starring Christian Bale, is the most nominated film.
I also want to thank Mr. Steele’s incredible team of professionals, including assistant district attorneys Kristen Feden and Stewart Ryan, detectives Richard Schaffer, Mike Shade, Harry Hall, Jim Reape, Erin Slight, Kiersten McDonald, victims services, and many others, for their passion for justice, their skill, and their hard work and perseverance despite the odds.
Have they nothing else to present to the electorate?
Yet if not all of the names in this book will stick, the portrait of an amazingly dynamic, chaotic, trepidation-filled time will.
A tightly regulated system, they argued, could keep marijuana away from children and put billions of dollars into government budgets and legitimate companies, rather than enrich biker gangs and other members of organized crime.
At times, he served as both an official and unofficial adviser to senior Saudi officials.
Sheldon finally married Amy in the Season 11 finale of “The Big Bang Theory.” The show has been guaranteed a 12th season.
They also echo the widely held beliefs of many conservatives who worry that Mr. Trump is inflicting long-term damage on their cause, and on the country.
New problems could also arise related to WhatsApp, the messaging app owned by Facebook that is becoming popular in Myanmar.
We talked about that and about Hogan’s race for a second term against Ben Jealous, an ally of Bernie Sanders’s who is the gubernatorial nominee of the Democratic Party.
Finally, last weekend, amid the fallout from the firing of a top F.B.I.
After working for the Dodgers, Astros, Royals, Padres and Expos/Nationals organizations, he spent the 2006 and 2007 seasons at home in Tucson, Ariz., helping his wife, Carrie, run her dog-grooming business.
It’s like a public golf course.” As the afternoon got warmer he removed his shirt and hit rail shots bare-chested, an act that would surely earn an ejection from the Princeton Club in Midtown, where he currently plays.
But he had read a couple of books.
The keynote by “Black-ish” actress Tracee Ellis Ross in Los Angeles last year about expanding the definition of beauty — “I’m inviting you to let your ‘you’ flag fly,” she said — became fodder for a later appearance on Conan O’Brien .
He made the trip from across the street.
• Quotation of the day “If they’re not able to purchase their first drink of alcohol, then how are we allowed to buy guns at the age of 18 or 19?
Please let us know in the comments.
As a result, many local news organizations have shrunk or disappeared.
It’s hard to know exactly what you’re seeing in François Ozon’s deliriously campy “Double Lover,” which, early on, telegraphs the kinks to come with a body-part close-up so spellbindingly abstract that it takes a long moment to register as a vagina.
New findings in the field of genetic research are shedding light on the Sephardic origins of many Hispanics in the United States — and also, incidentally, on the extent to which many Hispanics have extensive Native American ancestry .
And it’s the wrong nail.” — Anne Kim , of the Progressive Policy Institute, on whether government-sponsored employment programs with salaries well above the federal minimum would address wage stagnation.
The Noack is somewhat larger than the Schlicker, with three manuals to its two and a swell box.
He bought a second Atlanta apartment in 2008 for $65,500 but valued it at $130,000 on his 2009 disclosure report.
“Then you buy a hard pretzel at the corner, maybe two.
That barrier is a recommended free audio guide whose moderately nifty engineering (a binaural stereo technology oversold as “3-D” sound) hardly compensates for its insulting soundtrack of actors portraying awe-struck ambassadors and gossiping aristocrats.
17 Utah (9-3) does not feature a team with a realistic shot of making the national semifinals.
Your Questions About the 2018 Winter Olympics, Answered It’s Winter Olympics time again, and the world’s best athletes will be schussing down the slopes, zooming down the track and skating across the ice.
The White House did not respond.
(He knows, as Kitch does not, that caviar is fish eggs.)
That was the ultimate happiness, your father told me.
When West Virginia teachers mounted a statewide walkout last month, earning a modest raise, it seemed like an anomaly: a successful grass-roots labor uprising in a conservative state with weak public sector unions.
She met the tennis couple when she was researching “Our Very Own Carlin McCullough,” a play about a tennis prodigy that had its premiere at the Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles this summer.
He has said that Boko Haram has been defeated, even as the war with the group enters its ninth year.
The state prosecutor, Tanja Colan-Deretic, told state television on Thursday that she had also gone to the embassy to inspect the scene, and that the assailant’s body had been sent to a morgue for an autopsy.
I took my book around the corner to the College Street Coffee House, a favorite hangout for students, writers and intellectuals for the past 75 years.
The film industry is perhaps best known for 1970s-era kung fu movies starring Bruce Lee and acclaimed ’90s-era dramas by the director Wong Kar-wai.
Desperate to settle her immigration issues, she develops a plan.
“Your senator, Tester, what he did was terrible,” Mr. Trump told a crowd in Montana on his last visit on the eve of the election.
Affirmative-action admission policies — like those in place at some universities — require that race be one part of a host of measures considered.
Not everyone was invited to the National Cathedral service, but everyone can wear a wacky sock.
“They may be considered, nowadays, as marks of disdain.
SUE TROWBRIDGE “The Lifespan of a Fact” was the best written and acted play I had seen in ages; the ensemble of Cherry Jones, Bobby Cannavale and Daniel Radcliffe was simply a gift from the acting gods.
Another picture showed a woman seated alone on the Third Avenue El Train in 1948, her pensive face lit like a scene from a film noir.
Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com .
Al Naclerio, 67, of White Plains, said he enrolled six years ago, in New Orleans, when he stumbled upon a Maguire party at a hospitality suite one night.
What are the pros and cons?
They are, crucially, not Texans.
“They’re just beating up on me,” Mr. Anderson said of the game publishers, arguing that the search and seizure order was a disproportionate response.
What is your first memory of solving?
“It could very well be that the crown prince had knowledge of this tragic event — maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!” Mr. Trump said in a statement that appeared calculated to end debate over the American response to the killing.
A description of “Becks,” about a lesbian musician who returns to the more conservative environment in which she grew up, makes it sound like an earnest, shopworn indie drama.
It turned out that she’d been constructing for a few months but didn’t feel confident enough to submit her work.
He was reunited with the bag at Copenhagen Airport.
The mayor of Taoyuan, Cheng Wen-tsan, called on the company to fulfill a promise, made in 2003, to relocate the refinery to a less densely populated area.
Social-media platforms knocked out the walls of an infinite series of salons, turning them into one gigantic city square teeming with protests and counterprotests, each faction equipped with slogans and banners, each trying to command space and crowd out the opposition.
To the Editor: Re “ When Wives Earn More Than Husbands, Neither Partner Is Comfortable Admitting It ” (The Upshot, July 18 ): Being married 60 years, I can remember when women worked outside the home mostly as nurses or teachers.
“The investigation highlights some potentially disturbing developments,” said Michael Elleman, a missile expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies who reviewed the material.
“They are kidnapping people from their home, starting with my father, who has the legal status.” NATALIE GARCIA , who watched immigration agents arrest her father, Jose Luis Garcia, as he was mowing his lawn.
_____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
A few migrants who have been detained offshore for years have recently been allowed to enter Australia for medical treatment.
“Regardless of where you live, Sheetrock costs the same,” she says, and so the income disparities grow worse even in the process of rebuilding.
“At the latest since Cambridge Analytica it has become clear that data protection is not just some nutty European idea, but a matter of competitiveness.” On March 26, Ms. Jourova wrote a letter — by post, not email — to Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s chief operating officer.
“I remain committed to the critical mission of FEMA — helping people before, during and after disasters,” Mr. Long said.
One of the most thrilling winners was European and American art history .
Amazon, for instance, fell 6.3 percent yesterday, while Netflix dropped 5 percent, and shares in both are down over 20 percent this month.
The government is also considering a plan to automatically compensate those survivors, so that their families do not have to go through the courts.
But he handily won re-election that year over Rob Astorino.
Mr. Kushner has said that the plan is largely finished and that the administration is waiting for the right moment to unveil it, but few analysts believe that the plan has much chance of success.
As Aragorn, Mortensen plays the hidden heir to the last kingdom of men, whose duty it is to help the hobbits on their quest to destroy the ring of evil.
They also highlight a serious point: The Russia investigation appears to present an existential threat to the Trump administration, in large part because Trump has not exactly hired “the best and most serious people.” They shall not be moved.
No annexation fantasy can be allowed to undercut it.
The French government has a novel experiment against online disinformation: a sweeping effort to teach students how to navigate media and the internet and sort reliable information from junk.
Hers is a community of the socially and politically marginalized, fellow “freaks” and “outcasts” — many of whom were first cast out of their families of origin — those invisible to or rejected by the mainstream.
Shouldn’t baking be one field in which they are expected to dominate?
Critics of Unrwa also contend that it has evolved into a sprawling welfare bureaucracy that perpetuates a culture of dependency among the Palestinian population, making the refugee problem even more insurmountable.
But nothing softened Mr. Kim’s image like the moment when he arrived at the border to meet with Mr.
Woods, 42, could have limped off the main stage with his legacy secure.
Those texts, many of which the Justice Department made public, fueled suspicion among Republicans that some F.B.I.
Then the researchers compared the shapes of people’s brains to see whether any Neanderthal gene variants were associated.
But his rejection of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and his endorsement of a book by the anti-Muslim activist Pam Geller are unacceptable positions for a top American official.
That they are exhibitionists, that they’re pathological, that they must have questionable motives.”
Today on “The Daily,” we discuss the immigration proposal that prompted the president’s comments.
Emergency services such as fire trucks and ambulances are also impeded by the increased congestion.
It was not an accident,” he said, adding that it was a sign that the authorities were stepping up pressure to make him leave the property.
That means everything is up for grabs.
(Farago) 212-685-0008, themorgan.org ‘THROUGH A DIFFERENT LENS: STANLEY KUBRICK PHOTOGRAPHS’ at the Museum of the City of New York (through Oct. 28).
They include laws against criminal invasion of privacy, voyeurism, impersonation or fraud, harassment and stalking.
Two weeks later, they had a first date.
draft is later this month.
She also declined to reveal her last name to a reporter, preferring to avoid the prospect of disapproval at home.
The property’s owners, Dan and Kathleen Kaul, who bought the Murray in 1991, have completed extensive renovations to the 25 rooms, which have a cozy old-world feel.
From the casual message to the long-winded card, I collected them all.
It was jarring to find a group of survivors — my former classmates — as divided as our country.
But trouble with the Morandi Bridge, which carried far more traffic than it had been designed for, was so widely understood before it fell that Corriere della Sera, one of Italy’s leading dailies, declared in a headline : “Alibis are useless because everyone knew.” In 2011, a report by Autostrade warned of “intense decay” of the bridge, which had required continuous maintenance for years.
Mr. Cohen may be in a position to strengthen that case further if he can bolster the proof that Mr. Trump’s attempts to interfere were motivated by corrupt intent or if he can offer evidence that the president tried to induce him to give false testimony.
Mr. Falk is the chief executive of the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Corporation, an affordable-housing developer in San Francisco’s impoverished Tenderloin district.
“Marriott just rolled it out in China ,” enabling guests to check into their rooms without bothering with front-desk formalities, said Ms. Te’o-Gibney, a 53-year-old grandmother of seven.
When she died suddenly, at 69, four years after my transition, I dealt with the hole in my chest by trying to honor her legacy: flying higher, achieving more and charging through the glass ceiling that had ultimately caged her potential.
But Mr. Trump’s advisers recognize that they are unlikely to draw another top executive and had been looking to hire from inside the West Wing.
March’s data, due from the Labor Department on Friday, is unlikely to match those highs.
There could be political reasons behind his killing due to internal rivalries or his activism for rights groups.” Mr. Abidi said in September that he was leaving the M.Q.M.
“I love fine art, but I would never want to see a vagina hanging on my wall,” said John K. Thompson, 62, a retired stockbroker.
So I signed on, and it was hard and rewarding.
(Later, the model could look more like that of other seed companies, which pass only a portion of profits to breeders, or license out particular seeds for royalty fees.)
The messaging service is run by a Belgian cooperative called Swift.
That game was also a loss, 35-30, to the Philadelphia Eagles.
On a recent weekday evening, rehearsal wrapped and the cast rushed into the green room to celebrate a couple of birthdays.
But his father and three uncles were pros, and he developed a brilliant short game along with superb putting.
subpoenas, according to a person familiar with the matter.
“There’s something about women in Hollywood stepping out,” said Ms. Larasi, the executive director of Imkaan , a British network of organizations working to end violence against black and minority women.
32A: Watch how the words are parsed!
Henry McMaster of South Carolina said the storm would move beyond his state overnight, but he warned that temperatures would remain frigid through the weekend.
In the letter to Libération, the signatories objected to the fact that Mr. Koons’s donation extended only to the “idea” of the work, not to its production and installation, which required donations, some of which qualified for tax deductions.
Unlike other catkin-bearing trees, willows are not wind-pollinated.
Could this be the group to power through the knockout rounds and avoid falling by the wayside like the talented yet ultimately doomed Belgian teams of past World Cups?
It was 9:30 p.m. when Sameer Tiger came to the door, a rifle slung over his shoulder.
I mean, how can you not do a film about Bessie Coleman?
Darby said he was not worried or upset when he saw the penalty flag that gave Atlanta yet another opportunity at a dramatic victory.
“It is impossible for people to live with dignity today.” Olfa Lamloum, the Tunisia country manager for International Alert , a nonprofit that seeks peaceful resolution to conflicts, said she worried “that we have the same narrative as before the revolution.” “The protesters in marginalized areas are portrayed by the authorities and mainstream media as looters or criminals,” she said, but they are expressing “a real social despair.” Safwan M. Masri , the executive vice president for global centers and global development at Columbia University, and author of the book “Tunisia: An Arab Anomaly,” said the new protests were the latest manifestation of an age-old problem: “huge economic disparity between the coastal and interior regions of the country.” He cited as a precedent bread riots that took place in the country in 1983.
The Ambassador Theater Group, the British theater giant that operates the Lyric, spent about $23 million to persuade its previous occupant, Cirque du Soleil, to shutter its “ Paramour ” musical and make way for “Cursed Child,” according to two people with knowledge of the transaction.
West Hollywood, for instance, was scheduled to present him with a key to the city.
He was a farmer’s son who became a pastor to presidents and America’s best-known Christian evangelist.
Brian Kabateck, the president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, told Matthew Shaer of The New York Times Magazine that Avenatti was “a perfect foil for Trump, because he actually sees the world just like Trump does.” Kabateck paused before adding, “In a way, he sort of is Trump.” In a way, Cohen sort of is Trump, too, with shady ties, bendy rules and limber ethics .
“My best stories come from other newspaper people and media people.
They continue to fight over how much the city should pay to help rehabilitate the subway system, another institution in crisis.
The Spartans gained admission to the Collegiate Sprint Football League, which governs the sport, in January.
Today, we found, Nikiszowiec’s charming cobbled streets have become a popular tourist stop; its brick buildings now house artist workshops and young families.
Gusts of white noise and inexorable bass thuds all but submerge “Quorum”; the 4/4 bass drum of “Dancing and Blood” wobbles on each impact as if the dance floor is buckling.
In that race, the Republican got help from radio and digital advertising by Americans for Prosperity, a Koch-funded group.
According to a study that analyzes live news coverage in Turkey’s 17 largest networks, last March — before the April 2017 referendum on constitutional amendments for and against an executive presidency — the president’s party received 470 hours of airtime, the CHP 45 hours, the MHP 15 hours, and the HDP zero minutes.
Read more » Get introspective about your career It’s never the wrong time to think about what you want in your career, so today is as good a day as any.
Most of what happens during that hour seems to be willfully, even numbingly anti-dramatic.
And does that mean we’ve become numb to this?’ It’s not O.K.
One person was missing after flash floods rampaged on Sunday through the downtown of a Maryland community that was devastated by flooding nearly two years ago.
(Her husband runs a similar program for men called Fearless Dating .)
Mr. Bolton flatly denied that, but Mr. Powell quietly told senators that he did not think Mr. Bolton was right for the job, and the Senate refused to confirm him .
With my own illness, I held back.
But the legislation falls short of benchmarks set by a more expansive overhaul proposed in Congress during Barack Obama’s presidency and of the kinds of changes sought by some liberal and conservative activists targeting mass incarceration.
This article started out as an idea: DC wondered whether the event could be featured in our wedding pages.
I think the justice system is predicated on trust.
“That is why he loves and why he directs opera.” “He also,” Mr. Whitworth-Jones said, “inspires donors to give generously!” On May 1, the company announced the first season programmed by Mr. Kramer and his music director, Martyn Brabbins, since both were hired two years ago.
So Cora asked him to take the mound again a day later, but for much longer.
When the bank merged with Chemical and later Chase, she ended up becoming a higher-level program manager, involved in many tech-driven initiatives.
There is a dreamlike intimacy to the voices that narrate her novels, as if we were not so much listening to a story being told as eavesdropping on a consciousness.
“We’re looking to find the story inside these songs, as opposed to just a revue,” said Mr. Glover, who was a young boy in Newark, N.J., when his mother and aunts toured the region performing “Don’t Bother Me” and other musicals.
Last month, the Russian firm Uralasbest posted on Facebook an image of its asbestos packaging that featured President Trump’s face along with the words: “Approved by Donald Trump, 45th president of the United States.” The company is one of the world’s largest producers and sellers of asbestos.
River’s coaching staff had laid out cones on the field, ready for the warm-up.
But, behind the persona, critics say, he is a populist who opposes same-sex marriage and abortion, and subscribes to a hard line on Brexit that seems blind to warnings of economic damage.
“It’s unusual to have a space you can be so impolite with.” The design for “Is God Is,” takes gentler liberties, but it continues the company’s commitment to handing over ample resources to early-career artists.
The office could be the last line of defense against an antidemocratic president, a federal government indifferent to environmental and consumer protection and a state government in which ethics can seem a mere inconvenience.
“She really took care of her girls and protected them,” Kelly Emberg, a former client, said in a telephone interview.
Neither of them knew how to argue or even talk things through.
Mr. Kelly later called Mr. Schumer to say the agreement lacked sufficient immigration restrictions.
While the number of students they serve is relatively small, they take on outsize importance because they are among the most prestigious schools in the city — like Stuyvesant High School and the Bronx High School of Science — and because their demographics deviate so starkly from the system over all.
“Was it not for the misery inflicted by Gaza’s status quo, no one would show up for that date with death.” Muhammad’s father, Ibrahim Ayoub, 40, said on Saturday that his son was innocent.
Dr. Gottlieb has briefed Mr. Trump several times on agency issues, like opioids and generic drugs.
This is not up to us.
This is symbolized by the numbers and graphs surround the graduate student and the pie chart obscuring the student’s face.
The best season in Predators history ended earlier than a year ago, but in the same fashion on their own ice.
A shelter wasn’t any place to live.
The conundrum for Ciudadanos is how to balance its commitment to uprooting corruption with its pledge to safeguard Spain’s political stability at a time when the government in Madrid continues to face a secessionist challenge.
He said he warned the president that his attacks were “putting lives at risk” and “undermining the democratic ideals of our nation.” Mr. Sulzberger’s lengthy, bluntly worded rebuttal was a striking rejoinder to the president by the 37-year-old publisher of a paper with which Mr. Trump has had a long, complicated relationship.
Ms. Allen suggests that when people choose to take action, they should consider the ten important questions above.
Remington is facing a lawsuit from some of the victims’ families in the Connecticut Supreme Court, where a ruling on the case has been delayed until bankruptcy proceedings end.
The Senate voted to end U.S. involvement in Yemen, the E.U.
Waters The United States had never formally ratified the Trans-Pacific Partnership with 11 other nations before Mr. Trump abandoned the trade deal .
On Friday, aides to Mr.
A coalition of medical and public health advocacy groups led by the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids sued to reverse the F.D.A.’s July extension of the regulations for e-cigarette companies.
There are at least four races in California where Democrats fear such a lockout, including the 39th Congressional District, where in addition to Mr. Cisneros and Ms. Tran there are two other Democrats running: Sam Jammal, a youthful former congressional aide, and Andy Thorburn, a wealthy health insurance executive who is backed by allies of Senator Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont.
A fascinating mix of painting and biography, the show has just a few more days to run, so if you’re going to catch it, which I seriously recommend, the time is now.
The safety commission estimates there were 29,400 amusement ride injuries requiring emergency treatment last year at all types of parks, as well as inflatable attractions and even coin-operated rides at shopping malls.
“It’s obvious that there will be multiple steps to any denuclearization,” she said, adding that verifying the process takes time.
“For me, my focus would be on kind of figuring out what I want out of the rest of my career, what I want in my future, what am I willing to accept, and if I’m willing to accept that at all,” Anthony told reporters in April.
His exquisite images, still used in textbooks, ignite synaptic charges throughout 20th-century art, from Surrealism onward.
As it turned out, Davis did more than just skip out on the second half.
Under the current map, Republicans control 13 of those 18 seats.
Mr. Abosch said this seems to him “the purest form of art — it’s the idea, without the baggage of a vessel.” He said wryly, “When I get pushback sometimes from people, I suggest they might have an unhealthy relationship with the material.” To some, these projects might seem like stunts.
( Reuters ) • Eventbrite, the ticketing company, raised its I.P.O.
Scientists for the first time have confidently identified on Mars a collection of carbon molecules used and produced by living organisms.
So on Sunday, she performed several lines from the play, reading them with ironic drama, at one point lurching into the Elaine Benes dance.
By many indications, the executive committee of the California Democratic Party is also not reflective of the electorate at large.
“I was loving it deep down, hitting the shots under pressure,” said Hall, who barely showed any emotions all round.
He wanted to move his wine business to California.
Bennett, a millionaire who was the Conservative prime minister during the height of the Great Depression, kept a 5,000-square-foot suite in the Château Laurier, a hotel adjacent to Parliament.
Each of these gross little chunks of nerve and tissue, floating in a jar stuffed away under bed, represents the life of a child, plucked out at the root.
“They’ve destroyed the steel industry, they’ve destroyed the aluminum industry, and other industries, frankly.” “We’re bringing it all back,” he added.
On this trip, the SnowCoach would reach 3,900 feet.
The Washington region is already growing by about 50,000 jobs, or an Amazon HQ2, each year , according to the D.C. Policy Center.
Whom to leave off the roster?
In August, Mr. Collins, 68, was indicted on insider trading charges.
Accounts seem to show they were money-losers , but they are built on the same ground as the demolished Methodist church where Douglass found spirituality in his youth; it was the first place he had returned to in Baltimore when slavery ended, 26 years after he had left.
“I was seriously bullying him,” she said.
Championship, but the Eagles didn’t because the score was so lopsided.
A longtime Hollywood stuntman, Joel Kramer, was accused of sexual misconduct by three women over the weekend, including one who said he assaulted her when she was just 12.
• Abejas alternativas acuden al rescate de los cultivos.
And now comes a chance to shift attention away from consumption.
“In Singapore, if you have an arowana, that means you have status,” said Kenny Lim, a local hobbyist who has invested an estimated $600,000 over eight years into building up his aquatic menagerie, which includes 13 arowana and more than 100 stingrays.
In this day and age where we’re so connected, it seems we’re so isolated.
Naipaul in “A Turn in the South.” He doesn’t ride through mansions of glory in suicide machines.
“I’m not some traffic cop,” he snarled, and when Philip took a conciliatory step toward him, Stan pulled his gun.
Brave.” Burke’s research brought David Higginbottom great relief.
Joined by Avery-Jai Andrews, Ramiro Batista, Adriana Santos and members of the Young Dance Collective — its performers are between 11 and 14 — Ms. Cullen uses dance and theater to address gender, sexuality and mental illness.
Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, bought The Washington Post in 2013.
It was a spur of the moment suggestion.
And Peter Koo, a city councilman, said the test, as it exists now, is “the most unbiased way to get into a school.” [ Read more about the opposition to the mayor’s plan .]
He had been watching footage of migrating birds and wanted to capture the way two bodies moving at high speed, tantalizingly close to each other, could still maintain their independence.
It’s all punctuated with relentless reminders of its late 1990s period — Columbia House mailers, VCRs and Discman players, “Seinfeld,” Hot Pockets, “Run, Forrest, run.” When a character checks her Tamagotchi , it’s time to surrender.
My personal preference, I don’t think there’s a necessity to touch someone like that.
The Shaws had moved into the house just four months earlier, to be close to the community’s resources for their daughter, Chelsea, who has Down syndrome, and close to Mr. Shaw’s employer, the Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
That could roil the markets again.
Sime Vrsaljko scuffles Croatia’s best chance so far, pulling down a ball near the end line on the right side before sending in a poor cross to Ante Rebic in the middle that Rebic can’t corral.
“It’s a lot of women, people of color, gay men and lesbians, Hispanic, all faiths,” she said.
Activists skeptical of the parties will be unlikely to give up the alternatives offered by super PACs and “ social welfare” organizations.
Have you been to the actual Ozarks?
“While it wasn’t an easy call, ultimately it was the right thing to do for Uber and our shareholders,” the company said in a statement.
I called up Kelly Dittmar, a political-science professor at the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University, which has been tracking the number of women in politics for nearly 50 years.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Thursday about the writer and actress Lois Wheeler Snow misstated, at one point, the number of years between Ms. Snow’s first and last visits to China.
About five years ago, Mr. Morris, 37, a lawyer who used to work in construction, customized a loft bed for the two older ones, adding shelving and storage.
On Sept. 21, 2017, he became a United States citizen, taking his oath at a military base in Georgia, his father said.
• The New York City Council voted to cap Uber vehicles and other ride-hail services , providing a model for other cities that are trying find ways to rein in the company.
The disenfranchisement of former felons remained a widespread feature of American law until the civil rights era of the 1960s and ’70s, when 17 states repealed their disenfranchisement provisions for former felons.
When baby sea turtles hatch on a beach at night, their instinct is to head to the sea.
If your credit card provides rental insurance, you’ll still need to present a formal letter, in paper form, to the agency to avoid getting charged.
The electronics giant Panasonic was once synonymous with televisions and videorecorders.
Check out our full range of free newsletters here .
“I heard they’re very inexpensive and produced for a very small amount of money, but they actually feel quite luxurious,” said Hong Jeong-hwa, 29, an attorney and a member of Incheon Metropolitan Council.
The Syrian-Finnish actor Sherwan Haji plays Khaled, a Syrian awaiting his asylum hearing while living in the Finnish capital.
“I thought, Oh, no,” Mr. Falk said.
— famously, Becky Hammon, and now Sue Bird and Toliver as well — with the desired goals of both the players and the league.
Britain, Brazil and the Middle East were also bright spots, Mr. Segal said.
But it retreated when it became an independent nation in 1901, and it endured almost half a century of economic stagnation before it opened its doors again to mass immigration after World War II.
What does that even mean?
Listen: “We Appreciate Power,” Grimes’s new track.
He also began working with a charter school in Minneapolis.
You seem to be responding, as did a number of commenters, as though I wrote a piece about “Trump voters” — a group that has, by my estimation, enjoyed too much attention.
Then I looked it up, and I was being gaslighted, and then some.
FLORENCE FABRICANT Recipe: Swordfish BLT Follow NYT Food on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Pinterest .
Wearing a mask may protect you from infecting others or your own chances of getting sick, but they are far from foolproof.
Is the “supernatural” decidedly not for you?
CALENDAR I’ll come back home and see what the big events of the day are.
Carol Reardon , a noted Civil War historian, said in a telephone interview that of the approximately four-dozen reporters covering Gettysburg on both sides of the lines, Samuel Wilkeson was regarded as one of the best.
I smiled and told them how the apple-picking technique worked.
But immigrants should be aware that they are “Australian first and foremost,” he said.
She seasons the cooked rice and scrapes it into a container to cool and leaves it in the fridge overnight to settle.
Cars could not have any markings indicating they are being used to deliver marijuana.
Along with the relatively short license, Uber was ordered to pay court costs for London’s transport authorities.
“It’s a very anxious daily job,” Sumyk said.
“I loved her,” Ms. Schriber Cox said.
Amazon Web Services brings in nearly $27 billion a year, and it accounts for 56 percent of Amazon’s profits.
Perhaps Mr. Tremblay-Berberi put it best: “Just because I’m going to see Marie Antoinette’s jewelry doesn’t mean I am not going to look at anything else.”
A couple of hours before City and United took the field, the final whistle blew on Liverpool’s straightforward, if unspectacular, victory over Fulham at Anfield.
I’m a disciplined member of the A.N.C.” Mr. Zuma demurred, insisting there was no need to resign, Mr. Pillay said.
An “alt-Facebook” could be started by Wikimedia, or by former Facebook employees, many of whom have congregated at the Center for Humane Technology, a nonprofit for those looking to change Silicon Valley’s culture.
“The unilateral cancellation of the summit was unexpected and very regrettable,” said Kim Kye-gwan, a vice foreign minister of North Korea.
These selections from the late ’60s and ’70s present the work of Tsuge in his prime as a creator of alternative manga that captured the sights and stories of the Tokyo streets.
The prospective encounter, possibly in Finland, is stirring anxieties among European leaders.
Forcibly uprooting hundreds of thousands of people who have built lives and families in the United States and returning them to countries that are in no position to receive them is not the American way.
The intertwining of the natural world — particularly on the coast — with social and emotional forces evoked in Woolf and Eliot’s writing allow these exhibitions to explore artists’ engagement with land and sea from unconventional perspectives.
The night before the Tahoe 200, she ate candy corn and pizza.
To get education to sink deep into the minds of a nation takes a generation and more.” Mr. Ramaphosa’s ties to a mining company, Lonmin, made him, in the minds of many South Africans, the symbol of an A.N.C.
He removes his wristwatch and sets it on the table.
Last June, London’s Royal Ballet hung the rainbow flag outside its historic home for the first time.
Browse our full range of Times newsletters here .
If you test a sink while the inspector is testing a shower, for example, you might alter the results.
On Thursday night at the N.Y.U.
Radical Democrats are actually pretty reasonable.
What exact tone of navy or gray?’’ The one shade no one will ever spot in a Cucinelli collection, Mr. Bastian added, is green: “He hates green.
I fear living a life where I cannot climb the economic ladder because of my student loan debt.
My roommate and I make short films every weekend.
The nonpartisan Cook Political Report rates the seat as “solid Republican.” See full results and maps from the Vermont primaries.
Swift has said that the secretary did nothing improper and that he had resigned from his foundation’s board of directors before the deal was made.
His father taught industrial arts at Prairie View A&M University, a historically black university in Prairie View, Tex.
If you follow this person, or you pay attention to this person, it will make you insane too,’” he said.
BILL CLINTON, president: Starr’s lawyers were trying to capitalize on the setup by getting me on videotape discussing things in graphic detail that no one should ever have to talk about publicly.
Mr. Guo has been accused of bribery, fraud and money laundering, which he denies, and is wanted in China.
But in 2018, can Brancusi still release our inner poet?
But he agreed to return in 2008, when Mr. Tsvangirai defeated Mr. Mugabe in the first round of a presidential election.
It included Desiree Linden (2018 Boston champion), Molly Huddle (national 10-kilometer record-holder), Allie Kieffer (fifth in New York last year) and Stephanie Bruce (2018 10K national road champion).
Photographs of Mr. Kim stepping off the Chinese jumbo jet drew immediate quips about North Korea’s reliance on its much larger and wealthier neighbor.
The federal agencies investigating the outbreak, the C.D.C.
He said he loves opportunities to express his true self through makeup, and this year’s prom was the perfect opportunity to blend his budding makeup-wand skills and his community.
”Life is all about choices and every choice has a consequence whether it be positive or negative,” Curtis Rhodes, the superintendent, said in a statement posted on Facebook.
“We are willing to continue discussions” on proposals to keep the government funded, he added.
The last chance was Raheem Sterling in a nut shell.
The new boxes are expected to arrive in stores this week.
“Florida has gone the wrong way since Sandy Hook for sensible laws,” Ms. Gardiner said, citing a Florida law that would have restricted doctors from even asking patients about gun safety.
She nevertheless expressed regret over how she handled the situation.
Ken White, a former federal prosecutor, is a criminal defense lawyer and First Amendment litigator at Brown White & Osborn in Los Angeles, and a host of “All the President’s Lawyers,” on radio station KCRW.
The window in my bathroom was a stained-glass rendering of a cave man overlooking a valley rich with jewel tones.
She will go without her husband, who has used disparaging language to refer to immigrants from some African countries.
The move won’t help China deal with the huge debt racked up by local governments in recent years, but it does free up money for banks to lend.
He added, “Sometimes I’m still in a state of shock how quickly these ideas have managed to take root.” Artist Unclassifiable exhibitions are all the rage, and “multimedia artist” is the most frequently claimed self-descriptor in the art world.
In my three years at New York Lawyers for the Public Interest working with New York City residents confined to immigration detention in county jails, I’ve witnessed a growing human rights crisis.
That’s what happened with NETFLIX ORIGINAL — how fortuitous that it’s a 15!
The collective voice of victims of sexual assault, spurred by the revelations against the movie producer Harvey Weinstein and other powerful men, has become a forceful, cathartic revolt.
“What do you need?” asked a woman on a crowded sidewalk facing MacArthur Park, the epicenter of the trade, clutching a notebook in which she prepared to jot down an order.
One of his generation’s best guitarists, he is also among one of the most deft at bringing classic blues into the 21st century.
Thus the various pieces of the constitutional and regulatory scheme work together: If indictment is off the table, then impeachment must be on it; and (perhaps in a future setting) if impeachment is off the table because of nefarious congressional activity, then indictment must be on it.
By Friday, smoke had pushed pollution levels in Northern California past those in some of the worst-ranked cities in China and India.
Still, Mr. Cassel stayed focused, barely looking up when his agent appeared across the terrace and showily tapped his watch to remind the actor of his urgent impending appointment.
President Xi Jinping of China is sending his top economic policymaker to Washington on Tuesday in a bid to reduce trans-Pacific trade tensions before China’s congress convenes for its annual session.
After losing her first tooth, she recognizes the Tooth Fairy, shopping incognito, and chases her through a grocery store.
Disney sold Miramax to an investor group in 2010.)
But unlike last year, simply filling out the team has proved to be an obstacle.
Soybeans are central to the spat with Beijing, because China relies on America for much of its supply.
His son still lives at home, but he prefers his job operating an excavator at construction sites to toiling at his father’s cornfield.
But Mr. Giuliani raised new questions about whether Mr. Trump had paid hush money to other women and suggested the president might invoke the Fifth Amendment to avoid testifying in the special counsel’s Russia investigation.
The DNA of the show was his, and continues to be his really.
A committee evaluated thousands of designs (including one with a beaver wearing a Mountie hat).
“Even if this unsubstantiated claim, raised on the eve of sentencing, is not waived, it is facially meritless.” Mr. Green contended in court papers that the men had had an “acrimonious” relationship since Mr. Castor, in his effort to win the nomination, had sought to rattle Mr. O’Neill during a debate between them.
Juliana Barbassa contributed reporting from New York.
In the end, I would consider keeping a wireless charger only in the bedroom or in a briefcase.
“It is misleading and unfair to imply it did not respond to occurrences that were never reported and of which it had no notice,” she said.
Seven years ago, Islam Dabbas, an engineering student, was thrown in prison for protesting against the Syrian government.
If you are new to solving the New York Times Crossword, you might not be aware that some of our constructors are also artists.
As the head of public relations at Google, she ran a sprawling team that sought to buff the search company’s image and to keep criticism of the world-dominating, do-everything tech behemoth to a minimum.
Baby boomers are used to being the center of the universe, the population blip that defined things until our children displaced us.
It was criticized as being everything from too superficial to too deep.
We’re in a cyberwar with Russia, and we have an administration that barely accepts it and is doing nothing — which is particularly worrisome ahead of the midterm elections.
Here’s our analysis of the biggest N.B.A.
Most architecture firms are small businesses with no dedicated human resources department; when the problem is coming from the top, how does this rule change the outcome for the employee?
Elisa Massimino, former president of Human Rights First, an advocacy group, said that every president had to navigate complex relationships with allies, balancing sometimes competing interests, but that Mr. Trump did not understand the power that came from being clear about values.
Cyril began playing ukulele at 3 and slack-key guitar at 7.
Some confront politicians, join gun-control groups and flock to rallies.
Her lawyer said Mr. Seacrest had asked her inappropriate sexual questions, slapped her buttocks, given her a bear hug while wearing only his underwear, “forced himself on top” of her and grabbed her crotch.
Tafisa Nyattie, 30, who has lived in a camp here since 2013, has six children.
“We want to work with the president of the United States,” Mr. Gingrich said in one of his first network interviews , referring to the man Republicans would later impeach.
But both shots fell short, and the Red Raiders advanced, 69-66.
But he decided that this would be going too far.
At a minimum, a structural engineer should review the viability of taking out the slab.
I bet Barbra doesn’t whine once in ‘A Star Is Born!’” But I lost the battle.
To determine the origin of this crystal matrix, Dr. Jedd and his team isolated the proteins that built them, homed in on one called OCTIN and traced it to a single gene.
Thanks for reading The Tip Sheet.
And it does, in fact, look amazing.
Those who blame the mentally ill for these murders are neglecting the real cause of the mass casualties.
“I was shocked by the new allegations released today against Rob Porter,” Mr. Kelly said in the statement.
The poem he mailed on June 21 had no title.
“I’m sort of brand agnostic.
It is also the latest salvo in a talent arms race among streaming services.
So except for a couple of albums … What’s your favorite?
But they illustrated that not all Russians were acquiescing to Mr. Putin’s step-by-step rollback of freedoms won after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Mr. Trump may have exceeded Mr. Rockefeller’s capacity to enrage New Yorkers when he signed off on ending state and local tax deductions that had been a boon for New Yorkers.
Apologies are difficult for doctors, not only because we have to cope with hurting someone, but also because we are scared of the legal implications of admitting culpability.
The Empire Rooftop with its lush, green outdoor space that’s full of seating, is near Lincoln Center.
It’s more than just a deep sleep: When black bears hibernate, they do not eat, drink or defecate, their body temperature dips and their heart rate slows to as little as nine beats per minute.
A couple of days later, he harvested the last of the soybeans, but chose to store the final batch — roughly 4,500 bushels — at a grain elevator.
It’s good for disjointing a chicken, smashing cucumbers for a Sichuan salad or making short work of garlic: Zwilling Pro Mini-Cleaver, $59.99 (sale price), williams-sonoma.com .
If you want to be great at something, learn from the best.
If Mr. Trump decides to exclude Brazil and South Korea from the tariffs, and allows Canada and Mexico to remain exempt, he will have given a reprieve to the four largest foreign suppliers of steel to the United States, together accounting for half of all steel imports.
A recent Brookings Institution study by Judith Scott-Clayton found that the loan-default rate for borrowers with a bachelor’s degree was less than 8 percent.
Trish Nelson, a former server who said she experienced years of verbal abuse from Ms. Bloomfield and sexual harassment from Mr. Friedman and his friends at the Spotted Pig, including Mr. Batali, said Ms. Bloomfield “has always been out for herself.
He could face third-seeded Juan Martín del Potro in the third round.
Serve with an affable veg everyone likes — maybe green beans, with a little crunch.
Mr. Morley supported himself there as a waiter, and one night a customer asked him what a young Englishman was doing waiting tables in New York.
Mr. McConnell’s Republican allies say that given the tumult and twists and turns of the Kavanaugh fight, Mr. McConnell should not be held responsible if the nomination goes awry in the next few days.
He has visited each of the state’s 254 counties, he says, because he would not vote for a party that never showed up in his town, either.
Highlights included a violin-banjo “Devil Went Down to Georgia” duel (with the crowd shouting, “Banjo!
Yet as he fashioned himself as a superstar executive, Mr. Sorrell also came under sharp scrutiny — especially for his increasingly lavish pay packages, which came to symbolize boardroom excess in Britain.
Craigslist, little changed since it unveiled its spare text design in 1995 and began to crush the paid print classifieds business, will no longer offer a way for anonymous people to connect for romance or sex.
Mr. Tunney was first elected to the House of Representatives from Southern California in 1964, the year of President Lyndon B. Johnson’s landslide victory over Senator Barry Goldwater.
He said the contract, which was not widely known within the company until The New York Times reported it in June , had “rightly raised” concerns.
How have Republicans and Democrats on the committee responded to this most recent turn of events and why?
For Japan, it was a loss to remember.
Americans have done this before.
They wanted the Mets to spend to fill the glaring holes in their roster.
Their first movie was the 1982 comedy “Labyrinth of Passion,” in which he plays a terrorist.
The app was originally designed for entertainment news, but Mr. Carter suggested that the founders broaden the scope.
The rebels rebirth as a party competing for votes had been considered a central pillar.
The Canada Day retaliation, Mr. Sosnow said, appears largely intended for the home crowd more than for the White House.
The groom, 32, works at the Department of Financial Services in New York, where he investigates financial fraud in the banking and insurance industries.
In New Jersey, manhole covers were pushed up, causing flash flooding, the National Weather Service reported.
But Venezuela’s prisons are chronically overcrowded, with crumbling facilities and a shortage of personnel.
These high-speed mobile networks will form the infrastructure backbone that ultimately connects home appliances, streetlights and driverless cars to the internet.
I’m just sorry I didn’t recognize it, and I just hope that out of this we’ll be better, and we can avoid it, and we can help everybody just be smarter about the whole thing.” The investigation arose from an article in Sports Illustrated in February that painted a picture of a workplace teeming with problems for female employees.
ARTS & LEISURE A music entry in the Pop Listings on Page 25 about the Electric Zoo festival misstates ticket information.
“She works for every point, still.
Ms. Morisseau parallels his spiritual decay with that of the city.
There were calls by some politicians to boycott the tournament.
[ New York Times ] • New York City expanded a taxi dispatch program to allow people in wheelchairs in boroughs outside of Manhattan to request a wheelchair-accessible cab.
But that does not mean he is willing to give up his weapons.
In separate studies, Dr. Ebert and Dr. Walsh gave mice a bone-marrow transplant containing stem cells with a CHIP mutation, along with stem cells that were not mutated.
Dr. Goldstein, 30, is studying for a master’s degree in public health at Johns Hopkins University’s Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore.
They were married 72 years and died hours apart.
He also received both a master’s degree in English and a law degree, summa cum laude, from Duke.
They were scheduled to face the decorated Clayton Kershaw on Tuesday, and the star rookie Walker Buehler on Wednesday — and they will be doing it without Story, their cleanup hitter.
He did not study any Native Americans in the United States, with whom Ms. Warren would presumably be most closely related.
HANKS Or whether Social Security should be privatized.
Mildred Edna Cotton was born on April 11, 1929, in Chatham County, N.C., her parents’ youngest daughter.
The leading candidate, Andrés Manuel López Obrador , wants to reverse policies that have tied a knot between Mexico and the United States in recent years in energy production and consumption.
“I loved being in the middle of something big, and the biggest thing in my life was Ralph,” she wrote in one of her more plaintive passages.
Palely photographed and anchored by a quiet, rather weary performance from Ms.
He is a co-chairman of the Problem Solvers Caucus , a group of Republicans and Democrats who recently crafted legislation that would address gun violence and school safety.
During a radio interview on Monday, Mr. Ebrard acknowledged the insults from the Trump administration but said that there was space to work with Washington.
Damian Collins, the Conservative member of Parliament leading the inquiry, said in a statement, however, that “companies like Facebook should initiate their own research into issues like this, where there is such clear public concern, and not just act on intelligence that has been passed to them.” “They are best placed to investigate activity on their platform.”
“We don’t want to have to ramp up,” said Chris Palusky, president of Bethany.
The Blue Jackets book-ended their season with solid play, though it sagged in the middle.
The unusually high incidence of intersex athletes in the women’s middle distances and their reported 100 percent win share in the women’s 800 meters at the Olympic Games in Rio show their disproportionate power.
security operations have long been criticized for targeting racial and religious minorities for extra screening.
Advanced metrics, however, showed Gonzalez was hitting the ball better than his numbers indicated.
When Fidel Castro came to power after the revolution, one of his early edicts essentially sought an end to racism.
And it is a big win for the Justice Department, which would like to avoid attention on the role of politics in its decision to stop the deal.
The president wants us to know that if he’d been outside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., when the shooting began, “I’d run in there even if I didn’t have a weapon.” Can there be any doubt?
On Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, Alibaba posted an image of Mr. Ma’s new business card.
President Trump castigated the German government on Monday for its open-door policy toward migrants , saying that it was responsible for an increase in crime and could conceivably lead to the downfall of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s coalition .
When customers walk in here and see me, at first they probably think I don’t have the skills, because I look young, too,” she said.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion) , and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter .
Doing this would require restoring the American Embassy personnel to its pre-Trump levels so that officials can have broader contacts with the government and with the population — as was negotiated under the Obama administration.
“They were my babies,” she said.
China’s global aspirations have led it to partly fill that vacuum, but China regards the United Nations as a club of states, not a force to protect individuals, including from their own government.
And I was swept in.” Below are edited excerpts from our talk.
The movie explores some of her insecurities, particularly with regard to her eating disorder, but its tone never strays too far from the light and breezy.
CAROLINA BEACH, N.C. — With Hurricane Florence on course to slam into the Carolinas this week and a mandatory evacuation order in place, Jim Hempfling stood all alone outside the High Tide Lounge in this barrier island town on Tuesday, trying to squeeze out one more vacation day as he cast a fishing line into the rising waves.
The opportunity came off a neat little corner kick move.
With two on in the fifth, Bradley lined a ball that bounced off the top edge of the wall and up, back toward the field.
He is a politician easier to envision in the president’s box at a University of Florida football game than posing for selfies in diverse South Beach.
“DOD’s continuing to provide assistance to units for which the department has credible information of a gross violation of human rights undermines efforts by U.S. government officials to engage with the Afghan government on the importance of respect for human rights and rule of law,” the report said.
Whatever got her hired — displacing “Today’s Take,” the 9 a.m. show hosted by the black anchors Tamron Hall and Al Roker — it sure wasn’t an ability to be relaxed and conversational on morning TV, which she never demonstrated before “Megyn Kelly Today,” nor during it .
I was against Donald Trump in 2016 for reasons specific to Donald Trump, but in general I think the populist movements in Europe and America have legitimate grievances and I often prefer the populists to the “reasonable” elites.
Mr. Hanno, also 29, is a research analyst for Mathematica Policy Research in Cambridge, Mass.
But my sweet mother has turned her back on her pan of sautéing Teflon flakes, picked up a butcher knife and is stabbing a carton of juice to get it open.
And John Dowd quit the president’s legal team for the special counsel inquiry.
And they are pouring money into Serbia’s defense industry, including aerospace manufacturing.
Mr. Carson invited him to a Baltimore listening tour last summer, despite a warning from department lawyers, during one of his daily briefings, about a potential ethics problem.
Ms. Harrison said she wanted to major in biology and work as a neonatal intensive care unit nurse, inspired by the women who cared for one of her brothers, Zayden, in such a unit.
He did not elaborate on what Mr. Indiana had used the cash for, other than to say that the artist gave him $35,000 to buy a car.
This rule clarified that they could not build that mound on top of something else.
According to analysts, traders and bankers , he may soon need Russian government support to stay afloat: Shares in Rusal, the aluminum producer he controls, have fallen 55 percent since Friday, when the sanctions were unveiled.
Twenty years ago, Mr. Miniero started building his own in his Dyker Heights bakery, but when he retired, he put it outside his house and covered it in plexiglass.
But most important is leadership, which so far Mr. Trump has refused to provide.
Risking her career, she sued Warner Bros. to get out of her contract, which she had signed in 1936.
On Friday, he huddled with colleagues on the Senate floor and delayed a vote on a House-passed spending measure for more than five hours for negotiations to continue and colleagues to arrive from the airport.
But do we really want to spike the ball at a time when the country is embroiled in two wars, with no end in sight?
He would change the second most important amendment based solely on his emotional lack of logic, not on history.
In one of the largest settlements ever awarded to individual victims of sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church, four men who were abused as children reached an agreement with the Diocese of Brooklyn and a local after-school program on Tuesday.
This is a way for you to use the resources you have but also do some work yourself.
Fertilizer might not seem an obvious source of geopolitical tension.
He is one of many scholars who believe that deep-seated psychological traits help explain voters’ attraction to such leaders.
Claire’s traveling dress practically sinks her when it’s wet (“Outlander” doesn’t skimp on the heft of a 18th-century ensemble).
[ New York Times ] • New York’s humor and imagination were on full display at the Easter Parade and Easter Bonnet Festival on Fifth Avenue.
Singer endorsed her interpretation (he hated Ms. Streisand’s), and casting began.
People develop powerful relationships with their cellphones.
Few genetic manipulations made prostate cancers spread in the animals as they do in humans.
Then she went to the hospital to have forensic evidence collected and receive treatment for her wounds, among them a scratched cornea and abraded wrists.
Plants around the world absorbed those isotopes during photosynthesis, effectively turning them into a time stamp.
“We believe such coverage should be available under both Medicare Advantage and traditional Medicare,” he said.
After thrashing the Florida Panhandle, Michael slogged through states still reeling from the effects of Hurricane Florence last month .
In response, the United States Customs and Border Protection agency shut down the border crossing in both directions and fired tear gas to push back migrants from the border fence.
She had never considered retirement, choosing instead, as she told The Times in 2017, to “give politics a try.” She was twice elected an alderwoman in Middletown, winning her second election by a single vote.
What do you want to see here?
Its counterpart, a poem or song about the evening, is a nocturne .
Keyri was placed in the temporary care of a foster family.
“So the widely reported flattening of China’s emissions while economic growth continued apace was misleading,” said Robert Stavins, an energy economist at Harvard University.
Admittedly I slept through most of it, but each time I woke up the ambience was of something poised and delicate being held aloft, ever so carefully.
Surely, then, the title refers to the lobbyists, the only characters as powerful at the end as they were at the beginning.
Family members still live near one another and see each other almost daily.
Follow NYT Food on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Pinterest .
The report was widely publicized and held up as an example of the festival’s outmoded way of operating.
The big question: Will anyone else follow Starbucks?
The two had graduated the same year from West Point, 1936.
(Autopilot was in use during a 2016 crash in Florida that killed a Tesla driver, but safety officials concluded that the crash did not result from a flaw in the system but found it lacked safeguards to prevent its misuse.)
In the past, most cheerleaders put up with these brutal conditions, figuring that cheering was a temporary job and there was no point fighting to change it when it was meant to be a steppingstone.
But it’s also important to recognize that these virtues depend on deeper forms of wisdom and consensus, and they can’t always sustain themselves in cultures and institutions that are simply going bad.
The police said Mr. Sharan received about $35,000 from Mr. Ganor from 2013, when Mr. Sharan was an aide to the minister of finance, until 2016, though the money was paid through other businessmen to conceal the connection.
We kept an online game going concurrently with the ones we played in person, and she started emailing multiple times a day, sometimes directly urging me to take my turn, and other times dropping a hint by making a reference to our game in progress.
“Most likely, people were in Alaska by 20,000 years ago, at least,” said Dr. Willerslev.
KATHRYN SHATTUCK Jan. 15 to Feb. 15; womensvoicestheaterfestival.org .
It always feels good to come out here and play Torrey Pines.”
“I’ve been looking forward to seeing this film since I was 12 years old,” said Randy Haberkamp, 61, the academy’s managing director of preservation and foundation programs.
The Long Island Nets, an affiliate of the Brooklyn Nets basketball team, also call Nassau Coliseum home.
“The brand name is a vessel that carries ideas into the marketplace,” he said.
Investigators said an engine , made by CFM International, a joint venture between General Electric and France’s Safran, suffered a catastrophic failure in midair when a fan blade broke, creating shrapnel that punctured a window in the plane.
But it was a day of dissonant messaging from the White House .
Right then, Lee Sang-hwa of South Korea was inching toward the starting line in the women’s 500-meter speedskating event.
Advocates for more secular education in yeshivas found reason to celebrate last month, when Democrats seized a commanding majority in the New York State Senate.
But in Tuesday’s ruling, the court said that Kesha’s “counterclaim seeking declaratory relief terminating the agreements on the ground of impossibility and impracticability of performance was speculative, contradicted by her own allegations that she had continued performing under the agreements.” Kesha has toured in recent years and released a new album, “Rainbow,” last year on RCA and Kemosabe Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music started in 2012 as a joint venture with Dr. Luke.
Based on the clothing found, and a tentative identification by the medical examiner, the authorities believe the body is that of Ms. Tibbetts.
There would also be places where drug users could get access to social services and programs to help them deal with their addiction.
), a room’s exact dimensions (Bisazza consults architectural elevations, plans and drawings) and any features that might interrupt the design.
The fire on Sunday was reported just before 4 a.m. in the Little Village neighborhood, the spokesman, Larry Langford, said.
But the threats I faced as a journalist were nothing compared to the abuse and attacks that began after I began My Stealthy Freedom in 2014, a campaign against Iran’s compulsory hijab laws.
In the quarter that ended June 30, for instance, Amazon’s cloud service generated $6.1 billion in net sales, up almost 50 percent from the same quarter in 2017.
He’s going to do a good job.” The report, by the website Axios , said Mr.
What’s the point of pitching through something and actually injuring yourself?
Demand came from both endurance trail events as well as road races.
Some local officials use chilling language to describe the purpose of detention, such as “ eradicating tumors ” or spraying chemicals on crops to kill the “weeds .” Labeling with a single word the deliberate and large-scale mistreatment of an ethnic group is tricky: Old terms often camouflage the specifics of new injustices.
As high tide neared, the gentle waves lapped the sand a foot further down the beach.
We need to believe this won’t happen again.” On Monday, Ms. Raisman accused the Olympic committee on Twitter of “shamelessly taking credit” for the resignations of three members of the board of U.S.A.
Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat.
Nike currently pays the owners a percentage of the wholesale price of all N.F.L.-related merchandise that it sells.
Over the decades since that time, my position on conductors has softened (a little), but my position on bullies has not.
When Raniere met Salzman, who had a successful therapy practice near Albany at the time, they began having conversations, just two people going back and forth talking, and soon, Salzman said, she started to feel better, more joyful.
According to that filing, the co-conspirator identified separately as Mr. Vella agreed with Mr. Leissner and Mr. Ng, in a 2012 meeting, to keep Goldman’s compliance department in the dark about the scheme to bribe government officials to secure financing for a deal.
“Jeff Sessions is loyal to the president and he’s one of the first to support him, and he’s often in very difficult positions and I think he’s trying to reconcile as best as he can,” he said .
I wish you could reserve tickets in advance without being there.
But no justification can excuse perjury.
Some who had kept working because their jobs were deemed to be essential said they did not know whether they would get back pay for the time they had worked.
[Read this recent Twitter thread to see Ms. Callimachi’s responses to readers’ questions about her work covering ISIS.]
During Mr. Pompeo’s visit to Pyongyang in July, he spoke over a secure phone line with Mr. Trump, Mr. Bolton and John F. Kelly, the White House chief of staff.
He knew that was not how greatness works.
The Paterson police director, Jerry Speziale, said on Thursday that Officer Then had been suspended without pay, and that his case was “not indicative” of the performance of the 418 other members of the department.
When I saw the show at the Louvre in May, I was particularly taken by the studies on paper, revealing the calculation that preceded his major Romantic canvases, as well as his notebooks from North Africa, whose delicate watercolors of arcades, mosques and men in burnooses evade Orientalist stereotyping.
The backwoods goes big city at the Hewing Hotel, where woody interiors and rustic décor warm the industrial setting, and dishes like pork wild rice sausage at its restaurant Tullibee feed the lumberjack spirit.
Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars.
There have been 24 publicly announced individual guilty pleas in the case so far.
After that, so much for her loyalty to Sister Jean.
— Michael de la Merced Andrew’s take: A favorite Wall Street parlor game is whether the JPMorgan Chase C.E.O.
For baseball and its broadcast partner, TBS, Yankees-Red Sox is the dream.
But Barbara Bush was a legendary figure in Trump’s own party.
… The Rangers next play at Pittsburgh on Sunday night, while the Islanders are at Montreal on Monday night.
Figure skating is changing, with newer music, sometimes with lyrics, and more creative costumes.
She throws it into the fireplace the moment she gets home, for reasons viewers can only guess.
(He later admits to a former girlfriend who appears in the novel that he doesn’t remember “exact details” but, rather, “moods, that kind of thing.” Hmm.)
Known for his scrupulous rehearsal methods and programs that combine academic rigor with a sense of adventure, Mr. Jurowski, now 46, is until July 2 conducting the original version of Mussorgsky’s “Boris Godunov” for the first time in the history of the Opéra de Paris.
For train riders and drivers who are forced to rely on crumbling bridges and tunnels, help cannot come soon enough.
Were you forwarded this newsletter?
A federal magistrate judge in New York granted the government’s request to issue a warrant for the data under the 1986 federal law, the Stored Communications Act.
He began staging works by composers Mr. Levine had previously shown little interest in; championing new and sometimes controversial production styles; and launching the Met’s “Live in HD” simulcasts to cinemas.
“We usually have about 80 flavors a day, but Marty knows what he wants,” said Mr. Pesso, 60, with a laugh.
And we should be very worried about what the future holds.
Mr. Orban’s Fidesz Party had already tilted elections and the news media heavily in its favor, but Mr. Mudde said, “with the government also in full control of the elections, with no independent judiciary oversight, we can no longer pretend elections will be even remotely free and fair.” “This means Hungary becomes an authoritarian regime, in which opposition is allowed to exist, but not allowed to fundamentally challenge, let alone change, the regime,” Mr. Mudde said.
His ex-wife, Kim Ellison, has said he was never abusive during their 25-year marriage.
Biles took herself to task after the all-around, unhappy with a series of uncharacteristic mistakes.
Then she ran away from home.
Yet by the early 1990s, the right-to-life public argument would prevail, as evangelical advocates would emphasize, and the evangelical base would accept, the rights-of-the-unborn justification over the immorality of obtaining an abortion.
( Bloomberg ) • Martin Sorrell’s departure from WPP will make it harder for creative entrepreneurs to sell out and get rich, John Gapper writes.
If you’re craving a specific dish, such as chicken potpie or meatloaf, ask for it but with a caveat: give advance notice, preferably 12 hours, if you want a labor-intensive dish or something particularly special.
As she points out, she has never been the type to be cast in glossy leading lady roles.
But how many of our personal, professional or national problems might be solved if we desisted from depending on shortcuts?
“I wouldn’t say it’s exciting,” Serena Williams said on Wednesday, “but it’s definitely going to be a really tough match for me.
It too is represented in the Washington exhibition — organized by John Elderfield, chief curator emeritus of painting and sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art, New York, with Mary Morton of the National Gallery of Art, and Xavier Rey, former director of collections at the Musée d’Orsay — in the person of a man named Vallier, who was Cézanne’s gardener.
The little nuances between these stories, however, are distinctions with major implications.
“For me, the most amazing thing is how they keep together given how precarious the environment is,” said Dr. Sendova-Franks.
After Podladtchikov, known as IPod, pulled out of the Olympics, Pearce wrote him a message on Instagram with praise for the wisdom and courage “to give up a shot at another gold medal.
The couple met in February 2010 in San Francisco.
[ The East Bay Times ] • The M.L.B.
Elina now has a job in Kigali from 6:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., at the company where Charlotte works.
Also, use time differences to your advantage: You probably do not need to check your inbox when people at home are sleeping.
It was the poor punts and shallow returns, the frequent miscues.
( Read the full transcript here. )
The Democrats are emphasizing fighting grit these days, not compassion or technocratic expertise.
The hotel’s new guests — or inmates — received a cooler welcome.
The monumental incoherence and inaccessibility of “Finnegans Wake,” it’s easy to argue, is the best evidence of Joyce’s horror vacui and an epic paean to a father’s conviction of his daughter’s genius.
Glencore is also a major player in coal, with 26 mines in countries such as Australia, Colombia and South Africa.
I once tripped and landed hard on an irregular sidewalk while carrying two shoeboxes in my arms.
Mr. Lee’s victory, though, was something of a relief to many party leaders.
• Want to seem more likable?
What are you hoping to write about?
I’d be skeptical that it will help Bredesen, who seems to be falling behind and wasn’t really counting on young voters in the first place.
Maybe what they are really afraid of is failing at solving crossword puzzles, whatever that means.
He bought it last fall, stained the floors and moved in during the winter, living out of boxes while he was renovating — gutting the kitchen, changing bathroom fixtures, replacing the odd orange doors and ancient ceiling fans, painting and wallpapering.
Such turmoil does not herald a wholesale reversal of white evangelical politics.
• The Times, in other words Here’s an image of today’s front page , and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles .
lab is no longer side by side with Mr. Zuckerberg because it also grew too large.
They also travel on high alert for the gang members or train security guards who sometimes board the trains to extort or rob the riders.
You don’t have to know about power skating or stick time to get sucked into this moving story.
This general crisis was foretold by a surprising prophet.
Germany’s Social Democrats had their worst electoral result since 1933.
So she’s thinking they might take the thing on the road.
The tomb contained the remains of four occupants — three men and a woman — and funerary wares.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed up on Monday, the first day of trading after Mr. Trump’s pugnacious stance rattled the summit meeting of the Group of 7 nations that was held over the weekend.
But for some reason, Gabler’s dot is barely larger than the period at the end of this sentence.
If they gather enough information to pursue a criminal case, the government could charge individuals and institutions.
Because of its overwhelming number of Airbnb units, Koukaki has ample infrastructure for tourists like coin laundry and luggage storage facilities.
Just reach out and ask for help, either with your cooking or with our technology: cookingcare@nytimes.com .
Another, “The rouge on her lips was the color of umeboshi,” mixed Bermondsey gin, Campari, plum wine and orange peel.
United States officials, who are notoriously less loquacious, also went totally dark.
With full-time jobs and other responsibilities, it can be nerve wrecking to not know where your child is 24/7 … however by using GPS to monitor their every movement, where does that leave room for trust and communication?
It was not Olympiakos in 2005, when Steven Gerrard had to intervene in the dying minutes to send Liverpool through and mayhem swept through the Kop.
JOAN JETT I gotta say right off the bat, talking about myself in this way is just strange.
Much more important, it will also enable Democrats to save health care for millions of Americans (myself included), though President Trump will doubtless now continue his Ahab-like pursuit of President Barack Obama’s legacy in the courts and the federal bureaucracy.
“I told them they did not come to my district,” he said.
“My life ain’t right.” In the middle of her speech, a woman sitting behind her suddenly called out, “I hope you rot in hell!” Court security officers escorted her from the room.
Microsoft dominated its rival in the 1990s, riding the popularity of its Windows operating system to become the largest publicly traded company by the end of the decade.
She graduated from the University of North Carolina.
And with a faster, more reliable subway, those same residents could also commute more quickly not just to Manhattan but to hospitals, nursing homes, health care clinics and community colleges in the outer boroughs, the source of a lot of the city’s more recent job growth.
HELLER Let’s talk about how songs get theatricalized.
He is a vice president, but not the sole vice president.
Watching these developments, Dr. Erlich wondered about the odds of identifying any given person through cousins’ DNA in one of these databases.
Elissa Taub, a lawyer in Memphis who secured the EB-1 for the German gymnast, said that some of her denials “burn me to this day,” like that of a nuclear astrophysicist who had produced groundbreaking work at a national lab.
Speaking before the vote, Ms. Dancila focused on plans to raise the minimum wage, improve transport and reduce bureaucracy.
officer, is skilled at hiding his communications.
When given a chance, and when the campaign message is stark, voters will turn out for candidates who prefer inclusion to exclusion.
All Those Books You’ve Bought but Haven’t Read?
“But I do.” Mr. Carr has always hustled, which served him well in the world of video production.
A. Microsoft offers a few different versions of its Office suite, and the Office 365 edition is subscription-based — so think of it more as a rental and less of an outright purchase.
More culinary inspiration may be found, free of charge, on our Instagram , Facebook and Twitter pages.
In the late 2000s and early 2010s, it introduced some Ladies First models, featuring complications such as a perpetual calendar and a chronograph.
Whether or not there’s already enough evidence to impeach Mr. Trump — I think there is — we will learn what the special counsel, Robert Mueller, has found, even if his investigation is cut short.
Mr. Pickens, who shook up the oil business, who shaped a generation of shareholder activists, who supported dubious propaganda aimed at a presidential candidate and who was ahead of his time in evangelizing for renewable energy, was finally calling it quits.
“I’d be cautious about drawing a direct link to any potential cause,” said Jason Levine, executive director at the Center for Auto Safety, an advocacy group in Washington, D.C. “But it’s certainly worth trying to figure out why those numbers are what they are.” Among the unanswered questions is whether and to what extent any link reflects marijuana use by drivers, pedestrians or both.
In other words, those who were already Republican sought out kindred political spirits at church, while Democrats opted to spend their Sundays elsewhere.
But these efforts seem to have pushed dirty campaigns elsewhere, in particular to WhatsApp, where activity consists of encrypted personal conversations and chat groups involving up to 256 people.
Mary T. Barra, G.M.’s chief executive, said the move would keep the company competitive in a changing auto market.
Indeed, the president has been conducting his own campaign against an independent judiciary.
Heightened journalistic attention will descend upon the country.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg pressed for it in 2008.
Cavanna tended to write about not-quite-pretty girls with artistic ambitions or interests like aviation or competitive skiing.
There was a flag raising with five veterans in full uniform (after which the crowd sang “America the Beautiful”); a butterfly release and four church services.
Automakers of all stripes, searching for better fuel economy, strive to reduce weight whenever they design a new model.
On the same program with these top-notch hoofers, Mr. Carmona gave an inadvertent lesson in differences between tap and flamenco.
We need to go out and make change happen in the real world.
Belatedly, on Friday, the board said it would “bring in an independent third party to perform a top-to-bottom review of all our processes relating to health and safety.” But the term “health and safety” suggests that this inquiry may not be as comprehensive as the one Penn State commissioned from Louis Freeh, the former F.B.I.
At the Benghazi airport, the Americans received the body of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and flew to Tripoli, the capital, and then out of Libya.
These men are great leaders, they’re great husbands and they’re great public servants, and I was honored to gain their support.
The special counsel’s office has expressed interest in issuing a subpoena to a woman who gained notoriety a decade ago for running a prostitution service in Manhattan, the woman, Kristin Davis, said in a brief phone interview Saturday morning.
At rallies, he has depicted the group of migrants as a dire threat to the United States and vowed to make this the caravan campaign, accusing Democrats of favoring “open borders” and even suggesting that they were behind the movement of thousands of Central Americans.
“Fully unstructured driving by go-anywhere cars is a long time away,” he said in a telephone interview.
So full credit to Beyoncé and Jay-Z — known, in tandem, as the Carters — for extending their cone of silence all the way to the City of Light.
There was one bishop, Bishop Lawrence Persico of Erie, who, unlike all the other bishops, actually agreed to testify before the grand jury.
Going all the way back to 1890, home prices had never fallen so sharply.
The Federal Reserve, along with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, has proposed changing the capital requirement to make it “more closely tailored to each firm.” That could wind up lowering the amount of capital that big banks must maintain.
He lost elections for more than a half-century, but Mr.
And though he murders and maims and becomes a notorious outlaw, he is disgusted, and ultimately shattered, by his violence.
To their credit, the Democratic consultants and members of Congress never formed a professional class of Never Obama Democrats.
The details: The First Step Act would expand job training and other programs aimed at reducing recidivism among federal prisoners.
The spring season nears its conclusion with a weekend of “Don Quixote,” a comic ballet showcasing the debuts of Hee Seo as Kitri and Christine Shevchenko as Mercedes on Friday , as well as Sarah Lane’s first performance as Kitri at the matinee on Saturday.
Concrete pillars for the new 908,000-square-foot, $365 million main terminal and for a $158.4 million, 1.7 million-square-foot parking deck are in place.
I beat Hillary Clinton easily.
The defendants — journalists, managers and two lawyers, most of whom had been released from jail during the monthslong trial — received sentences of two to seven years in prison, but they will remain free while their cases are appealed.
“This is not a serious investigation.” One of the documents contained in the case file, according to those who have reviewed it, is an admission by the nation’s attorney general’s office that it purchased the software.
Chad remains a key ally in the fight against terrorism.
Along the way, he has been shot at by a car thief, cited for reckless driving in pursuit of a stolen car, and celebrated by fans who showed up to his court case wearing “Let Floyd Go” T-shirts.
My ethics, my sense of morality, my work ethic, my sense of compassion for suffering humanity, all of that comes directly out of the practice of poetry.” He joined the Marine Corps before he turned 20 and was stationed in Okinawa, Japan, where he began studying Zen Buddhism.
But those critical of the government’s actions have pointed to recent visits from contentious figures like Lauren Southern , a far-right Canadian commentator, and Milo Yiannopoulos , a right-wing British commentator.
So here’s what you need to know about Cinco de Mayo, including its evolution into a major economic driver for business owners and beverage companies across the United States.
Here were the best ones.
But she championed respect for women, not only those who, like her, had fled to more cosmopolitan lives, but also the friends and classmates she had left behind in rural villages.
Since the announcement from the Trump administration, General Bajwa has stressed that Pakistan will not seek the resumption of American security aid and that the country is not dependent on it.
— What idea do you have that is ahead of its time?
Renault, which is Nissan’s largest shareholder, has become increasingly worried that the accusations against Nissan and Mr. Ghosn could damage both companies’ reputations and even their credit ratings, according to a person with direct knowledge of Renault’s thinking.
In September, a Japanese submarine participated in war games in the South China Sea, seen as a direct response to China’s presence.
“Now we want to know the secrets of Chinese medicine.”
It’s way more special,” he said.
It outscored its opponents by 158-20 in that stretch.
Several other magazine employees soon resigned.
To save money, the couple looked for deals, taking out a loan for a new roof through Home Depot and sourcing their own materials.
Most of the sport’s infamous brats have been men, and they have often been punished for bad behavior.
Devin Mesoraco had a run-scoring double for the Mets, who have lost nine of 10.
According to GQ, “He sent his companion to the bathroom so he could have a few minutes to chat up the model he’d noticed.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
For more than a year after Mr. Bahnasawy’s arrest, the authorities kept his imprisonment secret in an effort not to tip off Kill Kuffars.
He is a son of David R. Barchick of Sylvania, Ohio, and the late Kathleen A. Barchick.
His sister is equally passionate about Rosewood Hotel Hong Kong, giving input on details like the art program and the style of staff uniforms.
“I have an old broken down 1930s house in Astoria that’s nothing like the ones we tour,” he said.
Other executives argued that the company should court celebrities and pay influencers to share content on Pinterest, similar to YouTube’s premium content program.
A CUNY spokesman declined to comment, citing the litigation.
He is a son of Pushpa Prakash of Bangalore and the late Jayaprakash Markondiah.
Kiribati, an independent country of atolls and islets, is within the maritime zone that New Zealand is responsible for patrolling.
players for taking a knee.
After her suicide attempt, Louise’s psychiatrist suggested she try ketamine.
There, as legend has it, Lily Pulitzer began selling her giddily patterned pink and lime shifts to an intimate circle of friends, and from a fruit stand.
Some unions prohibit such provisos, but where possible, Fox is considering language stipulating that it can fire anyone whose conduct “results in adverse publicity or notoriety or risks bringing the talent into public disrepute, contempt, scandal or ridicule.” Spotted , a start-up that evaluates celebrity endorsement-deal risk, has lately been talking about “disgrace insurance,” which is offered by multiple underwriters and was also the subject of a panel at the most-recent Producers Guild of America conference.
Tool kit My grandparents gave me a pink tool kit when I moved into my college dorm as a freshman, and I laughed — not just because that is not my favorite color, but also a tool kit?
The New York Times didn’t endorse Mr. Cuomo in the Democratic primary four years ago because he failed to usher in ethics reform .
The squalor and dangers of the camp are unlikely to draw criticism from President Trump, whose cynical efforts to curb legal and illegal immigration were highlighted by the decision announced last month to reduce next year’s refugee resettlement quota to 30,000, the lowest ever.
As Justify emerged from the heavy fog and appeared to pull away, Bravazo and Tenfold sneaked up to finish second and third, a neck apart.
Later, at the investment bank Deutsche Morgan Grenfell in London, she helped pitched deals to luxury fashion houses, and in the process met Patrizio Bertelli, chief executive of the Prada Group.
Mr. Tankleff himself recently passed the bar exam and expects to be admitted to the bar this year.
In May, insurgents overran the western city of Farah , but they left a day later amid counterattacks from the Afghan government and American airstrikes.
These documents describe the camps as vocational training centers and do not specify whether inmates are required to accept assignments to factories or other jobs.
The songwriting team and the producers have had a long and successful collaboration, including on the “Hairspray” film and on the television show “Smash.” “We love and revere the original film, and always thought it would be a terrific musical,” Mr. Meron said.
In the second quarter of Wednesday’s game, Paul pushed the ball on a fast break and got into the lane before whipping a pass to Tucker for an open 3-pointer.
Just now it’s particularly good to see a Realm of Sweets that admits characters from many nations.
In his 16 other starts, he was a different pitcher: 5-5, with an E.R.A.
It was named for the Medici Bank of Florence — a pioneer of the double entry bookkeeping that revolutionized money and banking in the Renaissance.
The 11-acre, mangrove-fringed island, with a shady tamarind grove and spiky sisal plants bordering the paths, holds the remains of a 19th-century wrecking village devoted to salvaging goods from ships that ran aground on the reef.
Many of those efforts have come in criminal cases, and judges — including those on the United States Supreme Court — have routinely upheld Congress’s decision to make marijuana illegal.
My mom was always a subscriber (then so was I) I thought it was the quintessential fashion mag that was still accessible to women in diff economic backgrounds,” went another.
The cost of living has sharply increased.
And just by looking at the river, you see how magnificent the feeling are — the feelings will be.
Scientists have captured the clearest and most detailed image yet of Zika, the virus that set off a global health crisis in 2015 and 2016 and left thousands of babies with serious birth defects.
Plus, Ideas for What to Watch Tonight: The 100 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now Stream These Dark Political Thrillers Non-Depressing Documentaries on Netflix
He starts at Stanford this month.
According to the historian Steven Ross, in the early days of Hollywood, in the 1910s and 1920s, most actors were apolitical.
The narcotics officers from the 83rd Precinct didn’t get much when they set up outside the J & C Mini Market on Irving Avenue in Brooklyn on an autumn afternoon four years ago.
In comparison to his counterparts in Britain and France, King Leopold II of Belgium was a relative latecomer to empire-building, founding Congo as a colony in the late 19th century.
But as he talked regularly about reform, Infantino last year forced out the former Portuguese politician he had hired to lead those governance reforms.
You could cook the fettuccine Alfredo they used to serve at Elaine’s, on the Upper East Side.
In retrospect, what do you think the legacy of this period of time was?
But it is difficult to call the result an upset.
I might as well be blunt: It’s between the high road and the gutter.
Evangelical Christians were among the first to sign on to a Stormy Daniels proposition.
What kind of world do you wish for your daughter?
The next morning, President Trump tweeted that the caravan included “many criminals” and spoke about sending the United States military to “CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” It seemed The Algorithm was heading back this way.
Every work of art had to be at least 10 years old before we sold it, and I don’t think I got out enough.
The ferry is expected to dock near Gangneung, on the east coast of South Korea, where the North Korean artists are to perform on Thursday, the eve of the Winter Olympics.
Moon could find himself in an awkward position when he sits down with Mr. Kim next month.
And get thee to Bard College, where a Russian rarity — once its country’s most popular opera — is getting a new production.
Poetic justice proved strangely elusive, as even those who attempted to help often inflicted harm.
(Escalation looks increasingly likely .)
Metro-North Railroad has a Bronxville stop on its Harlem Line.
So why not throw out the numerical size scale entirely and replace it with something else?
@jasperjuinen photographed a group of students taking part in a course that teaches older people how to fall — and not to fall — in Leusden, the #Netherlands .
will see what I see.
Pamela Mollie Fox and John Tipton Young Jr. are to be married June 24 at Prospect Park in Brooklyn.
So what hath the buyer’s market wrought?
Shares will initially be priced at $10,000 each, according to Miguel Neumann, one of the company’s founding partners, who comes from an investment banking background.
The result: deadly demonstrations against the entire political establishment.
“We just reached this conclusion in our heads that, damn it, everything is possible,” Ms. Rhimes said.
Ms. Fabray had one notable film success: the Comden and Green musical “The Band Wagon” (1953), directed by Vincente Minnelli.
• Alternate-side parking remains in effect until Friday.
About four months ago, Katerra began talks on raising a new round of capital, and a number of connections — including Foxconn’s chief executive, Terry Gou, and Jerry Yang, the Yahoo co-founder — put the start-up’s leaders in touch with Masayoshi Son of SoftBank.
In “Pome,” for instance, Spires toys with the word “pome” (“Common as an apple.
But Mr. Bulger was said to be in questionable health.
And on Tuesday night, Democrats got a gift in their laps.
Directed by a collective, this powerful half-hour film is just one of 42 titles in the BAMcinématek’s revelatory series “A Different Picture: Women Filmmakers in the New Hollywood Era, 1967-1980,” which begins on Wednesday.
When it comes to employment and wages, though, women don’t seem to be affected by the views of other women around them.
The protesters noted the thousands of people they say have died in extrajudicial killings — accusations the police have denied.
His voice is heard everywhere, in cafes, homes and government offices across the land.
DARRYL DE SOUSA: Criminals got more emboldened.
• Are sports teams now too expensive for the average billionaire ?
It takes a while to figure out what that is, though clues are scribbled in pen across Manana’s arm and etched into her feverish face.
Diesel was once the most popular engine option in Europe because of its fuel economy.
Favorite childhood literary character or hero?
In fact, these folks sometimes sound as if they are already heavy users of psychedelics.
Pliskova reached the third round with a 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over 2015 French Open runner-up Lucie Safarova.
It had taken thousands of orders worth $5 million by Monday.
Marine Serre dress, price on request, top, $637, and scarf (worn on right hand) $198, marineserre.com .
While its main building is in Washington, the library has offices around the world and has materials in 470 languages.
Improvements in solar panel efficiency and lower product cost enabled consumers on a wide scale to produce their own power and sell it back to the electric grid.
The day of his capture and eventual death, as well as many other aspects of my service in the field, has haunted me throughout my life in the form of severe headaches, nightmares, flash anger and broken relationships.
At its lows on Friday, the Dow had given back nearly 40 percent of its gains since election day in 2016 and more than 45 percent of the gains since President Trump was inaugurated.
“It brings everything to a stop, and then we just focus on the music.”
♦ Driving up and down Utah’s desolate Route 117 with the trucker Ben Jones is an education.
They’re defying new legislation requiring them to store payment data solely on computers in the country, saying they need more time.
Alice worries that her tone of voice is “wavering somewhere between lighthearted and serious, skirting the liminal boundaries between laughing and crying.” In 1956, a young woman in a white pillbox hat would not have talked about liminal boundaries.
“If I crossed the street, I’d find you one,” he told the man, prompting a Twitter storm of insults aimed at Mr. Macron, a former investment banker.
But he strayed a bit in the arias’ florid lines, and his manner grew overwrought, even for a mini-mad scene.
The layoff eliminated more than half her family’s income, which once topped $80,000 per year.
“Very simple: I didn’t make any putts,” Woods said.
The party, along with the Left party on the other extreme, has benefited from a general sense of discontent and loss of confidence in the political system.
and now the secretary of veterans affairs .
Not even one of President Trump’s trademark Twitter fits could stop the bleeding.
Activists have promised massive protests if Officer Van Dyke, who is white, is acquitted.
Elsewhere in the country, localities plagued with Election Day calamities are still scrambling to determine the victors of their highly contentious races, but most New York City contests were far from competitive.
Just last month, Pakistan sent troops to Saudi Arabia to help train and advise the Saudi army, which has been locked in a long war in Yemen .
Long before any current political dramas, there was Gary Hart.
There was a reassurance in trusting that Mr. Ryan “would be there if they needed campaign contributions,” he added.
But the handshake deal was “less a breakthrough than a breakdown averted,” writes our White House correspondent.
More than once, you hold your breath to see if the gravelly-voiced performer will hit, and hold, the necessary note.
Buyer: CH 150 Holdings Seller: West 150 Street Operating Brokers: Josh Lipton and Andrew Levine, One Commercial Realty Services $53 /SQ.
Tens of thousands of people shared the story on Facebook, and many posts — including the one on The New York Times’ own Facebook page — were not taken down.
The captured operative, Jamal al-Mashadani, who was known by the nom de guerre Abu Hamza al-Kurdi, was an officer in President Saddam Hussein’s security apparatus before joining Al Qaeda in Iraq after Mr. Hussein’s fall.
Basically it was a secret society of would-be pickup artists, all hoping to tap the alpha male within .
The Paradise mayor, Jody Jones, is a traffic specialist who spent years working for the state agency that manages roads.
In her honor, rough-hewed tweeds fit for the moors were refashioned into ball gowns and — because this is Mr. Bovan, whose style tends toward the apocalyptic — exploded, buoyed by crinolines and tulle, and worn with paint-splattered furs meant to look like “roadkill on a remote country lane,” as his notes cheerfully put it.
It’s just the financing that would be an issue.” Although the operation’s potential cost is difficult to assess without detailed information about the seabed and the state of the submarine, Mr. Little estimated that any salvage effort would have to start with a budget of about $100 million.
Newark’s Terminal B, which received a $350 million update in 2014, and Terminal C, which was built by United Airlines and is operated under a long-term lease by the company, are far better, though both attract plenty of complaints from travelers.
“I never imagined that that it would become a big song.” In 1996, Neil Strauss, a pop music critic for The New York Times, described Ms. O’Riordan as a performer who can “sing almost anything and make it seem musical.” Ms. O’Riordan’s death was also announced on the group’s Twitter account, where fans shared messages of mourning and of the impact that the group’s music had on their lives.
Subscribe: iTunes | Google Play Music In The New York Times Book Review, Nicholas Kristof writes about the best fiction and nonfiction to read for glimpses into the secretive world of North Korea .
There were car crashes, burglaries, men who threw punches, and cash stolen from one woman’s purse after she left it in an unlocked car.
“The rules are a little complicated, but if you qualify, and let’s say you have a home office that takes up 15 percent of the square footage of your home, you could take 15 percent off your property taxes and deduct it,” Mr. Westley said.
The S. & P. 500 soared 48 percent over the equivalent period.
According to the charging documents, Dr. Strampel solicited nude photos from at least one student who had performed poorly on a medical school exam, and investigators found dozens of pornographic images and videos on a computer in his office, including many images that appeared to be of Michigan State students.
So my column wasn’t just about the young generation of Chinese.
is full of copycats,” said Justin Zormelo, a trainer who has worked with dozens of high-profile clients like Dwight Howard and Kevin Durant.
Our guide to plays and musicals coming to New York stages — and a few last-chance picks of shows that are about to close.
The Trump administration said on July 3 that it was abandoning Obama administration policies that called on universities to consider _________ as a factor in diversifying their campuses.
They’re just paper parks.” That the parks are operating on a shoestring comes as no surprise to those working to preserve Africa’s wilderness, said Peter Fearnhead, chief executive officer and co-founder of African Parks, a nonprofit that manages 15 protected areas on the continent.
Then he enlisted a constellation of British stars for his ad campaigns and front rows: among them Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Cara Delevingne and Sienna Miller and up-and-coming male singers like James Bay and Tom Odell.
Geographically isolated on the east side of San Francisco Bay, the region became a center for African-American liberation in the early 20th century, with people moving from the rural South as part of the Great Migration.
On Manus, the largest group comes from Iran, one of the countries targeted by Mr. Trump’s travel ban, and few of the men still there have much hope of being allowed into the United States, Australia or any other country.
But sometimes loyalty requires a friend to speak out and express an inconvenient truth.
Turns out, Starbucks baristas are even worse at it.
— Peter Eavis Accounting nerds delving into Spotify’s filing will have stumbled on an odd discrepancy.
But many of the underlying, intricate physiological steps involved remain mysterious.
Set in a white shoe box covered with scribbles in the style of Cy Twombly — the scenic design is by Andrew Lieberman — it breathes instead of hyperventilates, until its brutal conclusion.
The Hawks’ long-term savings are still nothing compared to what Oklahoma City saves by shedding itself of Anthony.
Still anyone who has experienced loss will be hard hit by Babst’s expert descriptions: “the innards of sofas strewn across lawns,” “the littered brown no-man’s-land that had once been grass,” details that seem infused with the city’s soul.
The first mass-produced retractable beds date to the late 19th century.
“I’m bullish,” Mike Ferretti, chief executive of Great Harvest Bread Company in Dillon, Mont., declared.
He grabbed his electric skateboard and headed for a back exit, he said.
To the Editor: What a stunning shame that space tourism is the best thing Jeff Bezos can think of doing with his billions!
I want to finish first all the time, and that’s not fun, either.
For a little less than two hours, a few thousand people stood, if and when they were able, swaying and smiling.
Arthur T. DeGaetano, an earth science professor at Cornell University who is also the director of the Northeast Regional Climate Center, points to the changing climate to explain the more unpredictable weather that New York has been seeing recently: this year, a dry July followed by flooding in August.
Already, China has an estimated 200 million surveillance cameras — four times as many as the United States.
In the town of Jumaytepeque, which is in Central America’s dry corridor, a group of farmers took me to see their coffee crops.
But would I be comfortable that he is qualified to be president?
You can’t take credit for the recovery in Europe and China.”
_________ Amid the most recent app craze, we asked students “ What Makes HQ Trivia So Popular?
Still, as a literary response to a long-buried collective trauma, “All for Nothing” is well worth reading, especially now that the country’s parliament contains delegates from the far-right Alternative for Germany party with deep ties to groups who were expelled from East Prussia.
The coalition accuses the Iranians of supplying the Houthis with hundreds of missiles that have been fired into neighboring Saudi Arabia, and which they say have been smuggled through the port at Al Hudaydah.
Snaking around my apartment are moldings, little ledges that extend a few inches from the wall and a couple of feet shy of the ceiling.
The people who are most directly affected by privacy breaches are those who have had money stolen or whose email was exposed.
Some economists say they believe that prices could be pushed higher when refiners reduce the production of diesel and jet fuel to produce greater quantities of cleaner marine fuel.
Mr. Brafman said in the court papers that in late May he sought to delay the grand jury proceedings in order to obtain copies of the emails, which were being held as evidence in a bankruptcy proceeding in Delaware involving Mr. Weinstein’s company.
His entry into the fashion world came when the designer Oscar de la Renta was looking for legal help.
In 2017 it was $814,278, and this year, through July, it was $865,170.
At the Théâtre de Chaillot, for “Narukami,” created in 1684, and “Iromoyo Chotto Karimame Kasane,” from 1823, each audience member was given an audio guide, much like in a gallery.
At a time when foreign influence in American politics, particularly from Russia, is a subject of widespread national debate, the lawmakers’ attack on the N.R.D.C.
In their work, which includes fruit-printed wallpaper, prints and installations, aesthetics are inseparable from civics.
Last July, she reported the harassment to a company ethics department, her lawsuit says.
And so the gap in Hirscher’s splendid racing résumé was filled, alleviating much of the pressure Hirscher was feeling at these Olympics, which he has called his last.
But prosecutors could not corroborate Mr. Henderson’s testimony.
And while that may be risky, Amazon does know a thing or two about how to dominate a business.
“Twenty years ago we were pretty washed up by this stage in our lives.
In April, California is expected to follow Arizona’s lead and allow companies to test cars without a person in the driver’s seat.
“When I was incarcerated, I wanted to keep in touch with her — she was all I had,” Ms. Perry recalled.
“From Day 1, I was in love,” she said later that day.
Ben Hindman, chief executive of Splash, said that the industry had begun to attract more technical people in addition to event managers and party planners.
“I let my emotions, my feelings drive me.
Greece declined to extradite eight Turkish servicemen who had fled following a failed coup in 2016; and the Turkish government has arrested two Greek border guards, seemingly in response.
They turned up in droves for an amateur production of “Be More Chill” in November at New Jersey’s Exit 82 Theater.
Lolade Siyonbola, a graduate student in African studies at Yale, fell asleep while working on a “marathon of papers” Monday night.
But the president’s allies are willing fight for it.
It turns out that loyalty is not so easily bought.
No woman has ever been elected to the position.
• Los hermanos Coen llevan su universo fatalista y extravagante a Netflix .
Although writing lacks symbols for prosody, experienced readers infer it as they go.
“Gabriel and the Mountain” finds a form for that impulse, a way to appreciate and make sense of it.
On her way to a table at Norma’s, an opulent Midtown breakfast spot, families of tourists look up from their $29 towers of French toast to wave and point at Ms. King, who responds with “Hi guys!” and “I see you know where to eat!” and “Your son is very cute!” Yet even though Ms. King has emerged as the most esteemed personality of morning TV news — all the more so now that a high-profile rival, Megyn Kelly , has been vanquished — she says she does not feel famous.
“I’m really interested in how the language has gotten passed around.
“Whatever you do,” Eriksen says, “don’t say, ‘Are you sure?’ ” Eriksen learned what not to do as a preteen in rural Michigan in the early 1980s when her mother raged against and demeaned her older sister when she announced she was a lesbian.
A fan blew constantly across a humidifier, creating a fog-machine-like effect that kept the room at 60 to 80 percent humidity — enough to stop the sand from drying out, but not so much that the walls would mold.
The investigation could lead to a fine of up to 4 percent of Facebook’s global revenue, or about $1.63 billion.
Some of the problems Ms. Klöckner describes are real, though one could always argue about the scope.
The foundation was also used to curry political favor, the lawsuit asserts.
For years, the family ran a takeout seafood restaurant — a fish-and-chips shop — on the same site where the cafe now stands.
There’s a new generation of leaders that are coming up the ranks that are coming from a perspective that is so much more connected now with what’s happening on the ground.
But I did not drink beer to the point of blacking out and I never sexually assaulted anyone.
Watch for the fun comic book aesthetic and appearances by Anna Kendrick, Aubrey Plaza and Jason Schwartzman.
Starting in 2014, Mr. Kogan got the data, using a quiz app, under the guise of academic research.
“Result of imperfect service” sounds as if it might call for a small tip in a restaurant, but the imperfect service here is a ball tipping the cord of the net and still landing in the service court, called a LET.
Ms. Frédiani sees the battle for gender equality in restaurant kitchens as part of that larger struggle.
Snowboarders get three jumps; their best two count.
“There would be more headaches and liabilities, especially with the for-profits,” she recalled.
Written by Vicki Robin and Joe Dominguez, the book was updated and rereleased this month, but even when it was first published in 1992, I thought the “or” should have been an “and.” So it should have been “Your Money and Your Life.” Yes, of course, I understand the appeal of the way the title is actually worded.
(Mr. Tapper retweeted the message, with an eye-roll emoji.)
Why did you join the business?
“There was almost nothing here when I opened six years ago,” says Boyd Vich, the owner of Tea Cup Cafe , an unassuming pastel-painted shop popular with young people from Thailand, Tibet and the Philippines.
Nadal then started to gain traction in Thiem’s service games, and Thiem, who had only two unforced errors in the first set, had 12 in the second.
Before setting off that final day, Mr. Chau finished his note with a message to his family.
It’s great, and if you like it you should send Kim a mash note: severson@nytimes.com .
And they attract migrating birds — especially warblers — by the thousands.
I don’t want to sound like a “pretentious actor,” but this character infiltrated me in a way that was very hard — by Episode 5, I could not extricate myself from the sheer brutality, and yet sadness and excruciating pain, that I felt sometimes physically.
A three-bedroom with double living rooms and a sunroom in Inwood would seem like a dream apartment to many New Yorkers.
However, it would be nice if its politicians refrained from saying thank-you by demanding that the federal government “stay out of Mississippi when it comes to policies.” As Hyde-Smith did during her one and only debate.
When a man in his 20s pulled on a long black gown and a gold-colored belt, the store broke out in admiring oohs and ahs.
(The Fassbinder film, from 1972, also features an all-female cast.)
JOSÉ OLIVAREZ My dad became a citizen when I was in fifth grade, and it wasn’t until I saw him studying for the civics test that I realized that my parents were undocumented.
Whoever the replacement is would join a new set of aides who — many with the couple’s support — have replaced the familiar faces from the 2016 campaign.
Their plans called to mind a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Va. , in August that spun out of control, with demonstrators and counterprotesters clashing in the streets.
“Our fight is not to raise wages,” he said, noting that elevators operators make about $290 a month.
“Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada” reads the sign, but Sin City wasn’t always known as the home of extravagance and gambling.
Several years ago, clinics began using a process called vitrification, in which the temperature of the eggs in the liquid nitrogen is dropped so quickly that they are frozen “truly in a matter of a second,” Dr. Goldman said.
Dr. Melissa Leber, a tournament doctor, said that roughly half of the juniors and professionals have complained of heat distress over the past several days.
I’ve had a lot of practice over the years trying to tell that story as quickly as possible, to jog people’s memories with the buzzwords.
Mr. MacLeish, who has vast experience defending victims of childhood sexual abuse, called Mr. Thorne-Thomsen one of the worst serial predators he had ever come across.
Those people waited in the woods for 14 years until Lord Rama returned, which won them a special place in Hindu mythology .
The chef plans to put his initials in neon on the storefront of the 1,200-square-foot space, with a 800-square-foot lower level, and have 1990s hip-hop and R&B music playing at the new restaurant.
That’s right — I’m saying Simon Rich is the Serena Williams of humor writing.
Producers aspire for their product to be seen as medicinal rather than lethal, for one.
You cover breaking and trending news with an extremely quick turnaround.
Israel, Britain and other allies who have bought the F-35 from American manufacturers must also ground and inspect the fuel tubes in the jets, the statement said.
The sharpest exchange came when Representative Ted Poe, Republican of Texas, held up his smartphone and asked Mr. Pichai whether Google was tracking his whereabouts if he walked to the other side of the room.
And it should contend with Pyongyang’s other egregious activities, like providing weapons and technology to unsavory regimes like Bashar al-Assad’s in Syria and maintaining the world’s worst gulag state.
A Muslim missionary from Sudan, Satti Majid, spread the ideas of Sunni Islam.
But why such a focus on expressing shock in particular — as opposed to caring, or commitment, or determination?
Her letter questioned how the hospital planned to ensure patient privacy, among other issues, many of which had been raised by hospital doctors at the internal meetings once the deal became public.
During the 2016 presidential elections, Brooklyn Farmacy & Soda Fountain in Carroll Gardens offered free egg creams to those who displayed an “I voted” sticker.
And I saw the body of Cecil on the steps.” He knew immediately what had happened.
I guess I could have expanded to 4 letters with ESPN, but I would have had to find a crossing for the unappealing CATCH ES PN EUMONIA, (is there one?).
The spinoff move is a further move in that direction.
In a graduation speech at the Virginia Military Institute, Rex Tillerson, the former secretary of state, took an obvious swipe at Trump, his former boss.
A typical high-end wine sale is largely French, dominated by bottles of Bordeaux and Burgundy in particular.
_____ • Meet Nikol Pashinyan, a protest leader who just became Armenia’s interim prime minister .
So I asked him to do the set and to redesign the bee for us because I thought it was a nice way to start a new era.” His is a softer, elegant, more feminine Dior, one that effectively sidesteps the moody, razor-edged styling of its two previous designers, Kris Van Assche and Hedi Slimane , to look back to the life of Dior himself.
Apple announced on Tuesday that it had bought the rights to a series produced by Anonymous Content and based on “Losing Earth: The Decade We Almost Stopped Climate Change,” a novelistic article by Nathaniel Rich that stretched more than 30,000 words and took up an entire issue of The Times Magazine this month.
In a June letter to Kirstjen Nielsen, the Homeland Security secretary, 19 senior Immigration and Customs Enforcement investigators demanded that the agency be split up .
This commission would serve as a counterweight to the corrosive political influence and manipulative marketing practices of “ Big Food” manufacturers.
Chad Brown, trainer of Good Magic, said he was proud of his horse but was unlikely to take another shot at Justify when the Preakness Stakes, the second leg of the Triple Crown, is held two weeks from now.
Mr. Thompson, a writer and producer, had never organized an event for a candidate before.
That’s that.” Ms. Amanpour sounded proud to take on a job — talk show host — that has been dominated by men.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio’s investigation into Mr. Obama’s birth certificate “could dwarf Watergate,” Mr. Trump wrote in 2012.
Since many visitors — even ones from Germany — are unfamiliar with much of the history of the period, providing a historical context was a challenge, the curators said.
Now much of it is easily accessible in public data.
“I said, ‘Well maybe then I’d be a lame-ass bitch,” she recalled.
“There is a battle going on for fairness, inclusion and justice in the digital world,” Mr. Walker said.
“It was like a finishing school.” But there was a darker side to it, too.
Its stock has jumped more than 80 percent in the past year.
“Hotels are placing more of an emphasis on wellness and plant-based cuisine is part of that,” said the Los Angeles-based chef and restaurateur Matthew Kenney , who recently opened Alibi , an upscale vegan restaurant at the Ovolo Woolloomooloo hotel in Sydney, Australia.
Richard Prince exhibit in Chelsea: The latest works “reveal Mr. Prince’s chops as a painter and colorist, but the ‘fun’ they provide actually challenges more than entertains.” Amazon’s Soho pop-up: “ Spending time browsing here was among my most dismal shopping experiences in recent memory,” the Times’s Critical Shopper columnist writes: “joyless, arbitrary, spiritually empty.” All the mayor’s emails: City Hall was to have released all emails between Mayor Bill de Blasio and a disgraced donor, but new ones emerged during a federal trial .
This particular piano belonged to Cole Porter from the mid-1930s to his death in 1964, when he lived atop the Waldorf Astoria.
“They want to ban oil and gas and chase us out of this state,” he said.
112 Hudson Street (Franklin Street), no phone, notedtribeca.com .
The new synchronization system will make it possible for Nasdaq to offer “pop-up” electronic markets on short notice anywhere in the world, Mr. Prabhakar said.
It’s not clear that the director quite found what he was looking for.
When she arrived in England in the mid-1990s, she benefited from a program that helped physicians from some former British colonies, including New Zealand, to secure licenses to practice in Britain with only limited examinations of their credentials.
investigation into charges that Kavanaugh had sexually assaulted Christine Blasey Ford before he’d back the nomination on the Senate floor.
Spacious family cabins offer access to a family lounge with large-screen TVs, board games and complimentary breakfast and snacks.
During his long political career, Mr. McCain maintained a very high profile as one of the most quoted Republican senators and most sought-after television guests.
“Greg intentionally chose to take different positions within the police department to better prepare himself to achieve his goal to become a Pomona police officer,” Chief Olivieri said at the news conference.
If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.
He expresses frustration that he had been editor in chief for only two months when he was sent to jail for a year and a half.
“The more you immerse yourself in the subtly eerie world of ‘Candle Cove,’ the scarier it becomes, so consider breaking up the first season into two or three movie-size chunks,” Judy Berman wrote in Watching for The Times.
Winner, whose book, “How Art Works: A Psychological Exploration,” will be published this summer, said she has heard that criticism before and discounts it.
“Kim seems to have completely out-negotiated Trump, and it’s scary that Trump doesn’t seem to realize this,” he writes.
To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
I cite those two dates because, with this piece, I end my time as chief dance critic of The New York Times, a job I began in 2007.
Mr. Rossbach, a major influence on contemporary fiber arts, died in 2002 .
“I said sure,” she recalled, “but I was really like: There’s no way.
She’s also wondering how to find jobs to apply for.
His father owned a pool hall, and his uncle owned a bakery in Glassboro.
The Red Bulls edged visiting Orlando City on Sunday to claim the Supporters’ Shield as Major League Soccer’s regular-season champion.
Of all the places you’ve traveled to, can you talk about a few moments that stand out?
A judge recently ruled that he no longer needs to pay 1.4 million euros a month in alimony to his ex-wife, Veronica Lario, who once called him “shameless trash” after he attended the birthday party of an 18-year-old woman.
For example, the committee still has $8 million committed to two lawmakers, Representative Barbara Comstock of Virginia and Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania, who many in the party do not think can win.
For New Jersey Transit riders, here’s what the audit and its recommendations might mean for your commute.
The local police, however, did not see the case as a free-speech issue.
Donors, he said, want proof that the vaccine will work in people before committing funds.
But it would give lawmakers time to continue negotiations on immigration and long-term government funding levels.
But that’s not the way to measure it.
They were echoed by lawmakers in Britain investigating Cambridge Analytica’s role in disinformation and the country’s referendum to leave the European Union.
The initiative by Senate Majority PAC — which will run through an affiliated nonprofit group, Majority Forward — will span more than a dozen states where Senate seats are at stake.
“Everybody needs people who can invest, regardless of these lists,” he said.
That afternoon, he strode into the visitors’ clubhouse at Busch Stadium and told his teammates he was ready to dominate — a bold statement for a player hitting .248 with one home run since mid-August.
Over the past few weeks, they have bucked him on Yemen and Saudi Arabia.
Here’s what you need to know.
I could see the light of the campfire glistening in her eyes as she asked me “What does this one mean?” I decided to explain each story of the art that lays on my body.
John Sculley, a former chief executive of Apple and the chief marketing officer of RxAdvance, a pharmacy benefit manager, said PillPack was a natural choice for Amazon.
We may die, but this fight will last for generations.
In 1989, he surprised the advertising world with a hostile $825 million takeover of Ogilvy & Mather, then one of the most influential ad agencies, and continued to snap up global competitors, including Young & Rubicam, a global marketing and communications company.
So it’s the little things that you pick up on the way.
This vulnerability, in turn, may transfer to the embryo, Dr. Bale said.
Bike storage is not unusual.
When I went into their suite, there was stuff all over the bed.
Dr. Sbitany is also a consultant for Allergan, a manufacturer of the mesh products.
“I’m like that with my fragrances, with producing, with my children.
Such blemishes in no way detract from the power of “Bad Blood.” In the second part of the book the author compellingly relates how he got involved, following a tip from a suspicious reader.
Last year, after five years of design and engineering work, as well as outreach to secure local support, Mr. Diller pulled the plug on the project, only to revive it a few months later when Gov.
Some analysts expect the election to hinge less on religious sentiments than on the economy, which has been growing at an annual rate of about 5 percent — a disappointing figure, for Indonesia — amid shrinking foreign and domestic investment.
by major airlines and rental car companies just the latest example in a trend that also includes recent high-profile corporate interventions on immigration and gay and transgender rights.
On Wednesday, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos hosted groups of educators and advocates for and against the disciplinary guidance, the 12th set of round tables the department has held in the past year — and the first Ms. DeVos attended in person.
“All I had to do was to report when the target was ripe from the intelligence point of view,” he said.
Michael S. Schmidt contributed reporting.
With Danilo, they tried several styles, and he settled down with the a cappella piece.
The government’s initial and widely disputed toll was 64.
Republican officials now believe that both Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence will endorse her in the runoff.
He gets to break the rules, and then he gets to establish rules of his own when he must answer for his misdeeds.
(Some of the accusations involve the filming of sex scenes, and Franco is in a few such scenes in this episode alone.)
While the family waited in the house, Adel’s father bled to death in the yard.
“I was saying all day yesterday this was top three best moments of my life,” she said.
Published just as the political world reckons with the results of the 2018 midterm elections, Kornacki’s book is full of what can be read as nods to today, including its references to Hillary Clinton and its resonant descriptions of Ross Perot, who comes across as a kind of proto-Trump.
Ian Kinsler flailed at an 80-mph slider in the dirt to strike out and then Eduardo Nunez ended the inning by lining out to right.
Five of the 13 authors of the paper are company employees, and the others serve on the company’s scientific advisory board, for which they are compensated.
She also appeared in a short film, “ Anna ,” directed by Liliana Greenfield-Sanders, her godmother’s sister, when she was around 12.
I started going to Sixth Street Pilates about four years ago because it was convenient and also because Pilates is gentle.
“I want you to think of your game — specifically, the artistry of your game — as a part of your healing process,” Farid says.
scene ( Bandcamp , Le Sigh , Rookie ) — Clairo has also come in for criticism regarding her careerism and connections.
The first lady, Melania Trump, made a four-country tour of the continent in October, which drew more attention for her wardrobe — particularly a colonial-style pith helmet on a safari in Kenya — than for her encounters with Africans.
And there is banana cake.
So the band was three-dimensional Henry, playing something he had played once.
movement seized on her decision to score points.
While he campaigned for Richard M. Nixon’s re-election in 1971, Mr. Bell was among the “Manhattan Twelve,” a group of conservatives who, after meeting in the apartment of William F. Buckley Jr., suspended their support for the president because of his overtures to Communist China.
He is a frequent political contributor who gave $134,000 to Democratic causes in 2016, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
But the investigations commissioner, Mark G. Peters , sought to change that last month, saying the schools office was under his authority.
One opponent told her she had polled at just 1 percent name recognition two months before the primary.
• Britain is considering rules requiring companies to report pay gaps among ethnicities , a year after it made reporting gender pay gaps mandatory.
Victoria I. Paterno Los Angeles To the Editor: It may be insensitive of me, but I’m far more concerned about what Judge Brett Kavanaugh did in his years with Kenneth Starr, his time in the George W. Bush White House, and his opinions on the court of appeals than I am about what he is alleged to have done when he was 17.
Hours later, the police released a statement that did not mention Mr. Boyd doing any shooting, though it did say that he “confronted officers with a gun.” Then the Georgia Bureau of Investigation stated that Mr. Boyd had been armed with a BB pistol.
I had other things on my mind.” After nine holes, the 6-foot-4 Finau, who is one of the longest hitters on the PGA Tour, was three under par.
“But this is not just one moment that happened on the red carpet.
I’ve been wincing as I examine my own portfolio, even though I’ve buffered my stock holdings with healthy allocations of bonds and cash.
With no feared music director to impress, and no visiting guest conductor to get to know, an easy collegiality emanated from the stage as they played string-heavy crowd favorites: Mozart’s “Eine Kleine Nachtmusik” and his Violin Concerto No.
“If you don’t have the courage to own up to it, then reverse it.
Elizabeth Rider Kamins and Spencer Fredrik Harris were married Oct. 13 in New York at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park.
His proposal, explained in an op-ed this summer, would allow commercial plans to avoid covering pre-existing illnesses, but allow affected patients to get Medicare coverage for those ailments alone.
Perhaps the big surprise, however, is that Mr. Johnson is still at the cabinet table at all, after months of semipublic rebellion.
In this first concert, he plays the Op.
The destination marketing organizations of New York and Los Angeles, which ran campaigns explicitly highlighting their inclusivity last year, have employed similar strategies to evolve their messaging to be not anti-Trump but pro-destination.
The polls are open from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m.) A few races to watch as you head out to vote.
By the end, we feel so wrung out it takes a second or two to realize that very little has happened.
These bills are likely to be incorporated in one giant omnibus spending measure to be negotiated over the next few weeks by House and Senate leaders in advance of the March 23 expiration of the continuing budget resolution that has kept the government going.
Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region.
But how do you reckon with the added layer of complexity when a woman is in severe physical pain, but also wrestling a mental illness?
In orphanages and other institutional settings, “turnover rate of caregivers is high, as is the number of children per caregiver,” Marinus van IJzendoorn, a professor of human development at Erasmus University Rotterdam, said in an email.
Does it diminish or strengthen individuals’ talent and the sport over all?
Adding to the China Horse Club’s mystery, Mr. Teo runs it through a complicated network of companies that are registered in Hong Kong, China, Singapore and the Cayman Islands.
They give gifts, communicate, learn, remember and record the important events of their lives.
Each tiny baby is perfectly placed, and my wife is healthy.
After a motorcyclist fatally shot a Rikers Island correctional officer on Friday, following a brief exchange of words, investigators used surveillance videos to track the man to his home in Queens, the police said.
I hope it’s to write a tell-all: “The Devil Craves Poultry.” Americans crave answers — and deserve them.
As diverting as the Federer-Nadal revival was in 2017, the Big Five have monopolized the final Sunday spotlight long enough.
In an extreme situation, a mass riot could become a dangerous excuse for those who seek to undermine the democratic system by using the upsurge of radicalism as its pretext.
Gabby Pahinui brought slack-key guitar into prominence as a solo instrument, introducing new techniques and broadening the repertoire, and he was a major figure in a renaissance of traditional Hawaiian culture in the 1970s.
But the Israeli government would not want to see the collapse of the Palestinian Authority, he said.
From time to time, Congress has tried and failed to reverse that ruling .
Theirs was the first Spanish-language broadcast in the United States of a major league team’s entire schedule.
That raises questions about Kushner Companies’ dealings with partners with ties to the government.
It helps to think this way, to view it as an inevitability that was neither Lydia’s fault nor our own.
“I thought you all did not want any press coverage?” Mr. Ciccone wrote , unsure as to why the E.P.A.
They don’t contain mysteries; their entire story is told through their making, and most of their pleasure derives from witnessing true virtuosity, another Japanese specialty: the steady hands, the coaxing of form out of formlessness, the race against time.
We are at an existential moment in our country right now and I don’t say this lightly.
“Alcohol-free wheat beer, for example, is extremely healthy.
“A search committee for a new director has been formed, and there are artists from the board on that committee,” the museum spokeswoman, Sarah Stifler, confirmed.
And the tax cuts passed last year have encouraged customers to invest in equipment — and have led Grote to do the same, moving projects planned for 2019 or 2020 up to the present day.
Precisely arced straw hats by the experimental milliner Philip Treacy appear as a mathematician’s response to the wimples of “The Flying Nun,” and sit in front of Netherlandish reliquary busts of female saints.
Mr. Meng’s appointment, like his detention, almost certainly had the approval of Mr. Xi himself.
In his 10 years as the Yankees’ manager , Girardi fastidiously protected his players from public criticism; one notable exception came last August when Girardi became exasperated with Sanchez’s defensive shortcomings.
The company can no longer rely on baby boomers dialing an 800 number after seeing a newspaper ad featuring Mr. Lynch, she said.
Al-Araji said he had a plan for freeing the hostages, according to a high-ranking Qatari official who recounted the conversation to me.
When the nuts don’t set, much of a crop can be lost.
They pulled Anthony out of the water, holding him as firefighters on the shore reeled them back to safety with a rope.
“That’s the way it works.”
So what is an inclusion rider?
When she’s ready to put things in perspective tell her to imagine herself floating way above her problem, looking down above her house, her town, her school.
There are 145,000 annual members and the company celebrated its 60-million-trip milestone last month after launching in New York in 2013.
Two of them, Renewal by Andersen, which sells and installs windows and doors, and Defenders, which sells and installs home security systems, declined to comment.
And The New York Times has reported that twice — last June and again in December — Mr. Trump undertook to have Mr. Mueller removed, before backing down.
In the late 1980s and early ′90s, Mr. Canales, known professionally as simply Oribe (pronounced OR-bay), worked closely with the makeup artist François Nars , the photographer Steven Meisel and the stylist Carlyne Cerf de Dudzeele in helping to build the careers of many women who became known as supermodels, giving them a look, emblematic of the era, that was heightened by dramatic makeup and hair to match.
He said that he was A.D.D., and in order to capture the sounds, he had to be perfectly still.
Abigail fights dirty because a hard upbringing has taught her no fight is ever fair.
Ghulam Sakhi Amar, a member of the Ghazni Provincial Council, put the death toll on the government side at 20.
The 143.5-mile trek from Fougères, home to the best-preserved and largest medieval fortress in Europe, concluded in Chartres, site of a vast cathedral known for its stained-glass windows.
An ominous development in voice-activated tech: Researchers in China and the U.S. can send hidden commands — that are undetectable to the human ear — to Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Google’s Assistant.
“Simple antithesis everywhere” is how Fussell captured the mentality.
“The walls right here are very instructive,” Mr. Wessels said, at the trailhead.
While American and European negotiators are working feverishly on a deal to preserve the 2015 accord, there are also preliminary discussions about what will happen if they fall short.
But careful observers should not be diverted from discerning the president’s real purpose at the United Nations, because it is ominous.
She warned her audience that if they attempted to practice her “technique of dismantling,” they had to be “careful not to destroy the ‘rich and strange,’ the ‘coral’ and the ‘pearls,’ which can probably be saved only as fragments.” In New York, Arendt’s intellectual acuity and conversational punch swiftly translated into social cachet.
Margaret Anne Abernathy and Joshua Gerald Brost were married April 28 at the Stockdale Country Club, a golf course in Bakersfield, Calif. Representative Kevin McCarthy, Republican of California and the House majority leader, officiated.
A Guatemalan boy who died on Christmas Eve while in United States custody was moved among at least four crowded facilities at the border over the six days from his apprehension until his death.
“But I think we’re well on the way to solving that horrible problem that happens far too often in the United States.” Mr. Turnbull’s visit had been in the works long before the mass shooting that left 17 dead in Parkland, Fla., and was already freighted with a complicated history between the two men for other reasons.
In addition, you can ask students: What should qualify as a living will or advance health care directive?
Their group forced two of France’s 263 slaughterhouses to shut down after it shared a video showing thrashing horses, cows and sheep being slaughtered while semi-conscious.
Democrats saw that as an outrageous attack on the integrity of one of the Senate’s senior members — one with a history of working with Republicans — and even Senator Susan Collins, the Maine Republican who sealed Justice Kavanaugh’s confirmation, rose to Ms. Feinstein’s defense in her floor speech.
I’m glad I did, though; this is a tight theme with some fun and lively fill.
And after his truncated body was found in the lower laboratory of the Massachusetts Medical College — teeth in the furnace, torso and a few body parts packed in a chest — society swooned in horror.
And it’s, what, 90 degrees out here?” Florida being Florida, there will always be a surplus of talent.
“We had that custom-made,” added Kari Osmond, 31, Mrs. Fahl’s wife and campaign manager.
The European position — one shared by many economists — is that the Trump administration has undermined the institution’s workings in citing national security as an imperative for its metals tariffs.
“People deserve religious freedoms, but there’s boundaries,” he said.
When the pizza arrived, players debated whether to eat it.
Days later, Mr. Trump announced that the United States was doubling its tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from Turkey, just as the Turkish currency, the lira, began a precipitous fall against the dollar.
For the former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia, decades of bitter battles with its neighbor Greece over history, identity and culture.
• El Senado argentino aprobó el allanamiento de los domicilios de Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
Customers are typically required to buy it to guarantee clear ownership of their property.
It wasn’t until the next year, with the abduction of the American heiress Patty Hearst, that the term went into wide use.
And second, he didn’t think the Russians should get all worked up.
The offensive line, which had several newcomers, provided him with little time.
And he kept the whole process under the tight control of the party, allowing little debate, even internally.
You won’t move it much from this spot aside from a five-minute briefing session at which your teammates tell you everything’s going great to prevent you from coming up with “ideas for deals” and “a Mars force.” During the game, you’ll choose from the following actions: DRAW A CARD FROM THE TWEETDECK: Pull a random Unfounded Exclamatory Accusation!
“That is something that should rightly be clarified,” John Quaglione, Mr. Golden’s chief of staff, said.
To wit: “According to U.S. researcher Alex Soojung-Kim Pang, most modern employees are productive for about four hours a day: The rest is padding and huge amounts of worry.” — Tim Herrera , Smarter Living editor _____ From Aeon : The science and math whiz Margaret Wertheim takes a detailed look at the history of humans’ conception of space.
Some politicians jumped at the chance to peddle their influence.
An American service member was killed and two others were wounded in southern Afghanistan on Saturday in what officials described as an “apparent insider attack.” The United States military, announcing the death in a statement, did not provide further details.
The Times’s lawyers in Australia have advised the organization that it is subject to local law because it maintains a bureau in the country.
Phase 2 will include collecting stories.
I’ll give you the latest intel from the campaign trail.
But if a day later it has a thousand likes and several hundred mocking comments, you might well be crushed.
Hood, real estate work drew on his sales acumen.
It made it difficult to understand my identity.
Participants trace the sketches, then use watercolors to paint their dog’s portrait.
The split, which means no member of the Jacobs family will be involved at the top echelons of Qualcomm for the first time in 33 years, was not friendly.
“El Estado dejará de ser un comité al servicio de una minoría y representará a todos los mexicanos”, dijo anoche López Obrador frente a miles de ciudadanos que festejaban su victoria en el Zócalo de la capital mexicana, “a ricos y pobres, a pobladores del campo y de la ciudad, a migrantes, a creyentes, y no creyentes, a seres humanos de todas las corrientes de pensamiento y de todas las preferencias sexuales”.
He and Mr. Faas set about gathering material from the families of the deceased photographers and from The A.P.
“Messenger Kids is a messaging app that helps parents and children to chat in a safer way, with parents always in control of their child’s contacts and interactions,” Facebook said in a statement.
Its success altered the landscape of young adult fiction.
Academic economics has struggled to advance women to doctorates and professorships.
The University of Pennsylvania is involved in developments in Philadelphia, including building a $1.5 billion hospital.
Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate .
This is a sad day for retirement savers.” Several of the plaintiffs — including the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, Financial Services Institute, Financial Services Roundtable, Insured Retirement Institute, and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association — said the court’s decision would preserve access to affordable financial advice.
For what is nonsense writing, really?
Mullen’s aide said that at no time during their tour together in Iraq did he ever have to drop off Mullen’s laundry or obtain meals for him.
• CNN has sued the Trump administration, arguing that the removal of Jim Acosta’s White House press pass violated his First Amendment rights to freely report on the government.
A recent meal included crisp Hakurei turnip salad, garganelli pasta with a meaty sauce, and a dreamy dessert (rhubarb, salmonberries, elderberry ice cream, fennel macaron), with local wine (about 140 dollars for two).
Why do you think that is?
In the new study, one-fifth of men born between 1946 and 1980 said women should be more equal at work than at home — which for the men would mean benefiting from a second household income without doing any extra chores.
Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.
Visually, the movie takes after its ragtag team of swimmers.
Lichtenstein was way more remote than we’d anticipated, but at least it was stunning in the daylight.
And capes billowing off the shoulders of slinky dresses.
But in the rarefied area of artificial intelligence research, Google is engaged in intense competition with other tech companies for the most talented people, so recruiters could be hampered if some candidates are put off by Google’s defense connections.
The step is also a measured vote of confidence in the software business.
“An emerging economy now will be an advanced economy later,” Ms. Gittens said.
The victim then ran to a cannabis dispensary where guards, police officers and paramedics saved his life.
Likewise, specialty divisions of major studios produced “ Brokeback Mountain ” and “ Call Me by Your Name .” But the 17-year-old Simon Spier is reminiscent of the characters played by Molly Ringwald in the 1980s heyday of teenage romances like “Sixteen Candles,” “The Breakfast Club” and “Pretty in Pink.” [ Read our review of “Love, Simon.” ] “Love, Simon” is a romantic comedy and a coming-of-age story and also a mystery as Simon tries to discover the identity of the online pen pal he has grown to love.
What do you think of that argument?
The question will be how the major parties behave as they decline.
More in immigration news: Microsoft has drawn heavy criticism from its staff for working with Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Sometimes one gunshot ushers in the obliteration of empire and sumptuous palaces are left to attend to memories.
does a great job of preparing us for these games and for the moment, and everybody doesn’t try to do too much.” Cora — A.C. to his players — won the A.L.C.S.
I want to pay off her bills.
My own experiments were unpleasant.
The retrial will take place in a far different landscape than when his first trial ended in a hung jury last summer.
This is hardly the mini-series’s fault.
In “Gay,” a male student tells of ending up at a motel room for a sexual encounter with two partners.
• Escape into the world For the 13th year, The Times Travel section has released its list of 52 Places to Go .
But mainly I look for the kids.” Mariners first baseman Ryon Healy said he still tried to aim for certain fans, usually the ones who lobby politely.
Mickelson, five years his senior, is an extroverted firstborn with two siblings.
In statements, however, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has stopped short of directly accusing the Saudis.
is always trying to take advantage, the U.K. is getting screwed.” Last month, Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, told the Senate that Mr. Trump “intends to initiate negotiations on a trade agreement with the United Kingdom” swiftly, “as soon as it is ready after it exits from the European Union on March 29, 2019.” Britain is the United States’ seventh largest trading partner, with a total of $232 billion in goods and services flowing between the two countries every year.
We’re excavating some of the more peculiar provisions included in the 600-plus-page bill.
did not provide a safe environment for me and my teammates to train,” Ms. Nichols said in her statement on Tuesday.
His two previous albums — “My Krazy Life,” from 2014, and the 2016 follow-up, “Still Brazy” — were great, or better than great, because YG sticks to first principles: bone-dry rhymes and pointed, spare production.
Weeks after Mr. Trump attacked the league, several dozen owners, players and league executives met to discuss a plan to donate money to an array of groups fighting social injustice.
718-636-4100, bam.org ROSE BYRNE, CHRIS O’DOWD AND JESSE PERETZ at Cadillac House (Aug. 15, 8 p.m.).
Mr. Solomon sold and closed stores and converted others to franchises.
They found that men who had two or more four-ounce servings of fish a week had a 47 percent shorter time to pregnancy, and women a 60 percent shorter time, than those who ate one or fewer servings a week.
The theft of riches from temples is common in India.
Nobody wants to report that.
My dad was on the Judiciary Committee during the impeachment of Nixon.
The Boring Company is still determining what its fares will be but says they will be comparable to those in other mass-transit systems, or cheaper.
Mr. Mestre’s piece is a graffiti-inspired presentation of a quote from the artist Keith Haring : “Art lives through the eyes of the person looking at it.” Farther down the stairwell the wall pops with work by Never Satisfied , who rappelled with a harness and rope to create his 5Pointz art.
His prime minister, Andrej Babis , was never a freedom fighter but was elected last year on a populist platform attacking the perceived failings of the post-1989 political elite.
It’s all fake.” The only person who seemed to get anything out of the party was Candy, who was off somewhere feeding sushi to a live tiger.
Facing boycotts by church groups and the threat of federal censorship , Hays appointed an enforcer who could prevent the release of films unless producers complied with the code.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
Some of the rocks along its walls are nearly 2 billion years old.
Two weeks later, the designer produced a capsule collection that was exclusive to Bergdorf’s, and the line’s sales there quintupled.
With a prolific output and global appeal, she remains at the top of Unesco’s list of the world’s most translated authors .
The Jewish Home party and its leader, Naftali Bennett, had threatened to leave the coalition, too, which would have left the government without a majority.
• A big fine for Audi: Admitting to wrongdoing, the luxury division of Volkswagen agreed to pay a fine of 800 million euros, or about $930 million, in Germany to resolve civil claims over an emissions-cheating scandal.
Does understanding the cultural and historical context in which “Baby, It’s Cold Outside” was written change your opinion about it?
I’ve always been motivated when I was given awards at school for either academics or sports.
He compared himself to Spartacus’s heroic followers in the movie, who jumped up and yelled “I am Spartacus!” so the Romans wouldn’t be able to find Kirk Douglas.
Chérif Kouachi, one of shooters who killed 12 people at the Paris offices of the magazine Charlie Hebdo in 2015, name-dropped Mr. Awlaki in a phone interview with a reporter before being shot by police.
President Trump kept China in his sights on Saturday, using a visit to the industrial Midwest to promote his hard-line trade tactics, while the White House rebuked the Chinese government for demanding that foreign airlines change how they refer to Taiwan.
He often tells Mr. Trump his numbers have “never been higher,” according to two advisers.
We did not invite you.
“The key driver for them is that they want to invest privately more than what private equity firms allow them to do,” said Francesco Rossi Ferrini, the head of JPMorgan Chase’s sovereign wealth funds advisory team for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
I didn’t want my last memories to be bad,” he said.
Another pending rule would expand the availability of association health plans , a form of group insurance purchasing that may be attractive to small businesses looking for cheaper, less comprehensive options.
“President Trump must hold fast to his compact with American workers to greatly reduce both the illegal and legal competition from mass migration.” The president said he would insist on strict new immigration limits as part of any such measure, although he seemed to concede that his call for a “wall” might not entail the kind of physical barriers that many Democrats have viewed as a nonstarter.
“They just can’t find help.” Mr. Crawford belongs to St. Alphonsus Catholic Church, and on the Sunday after the ICE raid, he heard Father Paul Connolly, with the detained men in mind, devote his homily to the Good Samaritan, the exemplar of caring for strangers.
He said the company had “developed sophisticated systems that combine technology and people” to fight back.
Its prevailing tone, of cautionary camp, is made clear when, early on, the cast forms a confrontational line at the stage’s rim.
Or for the nation’s richest 0.1 percent, who now own as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, according to Deutsche Bank.
Throughout the tour, Mr. Xi called for “zili gengsheng,” or self-reliance.
“I love Rudy,” she added, “but they better have an explanation for that.
We have processes and protocols, but a combination of internal and external factors come together in a way to produce a failure outcome,” Ms. Edmondson said.
Always, but particularly this autumn, which has vibrated with anxiety and discord, it is important to remember that Americans can be a people given to acts of selflessness .
Keith Parker, head of United States equity research at UBS Investment Research, said the market has been weaker when buybacks have slowed.
That at first seems casual, but the music has a subtle change.
Several recent studies have suggested that 30 to 50 percent of Australian teachers leave the profession within their first few years of work.
Who in your community could use your efforts?
( Google Map ) Required Reading • Listen to “ The Assets ” episode of Gimlet Media’s “Uncivil” podcast, for context on New York’s economic relationship with slavery.
On those nights, I sensed the presence of ghosts watching me from the wings.
A medical panel found that he was autistic but concluded that he understood that his actions were forbidden and that he was responsible for them.
But after the assassination of James Garfield by a thwarted patronage seeker led to the creation of the Civil Service system in 1883, presidential relatives served chiefly as informal advisers and envoys because of popular revulsion with the spoils system.
[Read more: Miss America appoints women to top positions , months after scandal] Earlier this year, the Miss America Organization brought in the advertising agency Young & Rubicam to help with its branding.
“Proskauer Rose and Davis Polk both reviewed the report and gave their stamp of approval on the methodology and findings and recommendations for next steps,” said Hilary Smith, the senior vice president of corporate communications at NBCUniversal.
Megan Paetzhold, who works on this team, said she scans about 1,500 images a day.
My method: I select someone who just posted a hot take, and then I read backward through his or her tweets while also reading the replies to them.
Marijuana initiatives appeared on ballots in four states in the midterm elections.
“It would destroy all the harmony between refugees and host communities,” he said, explaining that it would probably lead to calls to seal the border.
A year after Ravitch’s tax plan was enacted, annual subway ridership dropped below one billion.
But his tireless efforts to defang negative coverage of him led directly to two of the corruption cases against him .
Written expressly for her by Carole King and Gerry Goffin, “Natural Woman” inspired in the singer a vocal that transcended the individual to address an entire gender.
The name is a play on an elaborate flamed alcoholic French coffee drink that’s popular in New Orleans.
In the 1980s, as the country recovered from a deep recession, Wall Street enjoyed a broad boom grounded in Reagan-era deregulation and economic growth.
Equus has similar films, including many about equine therapy.
Refinancing, or rolling your loans into a new loan with a lower interest rate, isn’t always the ideal financial move (you could potentially lose federal loan benefits and relief options), but SoFi seems to stay true to their commitment to help users get out of debt, offering money workshops and tools to help you along the way.
Dr. Blizzard left Johns Hopkins in 1974 to join the University of Virginia School of Medicine as chairman of pediatrics.
I’d met relatives of one of his victims and sat on their floor with a fire crackling behind us.
San You, the owner of a gallery across the street from the site of the exhibit, said he was impressed by Brother Nut’s artistry.
The brand “has released a brick, liquor bags, a crowbar and a fire extinguisher in the past, and fans of this brand who will line up every Thursday on release day, and then pay inexplicable resell prices for such items,” said Jonathan Sawyer, a staff writer for the street wear blog Highsnobiety.
“Every time I was with you we were 17 again,” Hynes posted on his Instagram.
The swimmer, Ross Edgley, 33, had not been ashore since June 1, when he set off on his 1,780-mile aquatic journey.
A glimpse of this animosity came in April, when Bill Mechanic, an Oscar-nominated producer and former Fox executive, resigned from the academy’s board .
Records provided by the state and city Boards of Elections show that Ms. Fonseca-Sabune did not vote in the Sept. 12, 2017, primary, when Mr. de Blasio ran against little opposition for the Democratic Party nomination on his way to re-election.
Tank and the Bangas only grumble a little bit — “Whatcha trying to ruin everything?” — as a relationship devolves into an occasional booty call.
Buyers lose their cash, sellers keep the homes and sales agents — and judges who may be in on the scheme — pocket millions of rubles.
Bard Graduate Center, 18 West 86th Street, Manhattan; 212-501-3023, bgc.bard.edu .
But it can also be — to use another much-loved formula — problematic.
The Observer reviews, fortified with others, might have been better reserved for a separate e-book for fellow bunheads and followers of the art rather than appended here.
The Iranians insisted that if Namazi was to be included in the prisoner swap, so should some of the prisoners the Americans nixed at the outset.
On Tuesday, he said on national television that international sanctions had actually sped up construction of the bridge, by forcing Russians to rely on themselves.
When you are of African descent, you are told that we had nothing to do with that.
The Owl Farm is a relaxed and dreamy place to lounge around, with its organic ciders from Brittany, canned sour beers and an excellent, summery draft list.
But my grandfather calmly explained that he was simply giving nature back to nature.
Any proposed changes to the World Cup, FIFA’s marquee event, are sure to face opposition.
Framing the scene was the intricate medieval bulk of Notre-Dame.
In sisig baboy, the chef, Carmen Sta Maria (pronounced Santa Maria), foregoes the usual pig ears, jowl and snout for pork belly and crumbled chicharrón, to evoke the crunch, if not the chewiness, of cartilage.
Mr. Trillanes is the second senator to be jailed after challenging Mr. Duterte.
Bernard Karmanocky, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony at the Heinz Memorial Chapel at the University of Pittsburgh.
Long before The Onion began printing farcical news articles, long before the Yes Men enacted their first culture-jamming political pranks, there was Alan Abel .
After the walk around the Harlem Meer, Mr.
This work of nonfiction is the history of an ugly and wildly successful lie.
The most prominent of Harrisburg’s former bishops is Cardinal William H. Keeler, who as archbishop of Baltimore was the first American bishop to volunteer to post the names of priests accused of abuse in his archdiocese.
Matta-Clark made his first “Garbage Wall” at St. Mark’s Church in the East Village in 1970.
We’re talking about 90 percent of customers coming from south of the border.
Mr. Najib has been embroiled for years in a scandal over billions of dollars that disappeared from a government investment fund that he once headed, 1Malaysia Development Berhad.
Almost finished solving but need a bit more help?
Both candidates have claimed the mantle of education champion.
But when Kyle leans into melody, and puts his words in service of his sound, he excels.
She is a daughter of Dr. Dena S. Friedman and Dr. Alan L. Friedman of Princeton, N.J.
Part of recovery is telling people that the only difference between you and them is time.” He presides in a city where the number of opioid overdose deaths, already high in 2015, more than doubled in 2016, to about 300.
In a 2017 message to supporters, he said the changes were necessary to ensure that “no candidate participating in our presidential nominating process gains any unfair advantage.”
Rooms come with eclectic antique furniture and claw-foot bathtubs, while the lively restaurant below is papered with vintage newspaper clippings about Guéthary’s storied past.
It took me a while to unravel what that actually meant.
Skeptics said they were dubious that Mr. Indiana, who died in May at 89, actually signed off on the work commissioned last year by Johnsonville Sausage in Wisconsin.
Mills: Yeah, can you give us an update of just — what’s the, what’s the latest from Pakistan?
The warehouse was orderly, with toys separated by age group and gender.
From the navigation panel on the left, select “settings,” then “flash briefing,” then “get more flash briefing content.” Look for “The New York Times” and select “enable skill.” Now you can say, “Alexa, what’s my flash briefing?” and you will hear that day’s episode of “The Daily.” On Google Home: You can say, “O.K., Google, play New York Times” to listen to that day’s episode of “The Daily.”
Escríbenos a esta dirección .
That’s a lot of pressure, a lot to live up to.
And therein lies the problem.
“I don’t want to see it anymore.” He opened a beer and seemed happy to talk about anything other than music.
The silence of their men who do not write from war-torn territories?
VOTE Katie!” On Saturday, Mr. Trump tweeted that his “thoughts and prayers” were with Ms. Arrington and those involved in the crash.
At one point they had a shop together in Nijmegen, but she wanted to offer a more eclectic selection and decided to go into business on her own.
The practitioners of “post-ideological” managerialism can no longer couch their private interests in the language of the common good; politics is being reanimated from below.
That is just the truth.
“Raúl, as first party secretary, will be not only watching him, but, more importantly, being there for him, symbolically, so he can move forward.” Alcibíades Hidalgo, who was Raúl Castro’s chief of staff for a dozen years, believes that his former boss will hold on to power “until the day he dies.” Alejandro Castro Espín, 52, is Raúl Castro’s son.
African-American luminaries like the noted anti-lynching crusader Ida B.
If Mr. Morris’s work puzzled some viewers, he was reluctant to explain it.
That deal should be verified by an indefinite, intrusive inspections regime.
The new album, “United We Swing,” gathers live tracks featuring, among others, Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, Eric Clapton, John Legend, Natalie Merchant and Lyle Lovett.
One of these, led by the geneticist Danielle Posthuma, studied more than 70,000 people and found genetic variations in more than 20 genes that were predictive of performance on intelligence tests.
Only now has that started to change.
It’s important to find workers with similar backgrounds and experiences.
Christopher T. Dunn, the associate legal director for the New York Civil Liberties Union, said the truncation rates were a significant concern: “If you’re a victim of police misconduct, that’s not going to give you a lot of confidence in the C.C.R.B.,” he said.
He did not respond to a direct question about his credit card.
But problems may be brewing.
Mr. Broidy helped plan it and was listed as a co-host .
The pact between Saudi-led OPEC and Moscow dried up the oil glut and more than doubled prices from their bottom in early 2016.
Sony’s deal comes a month after Spotify, the leading streaming service, had a successful direct listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
Stick with bottled water and peelable fruits.
Big question: This is another district where Democrats have a crowded field and are in danger of getting shut out of the November election.
hosts Real Salt Lake, 7 p.m. (MLS LIVE).
You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.
It’s the unofficial start of summer, so whether you’re relaxing at the beach, getting ready for a cookout or honoring the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform, take a minute to catch up on some great journalism.
It happens on any app where you can talk to another person.
Two summer midweeks are reserved for use by families.
Mr. Moriarty and Ms. Hodgetts were neighbors who often clashed, the police said.
The program can borrow up to $30.4 billion from the Treasury, but it has been unable to pay the money back.
Our food revolution was not just continental.
Asked what caused worms, one winner shouted, to general laughter: “Drinking bad water — and speaking ill of others.” Then Dr. Zirimwabagabo asked local officials to present $100 to each of three women who had worms, reported them, and kept them away from drinking water.
A Democratic pollster who works on legislative races and who said he could be more candid if he remained anonymous, told me: We have a real problem with white working class voters heading into 2020.
Here are six, from across the political spectrum, in their own words.
Ms. Warren sought the sit-down and did so as a courtesy and because they have a longstanding friendship that is rooted in candor, according to one Democrat close to the Massachusetts senator.
And did you know that he went to the Olympics?” And I kind of have a feeling that I’ve used the Olympics to get myself to meet the world.
Patrick Cushing, 31, worked for the technology group of the New York Senate, his brother said.
And it was precisely why I’d come to Bangkok.
After her killing, prosecutors said, the drug operation continued for five years.
He has often carried himself with bravado, dismissing critics and relishing the spotlight that has come with his success and fortune.
When they left, their luggage passed through airport security machines.
They thirst for truth.” Some 181 million people use Facebook every month across the Middle East and North Africa, the Facebook spokeswoman said.
“That’s my superpower!” Mr. West barks at the end of “Yikes,” speaking about his bipolar disorder diagnosis.
Verizon has paid down corporate debt by $4.2 billion this year, as it said it would after the tax law passed, and granted employees 50 shares of Verizon stock, a move worth more than $400 million.
President Trump added to the racial undercurrent, eagerly lobbing insults packed with innuendo at all three candidates.
These narratives were about what did or did not happen at a party 36 years ago.
The measures apply to England, Wales, and Scotland, while Northern Ireland intends to undertake similar legislative amendments.
On the day I made the trip last month, Mr. Furuya and an assistant collected 11 plastic crates, each holding about 2,000 pieces of mail, and loaded them into the back of the bulldozer.
Ms. Rose joins the growing list of female celebrities who have been harassed on social media.
“Just overextended my groin, I guess,” said James, who did not rule out playing on Thursday against the Sacramento Kings.
He left open the door to another story with a scene during the credits.
The terminal opened in 1939 to launch seaplanes, it has an Art Deco feel.
And what do you steer clear of?
Still, many live in a near-constant state of biochemical stress with the body’s alarm system turned on high all day long.
The owners sent a copy of a generic business operation certificate and another for maternity nutrition.
The American flag is not desecrated — that would be a federal offense, wouldn’t it?
With Marelyn in her arms, Ms. Pulex waded across.
[Read: Year After White Nationalist Rally, Charlottesville Is in Tug of War Over Its Soul ] Mr. Fields showed no emotion and sat subdued between his lawyers as a clerk read the unanimous verdicts and polled the jury of seven women and five men, including one African-American man.
Reducing trade deficits, he has argued, will work in tandem with lowering taxes and reducing federal regulations to supercharge growth.
How open are you to centralized, systemwide approaches, as opposed to plans that bubble up from individual schools or small districts, which is what we have had so far?
“In Russia, we mostly have statues of Lenin.” That is not strictly accurate.
Those two networks, which are growing businesses with an emphasis on streaming services, are key attractions for both Disney and Comcast.
In “Meal Ticket,” the grimmest and cruelest of these yarns, a man without limbs, known as Hamilton, the Wingless Thrush (Harry Melling), is carted around by a grizzled impresario (Liam Neeson) and made to perform feats of elocution amid the mud and dust of remote frontier settlements.
At first, she tried not to show her fear to the girls.
Ending the cruelty of unaffordable cash bail can begin to put some justice back into the criminal legal system, but only if we ensure that the system we replace it with doesn’t make things worse.
For parents, the findings present something of a paradox.
Is this how he saw me?
Browse past briefings here .
We have the lowest unemployment rates in history for African-Americans and Hispanics,” he said.
But Alex Waldmann’s little-boy-lost Brutus is at physical and temperamental odds with such a grandly conspiratorial role.
The hemp supposedly adds an herbal component, but for us the beer seemed quite classic, dry with a creamy texture and flavors of malt, chocolate and dried fruits.
You can also take home a piece of the city, thanks to the growing number of boutiques like Buffalo Adore , which features plenty of Buffalo-themed shirts, pins, coasters and prints from more than 100 local artisans.
Zuckerberg : The first thing is, I really wanted to make sure we had a full and accurate understanding of everything that happened.
One of the most important questions facing the American left is how complicit — albeit unwillingly and unconsciously — it has been in his rise.
How two years ago, I had to call a tree service to top them off.
“The only scar of my life after nearly 30 years of surfing was getting run over by a beginner” at Rockaway, said Mr. Crowley.
With AT&T having won its fight with the Justice Department, their concerns about Comcast may be assuaged.
In a statement, the Jordanian Embassy in Washington did not directly comment on the lawsuit but said that “Jordan successfully prosecuted the perpetrator, and he is now serving a life sentence.” “Jordan deeply regrets the tragedy, and has done its best to achieve justice,” the statement said.
Mr. Booker and his chief of staff, Matt Klapper, have interviewed a number of potential campaign managers in recent months, according to people who have spoken with his team.
The pool sat empty for four years, with guides attempting to quash the bitter disappointment of guests by suggesting that seeing the hacked-up shell was “a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” said Dan Falat, the park’s superintendent.
Not that he was out of the spotlight.
How, or more important, why did a landscape that was once accessible to all become so toxically white?
That’s true in terms of per-capita income … … and in terms of pickup truck ownership.
Woese noticed something about Sogin during their early interactions: The kid was not just smart but also handy around equipment.
So instead of centrist triangulation, O’Rourke — like Abrams and Gillum — is speaking to the aspirations of his base, and betting that other voters will be won over by his honesty.
“I have to say, I’ve never felt closer to this city,” said Afroditi, as we sat on the roof terrace of the villa she shares with her partner, Anthony S. Papadimitriou, president of the business and public benefit wing of the Onassis Foundation.
And what if Plemons’s narrator came in up top with some coy prefatory remarks to the effect of, “O.K., so we have no idea what was going through Cheney’s head here, and it’s not like we can just imagine it through a scene of fake Shakespeare — or can we?” McKay was leaning toward something like that: “My new thought is maybe we just go bigger with our interruption.” What if the screen went black?
“I don’t think it’s an easy thing to call,” he said of the rule.
Maybe you can no longer pretend that the dining table makes a suitable home office.
Nothing of the kind actually exists.
I want bad guys to not have guns just as much as anybody.” “Most gun dealers abide by the law and are really careful to sell guns in a responsible manner,” said Avery Gardiner, the co-president of the Brady campaign.
한국은 이러한 파트너십이 수년 간 초긴장 상태가 이어진 이후 정치적 해빙에 기여할 수 있기를 바란다고 했습니다.
And “A Ghost Story” stars a sheet-covered Casey Affleck.
Under Mr. Trump’s new rule, however, such plans can last for 364 days and can be renewed for up to three years.
“The idea that they’d dress in designer clothes, or anybody’s clothes other than the ones they made, was absolutely preposterous.
He also openly challenged the military’s support for terrorist groups and opposed its plans to mainstream radicals.
At least four more states look poised to expand after this week’s midterm election.
Auden and Chester Kallman, and a fitting choice for Salzburg: The work had its premiere there in 1966.
“Whatever needs to be done for them to take this seriously,” she said.
Ms. Coakley said her Navient work was focused on helping state officials better understand the company.
But, he said, “We passed a law that went far beyond what anybody realized in 1965, and we’re on a path now to surge far past what the situation was in 1924.” Mr.
After you have posted, try reading back to see what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting another comment.
They may improve a mother’s ability to help a child to first understand the outer world, and then learn how to make sense of internal sensations.
He also hopes that the rice will eventually sell at a price that most cooks can afford, and that African-American home cooks will come to see the hill rice and other traditional dishes as healthier alternatives to a popular perception of soul food.
The government offered four blocks that hold at least 4 billion barrels of recoverable oil under a thick layer of salt, according to IHS Markit, a research and consulting firm.
He was the new face of Kashmir’s war — until, that is, the Indian Army trapped him on a rooftop and blew him away.
Thanks to the hurricane, the state on Monday night extended its voter registration deadline, but only in counties where election offices were closed because of the storm — prompting the Florida Democratic Party to file a lawsuit seeking a statewide extension.
Draylen’s mother, Shamika Wilson, was injured in that explosion.
As a general rule, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents do not go into schools, which are considered “sensitive locations.”) New York City’s most prominent chancellor in recent years was Joel I. Klein, whom Mr. Bloomberg appointed in 2002 , shortly after he won mayoral control of the schools, and who served until 2010.
“Western Europe and North America understand that brain chemistry is often at the root of these problems.
The groom’s father was a welder with MGK, a contractor based in Curdworth, England.
“He wasn’t making those noises to be disruptive, he was enjoying the film like the rest of us.” Carlos Lezama rose from his chair and spoke to the man.
These majestic structures arrived with the first wave of development driven by the subway, rising on what had been vacant plots.
I’m sometimes reminded of Yeats’s “Second Coming”: “Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; / … / The best lack all conviction, and the worst are full of passion and intensity.” Sidell: If you could go back and not kill off one character, who would it be and why?
It also placed an emphasis on industrial hemp, allowing farmers to cultivate and sell low-THC cannabis.
Alfonso Alonso, the leader of Spain’s governing Popular Party in the Basque region, also poured cold water on the significance of ETA’s plan to dissolve itself.
Then, shimmying next to a scantily clad belly dancer, he addressed the state prosecutor in song, suggesting that a case about the country’s failure to pick up its garbage would be more worthwhile.
Now, a new exhibition has brought together the work of three of that era’s best-known avant-garde creators: Mario Pinton, Francesco Pavan and Giampaolo Babetto.
“Ryan kept saying, ‘You’re this tall,’ and kept gesturing with his hand, ‘You’re this tall, you’re this tall.’ ” At that point, the umpire came down from his chair and separated the players.
“Rump,” “Red,” “Jack,” “Grump,” by Liesl Shurtliff.
BlackRock has enormous influence over both gun makers and retailers.
“The Cured,” the debut feature from David Freyne, has roughly two.
Second baseman Gleyber Torres was 7 during the 2004 A.L.C.S., and Severino was 10.
On his campaign website and Twitter account and in public remarks, he focuses on supporting businesses, teachers and Social Security.
A plump cleric shakes a fist at her and yells, “Cover your hair, or I’ll punch you out of here,” when he sees a tiny bit of hair escaping from her hijab.
As they remember it, at first Ms. Levitt had said she was bringing a particular assistant, but not Mr. Eelman.
When Matic scored with a fierce left-foot shot, even though he wasn’t wearing any boots after injuring himself, Dukanac snapped him up.
(Mr. Domingo’s own plays, including “Dot,” aim much higher.)
Mr. Haniya hailed Egypt’s rare gesture of good will toward Gaza in opening its border crossing at Rafah, on the southern edge of the territory, for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which began a day earlier.
She said Mr. Percoco also told her that his wife, Lisa Toscano-Percoco, had been working for Competitive Power Ventures, an energy company that was seeking state approval to build a power plant in the Hudson Valley.
Ruth Ben-Ghiat, a scholar of fascism at New York University, described it as “a symptom” of the rehabilitation of Mussolini.
“And despite going out this way, we’re going to never forget this.
“Joe Girardi always told me I was a teacher at heart, because I love to teach.” The Yankees often seem intent on cornering the market on ex-players turned special advisers — Reggie Jackson, Hideki Matsui, Nick Swisher also serve in that role — but Rodriguez’s job is loosely defined.
for a decade, plans to step down in October, after engineering its $22 billion Liberty Global deal.
The flop of the Central New York Film Hub, built by frequent and generous donors to Gov.
Nonetheless, all the groups share some characteristics.
And I’m proud to report that I handled the rejection reasonably well; no tears were shed.
There are bullet holes in walls, tire treads on mobsters, and now bullet holes and tire treads all over his song.
The deaths Monday night of the two officers, Conrad Gary and Eduardo Marmolejo, were the latest in a series of losses for the Chicago Police Department in 2018 — a year Eddie Johnson, the police superintendent, described as “immensely difficult” during an emotional news conference.
They are real, but they are much smaller than many other risks in our lives, and much less than the headlines would have you believe , especially at the levels that most agree are permissible.
“I fired him on the spot.”
When Arthur Jones, a Holocaust denier, ran as a Republican in an Illinois congressional primary, the state Republican Party denounced him as a Nazi.
Mr. Mahoney appeared in dozens of Steppenwolf productions, including “Of Mice and Men,” “Born Yesterday,” “The Man Who Came to Dinner” and “The Dresser.” One production, “Orphans,” transferred to New York in 1985, and Mr. Mahoney found himself with a Theater World Award for his performance as a mobster kidnapped by small-time criminals.
“You are judged by your body, your looks, your cuteness factor, and then your skill,” the statement said.
The new White Album package peers deeply into their labors; it includes, for instance, Take 102 of George Harrison’s “Not Guilty,” a song that never reached the finished album.
But the Saudi-led coalition has shown signs of fragmenting .
Dr. O’Neal’s family knew her fiancé, whom they identified as Juan Lopez.
• An 11-year-old girl’s marriage to a 41-year-old man — the father of her best friend, above — has reignited debate in Malaysia about the persistence of an age-old Islamic practice.
• Is there an ideal shape?
I have not put out a body of work in music for three years now.
There’s a lot you don’t know yet, such as how often you’ll deal with this person and whether she recalls, let along hangs on to, that past negativity.
This was mandatory and this should have been done earlier for the whole border.” I came down to Kilis, which lies on the border with Syria, to learn more about the military operation and see what people directly affected by the war were saying.
Sometimes spacecraft aren’t ready on time for launch.
“This is disgusting and a waste of the court’s time and resources,” Judge Bryant said, who added that she found the case upsetting.
In the email, Mr. Cohen said: “Now is the time.
Others took refuge in shelters.
A polygamist under Zulu tradition, Mr. Zuma has more than 20 children, some of whom have been involved in questionable business deals.
They are joined in a parallel struggle by India’s lower castes, tribal communities like Ms. Minj’s and other marginalized groups.
Authorities said the vacant building had been deemed substandard.
So if the country in “Hazards of Time Travel” looks a lot like Gilead, that may be the fault of America and not Atwood.
The Senate testimony of Christine Blasey Ford and Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, the man she alleges assaulted her while they were in high school, revealed several details in their stories that do not match up.
These crisp, sugar-dusted wafers from the Seville region are made with olive oil and come in flavors like orange, cinnamon or anise and sesame.
The early returns are mixed.
Ms. Shawkat (a producer of the film) is funny and sharp, channeling Sybil’s rebellion against being confined to the role of muse.
Where his predecessor hoped to win hearts and minds, Mr. Trump champions the axiom that brute force is the only response to extremism — whether in Iran, Syria, Yemen or the Palestinian territories.
Mr. Bloomberg’s intervention is likely to undermine that financial advantage by bankrolling advertising on television, online and in the mail for Democratic candidates in a dozen or more congressional districts, chiefly in moderate suburban areas where Mr. Trump is unpopular.
The deal is still awaiting approval from American regulators, with the German chemicals giant saying on Wednesdaythat it was “working closely” with the Justice Department and other United States authorities.
“I thought it was really a quality effort by a mature, really good pitcher,” Boone said.
“He knew the Bible back to front,” a neighbor, Claudia Ellis, 61, said.
people to know that a trans woman has co-written and produced some of the biggest hits of the last couple years is beyond inspiring and beyond important.” Mr. Mendes, among the only current pop stars to convincingly wield a guitar, was a natural ally for Ms. Geiger, whose early career mirrored his own.
She won handily over an opponent who was a longtime member of the Connecticut Democratic establishment, buoyed by a progressive platform that included an embrace of “Medicare-for-all,” explicit support for racial justice and a pledge to not vote for the current minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, for speaker of the House should the Democrats take back control.
The next day, by some miracle, I went to a meeting.
As a message circulating among some Peking University student chat groups in recent weeks about Ms. Yue and her petition put it: “The Peking University Party bosses perceive the whole incident as political, involving students organizing and colluding with external forces.” Calling protests the result of foreign ideas has long been a dismissal tactic, but these Communist Party bosses are not wrong about it being political.
The analysts were careful to collect data without being noticed.
He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis and received a master’s degree in public affairs from Princeton.
Senior Harley-Davidson executives discussed such challenges on a conference call on Tuesday, but they said nothing about the possible effect of Mr. Trump’s attacks.
A year since its opening, the Louvre Abu Dhabi drew more than a million visitors to its dome-shaped museum that features borrowed treasures by Leonardo da Vinci and Vincent van Gogh from the collections of French institutions.
When Larry R. Meachum was a boy, his family was so poor that they often moved when the rent was due.
UNDERBUG An Obsessive Tale of Termites and Technology By Lisa Margonelli 303 pp.
“He did not want to lead America into a never-ending war.” But Afghanistan “felt a lot like Vietnam.
“Here those things melt away,” said David Chan, 28, a recent host of the queer Asian dance party Bubble T. He could have meant it literally: Mary J. Blige was playing, the crowd was downing CBD-infused Jell-O shots, and sweaty fishnet bumped against fish-shaped inflatables in the Standard Hotel’s rooftop pool.
• “Leave your pain here,” Judge Aquilina told one young woman, “and go out and do your magnificent things.” • Representative Patrick Meehan says that a former aide who filed a sexual misconduct complaint against him “specifically invited” his intimate communications .
But choosing the right goals and creating a solid plan can keep you on track .
It has been viewed more than 600,000 times on YouTube.
Colony NorthStar quickly terminated its arrangement with Mr. Gates, according to someone familiar with it.
What struck me most was the intimacy and comfortable relationship each child had with the life and death of the animals.
“We know that drinking, plus driving, spell death and disaster.” At a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden 34 years ago this week, President Ronald Reagan signed legislation designed to force states to raise their minimum drinking age to 21 by linking it to federal highway aid.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
Reaching maturity amid the uproar of second-wave feminism, Ms. Simmons, now 68, captured a mood that was in the air then and feels very timely now.
The retirement of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy from the Supreme Court could significantly reshape environmental law in the decades ahead and potentially make it easier for the Trump administration to roll back Obama-era climate change policies in the coming years, legal experts said.
Let us run your campaign.’” Chris Hurst, a first-time politician who was elected to Virginia’s House of Delegates last November, worked with Tech for Campaigns beginning several months before Election Day.
The far-right Alternative for Germany , or AfD, received less than 10 percent of the vote in the last election.
Daniel Rosen, a partner at the law firm Baker McKenzie , said that the I.R.S.
For the younger Mr. Boylan, the trial played out when he was a small boy, and it remains a formative event in his life and career.
It makes it sound as if Democrats aren’t really sure whether they believe that this country should have immigration laws.
“I think all of us look up to our dads a lot and try to emulate them; they’re all really good players,” Bichette said.
Maryon Pittman Allen, who was appointed to fill her husband’s seat in the United States Senate just days after his sudden death in 1978, died on Monday.
That was followed by a landmark domestic violence law in 2016, which made it easier for women across China to obtain such orders.
There were shots of women holding one another and smiling, wearing matching sweatshirts at an apple-picking farm.
At first I went with “Moses,” thinking (lamely) that maybe a writer’s credit could count.
About 630 women are detained daily on Rikers Island, many for nonviolent offenses.
The biggest concern plaguing investors is that an extended trade war could erode global growth just as the world’s biggest economies are already starting to cool.
In fact, the judge cited the acknowledgment of guilt by the individual seeking to bar Google from including his name as a factor in favor of suppressing that fact from Google users.
[ The Press Democrat ] • Nikko, a white-handed gibbon who had been moved from the Oakland Zoo to Santa Barbara because he was lonely, died just as he was starting to get to know his new companion, Jasmine, and her adopted daughter.
During a Senate hearing last month, Dr. Blasey, a university professor and research psychologist, described a chilling scene at a high school gathering more than 30 years ago, when, she said, a young, drunken Mr. Kavanaugh pinned her to a bed, tried to rip off her clothes and placed his hand over her mouth to muffle her screams for help.
Or do you prefer being indoors?
In a rare instance when he played a lead role, as Christopher Columbus in a student musical that traveled to Spain in 1992, Mr. Thompson said he felt out of place.
Or that Jacob deGrom’s first start of the season was unspectacular.
She is 28 now and describes receiving entreaties from Mr. Allen from when she was 18.
But conservative advocacy groups are counting on those three senators to vote in favor of Judge Kavanaugh, just as they voted in favor of Justice Neil M. Gorsuch last year.
The piece is finished, as what it was supposed to be.
Dr. Soon-Shiong said that his focus will remain on his day job — trying to cure cancer.
His mother owned and operated Young World Nursery School in Salem, Mass.
The groom’s mother, a child psychiatrist, is in private practice in Huntsville.
It’s about a host of style issues, many of which will surface as we discuss a sampling of entries.
Sydney’s natural beauty and charm — and its promotion of those assets — are unparalleled.
But exit day could be delayed, providing the other 27 nations agree, which they probably would for another vote.
[REPORTER: The alleged stealing from city residents was rampant.]
“When people doubt you, you can feel it,” Foles said after the game.
In turning to the courts, CNN has taken perhaps the most aggressive action yet by a news organization against a president.
At the Vanguard he appears with a full band (featuring some members of Stay Human, his late-night-TV ensemble): Giveton Gelin on trumpet, Patrick Bartley on alto saxophone, Tivon Pennicott on tenor saxophone, Phil Kuehn on bass and Joe Saylor on drums.
You know it’s going to happen one day.
Over the past several years, Pyongyang has tested atomic bombs — and, it claims, one hydrogen device — and has launched intercontinental missiles.
Instead, the company hopes to help smaller companies throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico streamline their operations and, in the process, retain and perhaps increase the number of jobs.
Violently hitting and clawing at a shark in its most tender regions can scare it off.
Would your feet hurt after walking a mile in their shoes?” This empathic metaphor seems particularly apt as we view images of the much-reviled migrant caravan making its way to the United States.
The new allegations focus on what federal prosecutors said was email correspondence between Mr. Ho and Cheikh Gadio, a former Senegalese foreign minister.
More recently, as they awaited a verdict, they struck a tone of confidence that they had ridden out the worst.
While getting rid of Chief Wahoo will be applauded by opponents, some may see it as only the first step toward the ultimate goal of changing the team name.
For the past few weeks, Mr. Cohen had been in discussions with Mr. Petrillo, who was “consulting with” him even before he was officially retained, one of the people familiar with the matter said.
They’re few and far between, but they’re vocal,” Ms. Voie said.
Peter Fritsch is a founder, with Glenn Simpson, of the research firm Fusion GPS.
She gave birth to her son in March 2015.
To the Editor: I shop at Dick’s Sporting Goods once or twice a year with my dad when I’m back home in Birmingham, Ala.
He did so, but Vice President Mike Pence endorsed Ms. Black, a former House colleague, in a post on Twitter last week, praising her as a “strong supporter” of the White House’s agenda.
“We must defend Governors Island.
The cathedral project is an emphatic example of necessary institutions, like public museums, that provide space for collective social, cultural and, yes, spiritual transactions.
I have my living child because of, not in spite of, medical science.
Every time somebody tweets “BREAKING” a little bell should go off in your head.
But on Monday, the influential newspaper Dawn was already calling him the prime minister in waiting.
And my patient’s heart rate was normal, and she was active and happy — except when I examined her, when she obligingly produced some tears, also signs of normal hydration status.
He has pitched in every major league city, closed out the 2013 World Baseball Classic and pitched in all four of Detroit’s losses in the forgettable 2006 World Series .
How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives?
Now, rather than a careful professor, a reckless bully owns Washington — a lover of backlash, the embodiment of it.
The company sold only a few dozen pacemakers in 1957 and 1958.
There are other changes, and Dollat doesn’t like them much.
News was disinformation that could encourage fear, start wars and convince people of anything, but the Knife wielded its powerful tool nobly.
Maisel” set for release on Dec. 5.
Margaret O’Mara, a professor of history at the University of Washington, is the author of a forthcoming book, “The Code: Silicon Valley and the Remaking of America.” Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
The report cannot be made public, she said, because modern forgers could use that information to create better forgeries.
Polling on issues from the economy to immigration to same-sex marriage supports this view; surveys show, for example, that a solid majority of Americans support legal abortion under any or some circumstances , and very much oppose overturning Roe v. Wade .
A player the Yankees could not afford to play is one whom, for the moment, they cannot do without.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
Do You Want to Write a Book?
In People v. Sala , the New York appeals court explained that “fraudulent intent is usually not susceptible of proof by direct evidence and must ordinarily be inferred from circumstantial evidence such as the defendant’s knowledge of the misleading or deceptive nature of the particular business practices employed.” The use of a fake accountant could go a long way toward proving that there was a scheme to mislead the banks.
European prices rose almost 15 percent, ArcelorMittal reported.
212-864-6662, smokejazz.com AARON PARKS’S LITTLE BIG AND RAFIQ BHATIA AND CRAIG WEINRIB at Nublu 151 (Sept. 6, 9 p.m.).
Once it’s dried, it’s burned.
( WSJ ) • The president dispensed with a “boring” speech on tax to denounce immigration.
Lionsgate plans to release the movie in about 475 theaters nationwide after it generated solid ticket sales in a 14-theater trial run last weekend and received an A grade from audiences in CinemaScore exit polls.
IBT Media, the publisher of the International Business Times, purchased Newsweek in 2013 and rebranded as the Newsweek Media Group in 2017.
The trial for her lawsuit against the United States Tennis Association, in which she is seeking damages for the concussion she sustained when she slipped and fell at the 2015 United States Open, begins on Feb. 20.
State laws carefully control, and heavily tax, marijuana distribution; regulators and law-enforcement officers investigating violators rely on the paper trails bank accounts leave behind.
Robert E. Murray's wish list of environmental rollbacks reads like a playbook for the Trump administration.
Indeed, you can make a reasonable case that theirs was the last great burst of creativity in Western history, the last great surge of mass cultural invention.
He founded the boutique studio in 2005 with his brother, Harvey, who was fired last year after dozens of women publicly accused him of sexual misconduct .
Soon after the inauguration of Mr. Khan’s new government, Information Minister Fawad Chaudhry raised hopes among the international news media when he said in an interview in August that he would ease visa restrictions for foreign journalists.
But hopefully we’ll have made some progress in the psychology of turning the other cheek.
He resurfaced in 2015 , when he qualified to play in the Frys.com Open.
But they didn’t need to.
Just say, “I’m a bit of a germophobe.
Mr. Bernard is one of those people.
Only two other switch-hitters, Mickey Mantle and Eddie Murray, hit more homers than Jones’ 468.
Besides interviewing people who knew them, I wanted to capture the history and rhythm of life in areas where the Trumps have roots, and so I wandered, sampling food, culture and ambience.
In mid-August, Republicans struck back with a blizzard of attack ads from both Mr. Barr and the Congressional Leadership Fund, the sanctioned super PAC of Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
For the month of August, Ruffian — a pencil-thin wine bar with a 19-seat counter and not much else — will take you on a voyage to the ports of call in Homer’s “Odyssey.” “We’ve had great success serving Greek wines, and we thought this would be interesting and fun,” said Moshe Schulman, a partner in the restaurant.
“Local communities are clear that the costs of expansion at Heathrow, including as many as 700 more planes in the skies every single day, far outweigh any alleged benefits,” said Paul McGuinness, who leads the No 3rd Runway Coalition, a group opposed to expansion.
“This is the first time in my career I haven’t had to do something to my shoes,” she said.
I am black and in the seventh grade.
[ NJ.com ] • Princeton University’s campus is embroiled in a debate over how to punish students accused of cheating.
1s, with 19 major victories among them.
The sport itself has always seemed something of an afterthought, what happened on the field somehow less important than the beauty of the stadiums.
Others asked for donations along the roadside, including one woman wearing a hijab who carried her young son in one arm and a box with instant noodles and drinking water in the other.
The buyers are hoping that the land will increase in value nonetheless, because of higher energy prices, new technologies that could make exploration and drilling more economical or the emergence of markets for other resources hidden beneath the surface.
If Kauffman’s story has a hero, it is Frances Moore Lappé, the writer who most galvanized the counterculture just as it was beginning to think of eating as a political act.
As we chatted about our good fortune in not having to pay for a parking garage, out of the corner of my eye I saw a car coming down the street that seemed to be way too close to ours as it tried to squeeze past the backed-up traffic.
So there is still much to be done to get rid these of dream-stealing restrictions, which are all-too common in low-wage businesses like temporary agencies and fast-food companies.
In the time since, the couple has become virtually inseparable — and their work, which shares points of inspiration and a bright sensibility, has become increasingly intertwined.
Perpetrators said things like, “Well, I killed communists in Vietnam, why wouldn’t I kill communists in North Carolina?” When I started to review records of other white power activists, I found an entire social movement animated by this idea.
The French president, Emmanuel Macron, said Monday evening that it was unknown if anyone had been killed or trapped.
At the same time, the pictures reveal the artificialness of the color, highlighting darker hair strands to some degree in every piece.
“Certainly nobody under 21 should have an AR-15,” he told reporters in Kansas last week.
But soon, the host delivered bad news.
But unlike Gucci, where Mr. Michele arrived as an unknown, the expectations for Mr. Simons were high.
For Mr. D’Agostino, the lightning-bolt moment came on a weekend camping trip with his wife at Stokes State Forest in New Jersey, crowded together with dozens of other campers.
I am by no means a gym expert, but I have worked out long enough to exercise without injury.
She uses all kinds of other fish instead — pomfret, pearl spot, mackerel or kingfish.
Superficially, the revamped magazine has a new look, an impressively larger 10 inch by 12 inch trim size, an editorial emphasis on inclusiveness and an approach to the contested territory of gender that Mr. Farneti claims is part of his mission.
The stock markets this week have reflected the jitters.
This is a dangerous trend.” Russia does not, however, appear to be trying to penetrate voting machines or Americans’ ballots, United States officials said.
He plans to be back in school by then anyway.
We state for the record: Any suggestion that we had prior knowledge of the Trump administration’s announcement of new tariffs on steel imports is categorically untrue.
And my manager said to me, “No, no.
“It’s not about making friends,” Ms. Anderson said.
They include new sanctions to punish states that initiate cyberattacks on elections or critical infrastructure, an international summit meeting centered on such threats, an allied commitment of mutual defense against cyberattacks, as well as forcing social media companies to disclose the sources of funding for political ads.
Try a diet reset Mr. Leonhardt’s own reckoning with sugar came when he cut sugar out of his diet for an entire month, which he wrote about here .
The next step, she added, was “to take that same concept and apply it to boys.” The 21-year-old festival has also expanded with “Friends & Neighbors,” a shorts program initiated in 2017, with films this year from the Festival Internacional de Cine de Morelia , in Mexico.
But that is not more than any previous presidency — Mr. Obama withdrew 1,814 federal rules during his eight-year term and Mr. Bush eliminated 2,813 while in office.
And in recent speeches around the country, Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, has made a spirited case for it, arguing that a strict approach is a vital tool for deterrence.
“There’s an awareness of each other that you get in a really lovely way.” While South Harlem has always had fans, it was subject to negative attention in the late 20th century, particularly from outsiders, as the neighborhood grappled with crime, poverty and decay.
Mr. Al Baker had just become chairman of the trade body’s board of governors .
But are they telling a story or merely parading it?
A few years ago I ordered a bottle of aligoté at a sushi bar and discovered, to my surprise, that it went beautifully with the meal.
A wall-mounted shelf might do just as well, if all you want is a place to show off small accessories or stash a few novels — and it won’t hog floor space or overwhelm a room.
As President Trump fights for confirmation of Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, the stakes go beyond the fate of this particular conservative nominee.
This while his tiny landlocked kingdom has one of the lowest life expectancies in the world, and the average person gets by on less than $1.50 a day.
Fighting up close should play well with her next goal, training and competing in Brazilian juijitsu, which trades the kicks and knees of Muay Thai for chokes, joint locks and throws.
“Can you have the medical meet us there on the runway,” Captain Shults calmly told air traffic controllers in Philadelphia.
Pornanong has missed six cuts in seven previous appearances in the championship, and her best result in a major is a tie for seventh at the 2014 United States Women’s Open.
Basically the Mama Rose of Rome, she eggs her son to do what she could probably do better.
King George II, who died in 1760, was the last monarch to be buried at Westminster (the royal family now favors Windsor).
Amid the general thawing of the Khrushchev era, many of these architects — among the most prominent were Halina Skibniewska and Jerzy Soltan, the latter of whom studied under Le Corbusier — were for the first time permitted to travel to countries on the other side of the Iron Curtain.
Progressives and even conscientious bureaucrats who are used to a place in the power structure are being frozen out.
Mr. Kobzon was remarkable in his ability to remain in favor as his homeland experienced unprecedented changes.
But it’s also worth noting that in Mr. Harner, excellent as Rostand, the play supplies her with a worthy backboard and erotic partner.
It was the first time Dumbledore met his match and, for a reason I can’t divulge, they have this falling out.
Cantley wondered whether the additional insulin was reactivating the signals within the tumor cells that had been shut off by the PI3 kinase inhibitor, and so allowing the cells to survive — in effect, undoing all the good being done by the drug.
“It’s all become far more complicated than it used to be when people turned 65, got their Social Security, got their Medicare, and that was that,” said Patricia Neuman, director of the Kaiser Family Foundation Program on Medicare Policy .
“All companies are now becoming tech companies,” said Tom Ogletree, director of social impact at General Assembly , an organization that runs courses in computer science in 20 cities around the globe.
• Walt Mossberg , a leading tech journalist who has spent decades following Silicon Valley, quit Facebook .
Why did you decide to wear so much pink today?
Here, for instance, is Maria Demertzis, the deputy director of Bruegel, an economic research institute in Brussels: You can’t really depend on Trump.
Hence the contemporary appeal of the antihero, and the disappearance of the traditional hero.
I have three small children, two girls and a boy, and I live in New Haven with my wife.
poured unprecedented amounts of money into efforts to deliver Donald Trump the White House and help Republicans hold both houses of Congress,” the center wrote.
I researched the CPT codes and realized that insurance was being double charged for the medication, because I bought it at the pharmacy, but the code they used covered both the injection and the medication.
But Janacek was nothing if not full of chutzpah and ambition.
Recuerda: #PonleAcento a las palabras que les corresponde.
On Amazon Echo, Echo Dot or Tap: Open the Alexa app.
It’s not just the number of high-caliber players that Joachim Löw, Germany’s coach, can call on that’s fearsome; it is also the flexibility they offer.
Mr. Bezos also talks about the importance of “high standards” for his digital behemoth.
“You couldn’t miss her,” Ms. Lee said.
Nippers also teaches kids that everyone has a place, regardless of ability.
At around the same time, President Trump vowed to find a way to prevent a major Chinese telecommunications company from going bust, even though the company has a history of violating American limits on doing business with countries like Iran and North Korea.
The wreckage of the downpour, coming so soon after the wildfires, was not a coincidence but a direct result of the charred lands, left vulnerable to quickly forming mudslides.
Colleges don’t like to talk about this much, and officials don’t like to be pinned down.
In mid-June, veterans protested in Zhongjiang County , in southern China, after rumors spread that a disabled former soldier there had been beaten by the police.
Changes to the signal system and new safety rules have increased delays, an issue that won’t be easy for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to fix.
If you want to do it yourself, you can find dozens of videos online offering detailed instructions on how to make a headboard using little more than some plywood, quilt batting, fabric and a staple gun.
The hospital treated 23 gunshot wounds during the same period, double the number in the first quarter of last year.
Mr. Cheney long suspected that Mr. Comey was taking revenge for a dispute between them over the legality of a surveillance program.
Morton: What you have to do is you have to frame their personal grievance in a way that is making them think that they can contribute to a broader cause.
The primary tools Mr. Trump has employed to shape world events are tariffs and sanctions, but Mr. Pompeo has control over neither.
On one shelf, “The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life” perches next to “The Power of Kindness.”
Beyond competing, the team wants to use its social media following, presence at the games and merchandise sales to shed light on the treatment of indigenous communities and raise funds for “Missing and Murdered Women USA,” a charity based in the United States.
“Once you add water, whatever didn’t dissolve is going to be oily,” Professor Kumar said.
“That is the message they send by not resigning.
The company, led by Jeff Bezos, started the process in typically innovative fashion in September by issuing an unusual and very public request for proposals.
He said that the drop in shipments is likely an “expected correction” in the market.
As the team moved the ball toward dangerous territory, Lucas Biglia perhaps got antsy and tried a shot from way out.
You have to take that thing — album, author, song, movie, show — and do more than love it.
George Kwong was called “Sleepy,” for how he looked after a few beers, and Donald Chin was “the Duck.” That was Lungie — Henry Eng — nicknamed after the Taishanese word for “dragon,” because he was the best dragon dancer.
“You never know who will end up being the real buyer,” Ms. Bromberg said.
A tree had fallen on top of the dive shop and hit one of the compressors.
After the Rays evened the score, the Yankees scored twice in the fifth and once in the seventh off Ryan Yarbrough — a left-handed starter who does not start.
But her campaign — and her potential to become the first black woman elected governor of any state — remains strong .
“They have built a system that is nongovernable, nonmanageable, whoever is elected.” Few Western leaders were present — the only leader from the European Union was the president of Bulgaria — although a former chancellor of Germany, Gerhard Schröder, who has maintained close relations with Mr. Erdogan since his time in office, was present.
(Foeman used this company for a minority of her research.)
There wasn’t cash for subway fare.
With an administration that has proposed funding cuts for the arts, and honorees who have been vocal with their presidential criticism , it was almost to be expected.
Focus your attention on your boyfriend — whom you love, presumably.
Those numbers are typical of most months.
• U.S. stocks were up on Tuesday.
“I feel good about it, but we got to knock it out of the park,” Mr. Wilson said.
France’s fake-news battle, Britain’s most expensive divorce and Spain’s new government.
It was supposed to harness technology in the service of development; it has made people’s personal data vulnerable.
In a separate decision , the district court found similar flaws in several state legislative districts.
“Here, the transgression is a voodoo curse, a subject that provides Due with a unique microscope with which to study racism, greed, separation and communication breakdowns.
“They’re so confident that the government supports their views that they’re marching around showing their faces in public,” she said.
Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cover.
The politics of climate change remains devilishly hard, especially because so many people around the world feel frustrated about their living standards.
Connecticut’s governor, Dannel Malloy, is considering a proposal by a Yale health economist.
He graduated from Stanford and received a law degree from Harvard.
It’s now going by MAMACHA — but even the new name might not be enough.
[ New York Times ] • Canal Street, the once-derided thoroughfare most synonymous with fake designer goods, is in the midst of a high-fashion makeover.
Take the current confidence cycle.
Although Republicans, Democrats and independents in the survey had divided emotional reactions on various snooping techniques, the majority of respondents said that the surveillance was expected.
A flurry of intense conversations ensued among Dr. Elston; Dr. Hruza; the current academy president, Dr. Suzanne Olbricht; a lawyer for the dermatology academy; and the paper’s authors.
Mr. Davis spotted her and sent over his bodyguard to tell her, she recalled, that the trumpeter would “like to have a drink with you.” They were married in 1968 and divorced after a turbulent, sometimes violent year.
“At 5-all, I said to myself: ‘OK, calm down.
Hansford’s menu included a spread of salads, crudités and pickled vegetables, plus grilled shrimp and steamed king crab legs for pescatarians and pink peppercorn steak for meat-eaters.
Despite the 2015 report’s determination that 40,000 buildings were unsafe, only a tiny fraction were officially declared unsafe by the city in all of 2016, according to an activist group.
Readers from all across the country wrote in last week to tell us about the political issues you and your neighbors would like to hear more about in the final days of the campaign.
But it is an important part of the public square.
She plans to learn welding in the near future.
There is nothing more clarifying than a criminal indictment.
The video was definitely a conversation starter, and it made people more likely to open up to me about their struggles as a freshman.
Vinci’s Olympic performances came at the end of a dominating era for American weight lifters.
I’m assuming everything was pretty much played live in the studio on this album.
It was the copy of “The Catcher in the Rye” he had ordered for Sergeant Cox’s 33rd birthday.
The more than two dozen petitioners, who included gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people, could have been rounded up and arrested simply for identifying themselves as gay and coming forward.
“Take your heartthrob to a small-plates place, because fasting in the Catholic Church doesn’t mean that you go without, or with just water,” he said.
“Being a ranger is about protecting our own country,” said Gatha Pura Munnunggurr, 28.
Last year, Facebook sent its general counsel, Colin Stretch, to join lawyers from Twitter and Google to testify about social media’s role in spreading disinformation during the 2016 election.
The exercisers’ weekly program consisted of unsupervised walking or jogging, with the aim of working out for at least 20 minutes a day and ideally for 40 minutes or more.
After she was essentially abandoned​​, an older prostitute discovered her and put her to work in a garbage-strewn park selling sex.
Often it’s England as bad dream.
“We were rehearsing, and I was digging quickly, you know, pretending to dig so I could get in, and Audiard said: ‘Look around you.
I’ve been around white people a lot.
Boone said he was banged up, but it didn’t go unnoticed that Hicks walked gingerly off the field after safely, though awkwardly, sliding into second base on the game-ending ground ball — the same one that saw Sanchez trotting casually to first.
“I don’t trust people a lot.” She sometimes told friends about an impulsive wedding in Las Vegas and a marriage that lasted two weeks, but she never revealed the man’s name or provided evidence, they said.
Mr. Astashkin, 32, who has degrees in engineering and information technology and speaks Latvian and Russian, came to the United States in 2013 to go to flight school, and then became a flight instructor, training American military pilots who were transitioning to civilian flying jobs.
People who are opposed to abortion — as well as those who have deep qualms about it — are unlikely to have fetuses tested for conditions like Down syndrome, to take one example.
Separately, the French cement giant Lafarge SA is under formal investigation over allegations that it financed terrorist groups, including the Islamic State, in Syria and violated an E.U.
He graduated from Bates College.
Sometimes, as the fetus weakens, a phenomenon called mirror syndrome occurs: The mother also becomes ill, with severe high blood pressure and other problems that can kill her unless the pregnancy is ended.
Multiple people likened the experience to church: strangers squashed together in wooden benches, standing and sitting at the behest of a man in robes and listening to hours of monotone call and response.
The Air Force did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Friday night.
When they met at the White House two months after President Trump’s inauguration, they reportedly forged an immediate friendship, each affirming the other’s precocity and royal glow.
“He called her Miss Garbo and sent her home with garlands of flowers.” The enclosures are a natural outgrowth of greater prosperity, Ms. Herold said: “This was a little artists’ community.
And it’s not the slightest bit controversial.” He went on: “With each year that passes they try to reduce the significance of 1917.
When Walter Kempowski’s “All for Nothing” appeared in German in 2006, it was part of a first wave of public engagement with a long-simmering trauma.
He earned a doctorate at Princeton, where he immersed himself in an intellectual caldron of professors and fellow fledgling mathematicians including Oskar Morgenstern , Albert William Tucker , Thomas Whitin and John Nash , the future Nobel laureate, with whom he shared a dormitory suite.
Congress needs to be more involved in decisions like those about when and where America fights terrorists.
So we created a continuous news desk to handle that.
A volunteer for an organization devoted to the care of Manhattan’s elderly shut-ins discovered her cache of work and introduced it to the gallerist Gary Snyder, who gave Springford an exhibition in 1998 and mounted a memorial show in 2003, the year of her death at the age of 90.
She told the man she was dating at the time that she was scared to go out with Mr.
When the replacement vehicle showed up, it was a disappointment: a ragged stretch limousine, an S.U.V.
White House officials moved quickly on Wednesday to calm fears of a potential trade war with China, saying the administration’s proposed tariffs were a “threat” that would ultimately help, not hurt, the United States economy, hours after China said it would punish American products with similar levies.
Few people have experienced as dramatic a life as Angela Davis.
Such accusations, which the leadership denied, appeared to have helped the winning candidate, who mobilized new voters to go to the ballots.
The most important thing is the result.” The celebrations among the Mexican players after the game felt almost subdued, nothing like the joyful catharsis after the team’s victory over Germany.
The Knicks had the deficit down to 7 when Johnson came leaping from behind to block Trier’s layup attempt with about 30 seconds to play in the game.
People died on the streets and their bodies were left unburied, he said.
The latest newsletter appears here.
Ocean Dreams, a 425-unit luxury rental complex overlooking the Atlantic on the western end of Coney Island, recently topped out and is expected to open next summer.
While the filmmakers aren’t exerting themselves to deliver anything other than a popcorn-seller, Ms. Union is working hard to keep you watching.
Taffy helps us understand how oftentimes, when our current healthcare systems fail to take the pain and suffering of women and gender nonconforming people seriously, Goop can offer a seductive alternative — that comes at a price.
Judge Kavanaugh’s most interesting campaign finance decision, Bluman v. Federal Election Commission , in 2011, appears to cut in the opposite direction, at least at first blush.
“I’m still a Republican.” On Aug. 16, about three weeks after the health care vote, Murkowski, along with a few staff members, sat in a rental car outside a hotel in Bethel, a town in western Alaska.
Grizot said the Cup had been sold out for months.
Enjoying the beach experience, without the swimming issues.” — Michelle Jaffé, 62, TriBeCa, Manhattan Along the Hudson River: “I think a Manhattan Beach is a great idea!
As the top seed at Wimbledon and reigning French Open champion, Simona Halep was always going to be a focus of attention.
Ms. Sanders also said that the Trump administration had already created three times as many jobs for black Americans as the Obama administration did.
On this warm February evening, Vinny, Ronnie, Pauly D and the Situation were in town buying groceries.
But rather than kill him in one strike, Soo-hyun tortures him with a wicked game of catch and release.
These moguls demanded more protection and obtained satisfaction.
The earth is a restless place, she told the children, and earthquakes, especially here in Alaska, are part of that story.
A later version took the tracks down Flatbush Avenue to Floyd Bennett Field, New York’s first municipal airport.
He was found not guilty on one count of money laundering conspiracy.
Talking to my parents and other adults around their age (50’s), I have noticed that they generally enjoy the same musical artists; the Beatles, ELO, Queen, etc.
Minnesota prides itself on being “the Land of 10,000 Lakes.” At least 1,100 lie in the far northeastern part of the state, along the border with Canada, where more than a million acres of pristine waters and unspoiled woodlands are interspersed with canyons, steep cliffs and huge rock formations shaped by glaciers during the last ice age.
He graduated from the University of Tampere in Finland.
But given Italy’s size and its status as a core country of the bloc, a crisis, should it come, could be unmanageable and have consequences not just for the European economy but also for the world.
At best, as in the case of the Greens and the Left Party, it is stagnating.
“We are not ourselves happy about this,” Cardinal Daniel DiNardo of Houston, the president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, said at a midday news conference.
Now, his departure as president leaves South Africa with a disillusioned electorate, a weakened economy and a tarnished image in the rest of Africa.
Still, the signs of strength — at least for the next couple of years — are impressive.
Two miles to the playground at 4 years old was real.
Renée Fleming, the most famous soprano today, says she has sung about 55.
Mr. Bolsonaro, a former army captain who has been a representative since 1991, was long a marginal figure in Congress, best known for his incendiary comments .
“Let children really enjoy childhood,” Mr. Rao said.
We don’t have one in our town and she’s never been.
“Rampage,” which received weak reviews , collected an additional $140 million overseas, according to comScore, which compiles box office data.
For those who can form their own groups, Freedom Lifted arranges custom itineraries to Civil Rights sights primarily in the South.
A few workers in hard hats and florescent yellow vests from a company called Restoration Management Company — a firm that specializes in services cleaning up “trauma scenes,” according to its website — carried plastic bags of debris out of the building.
Though the commonwealth has seen other power outages since the storm, Wednesday’s blackout was the first time that nearly all everyone found themselves in the dark.
“Rohingya Muslims should not be allowed to live on this country’s soil and those who sympathize with them should also not be allowed to live here.”
[ The New York Times ] • She was a privileged Hollywood daughter who grew up in Beverly Hills, graduated from Stanford and had a budding film career.
Savino found the invitation unusual enough to turn to one of Sen. Klein’s staff members present to ask if he had heard the invitation,” Mr. Klein’s lawyers wrote.
“It’s likely useful for anti-aging.” And purslane is no common weed, she says.
Several fraternities in the North-American Interfraternity Conference have grappled with hazing-related deaths.
If you don’t see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to The Daily for free, follow the instructions below.
Even more common in humans than a lack of lateral incisors, said Ariadne Letra, an associate professor at the University of Texas School of Dentistry at Houston, is the absence of the lower second premolars, the teeth with two cusps located in the bottom jaw just before the four-cusped molars.
Shine was never accused of the kind of aggressive, coercive harassment that took down several of his colleagues, including Mr. Ailes and Bill O’Reilly, and he has denied any wrongdoing.
That gives Mitt Romney — former presidential candidate, former Massachusetts governor, former private equity mogul , current (and increasingly frequent) Trump critic — a chance to run for the seat.
That experience led Mr. Rodriguez to start a company, InverSol , to make small solar generators that can be installed on roofs and provide at least some power during blackouts.
He was 36; he didn’t think he could play someone that weathered.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has reigned as Germany’s — and often Europe’s — leading political power for 13 years.
The story unfolds from the perspective of a curious, irrepressible 4-year-old boy named TJ, who loves music and playing ball, and navigates a neighborhood where gun violence, police brutality, alcoholism and drug addiction are looming threats — an outside world that even his warm home life with loving parents can’t shield him from.
The bride, 32, is the senior director, nutrition policy, at the United Fresh Produce Association in Washington.
Though he doesn’t quite achieve Coogler’s balance of poetic intensity and laid-back naturalism, Caple proves to be both a capable fight choreographer and a deft orchestrator of emotions.
Someone in Kanye’s camp is trying to get me in a room with him.
Additionally, the snoring could be a medical condition, so any actions the landlord takes against your neighbor could violate the state Human Rights Law .
Korean red-pepper flakes are a good substitute.)
[Archival tape of rescue mission] Reporter: In a dramatic rescue mission, the helicopter touched down for five very precious but awful minutes.
He said he wanted a break.
The Polish government has argued that the changes are needed to rid the courts of any vestiges of the Communist era.
Institutional investors need to be blocked from further expansion and forced to restructure .
Jackson, the 32nd overall pick in this year’s draft, completed 12 of 22 passes.
Not even the sight of devastated families could move the party that once called itself the party of family values.
She added that, if there were a second referendum, “people would vote to stay.” Since a majority of Britons voted narrowly to leave the bloc more than 18 months ago, most politicians have treated a withdrawal, known as Brexit, as inviolable.
“His work confronts contemporary issues and he has by now influenced generations of artists in our country and internationally.” Mr. Puryear will create new, site-specific pieces for the pavilion, a Palladian-style 1930 structure, including sculpture for its galleries and an outdoor installation in the forecourt.
My two senators are women (one of color), and we have had two women senators for 25 years.
“Now,” she said, “I know that in order to live a happy life you’re supposed to let go of your anger and move on.” Robb Todd wrote today’s Back Story.
The settlement required Mr. Greenberg to pay $9 million, which represented the bonuses he received during the period when the transactions took place.
context is that the added construction is easy on neighborhoods and neighbors.
His father, a bookkeeper, never made more than $6,000 a year, he wrote.
As part of that line of inquiry, he also admitted to having an affair about a decade ago, flying first class to London to an apartment he used for trysts.
Nineteen years old, and skinny as a beanpole, he had been offered a training course working at the luxury department store Bonwit Teller, where he eventually landed a job in the advertising department.
I would ask, “What else are they telling you about these holidays and these people?
The show, which opened on Oct. 7, includes eight drawings of their “ Big Sweep ” sculpture, the 31-foot-tall steel, aluminum, plastic and enamel broom and pan that stand outside the museum.
RABBI JEFFREY K. SALKIN HOLLYWOOD, FLA. ♦ To the Editor: Raja Shehadeh’s brilliant review of Yossi Klein Halevi’s book could not be more timely.
A study by multiple universities reported that, over a one-year period, of the 242 scripted shows on broadcast, cable and streaming TV, just one-third had a series regular who was Asian-American or Pacific Islander.
“Donald and I often talk about how the kids’ movies from our childhood are memorable because they’re so tonally complex.
Hillary Clinton couldn’t even understand how this guy could be considered.
“The experience will be a hodgepodge across the states,” said Chet Burrell, the former chief executive of CareFirst, the Blue Cross plan that sells A.C.A.
For years, Cape Town had been warned that it needed to increase and diversify its water supply.
Her signature 14-carat-gold Round Ones hoop earrings, for example, have a small hole through which other earrings can be threaded to create new pieces.
“Did she pass away a long time ago?” “Who said that she is dead?” He knocked off another 5 percent, and I walked out with a new microwave oven.
A program known as compassionate use, or expanded access, has been in place since the 1970s.
Even after 15 years at the helm, Mr. Erdogan, whose skills as an orator even his opponents envy, treats every event like a campaign rally — and he turns just about every day into one.
John Logan, who gave Victor Frankenstein and his creation new life on his 2014 Showtime series “Penny Dreadful,” says poignancy has kept “Frankenstein” alive: “In a way you can’t say about, say, ‘Dracula’ or ‘The Mummy,’ we feel a kinship with the Creature.
A new study pokes a hole in that prescription.
The latest version, like the unfortunate 2000 live-action film starring Jim Carrey, pads out the parable with slapstick business and character enlargement.
It is summarized in a new book from Harvard Health Publications, “An Introduction to Tai Chi,” which includes the latest studies of healthy people whose mission was health preservation as well as people with conditions like high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, arthritis and osteoporosis.
Never say “rape”; say “inappropriate contact” or “boundary issues.” Second, don’t conduct genuine investigations with properly trained personnel.
The helicopter is to make five short flights over 30 days.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
Liz Purchia, a spokeswoman, said Ms. McCarthy was not aware of the work Mr. Perrotta did for A.M.I.
Sorry, Frances Mayes — there are too many foreigners under the Tuscan sun.
And it is fighting hard in Washington to win approval for the sale of Sprint, which it controls, to T-Mobile.
Harvard Medical School established the T. Berry Brazelton Chair in Pediatrics in 1995.
Janet Redman, the climate and energy director at Greenpeace USA, says that reducing this footprint is the most effective way for the industry to fight global warming.
“International trade creates diffuse benefits and concentrated costs,” he added.
He pleaded guilty in March to charges of firearms trafficking.
Amazon is thus not the only company chasing the dream of everywhere voice computing.
Matthew Albence, the acting No.
Handmade in Italy, they have a two millimeter sole — slightly thicker than usual — for extra comfort and durability.
On Wednesday, the Fed will release the minutes of the September meeting .
dog.” Top congressional Republicans and President Trump say they are simply representing their constituents who see gun control as a threat to deeply personal Second Amendment rights and unenforced immigration laws as a threat to American jobs and security.
• Watch “The New York Times Close Up,” featuring The Times’s Darcy Eveleigh , Emma Cott and other guests.
A century later, it is unlikely that we can escape the theater of grandiosity, with leaders crowding the stage for their photo op.
Tyler McCarthy, 15, of the Hoggard High School, put it this way: “ I also created an even better bond with my mom.
“I like cooking fish, and I also wanted to take it out of the Spanish vernacular.” So the menu they devised features global touches in dishes like raw scallops with shiso tacos, sea urchin with a sweet-corn chawanmushi custard, shellfish pozole, and a tuna casserole with curry leaf.
Here are some ideas that are sure to please.
We weight our poll, too, which we’ll get to in a bit.
The outsize reverence for him later obscured how much fear he sowed after he assumed the presidency in 1981 and how much the response to him in the first years of his administration was like the response to Trump now, at least among Americans who hadn’t voted for him.
What was your childhood like?
Many progressives dismissed Shanker, a cerebral former graduate student in philosophy, as a madman, as a well-known joke from the era suggests.
African Parks takes over management of floundering protected areas in partnership with countries including Malawi, Chad and the Central African Republic, offering seed money for infrastructure, and then sending the profit once the tourists start arriving back into the management of the park.
Whether you enjoy this book is very much down to how much of a jolt you can get from its epigrams, most of them loitering in the 25-watt range: “the libido, like Elvis and jealousy, never dies”; “a saint is only someone who has been under-researched”; “boring people are always popular.
In an effort to stave off returning to the list, Pakistan has quietly adopted sanctions against two groups that the United States accuses of being fronts for the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, moving to seize their schools, ambulances and other assets this week.
But it took a prolonged lobbying effort by Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, to secure the president’s support for the First Step Act.
These refinements seem at least partly informed by some of the creative tweaks Ms. Rashid made behind the scenes.
Talk about an awkward silence!
But the bigger surprise is the increase in advertising on Amazon by companies, like Verizon, AT&T and the insurer Geico, that don’t directly sell any product or service on the site.
She has a home in New York too.
We’re not talking about Alex Jones here.
If you really want to see something beautiful, witness the overhaul in Birmingham.
This is not an outcome the United States should welcome.
From a neighborhood perspective, it makes a lot of sense to get that conversion going.” In Washington, some owners have sought to upgrade older buildings to Class A by “re-skinning” the facades, giving them a more modern look and reducing energy costs.
We ate nice.” One night, after a long bout of drinking, Mr. Rechnitz found himself in Mr. Seabrook’s room at their luxury villa.
This led established car companies to create ecosystems of technology partners around them, just as computer companies did with the cloud, the internet of things, data analytics and cybersecurity.
Many jurisdictions require a permit for a pool, as well as a childproof fence around it with self-locking gates.
And here’s our full schedule of summer 2018 movie releases .
In all of the drawings of leaders people believed that strong leaders were good listeners, decisive, caring, and well educated.
Written by the Spierigs and Tom Vaughan, the script is as batty and clichéd as its heroine.
He tinkered with the microphones until the last possible moment, when the Met opened its doors to its black-tie audience.
Gilead allows manufacturers there to license its drugs, and the price of treatment is just $80 per patient.
Amanda Danielle Braun and Elizabeth Anne Shirey were married June 16.
Although I am not exactly sure why.
So no F between Manhattan and Brooklyn.
BIESENBACH In Puerto Rico, social practice was very important for the last 10 years [because] Puerto Rico was undergoing a crisis already.
Colonial Williamsburg does not impress her.
“As a bloke, I’d like shaving cream exempt, but I’m not expecting it to be,” Mr. Wooldridge, a Liberal Party member, told a reporter that January .
Two separate inquiries are underway.
The will had set aside $2 million to underwrite scholarships for the grandchildren, and it gave his costumes and other household effects to the six children he recognized, a bequest thought to be worth perhaps another $2 million.
Not sure how either of Kane’s two shots stayed out there.
At the time of the diagnosis, Mr. Trump was navigating a tumultuous period for the country after he graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
There is a provision in the federation’s bylaws for members to serve only two four-year terms, but Mr. Parilla has been there for 19 years.
But Mr. Zuckerberg’s comments suggest he still doesn’t get it: What matters is not whether internet companies “deserve” our private information but why we as consumers do not have meaningful ways to protect that data from being siphoned for sale in the first place.
The winning bid came in by phone.
Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a Republican who has been a frequent target of the right for trying to broker bipartisan agreements on immigration, said the current debate was noticeably lacking in the bitterness that had so easily whipped up against Republicans in the past.
The company has demonstrated its electric garbage trucks to City of Los Angeles sanitation officials and has a deal to sell 20 articulated buses to the operator of Los Angeles International Airport, Mr. Miller said.
But such legislation usually dies in the State Senate, where Republicans are often loath to appear soft on crime.
The bride’s mother is an adjunct English instructor at the City College of New York.
Hi again, and welcome to Five Weeknight Dishes , delicious food for busy people.
She asked you to do what ?
The five boroughs had recently been joined as one city, but the farms and villages of Brooklyn, the Bronx and Queens might as well have been on the other side of the planet from Manhattan’s teeming streets.
The 10 episodes will look at the “high-stakes post-conviction process” in the original Wisconsin cases.
Occasionally, they found work as day laborers.
While it is not known which ​inquiry​ has been referred to the Justice Department, a person familiar with the matter, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said it was most likely one examining a Montana land deal that involved an organization run by Mr. Zinke’s wife​ and a development group backed by the chairman of Halliburton, which is one of the nation’s largest companies involved in drilling for oil and gas on public lands.
Patanjali has vaulted in just over a decade from a tiny operation into an economic powerhouse, with $1.6 billion in sales in the current fiscal year.
The current administration has headed in the opposite direction on nearly every one of these fronts.
He is a French striker who catches the eye with dashing streetwear and goal celebrations that echo Drake dance moves, not to mention his chameleonic looks, which flick between “clean cut” to “dyed-blonde Justin Bieber-on-three-day-bender.” Even for viewers with a middling interest in soccer, the World Cup is a great fashion show.
There were plaintive ballads sung in the traditional sean-nós style ; there were flutes and fiddles; and, naturally, there was plenty of percussive stomping and intricate footwork.
“Most of the influencers we work with are from America.
As Europe considers how to respond to President Trump’s withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, U.S. officials warned that allies should fall in line — or else.
Manchester was a center of post-punk innovation at the turn of the 1980s, with bands like Joy Division, the Durutti Column and the Smiths.
WINNER Lloyd C. Blankfein of Goldman Sachs won Twitter in 2017 with this witty tweet during the solar eclipse: “Wish the moon wasn’t the only thing casting a shadow across the country.
The historic lows in African-American and Latino unemployment that he mentioned last night are partly a direct result of the productivity of hundreds of thousands of workers he wishes to deport.
There are a few things you can do to protect yourself from the flu , like washing your hands frequently and disinfecting shared spaces, but sometimes you will catch it despite your best efforts.
Having won the governor’s office and control of the state legislature in 2010, Republicans were able to redraw the congressional maps following the 2010 Census.
Now we just wait and see.
The agency, which closely guards every tradition associated with the royal family, also indefinitely delayed a formal royal engagement ceremony, known as Nosai no Gi, for the princess and Mr. Komuro.
For years Marriott has invested in the company’s work force through benefits and training,” particularly for hourly workers.
Just keep working.’ There was no information.” Chamacos is built on an unsettling premise: What happens to children of pregnant mothers certain to have pesticides in their bloodstreams?
This is an amazing document because you can see how the conductor and composer collaborate in the rehearsal as they prepare a new work for performance.
Republicans are “painting Democrats as the ones pursuing an extreme immigration agenda that would fill the country with sanctuary cities’ where violent criminals roam free,” my news side colleague Julie Hirschfeld Davis wrote in The Times on Oct. 14: Democrats have found that in politically competitive states, particularly ones that Mr. Trump carried in 2016, the attacks can easily turn crucial voting blocs against Democrats.
• Marcelo Claure , the C.E.O.
Mickelson finished in a six-way tie for fourth in 1995, four strokes behind the winner, Corey Pavin.
‘We’re going to the Four Seasons.’” The Maioglios were hospitable to the core.
It is still trying to figure out how it will manage the federation’s other responsibilities, like overseeing local gyms, certifying coaches and managing its legal liabilities in litigation stemming from the sexual abuse scandal.
“Given the pressing need to undertake these essential safety works and the potential costs to leaseholders, we and others in the property industry welcome any clarity the government can provide on what support will be made available,” FirstPort Property Services, which manages Citiscape, said in a statement on Thursday.
Though Stitch Fix priced its shares below the expected range, the stock is trading above its offering price, and the company is now valued at nearly $2 billion.
Did you have concerns about how viewers might perceive you?
About 1.1 million people died there.
People perceive the Pentagon as this monolithic place with faceless bureaucrats.
“You’ve probably noticed the architecture,” Mr. de Jong said.
Because when I watch them play, it’s a totally different game than when they play me.
“When the U.S. and Russia work together, they can accomplish things no two other countries can.
Gymnastics received the original reports of abuse, officials didn’t take them seriously enough.
Since the raid, there has been debate from both sides over which of those records can be used in the government inquiry and what information is protected by attorney-client privilege.
Kathy Hochul — a Democrat and potentially a decisive vote in the divided Senate — and Democrats eventually relented.
Mrs. Rosborough, 30, is the communications director for the Senate Committee on Finance, Majority Staff in Washington.
“We need the numbers to go down faster than they are,” Mayor Catherine Pugh, who has been in office for a year, said at a news conference announcing the change.
Continue to Calle San Luis, a long, narrow street anchored by the neo-baroque and relatively recent (1941) Basílica de la Macarena.
You don’t have to actually listen.
More significantly, he has increased the number of women writers in the TLS.
We just sort of ignored it, but it is a reality.
A second defense is based on the materiality of the statements, arguing that even if the statements were misleading, investors did not rely on them in deciding to invest.
He noted that every insect species has its own version of both the doublesex gene and the gene’s highly conserved region, so a gene drive aimed at one species wouldn’t work in any other.
At least, not for me.
“Civil prosecutors have one less tool in their enforcement toolbox,” said Emily S. Theriault, a Washington lawyer who represents military contractors.
My husband is a foodie, and we let loose on the weekends.
Do you find yourself surprised by the questions you ask?
— TK, Canada As a Canadian whose career has been tied to the automotive industry for years, the future of Nafta has always been top of mind.
“I feel that I owe my own success to my belief in myself,” she told Turning Points, “and have found that confidence can be learned and developed.
He outruns three defenders, and for a second he is free on goal, but he whiffs and the keeper arrives to shut the move down.
His cars and furniture stayed in Los Angeles.
(Think: stone and driftwood necklaces, embroidered clutches, and computer-chip earrings.)
So far, they have spent more than $22,000 of their own savings on the campaign.
“I think times have changed,” said Louis D. Greenwald, a Democrat and majority leader of the State Assembly.
“It makes national security agencies vulnerable to the selective granting and removal of security clearances, which is something that happens more in a banana republic than the United States of America.” Aitan Goelman, the lawyer for the former F.B.I.
In the meantime, it makes some money from overdraft and A.T.M.
There are books that enter your life before their time; you can acknowledge their beauty and excellence, and yet walk away unchanged.
Mr. Rouda grew up in Ohio, where his father created a real-estate brokerage that he eventually took over.
If something like “The World’s Best” does well, it can be sold all over the world.
One example is fast-growing Travis County, Tex., which contains the left-leaning city of Austin.
The Trump administration may be signaling an unusually tough position to gain leverage ahead of the first official meeting in Vienna of the remaining signatories to the Iran nuclear deal since President Trump announced in May that he was leaving the accord .
“Moreover,” he continued, “it will be a war with serious ramifications for our long-term readiness capabilities for homeland security and for managing other crises.” A steadfast liberal on most issues, he was known as a champion of federal workers, complaining that his Senate colleagues too often denigrated them and cheerfully froze their pay.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment.
!’ I got kind of uncomfortable with it.
But now they are using his work.
What it means, who’s involved and how it might play out.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment.
The word “stir” is a synonym for jail, and the answer is PRISON RIOT.
Separately, Huawei is also under investigation in Washington over whether it violated American trade sanctions against Iran and other countries.
“They’re going to have to pick a place to make a stand, and they haven’t,” Mr. Holtz-Eakin said.
Studies of the effect of peer-to-peer health care in a variety of other areas , many of them randomized controlled trials, show the same.
During the election campaign, Mr. Khan vowed to end corruption and official malfeasance.
[ The New York Times ] • The organization behind the Oscars announced that it would introduce a “popular film” category at the Academy Awards and shorten its broadcast in an attempt to win back viewers.
Which led me to another eureka moment: Many adult Americans would do well to meander into the children’s section of their local bookstore and take a look at books on bad behavior, to reacquaint themselves with the full emotional spectrum of being a person — for their sake and for others’.
“In the 1990s, less than 1 percent of the national standards for science education was related to climate change.
The Ara Guler Museum, dedicated to his work, opened with fanfare in Istanbul on Aug. 16, his 90th birthday.
Established avant-garde luminaries like Archie Shepp, Cooper-Moore and Dave Burrell (this year’s lifetime achievement award recipient) share the bill with younger artists like Ambrose Akinmusire and Mary Halvorson.
Scott Start with “ Deadwood ” or “ Peaky Blinders ,” shows that are in English but are a lot easier to understand if you watch with the subtitles on.
That one’s on me.” It was a game of missed opportunities, and one that cried out for a bat as dangerous as Judge’s.
and hepatitis C drugs, and many of the executives Werth trails are clearly committed to the humanitarian aspects of their work.
Tickets for “Torch Song” will go on sale to the public on March 9 at 10 a.m.
And there was his unusual relationship with the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, to whom he sang “Happy Birthday” in 2014.
Many important races are still undecided .
After more than two delay-plagued years, it began serving its first customers from its 160,000 person waiting list on Friday.
That has helped make a healthy dent in her loan bill.
“Here we have two rooms, and they don’t have doors.
“One of the last great intact forests” in the world may stay that way.
Onstage, the ballerino wore brown tights that showed the trunks of his thighs, and everything else.
“If it is hard for privileged women to come forward, we have to acknowledge how much harder it is for women who are marginalized to be believed,” she said.
Growing up in what he calls “the swamps of Florida,” Johnsey remembers watching the ballerinas in class and wanting nothing more than to dance like them.
Shortly after the rally in Huntsville’s Big Spring Park got started, Mr. Sealy, identified as a former high school teacher by the local station WAFF-TV, began marching back and forth between the crowd and a gazebo where organizers and speakers were seated.
“But you must go forward.
But officials say they believe the problem is a widespread national security concern.
research labs in the world — Google Brain in California and DeepMind in London.
I found no such letter from Mr. Mueller in the commutation files in the court record.
“The Daily” is produced by Theo Balcomb, Annie Brown, Jessica Cheung, Paige Cowett, Lynsea Garrison, Michael Simon Johnson, Andy Mills, Rachel Quester, Ike Sriskandarajah and Clare Toeniskoetter, with editing help from Larissa Anderson.
I knew I had succeeded when a friend remarked that I wasn’t really Asian, I was white, “because you’re cool.” As I skipped classes to smoke in the courtyard, read Baudelaire to seem the “interesting” kind of smart and attempted to distance myself from the stereotypes, I didn’t know that the idea I wanted to run from — of Asians as civilized, advanced and highly intelligent — had roots in white supremacy.
When I was growing up, the occasional Playboy photo or newspaper brassiere ad were enough to get me excited.
“I have forced myself to work when I least feel like it, and I have done things which did not seem bad at the time.
It did not stop him from supporting President George W. Bush in the 2004 election.
• Coming this week: Germany’s first hydrogen-powered trains roll into service and HBO will compete with streaming services for the most wins at this year’s Emmy Awards.
● Practice keeping the conversation on track .
Party unity may not help win elections, but it becomes quite valuable once the time to govern has arrived.
Written by a young vanguardist who had already garnered a reputation for lashing out against the musical establishment, the work is dense, harsh and relentlessly atonal.
Much speculation was given to how she managed to sneak into a room without a key card, known on Celebrity as a SeaPass®.
After decades of ballooning United States trade deficits under a free trade regime, maybe we should give the president a chance to experiment with his fair trade policy before questioning its — and his — wisdom.
I want to direct them.
After you have posted, try reading back to see what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting another comment.
“But he finds it irresistible, if finds any sign of strength in his administration, that he is going to seize on that and publicize it.” No president has tied his fortunes so directly to the market as has Mr. Trump.
“The implementation of the peace accords going ahead will depend on their presence and political influence in the country and this is in question.” Mr. Londoño’s campaign, while always a long shot, had gotten off a positive start.
Before Connecticut faced South Carolina on Monday, with the possibility that the Huskies could be denied a chance at a national championship for a second consecutive season, Coach Geno Auriemma joked that he would not be able to return home in defeat.
Not only are they stripped of their constitutional rights, but even labor activists do not take their needs seriously as workers.
Still, women’s Nordic combined is going somewhere.
His list included rent law reforms and other steps to protect or promote affordable housing; new sources of financing for the city’s subways and buses; education financing and extended mayoral control of schools; and changes to election laws that would make voting easier and remake the Board of Elections.
“He was in the Ritz-Carlton, but we have been told by his family members that he was moved, along with others, to another hotel,” Sheikh Amoudi’s press office said in an email responding to questions.
But the Government Accountability Office suggested that those alarms were about as effective as car alarms going off on the streets of New York: an event so common that everyone assumed it was a false alarm.
And I’m sure experts in the Trump administration will explain to the president why his view of such things is all wrong.
Even as he enjoyed success, however, many of his old insecurities remained.
The United States is by far the biggest donor to the United Nations agency.
For one, she layered mashed potatoes and cauliflower over dabs of caramelized onion.
For Ms. Packnett, the answer is both glaringly simple and incredibly difficult.
Shortly after the accident, Mr. Hussain’s son Nauman Hussain, the operator of the company, was charged with criminally negligent homicide.
“He is living off the kindness of strangers,” Jacqueline Promislo, a lawyer for Mr. Bobbitt, said in an interview.
The latest newsletter appears here.
They estimated that up to 14,000 tons of sunscreen is deposited in the world’s oceans each year.
The farmers were resting in their tents when about 40 armed men surprised them with the attack, the initial police inquiry showed.
How is Kim Jong-un preparing for his meeting with Donald Trump?
I had one beer,” said Mr. Trump, channeling his version of Dr. Blasey.
Most people found the application on social media, where they shared it with their friends.
Cindy Gillespie, the director of the Arkansas Department of Human Services, said the state was planning to activate an online portal on March 30 where those subject to the requirement will be expected to record how they’re meeting it each month.
The report detailed an extensive examination of the pilot, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, and the first officer, Fariq Abdul Hamid, including their financial status, health, tone of voice on radio communications and even their gait as they walked to work on the day the plane disappeared.
Ms. Jonas often bases her pieces on myths, rituals, poems, folk songs, and texts from around the world — a 13th-century Icelandic folk epic, a 1961 American poem about Helen of Troy.
The government has accused them of following the orders of the United States-based preacher Fethullah Gulen , who is being tried separately in absentia.
Her lowest grade was a B in theater.
The race, in a district where Republicans outnumber Democrats by 30,000 voters, was also considered a tossup.
But she trailed Mr. Rauner in fund-raising, raising $4 million to his $100 million.
“Sometimes hyperbole comes from saying the truth plainly,” Mr. Adjei-Brenyah said.
“Unfortunately, we will not be able to arrange an interview with our top management this month.” The Commerce Department’s reversal has raised new questions from Democrats, including Representative Lloyd Doggett of Texas and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who say the department should have never considered granting an exclusion to a company under sanctions in the first place.
She, by contrast, lived her part with reckless intensity.
International investigators arrived in 2015 at the invitation of the Mexican government.
The advocacy of kindness should be continuous, and not highlighted when fourteen students have lost their lives to an armed fellow student.
This year’s traditional Turkey Day Marathon of beloved “Mystery Science Theater 3000” episodes is airing a weekend early — new episodes arrive on Netflix on Thanksgiving.
Profits before taxes fell to $2.2 billion from $2.5 billion.
I’m the window through which they see all women now.
■ Caromed, on its descent, off Kearse’s left groin, then his right, as he lay supine.
On Friday, Mr. Shah echoed earlier comments by Mr. Trump criticizing Mr. Tester — and the news media — for distributing anonymous accusations about the doctor.
Physicists can only explain the discrepancy by assuming that the value of Einstein’s constant is random across all potential universes; we live in one with the right amount of dark energy to allow stars and galaxies to form.
I always thought this would be a wonderful story to tell at the Frick.” A curator is like that.
The Social Democrats support legislation that would allow Germany to admit qualified immigrants to fill thousands of openings in companies and factories.
This misguided ban should be lifted.
More from Brian Fung of the WaPo: In a recent court battle, the I.R.S.
“The radical left is on the move,” said Representative Kevin Yoder, a Kansas Republican facing a tough re-election campaign in a suburban swing district, who also appeared at the rally with Mr. Pence.
Democrats, two weeks away from taking the House majority, have refused to budge from the offers they had laid out for the president, which included up to $1.6 billion for border security, but nothing for the border wall.
Twenty years later, the Chinese government, apparently bolstered by its newfound wealth and might, seems to have reneged on these terms.
So this year, the committee will note that Purdue defeated just two other teams with winning records, and lost to Eastern Michigan, which finished 2-10 — and it may question what that says about Ohio State.
I wasn’t so young when I opened my gallery, actually.
Sadly, it wasn’t about how I’d helped his prowess in the kitchen but about my lack of it on the keyboard.
” an older woman calls out from across the street while waving.
Such is the setting for “Miles for Mary,” a priceless portrait of accumulating anger in the workplace from the Mad Ones, which opened on Monday at Playwrights Horizons.
The modest scoop impressed Walter Cronkite, the CBS anchor, enough that he made a congratulatory phone call to the recently hired Ms. Bowser, who credited the incident with elevating her profile at the network.
These people are now ready to “put aside our differences and stand together for the places we love,” as Tawney and Yvon Chouinard, the founder of Patagonia, wrote in The Denver Post.
Lincicome managed a smile for a fellow competitor — Aaron Baddeley, a four-time winner on the tour — when he stopped his warm-up to come introduce himself and wish her luck as she was heading to the range.
“But if you want to date a spoiled girl, you have to date her spoiled dog,” Ms. Hoover said.
We never agreed on what to do with that information, but neither of us thought the other was an idiot.
“Nothing Sacred,” the 1937 movie directed by William Wellman, features Lombard bamboozling Fredric March, playing a New York City journalist who naturally falls in love with her.
Although they both try to target some of the same collectors, the auction houses have welcomed other players.
For one, they’re both artists whose gay identity is neither incidental to their work nor all-consuming.
(It was only two weeks ago that I wondered how long it would take for every region in the world to deliver its own zombie movie.
Many countries in Europe permit everyone to vote, including those in prison, as the states of Maine and Vermont do .
He also boasted that he had found a particular audience for his cable news forays: Mr. Trump, he said, “calls me frequently and shares his thoughts on my television appearances.” Far less visible are Republican lawmakers such as Representative Mimi Walters of California, who is facing a difficult campaign in an Orange County district where lobbing rhetorical bombs at the F.B.I.
I would pop the kernels in oil, slather them in butter and salt, and gobble them while watching old slapstick comedies on the couch, battling husband and child for that last craggy crumb.
Check Out What Students Told Us Last winter we ran a challenge for teenagers asking them to connect anything they studied that semester with something in the news in 2017 or 2018.
Halfway there, bouncing along on the B.Q.E., I noticed that he was slumped over in the back seat.
He was the good soldier.
He is also the son of C. Robert Critcher, who lives in Shreveport, La., with Ms. Critcher, who is a professor emeritus of computer science at the Shreveport campus of Louisiana State University.
If you are working in a farming community, starched denim and a polo shirt may be more appropriate than a suit.
Of course, filmmaking is more collaborative than book-writing, and the process of working with others caused me to rethink and refine some of my own ideas.
Now, officials said, the situation was reversed: The Pentagon worries that Mr. Trump will push too swiftly to demilitarize.
It was not Lieutenant Hierl.
Bret: Well, Obama was one of a kind.
The giant alternative-investment manager named the head of its real estate business, Jon Gray, as its day-to-day manager on Tuesday, shunting Tony James into a vice chairman role.
2 Democrat, had young undocumented immigrants protected by the Obama-era program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, stand in the hearing room as he recited their impressive résumés.
“Our eyes met and that was it,” he said.
But what we don’t know is, are we in a situation where the next essential threat, is it unsustainable with respect to what we see presently?
“When you go through this over the course of 162 games, I think you use different ways to fire guys up,” Nevin said.
“If this was five years ago, the tweet would be making a very compelling point,” said Carl Davis, the research director of the left-leaning Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
Reached by phone, former Juilliard classmates still vividly recalled Mr. Chandler’s talent 50 years later.
My right knee was stiff and higher than the left — a sign, she said, that my foot had never healed properly.
He had filed them the night before against Dr. Snipes and her counterpart in Palm Beach County, Susan Bucher, over how the last ballots were being counted and reported.
Some researchers say vitamin D may never have been the miracle pill that it appeared to be.
Interviews with dozens of Lion Air’s management personnel and flight and ground crew members, as well as Indonesian investigators and airline analysts, paint a picture of a carrier so obsessed with growth that it has failed to build a proper safety culture.
“And he did it,” she said.
You can sign up here to receive the newsletter each weekday.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
Moon, complicating the South Korean’s own plan to visit Pyongyang next month for his third summit meeting with Mr. Kim, as well as his plan to open South Korea’s first liaison office in the North.
[Read: Trump Hails Revised Nafta Deal as a Trade Promise Kept ] But that is where we found ourselves last weekend.
When you’re a good listener, you learn much faster.” Tsitsipas owes his father for more than just some tennis lessons, however.
But they might be more ecstatic about the joy he’s bringing Ms. Winfrey.
In two Nevada House races, Democrats nominated Steven Horsford, a former member of Congress, and Susie Lee, a wealthy philanthropist and party donor, by resounding margins after Democratic leaders lined up behind them.
When the opportunity to work on a high-profile film series comes up, Sam reminds Carol there’s no place for her in the business.
They eat at a seafood place called Seven Deadly Fins.
If Mr. Crowley became the House Democrats’ leader, the Democrats would be led by two legislators from New York City.
He was firm in his principles and supportive as we began to seek our own ways.
Specifically, the police sergeant was said to be in good condition.
This past April, the Pentagon was even more wary of a Russian military response after Mr. Trump launched a larger strike against the Syrian chemical weapons program.
(Francois Mitterrand begged off, saying he’d get mal de mer.)
At this event, fans can get some insight into what goes on behind the scenes.
“They refuse to sit down and have a discussion,” said Dr. Aghi, whose policy group counts the head of Mastercard on its board.
“The questions are does this escalate from here, is this part of a much bigger process, and how do business confidence and financial markets respond?” said Lewis Alexander, chief U.S. economist at Nomura.
“He asked me, ‘If you had any amount of money, what would you do with it?’ ” she recalled.
In raising its minimum wage for all U.S. employees to $15 an hour, Amazon was responding to criticism over its labor practices.
He buys luxurious items for himself and his cronies while much of his population is starving.
Administration officials have said that the measures will go into effect just days after they are issued.
Park also noted baseball’s huge international appeal, particularly in Latin America and in Asia.
“We know what she wants, we know what she’s missing, we know what she needs,” said Richelieu Dennis, the chief executive of Sundial Brands, owner of Essence magazine and a Beautycon investor.
Such is the power of the Trump economy.
But I’m not sure any sane person wants to pay top dollar to recreate that feeding frenzy at a restaurant.
“You pour yourself into your work, you invest yourself 150 percent, and when you do,” Metcalf says, “you sleep well at night.”
The chimney was rebuilt by the current owners less than four years ago.
If you see a little green snake, do not be alarmed, it’s a garter snake and it’s harmless.
A day earlier, he had described details as “classified.” But the suggestion that Russian hackers might have breached voter systems, vague as it was, has set off a political maelstrom in Florida less than three weeks before the state’s Aug. 28 primary election.
I started it last year and it has become only more relevant so I need to get back to it.
That officer, Joseph McElligott, said he stayed about 15 feet behind Laquan during a slow-paced foot pursuit.
He even wants to make Election Day a state holiday.
• Have the majority of your teachers throughout your schooling shared your race, gender or another important aspect of your identity?
“We’re going to the World Economic Forum to share President Trump’s economic story and to tell the world that America is open for business,” Gary D. Cohn, who heads the White House National Economic Council, said in a briefing on Tuesday.
“We saw John Cena,” he said.
But Weis — who hit seven home runs in more than 1,500 career at-bats — didn’t let him, tying the score with a solo home run.
• A caravan of Central American migrants that trekked to the California border must now convince an immigration judge that they belong to a social group in order to gain asylum.
Then the transit agency recently announced that it was facing a budget crisis and would need additional financing to avoid major fare increases and service cuts.
That is what happened when ProPublica published these seven minutes and 47 seconds of audio.
does not sit well with many of them.
If we both clean then no one cooks.
How much should a modern, secular nation tolerate the illiberal customs of newcomers from traditional cultures?
Mr. Stern handled the administrative side while Mr. Ogden indulged his love of collecting.
The drink was refreshing, and so was the scenery.
On Monday, Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican who has been absent from the Senate while he battles brain cancer, teamed up with Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, to offer a narrow immigration bill that would protect the young undocumented immigrants, known as Dreamers, from deportation, while also seeking to strengthen border security.
Hartford is planning to send not just police officers and paramedics to the scenes of shootings but — as soon as the area is secure — therapists as well, to work with children who heard or saw the shooting.
That design has allowed Bitcoin and other virtual currencies to grow as fast as they have with no regard for international borders, attracting followers from Zimbabwe to South Korea.
This year, only two women ranked among the 20 highest paid.
They exuded a gaudy opulence — elevators, minarets, gilded gates, fountains with Greek gods.
Is Woody Allen a great filmmaker?
Many of Mr. Threatin's hundreds of Facebook friends were apparently from Brazil, and YouTube videos of his concerts never show the band and the crowds at the same time.
His second term soon became marked by his close alliance with the unions; several of the landmark accomplishments of his time in office — $15 minimum wage for all state workers, paid family leave — have been crafted with the unions’ input and support.
Pulling off Highway 141 that first afternoon, we rode down a long driveway of red dirt that led to the other side of a lush green meadow.
He received support from some Republicans on the committee, including Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who excoriated Democratic senators.
His Democratic opponent, Stacey Abrams, has been somewhat more vocal , arguing for the need to address the issue and proposing increases to green technology investment as part of her economic platform.
There were doctored photos used to stoke fear about the caravan of Latin American migrants headed toward the United States border.
In case of a medical emergency, the ICE Contact app allows emergency medical workers to access important phone numbers and medical information.
What’s puzzling about the scenarios shown in Figure 1 is that they show these disruptions going on for multiple years, with barely any abatement.
She notes that given Trump was elected with the support of about half of white female voters [ he won them 52-43 ], there is clearly a sizable proportion of Americans — both male and female — who are willing to look the other way even in the face of video-taped evidence of crude, sexist language.
As an adult, I still think Jesus seems like a swell fellow, but I feel out of step with most Christian churches.
The criticism of Mr. Macron is that too often he has consulted only with a tight circle of advisers, or relied on himself.
Dr. Hooker was on the Fordham faculty from 1963 to 1985.
Devin P. Kelley had assaulted his wife and stepson five years before he killed 26 people in Sutherland Springs, Tex., in November, according to the authorities.
More than $1 billion has been made available by officials to support agriculture.
Emily O’Neill, 9235 This morning, Puzzle 7 is solved by all competitors and the top nine solvers will then go to the big boards for the final level A, B and C rounds.
One toad species shared its natural habitat with that particular species of beetle, while the other was unlikely to encounter it in the wild.
The president lashed out at the first ruling and the judge who made it, prompting a rare rebuke from Chief Justice John Roberts.
Mr. Lu was sentenced to 13 years in jail.
I’m the youngest of three boys, both of the older two are very heterosexual football-watching, married, child-rearing, cornfed Midwestern guys.
Gérard Collomb, the French interior minister, said on the TV news channel LCI that the clearing of the area could last until the end of the week.
Even Interview magazine rarely if ever recorded a profit.
“My rock bottom was when my kids got taken from me,” Ms. Darlington said.
The criminal law is a blunt instrument for pursuing corporate misconduct, and executives are experts at keeping problems at arms-length, or at least maintaining the kind of plausible deniability that makes it difficult to prosecute them.
They were rescued by Wayne M. Collins, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, who intervened and arranged to have Mr. Shibayama’s father hired by Seabrook Farms, a frozen-vegetable packing factory in New Jersey.
Lloris’s performance for France stood in contrast to that of Muslera, who even before his mistake looked vulnerable, failing to deal with crosses into the box that on another occasion French forwards would probably have pounced on.
(Here’s the RSS feed .)
They made a delightful little debut on Sunday afternoon, singing predominantly new music by the likes of Ned Rorem and Nico Muhly.
The 2006-7 San Antonio Spurs, the last sweepers before these Warriors, shot just 44.4 percent, and are one of five sweeping teams that made fewer than half of their attempts.
Mr. Eastmond said he remembered the lunch meeting during which Fred Trump negotiated the price of 60 boilers, and later receiving checks in the mail from All County.
In the 70 years since, both groups have called their strategic alliance a “covenant of blood” and described each other as “blood brothers.” Then, in mid-July, Parliament enacted a basic law , with the weight of a constitutional amendment, declaring Israel “the nation-state of the Jewish people,” built on national self-determination “unique to the Jewish people.” It prioritizes Jewish building and downgrades Arabic from an “official” language alongside Hebrew to one with a “special status.” Most divisively for Israel’s Arab minority, which makes up 21 percent of the population of nearly nine million, it also omits any mention of democracy or equality for all citizens.
“I just grabbed it and ran out there,” he said.
Mr. Rubio is personally familiar with the pain of education loans — he revealed in 2012 that he had only recently paid off the roughly $150,000 in debt he had after graduating from law school.
I’ll hope that one version of “IT” — the pervasive, pernicious notion that thin equals happy — doesn’t hook them in, the way it hooked me, that they won’t spend their 20s on a diet.
The candidate makes the genuinely regrettable decision to bring Borat with him to knock on doors and help him sell himself.
When she died on Christmas Day in Germantown, Md., at 93, Dr. Roman was remembered as “the mother of the Hubble.” As NASA’s first chief of astronomy and the first woman in a leadership position at the space agency, Dr. Roman oversaw the early planning for the Hubble Space Telescope , which began orbiting Earth above its atmosphere in April 1990 to capture an unobstructed view of the universe.
“I didn’t allow myself to think about it that much,” he said.
Such an approach is not new: The George W. Bush administration tried it with Mr. Kim’s father, Kim Jong-il, in 2005.
Mr. Sheridan shoots his locations (in Montana and Utah) to look both timeless and contemporary, loved but unromanticized.
In Sontag’s view, camp is exemplified by the exaggerated and artificial and is important because it “neutralizes moral indignation, sponsors playfulness.” Our era is all about the exaggerated and artificial: hyper-posed selfies, hybrid identities, drag-queen reality shows.
Adam is a poet, and one of his sisters, Sara, is a scorpion biologist turned scholar of scorpion folklore who is having an affair with a Jesuit priest.
For Dr. Crossley, it’s combinations like cauliflower and fish, which he finds unappealing.
China and the United States are too closely economically intertwined via the dollar to make that a credible fear.
The order would follow a series of intensifying actions by the Trump administration to block Chinese technology that is seen as a national security threat.
We miss you, so tell us, please: Are you sad?
Preceding her appointment to the French house, the Paris native had spent 15 years working under her mentor Nicolas Ghesquière, first at Balenciaga and then at Louis Vuitton, as his right hand and protégée.
And the story is about that.
(Aides cautioned that the schedule could change.)
Still, advocates acknowledged that legislators’ whims were unpredictable, and that the political obstacles could loom far larger than the logistical ones.
The two video clips — one 50 seconds long, the other 9 seconds — were shared through Facebook’s Messenger app.
“They all tried to come back to J.F.K.
In recent years, a new brand of personal writing has flourished on the internet, of deflected memoirs: food diaries , beauty routines, 10 items a public figure “can’t live without.” These are lives told through objects, through stories of consumption.
“There’s multiple ways to get at this issue without telling everybody to go to hell.
“What can we do with 100 bucks?” Jonathan remembered thinking.
While the changes were not that surprising, Oladipo leaving the game after 62 seconds was stunning.
Bose provides three sizes, and I used the small eartips.
In 2016, for the first time since records were kept, deaths fell below 100,000.
I came for a meeting with my partner.
I did judo in grade school.
The oba has authority over all the spiritual priests in the Benin kingdom (not to be confused with the West African country of Benin).
He’s a serious presence though: The savior who will show up when morality as we know it has been all but extinguished.
“It’s escapism for what’s going on, one hour of feeling good,” she said.
Mr. Green had to shut down one woman, a repeat visitor, who started telling an extreme (and, he thinks, fictional) story about sexual abuse by her father.
This goes for the GUINNESS BOOK of the century!
How will tomorrow’s artists bring our attention to these wrongs, as Mr. Haacke and Ms. Holzer have done, and can museums do anything to keep them from drowning in a morass of alternative facts?
I don’t miss the training, though, six days a week.” For Mr. Smart, the new gym will provide not just a new office closer to home, but a new workout space for him and his friends in his neighborhood, who don’t have many options to choose from.
People who would still be alive today if our government would pay attention and DO SOMETHING about it.
This is an advantage of hiking, of walking away more generally: It can create what Nietzsche called the “pathos of distance.” This sense of being higher, of looking down, gives rise to the “craving for ever new widening of distances within the soul itself … the development of ever higher, rarer, more remote, further stretching, more comprehensive states.” This impulse to strive was at the core of Nietzsche’s perfectionism.
Andrew Das: Martin Braithwaite is proving to be quite a handful for France on the right.
#SOTU Trump mentions the gunning down of Congressional baseball players.
But the following year, in a speech that was emailed to employees, he acknowledged that many workers did not pay attention to internal rules and controls — perhaps, he said, because Huawei used to evaluate staff solely according to how much business they won.
FIFA has closed a doping investigation into all of the Russian soccer players expected to compete in the World Cup next month after finding “insufficient evidence” of wrongdoing.
I was uncomfortable, but it wasn’t because those around me were being judgmental.
— Stu Nicholson , Columbus, Ohio At 16, my father ran away to join the United States Army.
Cox continued to impress him.
Shouldn’t we have a higher bar for men’s emotional intelligence?
They were so tautly fitted that they telegraphed her character’s coiled sexual longings; and yet so variously patterned that each change of dress acts to signal a shift in the movie’s emotional weather.
That was when Reynold Levy, then president of Lincoln Center, met him and was impressed by his leadership skills.
She was a pretty reckless driver.” In 1978, Ms. O’Neil wrecked a rocket-fueled Corvette funny car while trying to set a quarter-mile speed record on a dry lake in the Mojave Desert, in El Mirage, Calif. She had pushed the car past 350 m.p.h.
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C.
In 2003, researchers digging in a mountain cave on the Indonesian island of Flores discovered astonishing fossils of a tiny, humanlike individual with a small, chimp-sized brain.
The White House said the call, made five days after the U.S. imposed new sanctions on Russia, had focused on “shared interests.” They did not include election meddling or the poisoning of a former Russian spy in Britain.
The circumstance often put women at a significant disadvantage.
I’ve been doing it since 1962.
Mr. Bocuse, a tireless self-promoter, was a constant presence in the news media and on television.
[ The New York Times ] Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
• If you’re not completely enthusiastic about a new opportunity, just say no .
Two of our reporters chatted about the presentation.
She also caricatured her Marvel co-workers in drawings that were not intended for publication.
11D: Mr. Charlson has surely not approached the age where, in one’s wildest waking dreams, to “Go out, but not for long” could also mean to TAKE A NAP.
“This is a much more rooted, established population than it was in 2007,” Ms. Cohn said.
There is no minimum age to drive one and seatbelts are not required.
He needed to get out of his own head.
“For the first time in history women are leaving at greater rates than men,” said Ms. Rose-Milavec.
How lucky for me to have found such a collaborator.
“So Alex comes by to throw something in the garbage can, and there’s a thousand dollars!” They laughed heartily.
Finally, after describing the photograph and inscription, I concluded, “And I think this little girl ... is you.” “Yes,” the woman said, “it is.” Ms. Johnson was taken aback by my call.
Yet to carry out the kinds of transformations he envisions, like the expropriation of fossil fuel assets, would require a very powerful government, even though he himself argues that moneyed interests have captured the state.
Close looking is precisely what this exquisite show encourages.
At the Relais, he summed up his hauteur as a host this way: “If you don’t like my style, there will be no check.
A visit to Murnane’s room made me think of the one-way intimacy that occurs between reader and writer — that feeling, after finishing a poem or novel, of having temporarily inhabited a consciousness not your own.
Democrats here showed no sign of backing down.
One does not leave jet travel, squeezed into 41A next to a sweaty man in cargo shorts, all that inspired with this land of ours either.
The district court held for Congress, but the appeal was still pending when the 110th Congress, the legal entity bringing suit, expired in January 2009.
I’ve talked to my partner about my struggles and she reassures me, but soon I’m back in my self-destructive spiral.
We are selling around £300 million of gilts every day — therefore the capital market is working very efficiently,” the report said.
Although she believes that Mr. Manafort was targeted because Mr. Mueller’s team hopes he is a steppingstone to Mr. Trump, she said, he was convicted because of “overwhelming” evidence.
The gray, crenelated clumps look little like mountains, and more like elephants on fire.
Support in for the bloc’s common currency is among the lowest in Europe, and there is a lingering nostalgia for the lira, which some parties, including Forza Italia, have considered reintroducing.
YouTube had removed all of her channels by Tuesday night.
The people who make the movies also run or finance “campaigns.” There is opposition research, and, in the form of other award shows, primaries, so to speak.
Should Women Be Allowed to Fight on the Front Lines Alongside Men?
They tested fossilized eggshells from 14 different dinosaurs and also ancient and modern birds .
Thousands of pounds of plastic garbage wash up here annually and so-called ghost nets — abandoned nylon fishing trawls — entangle and kill endangered animals including sea turtles, dugongs and sharks.
Previously, everyone with the parasites found in a blood test also had to undergo a spinal tap to see if the parasites had reached their brains.
Under the proposal, those civil servants — considered by many conservatives and employers to be biased toward labor — would answer to a small cadre of officials installed above them in the National Labor Relations Board’s hierarchy.
The news site, the presentation said, is expected to bring in more than $35 million this year and will start a paid subscription model.
She said the newest allegations confirmed her view that he is not the right person to lead the agency.
_____ • “Which Trump will show up?” NATO countries fear that a summit meeting next month, set to focus on containing a new Russian threat, will be damaged by divisive behavior from President Trump before his potential meeting with President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
More than 40 million cases and 3,000 deaths are estimated to result from food poisoning in this country each year.
Criticism of Saudi Arabia and its partners has been growing over thousands of civilian casualties, many of them caused by munitions fired from the coalition’s warplanes.
In unincorporated areas in Westbury’s ZIP code, 11590, about 400 luxury rental apartments and an age-restricted, 700-unit condominium, Meadowbrook Pointe, are attracting those who like the suburban hustle and bustle of the big-box stores and chain restaurants (Costco, Bed Bath & Beyond and the Cheesecake Factory), the nearby Roosevelt Field mall on Old Country Road, and the access to parkways.
So unless Robert Mueller has more goods than I expect, we are going to live for the next few years in the way that America lived during the waning days of Nixon, the end of the Wilson administration, and perhaps at other moments known only to presidential inner circles — with our own equivalent of the petticoat government, which in this case includes military uniforms, dress suits and whatever outfits Ivanka and Kellyanne Conway favor (but not, any longer, the layering of collared shirts perfected by Steve Bannon).
Since President Trump’s inauguration, White House staffers and cabinet officials have left in firings and resignations, one after the other.
“What she’s looking at now are these building blocks of college that define what an institution means,” said Amy Laitinen, a former Obama administration staff member who is now the director of higher education at New America, a research group that has analyzed Ms. DeVos’s agenda .
Another cider, Gold Label, is gently sweet but well-balanced and refreshing.
[ Like the Science Times page on Facebook.
Her first meeting drew 100 women.
But because young Singaporeans have not embraced hawker culture as a vocation to the same extent as their parents, the nomination could be a much-needed way for the government to raise the cuisine’s profile.
In January, Amazon, JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway announced plans to team up to address spiraling health care costs.
• A group of nuns have found themselves in the middle of a dispute over a proposed affordable housing development next to their convent.
“That’s the extent of what we can do.” Mr. Peskin, the San Francisco supervisor, called the bill “terrible public policy” that would risk safety.
As a seasoned photographer with experience in photojournalism, sports and more, Ms. Lyttle had to see these California bullrings herself.
That Mango go hard.” (Other flavor options include Cool Mint, Fruit Medley and Creme Brulee.)
A fan of the Russian leader Vladimir V. Putin and a guest on Russia Today, he doubts the evidence that Moscow’s operatives poisoned a former Soviet spy because it is “too obvious.” Mr. Foa is also now the Italian government’s most influential media figure.
Center, whose findings were checked by researchers at the Mayo Clinic.
“Enterprise” never found its footing.
Some have complained that it excludes too many people , including those convicted of violent crimes, and criticized compromises like one that limited a “safety valve” that would give judges more discretion.
No Kazakhstan, no Pakistan, no Mongolia, no Saudi Arabia and no Egypt.” None of this is surprising given South Korea’s education system.
“It’s interesting what this game of golf can do, how we can basically last for so many generations,” Woods, a 14-time major winner, said, adding, “It’s pretty neat.” Woods, 42, invariably was hitting longer clubs into the greens than either McIlroy or Thomas, but as dialed in as he was with his irons, it was hardly a disadvantage.
But none of that seemed to matter.
They have organized a mentorship system for the residents, who are trying to make a go of it in the food business.
Rachel Faye Margolin is to be married May 27 to Joshua Eliahu Arbit in Southfield, Mich.
The movie has no title without him — no leisurely bike rides and no sex, either.
“By creating an irreversible reality, they will then seek to change legislation.” From the air, those facts on the ground look like bright orange gashes carved in the banks of lazy, zigzagging rivers that meander through the jungle.
In a Slate interview with Isaac Chotiner, the writer Katie Roiphe, who has expressed skepticism about what she sees as the rush to judgment of #MeToo, described being pilloried in response.
Tech companies are antsy about the government’s more interventionist attitude toward big business.
In late May, at a dinner party at the American ambassador’s residence there, General Waldhauser was grilled by the attendees on the Trump administration’s lack of a coherent Libya policy.
It comes out of his skin, his eyes, his hair.
Ms. Claude stood by the front door of the Woodbridge store two weeks ago, greeting customers.
Late-night comedy: Jimmy Fallon checked in on President Trump : “It’s been a busy 24 hours for the president.
Many teachers fear that allowing guns in schools will burden them with responsibilities that fall outside their role while needlessly exposing students and staff members to danger.
The bloodshed is reported to have widened a rift between Italy and France.
Driving to the state capital in their Pontiac Montana minivan, they did not realize how long the storm would stick around.
After racing for Ferrari from 2010 to 2014, he rejoined McLaren for 2015 in a bid to revive the team’s fortunes, but the last four years have been frustrating because he had to retire from about 30 percent of his races over mechanical problems, draining his enthusiasm.
All it would take is a majority of Knesset members to vote for another of their colleagues and Mr. Netanyahu would have to leave office.
The shooting in Parkland, Fla., has reignited debates about legal priorities in America.
A young woman seeks comfort after a breakup in “Lover for a Day.” And the true crime documentary “Operation Odessa” arrives on Showtime.
Compressed into one urban site, the layers of Istanbul’s pagan, Christian and Islamic pasts present endless narrative possibilities that historians can form into sweeping, commercially enticing sagas.
In May, the High Street in Windsor was packed with royal wedding memorabilia and ecstatic fans of Ms. Markle and Prince Harry, many of them waving American flags.
Such are the goings-on in Trish Harnetiaux‘s comedy “Tin Cat Shoes,” which kicks off Clubbed Thumb’s Summerworks festival, an annual three-course feast of fresh new plays at the Wild Project in the East Village.
Head to the Ides on the roof of the nearby Wythe Hotel for Christina Lecki’s new beef-and-pork hot dogs, poached in beer and stuffed in potato rolls, or try the the beautiful, unfussy dining room of Reynard downstairs, where you can often get away with walking in without a reservation.
• The Chinese government has taken over Anbang , the troubled conglomerate that owns New York’s Waldorf-Astoria hotel, above, and financial firms in Europe.
Especially in a match of this importance.
I believe that if we want to understand gender, men must make a contribution.
Reached by phone on Wednesday, Mr.
We had bought a package that included snorkeling gear, bike rentals and a big floatie ring for our daughter.
( NYT ) • Saudi Aramco has reportedly scrapped plans to issue up to $40 billion in bonds to fund a takeover of the chemical producer Sabic, making an I.P.O.
In the letter to Dr. Freire, Andrés Peñate, global vice president for regulatory and public policy for AB InBev, said the company agreed to fund the 10-year randomized controlled trial “because we believed it would yield valuable, science-based insights into the health effects of moderate drinking.” He emphasized the company had no role in the design or execution of the research and said “stringent firewalls were put in place” to “safeguard the objectivity and independence of the science.” “Unfortunately, recent questions raised around the study could undermine its lasting credibility, which is why we have decided to end our funding,” the letter concluded.
37D: This is just one of those names you know or you don’t, I think, and the Suez Canal was never one of my most fascinating topics.
Is it time for a third party where moderates from either party can reclaim common sense?
John Bolton, the president’s national security adviser, also made his way in.
At a news conference Tuesday announcing the findings of the Arctic report, Tim Gallaudet, a retired Navy admiral who is the acting NOAA administrator, was asked if he or any other senior NOAA officials had ever briefed Mr. Trump on climate change or the changes in the Arctic.
When news of the deal leaked out internally, Ms. Greene spoke at the weekly companywide T.G.I.F.
• Looking ahead : Here’s what we learned from the debate between Gavin Newsom and John Cox, candidates for governor of California.
Researchers found that a typical smoker “readily engages in conversation with strangers, discussing freely his pleasant reactions to the drug and philosophizing on subjects pertaining to life in a manner which, at times, appears to be out of keeping with his intellectual level.” • By 1950, cannabis plants grew as tall as Christmas trees in vacant lots and underpasses in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens.
Theories began to circulate about Solange being pushed into the spotlight too early, a product of the Knowles pop machine.
Christmas break was especially stressful because, with school closed, there was more time for vandalism.
But even where law enforcement officers do not cooperate with ICE, the tools left at ICE’s disposal to locate unauthorized immigrants have negative consequences of their own.
“Senate Republicans promised that ‘anyone who comes forward as Dr. Ford has deserves to be heard,’” Senate Democrats said in a statement.
“He’ll ask everyone their opinion, from the guys parking the car to the sommelier.” On Saturday, Mr. Trump, in a gray sweater and white U.S.A. hat, chatted with the so-called bridge people by the pool, posing for pictures and complimenting the beauty of the people who came and their Trump paraphernalia.
« Ils aspirent à vivre dans un quartier où ils peuvent aller au parc sans être dérangé par de jeunes musulmans ».
“There’s plenty to go around.” I handed him my trowel.
But many adolescents had never received treatment .
“I have a 13-year-old daughter and a 1-year-old son.” Zhang Hui, a Qixing electrician, criticized Mr. Trump’s tariffs.
When the first “Jurassic Park” movie ( based on a novel by Michael Crichton ) opened in 1993, it was both a parable and an example of extravagant human ambition.
It is impressive in scope, but the protected area still allows fishing in the coastal waters that are the habitat of unique species requiring the most protection.
After donating mostly to Democratic candidates since 2008, Mr. Pichai, who is one of the highest-paid executives in Silicon Valley, adopted a more bipartisan approach to his donations.
Until further notice it should just be expected that Mahomes will run up the score, and then Kansas City’s defense will do its best to make things interesting.
One book at a time, at night, usually on my Kindle — I love physical books, but as someone who travels a lot, I’m grateful to have my entire library with me at all times.
Besides fame and success, what do all of these people have in common?
UNCOMMON TYPE: Some Stories , by Tom Hanks.
In Copenhagen, Smilla Jasperson sets out to find who killed a neighbor’s child, starting at the local medical examiner’s office and ending weeks later, on a ship navigating the ice floes of Greenland.
In a study published this week in the science journal Nature Communications, paleontologists said they had discovered the earliest diplodocoid yet, and the only one to be unearthed in East Asia.
“What I’m going to ask is that he go through a vetting process similar to taking over the Environmental Protection Agency.
When an Asiana Airlines flight crashed at SFO , I spent the day camped out at San Francisco General Hospital — not yet named for Mark Zuckerberg.
On Thursday, a team of scientists revealed that two pieces of Neanderthal DNA may have another effect: They may change the shape of our brains .
Now, he said, he often sees as many as three.
The entire Republican Party owes Majority Leader McConnell and Steven Law, the president of the super PAC American Crossroads, a big debt of gratitude for taking him out.
Ausubel seems to trust metaphor as much as reality.
“The Argument” is produced by Alex Laughlin and Ryan Kailath for Transmitter Media.
And as far as we can tell, there is not a single elected Republican willing to take that risk, no matter what Trump does.
You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.
They are dog-eared, annotated and often inscribed.
She may say, “I see,” and eliminate the cable charge from your rent.
The ruling did not apply to Apple’s three newest iPhones, the XS, XS Max and XR.
Days before her first significant solo art show in Lahore, she became ill. Sher-Gil died on Dec. 5, 1941.
When companies pulled their commercials from “The Ingraham Angle” after its host poked fun at David Hogg, a student survivor of the mass shooting in Parkland, Fla., the show’s ratings went up.
He was among the first F.B.I.
They’re not terribly clever, or subtle, but they’re striking.
Then Darrah Carr Dance will perform a piece inspired by endangered wildlife, and families can watch short films with animal themes.
I meant it then, I meant it now,” Clinton said.
It gathers together some 120 sculptures, dolls, artist’s dummies, effigies, crucifixes and automatons.
But in the meantime, it is not the kind of idea that will cause a civil war inside the Democratic caucus.
You either fund companies or you don’t, and you have to accept that sometimes they don’t do so well.” English National Opera is now out of special measures, but its Arts Council subsidy is frozen at £12.38 million ($16.8 million) until 2022.
That bill enshrined “safe, clean, affordable and accessible water adequate for human consumption, cooking and sanitary purposes” as a basic human right.
It’s the tiny flaws, and the sense of a human hand, that give them depth.
“It’s a climate policy based on U.S. national interest that the Bush team started and the Obama team kept,” Mr. Banks said.
It has to sustain that, because that’s what the constitutional monarchy is all about.
Mr. Khashoggi applauded those moves, but chafed at the authoritarian way the prince wielded power.
And when I walk through the doors, I am always greeted with: “Hey, Jerry.
Intentionally Blank lace-up patent leather boots, $249 at needsupply.com ; Anthropologie printed velvet ankle boots, $148 at anthropologie.com .
For the cover of our spring Design issue, T’s design and interiors director Tom Delavan transported us to Schloss Hollenegg, in the east Austrian hills.
Ms. Wojcicki said in January that YouTube was looking to hire an even bigger team of monitors to look more closely at the platform’s content and decide what should belong.
When the United States got bogged down in the Vietnam War in the late 1960s, Washington reduced its defense commitment to South Korea and asked the Japanese government to fill the gap.
We’re investing our time and effort and someone is stealing it and making it their own.”
Ms. Tener said her virtual assistant had mastered “a very complicated and often consuming customer-relationship management platform” to help her marketing efforts.
Mr. Rosenfeld said he had no idea of the maker or whether Mr. Zuckerberg was getting outside advice.
And a group of young plaintiffs is suing the United States government , demanding that it do more to fight climate change.
He refused, declining to take calls from the captured president of the Supreme Court and rejecting offers to negotiate with the guerrillas.
Artists today are working with all kinds of materials: performance, sculpture, video.
This also cuts down on the stress of not being able to find allergy-safe food to eat.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.
At high concentrations, the bloom can color the water with a brown or red hue.
“They decided to just start taking down stuff unilaterally.”
Through perseverance and a little help, he got his health back in order.
Since his nurse turned off her phone at 5, I called the hospice switchboard.
“It is hard to read these sentences without agitation and tears,” wrote Goodman, a self-described anarchist, “for they are simply true and simply patriotic.” The final word, so unexpected, implicitly reclaimed from scoundrel politicians like Senator Joseph McCarthy and the House Un-American Activities Committee, moved my callow soul.
Add in investments in technology and infrastructure that supports alternative energy, and a Green New Deal that dramatically reduces emissions seems entirely practical, even without carbon taxes.
The Wolfsburg system has defeated outsiders in the past.
I’ll hit you so hard your ancestors will die.” Mr. Ellison’s best-known work includes “A Boy and His Dog” (1969), a novella set in a postapocalyptic wasteland of the United States, which was made into a 1975 movie; “I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream” (1967), a short story about a computer that tortures the last five humans on earth; “The City on the Edge of Forever,” a beloved back-in-time episode of the “Star Trek” television series in 1967; and “ ‘Repent, Harlequin!’ Said the Ticktockman” (1965), about a futuristic society in which time is regimented by a fearsome figure called the Ticktockman.
_____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
Ms. Rudd had resisted pressure to quit, but the onslaught intensified last week after she told a parliamentary committee that there were no targets for deporting illegal immigrants.
So when an appeals court freed Mr. Lee, 49, on Monday by reducing his prison term to two and a half years and then suspending it, the scene was dishearteningly familiar for many.
And my parents taught me from Day 1 to work twice as hard.” But some voters worry that Republicans will use the carpetbagger moniker to undermine a few of the candidates, including Mr. Delgado, should he win the primary.
“This is about the evolution of a brand and what it means not just to redefine itself and grow, but also to liberate itself and have this ability to not only continue on, but to be more successful than it ever was.” Glamour’s final regularly published print issue, the January issue, is scheduled to reach newsstands next Tuesday.
To assess how labs are doing with these mixtures, the institute’s researchers have conducted several national studies over the past two decades.
But Mr. Systrom and Mr. Krieger had remained hands-on managers, so their exit is more than a symbolic change.
A version of the work was published on Lens this year.
Mr. Brown just signed his final budget, which projects a $6.1 billion surplus, money that Republicans are arguing should be used for road repairs, eliminating the need for a gas tax that forces Californians to pay more at the pump.
Under Mr. Walker, Republican leaders went on to cut taxes, approve a voter ID rule, expand school vouchers, make Wisconsin a right-to-work state and allow concealed weapons.
Therefore, having it be free and have a business model that is ad-supported ends up being really important and aligned.
The Six-Party Talks eventually collapsed in 2009, largely over the question of allowing international inspectors into North Korean sites.
The company, whose facilities received citations for substandard care from Texas health care regulators, did not respond to a message requesting comment.
To put that in context, the extra pollution in 2035 alone would be more than the current annual emissions from countries like Austria, Bangladesh or Greece, the Rhodium Group analysis found.
Here are more details , and here’s Mr. Mattis’s full letter of resignation .
As for the huge investments in self-driving technologies, their profit potential is even less certain.
“If we can get traffic on the bases, we’re always one swing away with our guys.” For five and two-thirds innings, the Yankees could get no traffic against Gibson, who struck out 10 batters, a career high, and stifled them with a sinking fastball that ran in on the hands of right-handed hitters.
On the other end of the spectrum, air-conditioners sold in Japan and the European Union tend to be 25 percent more efficient than units sold in the United States and China.
What we don’t need to do is expand a broken system.” — Campaign position paper .
Rodriguez’s dismissal comes amid a wave of sexual assault and harassment allegations that exploded in the aftermath of The New York Times’s investigation into the Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
The first game was not going well for him.
Seattle led by as many as 27 in the third quarter and by 26 early in the fourth quarter.
Voltron Thunderstorm from Wilmington, N.C., thinks neither a march nor a “walk-up” will help much: Ryan Petty is right.
He laid the foundation of his empire in the “aluminum wars” of the 1990s, a vicious struggle for control of natural resources in which he emerged triumphant, becoming the undisputed king of aluminum production in Russia.
Mr. Trump won the presidency partly by tapping into voters’ concerns about the impact of globalization on jobs and wages, particularly in the industrial Midwest.
Sales of iPhones have stalled in recent years.
He assured relatives that the government would not abandon them.
Even with the United States’ diminished direct combat role since 2015, American airstrikes and operations by American special forces pose the gravest danger to the Taliban.
I know what it feels like to go off sex, and I know what it’s like to want more than my partner.
That notion has hardly ever seemed more fanciful,” writes Heard on the Street’s Charley Grant.
The 2017 Republican tax cuts have been a dud on the campaign trail ahead of the November midterm elections, so President Trump has come up with a new plan: more tax cuts.
This well-done survey begins with the American Regionalist’s little-known efforts as an Arts and Crafts designer and touches just about every base.
That choice could rattle the Chinese, who have cozied up to Mr. Mnuchin , viewing him as more moderate.
“Shakespeare in the Park represents everything that is great about culture in New York,” said Alicia Glen, a deputy mayor.
But he’s averaging 2.22 putts per hole.
I saw a lot of worry, too, mostly about who will take care of us when we’re old.
I am only 10 and I want to live.”
From 2012 to 2017, the median sales price in the area rose to roughly $453,000, up 22 percent, according to StreetEasy.
In the Bati Kot district of Nangarhar Province, Afghan officials said Taliban fighters had opened fire on a civilian vehicle, killing seven members of the same family, three men and four women.
“Time’s not necessarily on our side,” she said.
Government regulators unable to keep up with the rise of so-called cryptocurrencies.
One study showed each dollar invested resulted in at least $5 in savings from reduced crime.
The investment gives SoftBank a 19.6 percent stake in G.M.
In these types of cases, the reward is our grade which is a form of short term incentives that don’t have a lasting impression.
Maybe it’ll just be My Thing!
“It doesn’t matter if you are intelligent, if people think you’re intelligent you’ll be treated with certain reverence because of it.
Tom Hollander was brilliant in the lead role of Henry Carr.
Let’s take a closer look.
( Reuters ) • Nelson Peltz’s Trian Fund Management disclosed a $700 million stake in the paint maker PPG Industries.
In Williamsburg, they were encouraged.
Their paddy fields turned salty, they told me, and their houses fell down.
The entire “Akari Unfolded” collection, with contributions by seven international designers, will be displayed at the museum through April 2019. ymeretmalta.com/en.
By contrast, Mrs. Bush was regarded as unpretentious, a woman who could wear fake pearls, enjoy takeout tacos, walk the dog in her bathrobe and make fun of herself.
On Tuesday night, a fake quote critical of Mr. Trump and attributed to the company’s chief executive, Matthew Levatich, began circulating on Twitter.
I’ve been gray for a couple days, and it’s remarkable how well it has eased my twitchy phone checking, suggesting that one way to break phone attachment may be to, essentially, make my phone a little worse.
We have set an almost impossibly high bar for Trumpian failure.
As a result, his vote is largely shielded from the political pressures faced by his peers.
As usual, it’s thick with evidence.
In late 2015, when China eased its decades-long policy limiting most couples to having only one child, some heralded the change as a move toward greater reproductive freedom.
His scorecard includes a 9 percent from the League of Conservation Voters and an A from the National Rifle Association.
“I said, ‘Glen, it would be a great honor.’” Ratelle, now 77, played parts of 16 seasons for the Rangers before a stunning trade on Nov. 7, 1975, when he and defensemen Brad Park and Joe Zanussi were sent to the Boston Bruins for Phil Esposito and Carol Vadnais.
A new analysis prepared for The New York Times found that the Supreme Court under Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. has been far more likely to embrace free-speech arguments concerning conservative speech than liberal speech.
I sent it to Martin Gardner and he autographed it for me.
He is a son of Mary Alette Davis and Bob Davis of Minneapolis.
Neither chamber is expected to reconvene until Thursday, with House lawmakers looking to the Senate Democrats and Mr. Trump to reach a compromise over border security funding.
“I’ve just been around for so long, seeing so many people that are having their big moments that are so quickly not a big moment at all,” she said.
Billy Cannon, a charismatic college and pro football hero whose world came crashing down when he went to prison for counterfeiting, died on Friday at his home in St. Francisville, La.
“His parents were sent to prison.” Other examples of children locked away from society by parents do occasionally emerge.
The meeting was not on his official calendar, but Mr. Cuomo reported that the flight was for state business.
Kyla Burke-Lazarus and Christopher Richard Peck were married Sept. 1 at Maison May, an event space in Brooklyn.
His co-pilot, Tom Travis, agreed.
The intellectuals Wolfe admires made a case for the appreciation of subtlety, ambiguity, intellectual curiosity and tolerance of divergent views — all qualities that are abundant in the world of thought but have never been cherished by the broader electorate.
“I really see Young’s heart behind why she’s running.” “I hope she gives the courage to other women to run for office,” Eunice Kang said.
Achieving that will take more than a decade, Xi has said.
The libretto by Ms. Carson and Ms. Rankine explores the lives of New Yorkers using two focal points: the time of 7 p.m., and the stories behind their dining tables.
“Measures taken must be strictly proportionate to the situation and limited in time.” “We are concerned that so many journalists, members of parliament, mayors and human rights defenders are deprived of their liberty,” he went on.
Let us age with grace, but let us not spread the plague of distrust by tarnishing a group of men and women who do what they can for those they can reach, and under increasingly difficult conditions.
She then sticks around to combat the evil in men — promising future installments of the franchise.
We left Prague and its crystals, Dvorak and alchemy, much too soon, and motored out onto the D1, a major auto artery aiming south.
Students share these predictions with a partner and add any new ones they hear.
The campus can house 500 students, but the program will begin with about 25 in the fall.
Ms. Portman added, without a smile: “And here are the all-male nominees.” Indeed, the category featured five men: Guillermo del Toro for “The Shape of Water,” Martin McDonagh for “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Christopher Nolan for “Dunkirk,” Ridley Scott for “All the Money in the World” and Steven Spielberg for “The Post.” Jodi Kantor, a New York Times reporter who has reported on the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment accusations and the aftermath, called it an “ instantly immortal phrase .” Others reacted with similar praise.
Colombia se encuentra en una encrucijada por el regreso a las armas de grupos disidentes de las antiguas Farc.
Ferkat Jawdat, a Uighur and American citizen who lives in Chantilly, Va., last spoke to his mother in February.
And a good pose can capture the inner you.
She said in an interview that she loved the Sinfonietta for “their fearlessness, their readiness to shred a piece, if that’s what it requires, with heavy-metal energy.” And there’s a conscious focus on the work of women, with premieres from Charlotte Bray, Unsuk Chin and Rebecca Saunders: three different voices ranging from the tuneful to the tough.
Zidane has it, in spades.
Separately, a state-run newspaper in North Korea cited K-pop music as one of the disruptive influences of smartphones that have started to trickle into that country, along with cheating on exams and pornography.
“What matters really is the oil.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
And the issue of detainees is particularly thorny, given the security risks of holding seasoned jihadists and the women and children who lived with them in a war zone.
Mr. Hawley and other Republicans have tried to hammer away at that image.
For some, the lack of food is just part of the desperation that has made many here receptive to the call for a boycott of the vote.
And an implant — a newer, match-size device in a woman’s upper arm — lasts three years and is the most effective form of contraception available.
In the 20th century much of the crop was sold to cooperatives or to big companies making cheap wines.
For those who look for the people who look for players, there is plenty of uncharted territory left.
Among the throngs who filled the streets of Windsor on Saturday were black women who had flown in from Houston and Atlanta, moved, sometimes to tears, to see a woman of color so publicly adored.
The only agreement was, when you start working, you would pay back 5 percent of your annual salary until you could pay back the loan.
From all the data the company has accumulated, no major country anomalies, in terms of patterns of behavior, have emerged.
During and after his divorce proceedings in 2015 and early 2016, Zach Smith’s job performance suffered, and he was regularly late to practice and workouts; on other occasions, Zach Smith failed to appear at scheduled recruiting visits at various high schools, despite reporting internally that he had.
What are we waiting for?”
And as of this month, white males are a minority of the independent directors on its board; including Mr. Hudson, they account for half of the group.
In her video piece “Semiotics of the Kitchen” (1975), she illustrates the alphabet with an apron for “A,” a hamburger press for “H.” She gesticulates and stabs the air and bangs the kitchen implements .
Staten Island is chosen as the location, and residents are offered cash to remain and participate.
At the center of this case is the Stored Communications Act, which was written when there was no modern global internet or cloud storage.
It was a bar Mr. Korman knew well and had suggested because it was near where Mr. McGuinness lived.
We continue to welcome your responses.
Their bill, the Help America Vote Act , or HAVA, offered states $3.9 billion to help administer federal elections and buy new voting equipment.
Philip Murphy, the director of the Institute for Commonwealth Studies, recently described the Commonwealth as “a great, soothing comfort blanket” for “post-second world war imperial enthusiasts.” It is not a free trade area; converting it into one would be a gargantuan task.
And that probably explains why “Closer,” the fifth episode of the mini-series, is so much more cinematic than everything that came before it.
What may have started as an ill-advised bit of summer whimsy — Elon Musk’s tweet on Aug. 7 suggesting that, as Tesla’s chief executive officer and its largest shareholder, he was going to take the company private and had the “funding secured” to do so — has turned into a full-blown crisis.
“I’ve never felt more destitute and hopeless as I do right now, from a medical standpoint,” Ms. Moser said.
Ruby Pivet echoed this same opinion in an essay for Vice titled, “Hoop Earrings Are My Culture, Not Your Trend.” “White girls did not start the ‘trend’ of oversized hoop earrings and yet they’re the ones being praised for donning the ‘edgy’ style,” wrote Ms. Pivet.
Mr. Boies demurred, saying, “I don’t think that would be good for Les, and I don’t think that would be good for me.” Although he’s a Democrat, Mr. Boies said he’d be more than happy to represent President Trump in the investigation by Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel.
She went back to work, telling the resellers how best to load up their rental truck to make room for all the boxes.
Well, there’s another name for O3, as Mr. Brian reminds us at 65A: It’s OZONE.
That the committee plans to hold a hearing this coming Monday is discouraging.
An even bigger share, 82 percent, said they had heard someone criticize a boy for “acting like a girl.” This contributes to the feeling among girls that they’re undervalued and objectified by boys, researchers sai d. Pressures on boys can also leave them with low self-esteem and more likely to be victims of violence or accidents.
A lawyer, Eitay Mack, pressed under public-records law for copies of Israel’s instructions to Lufthansa and other foreign companies or governments.
One vendor was selling a package of Oreo cookies for more than $5, compared to around $3 at a local discount store or mass retailer.
Also, to make sure to keep appealing to the newer breed of renegade flipper, CircusTrix is currently rebranding many of its parks (it owns about 300).
At Sunday’s rally, the first in the city since the killings in January, chants of “Justice for Naqeebullah” soon became calls for “Justice for Pashtuns.” In the days before the rally, P.T.M.
It outlined the Chinese government’s aggressive plan to treat A.I.
The Yalta players arrived in a van two hours before the match.
The Broadway performer Garen Scribner chose the figure skater Brian Boitano.
At one point, we got all ambitious and thought we would remodel the kitchen, which was someone’s masterpiece of 1960s do-it-yourself Formica — and of course, at the same time, we would put in another bathroom on the third floor.
“That was extremely anxiety inducing.
But he’s been nothing short of incredible.” Verlander logged 242⅔ innings in 2017, by far the most in the majors (postseason included).
“The games have to be played.
• Where will it be installed?
On your iPhone or iPad: 1.
So, not exactly beets to beets.
At St. Ives, portraits by women evoke the call to self-determination and independence in Woolf’s 1929 essay “A Room of One’s Own,” showing the artists and their peers as serious, professional people in their own work spaces.
The situation was expertly deflected by Ms. Williams herself, who knows a thing or two about spin.
This might not seem like a very exciting game, but we can learn a lot from it.
Rightly, there is a contemporary take as well, with two pieces by Avner Dorman.
(“Trust me,” they’d say, jamming their thumbs mockingly toward the doctors.
The country’s Business and Energy Department has been holding talks with companies in the gas industry, and has “been assured CO 2 producers are working as fast as they can to get plants up and running again.” The Beer and Gas Man, which supplies gas to about 750 pubs, has said it expects a shipment next week .
Several organizations in recent years have proposed tax credits for cost-burdened low-income households.
I don’t think words should be banned from the crossword necessarily, but it’s time the language around being objectified evolved.
After all, I did what I did because I’m a patriot.
But it’s probably not time to panic just yet.
It was a completely separated area where people were contained, because the South African government’s job, as it saw it, was to separate blacks from whites.
Tell me about your parents.
The Ridges’ killers were fellow Cherokees, wreaking vengeance.
Nonetheless, records show that the governor arrived in New York’s capital more times last year via plane or helicopter than he did in a car.
718-817-8700, nybg.org NATIONAL DANCE INSTITUTE’S 2018 EVENT OF THE YEAR: ‘AT THE RIVER’S EDGE’ at the N.Y.U.
This would be a gross dereliction.
Creative Time, the New York-based nonprofit arts organization that is known for large-scale public art projects, has chosen Justine Ludwig, who has served as deputy director and chief curator at Dallas Contemporary, as its next executive director.
“Now we can change our style of play in games, become a bit more compact and still put pressure on teams.
The Paris Opera has its own production coming up in April and May 2019, directed by Calixto Bieito.
Platts-Mills doesn’t eat red meat often — he had a heart attack in 2005 — but a few months after that hike, on a trip to Europe, he ate two lamb chops and had a glass of red wine.
The girl moved back to Texas in 2010 and learned that Cardinal DiNardo, who became archbishop in 2006, had appointed Father LaRosa-Lopez to be the vicar for Hispanics for the archdiocese.
Those actions seemed more important to Mr. Haddad than the prince’s diet.
Up until now, our third day into the trip, we hadn’t familiarized ourselves with Symphony .
And five to seven years after a work is first choreographed it will be restaged in the studio and additional notes added.
On Monday, Gen. Carlito G. Galvez Jr., the top commander of the country’s 130,000-member military, denied that there had been “rumblings” of discontent within the force.
“It was a very emotional moment.” College students at other campuses will have the opportunity to interact with older adults in a program being rolled out this fall called Intergenerational Solutions in Housing.
Lucius is built around Jess Wolfe and Holly Laessig, who always sing in unison, with awesomely gorgeous harmonies.
But perhaps the most significant piece was a matter of public record — the white Yves Saint Laurent suit Tina wore the day she left Ike, running across a highway in Dallas with 36 cents and a Mobil credit card in her pocket to the safety of a Ramada Inn and a kindly manager there.
It is a fine line between respect and deference, and in the days before they came face to face with Brazil, Belgium’s players and staff did all they could to navigate it.
“Harlem is not only a place, it’s a spirit, a feeling: the Schomburg Center , the Apollo Theater .
Sure, it’s a lot of work to solve cryptic crossword clues, but it’s tons of fun.
So by the time she has Negan in a rare position of vulnerability, she is not entirely sure how to move forward.
He appears safe on this high floor.
When our flight arrived at gate 51 I walked straight to the terminal ahead.
Some public health groups and universities collect news clippings of farm accidents, but the federal government stopped running its own surveys in 2015.
A microphone was left unattended at midcourt while the anthem played.
The stuffed flowers are coated with a crisp batter that contrasts perfectly with the melted cheese inside; the braised eggs are simply a wonderful array of yellows and oranges.
The White House did not respond to an email seeking comment.
( Later that year German lawmakers passed legislation ensuring the right to circumcision.)
25 pick along with picks in the third- and sixth-rounds, but they get a guy who was one of the two top cornerbacks left on the board.
To the Editor: Re “ The Silver Lining of Leaving Paris ” (editorial, June 2): While everyone on the planet should be grateful that various American states and cities are taking responsibility for fighting global warming, the world’s richest country must simply find the will to enact a national solution.
That cover might suggest a kind of cushy, dated charm, but in her writing, Ms. Rushdie was sharp and ahead of her time as she aimed to dismantle the stereotypes that had shaped outsiders’ perceptions of Indian cuisine for centuries — stereotypes that persist today.
Because groups like super PACs can take contributions of unlimited size, they are not allowed to coordinate their activities with candidates.
Both men have been implicated in various crimes, including unlawful association and fomenting public mischief.
Instead, the president’s apologists insist the real story is the genesis of the investigation, supposedly a Deep State smear job by the F.B.I.
You already work the hours.” Mr. Dieck, as honorary student body president, spoke at the ceremony about the time “spent doing homework with ice packs all over yourself” and the power of choice: “The moment you receive a degree you truly choose to be a dancer,” he said.
“I put all my energy into being a mutant and an X-Man and putting my life in danger every 10 minutes for everyone else,” the older Bobby says.
Fast-rising upstarts are harder to find.
season opens tonight with a matchup between the Philadelphia 76ers and the Boston Celtics, a storied rivalry.
“When I started, everyone made fun of me,” Soto said.
“Putin’s predecessor” was Medvedev or Yeltsin, but in P&A world you want RAS.
With military housing, the department could reduce its security expenses to about $1.6 million annually and provide far better protection from eavesdropping and other surveillance, she said.
Q: Our Upper West Side co-op board has quietly, and without consulting shareholders, implemented a $1,000-per-month fee for every month an apartment is being renovated.
By 2015, when Mr. Linton was elected president, membership hovered around 20 men and woman.
Mr. Orban himself received a grant in the late 1980s from the Soros Foundations to study grass-roots democracy and the importance of a vibrant civil society in a free society.
What lessons do those celebrations have for us today?
My parents have always been so supportive and proactive about keeping us within both cultures and I love them for that.” —Marisa Morrill A parent of adoptees said their family talks openly about racism.
The episodes are at once familiar and frightening.
(Destroying is not an option, and in my opinion should never be.)
Mr. Zeiler said that his company had recently bought new G.P.U.s for its data center in New Jersey, but could not install them for more than a month because the computer racks needed to house the chips were in short supply as a result of the same market pressures.
“I liked the idea of becoming Korean,” Frisch said.
Like much of Mr. Solondz’s work, “Emma and Max” (named after Brooke and Jay’s children, who appear in the show only as projections) tiptoes between pathos and satire, between tragedy and the banality of urban life — sprinkled with his acidic humor.
But Europe will also find itself under pressure if China starts redirecting its steel to Europe, as Russia is likely to do with its aluminum.
They were absolutely phenomenal; they really were.
In an irony that inspired Ms. Morris-Cafiero’s latest project, “The Bully Pulpit,” the online comments “Wait Watchers” received were even uglier.
Otro compartió una historia falsa sobre un hombre musulmán que violó a una mujer budista.
Mandy has a good suggestion — take a second look at the wife.
So there’s none that stand out, they’re just — despite what you may have heard, the best part about my job was my connection to those people.
Mr. Mitchell’s family filed complaints with the Breaux Bridge police in February 2017, alleging multiple instances of choking, dragging and hitting.
In postgame interviews, Coach Sean McDermott acknowledged the possibility of benching Peterman, who has two touchdowns and seven interceptions in three career starts.
That competition poses a challenge for PepsiCo and other food and beverage conglomerates looking to acquire small manufacturers: picking which healthy snacks will stick around for years or even decades and which ones will wind up being just a fad.
Fukunaga’s father was born in 1943 in a Japanese-American internment camp.
“I feel badly for some people because they have gone back 12 years to find things.” In fact, Mr. Manafort worked for the Trump campaign for a lot longer than 49 days.
The Knicks took their first lead at 95-94 on an offensive rebound and basket by Noah Vonleh, and Damyean Dotson later hit a straight-on 3 to tie the score at 100.
I think that companies should offer anti-bias training, but not make it mandatory.
The bidding reached $550 before Ms. Loomer was escorted from the room, and Mr. Long ceased his patter and yielded the floor back to the House Committee.
I did not develop an awareness of this culture’s bias against, horror at and disdain for physical and intellectual difference.
From the day it first sought revenue, Facebook prioritized growth over any other possible goal, maximizing the harvest of data and human attention.
While those issues remain between the countries, Mr. Erdogan is unlikely to waste the political capital he has gained through the Khashoggi case, political observers in Turkey said.
In recent months, I’ve spoken to several retiring Republicans in the House who said the same — long-timers like LoBo and upstarts alike.
There was a heavy police presence outside the Supreme Court on Wednesday morning as supporters of Mr. Kem Sokha gathered to await the ruling.
“Mandating rebates be applied at the point of sale would increase costs for the vast majority of seniors in Part D, taxpayers and the government, while benefiting drug manufacturers,” said Carolyn Castel, a spokeswoman for CVS Health, one of the largest pharmacy managers, in an email.
This month, 47 finalists from 15 countries met in Singapore for the finals.
“We have to be open to an exchange of ideas that makes a better world, and Gloria exemplifies that.” The two film projects in the works about Ms. Steinem include “My Life on the Road,” a biopic directed by Julie Taymor , written by Sarah Ruhl, and starring Julianne Moore, as well as “ An Uncivil War ,” about the battle over the Equal Rights Amendment, directed by Dee Rees and starring Carey Mulligan.
Those artifacts — mostly sculptures and relief plaques — were looted from royal palaces during a British expedition in 1897.
He, too, noted the flattened villi so suggestive of celiac.
He’s not exactly evading scrutiny, but he’s being spared the relentless top-of-the-screen, start-of-the-newscast treatment that he would likely endure if lawmakers, journalists and other watchdogs weren’t so mesmerized by the convoluted twists of Mueller v. Trump.
But also like Tejal I was delighted and amazed by this recipe for pickled roasted mushrooms (above) that she learned from the chef Patch Troffer , of Marlow & Sons in Brooklyn.
I’d say our politics and our society are coming to resemble the competitive mythic ethos that is suddenly all around.
Her mother, who retired as the owner of the Contemporary Group, a fashion jewelry distributor that was in Northbrook, Ill., is now an independent costume jewelry designer in Deerfield.
The president’s tweet came a day after a widely circulated article published by Vice News said that Twitter was shadow banning “prominent Republicans.” But many in the tech world said the Vice story — which was shared by prominent conservatives on Twitter, including the House majority leader, Kevin McCarthy ; James O’Keefe ; and Donald Trump Jr. — was based on a misunderstanding of the concept of shadow banning that could make an already tense debate more acrimonious.
The reporters were arrested after meeting at a Yangon restaurant with two police officers, who gave them some rolled-up papers.
Certain products she’d been told to buy were utterly useless; a specific breastfeeding pillow she’d found to be a godsend.
“We’re talking business,” said a woman in a black bustier and hoop earrings.
But fighting Daesh cannot and should not mean that we will not fight other terrorist groups in our region that which threaten our country and the security of our citizens.
Many earn little to no profit from the coffee, corn, beans and other agricultural products they grow, given the steadily declining price of farm goods.
Current events arguably place some of Mr. Rhodes’s statements in an interesting perspective.
“It was all on the fly,” he said.
Two relatives of Mr. Caughman, his cousins Norma and Iris Peek, sat in the courtroom and watched the video impassively.
Inside, the Republican senator was remembered, by a man who ran on a ticket against him, for a friendship that transcended political difference.
What do you want to see here?
And the intelligence of the composition — like in the Second Ballade, he can create something very pure and you think, O.K., this is how it’s going.
They set up this plot in front of our eyes, they are playing.” Selva Tor, a former banker and political analyst who has criticized the United States policy of enforcing its laws on foreign citizens, wondered why the Turkish government was not protecting a citizen.
Here’s what you need to know: • Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, made a surprise trip this week to meet with President Xi Jinping of China , Mr. Kim’s first trip abroad since taking power in 2011.
Yet this husband-and-wife team also have a knack for exposing, without exploiting, a little of the man beneath the apparent madness.
But the legislative package was so sprawling and rushed that many Democrats were still trying to assess the damage.
The symbiotic relationship between Mr. Schneiderman’s public politics and his alleged private behavior is a difficult one to traverse, because on the surface they seem like opposites.
“The end of the year is always a good time for letting go and moving forward, and it feels like that tonight,” he said.
For more suggestions on what to read, watch and listen to, may we suggest a glance at the Times Best Sellers list , new TV and streaming recommendations from Watching , or our music critics’ latest playlist.
The rest of America should be careful not to follow.
Turkey’s Transport Ministry said the plane belonged to Basaran Holding, which does business in sectors including construction, food, energy and finance, and is led by Huseyin Basaran.
If they were not miscounted, then the most likely explanation was that they were in fact left blank, possibly because of the way the ballot was designed , with the Senate choices on the bottom left corner of the page, tucked beneath the voter instructions.
Supplementary materials include a life mask of Washington and several smaller Canova models, including a nude Washington with some rather nice pecs.
In April, an independent task force concluded that professional tennis needed reform to combat a “tsunami” of fixed matches at the sport’s lowest levels .
Well, I think he hates evil.
“I was kind of surprised, honestly,” deGrom said.
THE DARK NET , by Benjamin Percy.
• Two new government-requested reports say the U.K.’s big accounting firms need a shake-up.
She and her fiancé, who works at another construction company, spend at least one day of their weekend at their sites.
“And the Restaurants Shall Lead Them” with the chefs and restaurateurs Emeril Lagasse and Barbara Lynch in conversation with Sam Sifton, food editor of The New York Times.
Also, our science team put together a list of the coming year’s major meteor showers .
“I expect that the trial will start soon,” he said in translated remarks.
“I know Trump heard what we said, but I don’t know what impact it made on him,” Mr. Grassley said.
The country’s freewheeling intellectual environment, unparalleled network of research universities and traditional openness to immigrants (such as myself) have for decades made it an incubator for big ideas in A.I.
The Dutch government eliminated a subsidy for teachers’ salaries, seemingly dooming the school to closing.
Today, most Christian churches and denominations in America — conservative as well as liberal, male-led and female-led both — have some sort of gender gap , sometimes modest but often stark.
These artisans, many of whom dwell in a remote Berber village of 75 people, refer to their trade as “the charm of the hand.” There are no machines used; the wool is hand-washed in the Oum Er-Rbia River and beat against rocks.
“If you have something to hide, this is the wrong business to get into,” Mr. Cuomo told reporters.
Over the past week, pilgrims from across the city have ventured to the street, bringing flowers and candles and handwritten cards near the spots where people were struck down.
“Closing the door is the worst approach,” he told The New York Times in Los Angeles in between bridge-building meetings with Ethiopians living in the United States.
The Los Angeles-based jeweler Sarah-Jane Wilde is best known for her work for Thom Browne, like the one-sided crosses for the designer’s Fall 2014 catwalk show and the tassel necklaces and earrings made from her own hair the following year.
“Soft drinks, boxed juice, sweet snacks, plus many of the foods are store-bought, which means they are packed with MSG and are low in protein and fiber,” Professor Jongjit said, listing the unhealthy food items that monks regularly receive.
But not everyone regards this word to be quite as offensive as Americans do.
A neglected girlfriend feels threatened by her boyfriend’s new friend.
And then there is the eerie mystery of how he died .
After all, Chanel is a fashion house founded on Coco Chanel’s love of incorporating traditional masculine elements into her women’s designs, something of a precursor to the current cultural shift away from established gender norms.
Rather, the United States should focus on reducing the cost of bringing new drugs to the market and promoting competition in the health care market.
We’ve seen reporting on people who owe tens of thousands — $33,000 in one instance and $91,000 in another.
Among them: The 19-year-old Hailey Kilgore , for her breakout performance as Ti Moune, the self-sacrificing girl at the heart of “Once on This Island”; Ari’el Stachel, who had to audition seven times before landing the role as Haled, an amorous Egyptian trumpeter, in “The Band’s Visit”; Lauren Ridloff , a onetime Miss Deaf America who unexpectedly landed the starring role of Sarah Norman in a revival of “Children of a Lesser God”; and Ethan Slater, who used lessons learned as a high school wrestler to develop a physical language for SpongeBob SquarePants.
It entails moving defenders around like chess pieces, player evaluations based on launch angles and spin rates, and versatile rosters designed to provide a minute edge.
David Whiston, an analyst at Morningstar who follows Tesla, said the appointment of Ms. Denholm was “a good balance” and was probably best for Tesla’s stock price.
It was the 10-year reunion for Scotlandville Magnet High School’s Class of 1997 in Baton Rouge, La., and a few alumni were being singled out for professional distinction.
Israel, like all countries, has a right to protect its borders and to determine who is allowed in and out.
Ultimately, if you wind up wasting food, at least throw it in the compost bin.
Hawaii was bracing on Wednesday for possible landfall from Hurricane Lane, a rare Category 4 storm in the Pacific Ocean that forecasters are warning could bring whipping winds, flooding and high surf.
But don’t other Republicans feel a bit bad about the prospect of taking health care away from millions of Americans who have done nothing wrong besides having past medical problems?
It was simply announced , over the apparent objections of nonpartisan staff members, by Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross.
The remaining charges were for firearm-related offenses.
Go here for our latest polling results.
Even redacted, the applications lay waste to the central charges made in the Nunes memo .
The show in Rome is not the first time that Mr. Pellegrin’s pictures have graduated from the pages of magazines and newspapers to gallery walls.
Something strange was happening, and Dr. Kivelson and her vexed team worked out several ways of explaining it.
The outpouring of grief and confusion from cooks around the world, overflowing social media and spilling into texts and emails and calls, speaks to how deeply he touched our lives.
China’s biggest e-commerce company is expecting rockier times ahead, a troubling sign for a vast economy that is one of the world’s most important engines of growth.
Customers, it seems, are willing to pay $1,000 or more for the iPhone X, released at the end of 2017.
“I’m sure North Korea would have preferred the DMZ,” said Joseph Y. Yun, who recently retired as the State Department’s senior diplomat on Korea.
I spent a lot of time on the internet.
The Liberal government’s stance is a marked contrast to that of the Trump administration, which last year cut off federal funding to Planned Parenthood and other groups that perform abortions, a move that conservatives applauded.
In a recent email, she followed up on those comments.
Mr. Korban gestured toward a range hood clad in book-matched statuary marble.
Beijing’s plan to produce the aircraft, cars and green tech the world needs, Made in China 2025 , necessitates consuming an overwhelming amount of these raw materials.
In fact, Mr. Orban has repeatedly discouraged foreigners from coming to Hungary through a combination of physical barriers on the border and xenophobic campaigns in the international news media.
Are there any candidates you can remember whose nomination was derailed by a revelation like this?
The Senate should put zero stock in the Morell memo, which reflects the agency’s attempt to cover up its own illegal and immoral conduct.
Even if it was generic, bland chicken stew (and it was) encased in not very distinctive pie dough, it seemed wonderful.
A scientist was fatally shot on Friday while camping with his two young daughters at Malibu Creek State Park in Southern California, officials said, in a case that has stunned his family and community.
How big (and bad) is that?” The administration has cast naturalized citizens as suspects for fraud, and the legal immigration process itself in need of urgent course-correction to prevent that abuse.
“You can put 65 million into the building and not have anything on the flip side of that other than a building that’s safe for people to inhabit again,” Mr. Morse said.
From there, Mr. Wodni moved to Berlin, where he worked for a fishmonger before he started cooking in the upper echelons of the city’s gastronomical circles.
In order to stitch together the resources needed for a countywide stream remediation plan, it must appeal to the good graces of four different Assembly members and a state senator.
In Gun Control Marches, Students Led but Adults Provided Key Resources The March for Our Lives demonstrations were triumphs of organic, youthful grass-roots energy, and of sophisticated, experienced organizational muscle.
Eventually the Rocky Mountains soared, the earth’s crust tilted, the seawater rushed off to the south, and before long (geologically speaking), April 22, 1889, arrived.
It had put that aspiration into her vocabulary.
If you’re Juan Carlos Osorio, you’d like more of that.
Polansky has shown resilience before this run of unexpected bonuses.
Until this cycle , Bill Clinton has been a regular campaigner for fellow Democrats, not least his wife, but even as he assailed Republican ideas, he generally refrained from directly attacking his successors.
Antoine Camilleri, under secretary for the Holy See’s relations with states, met Saturday with Wang Chao, deputy minister for foreign affairs of the People’s Republic of China, and signed the provisional agreement, which foresees “periodic reviews of its application.” The deal, which has several times seemed on the brink of fruition only to collapse, comes after negotiation teams met in Rome in June, when the Vatican apparently assured the Chinese that the pope would lift the excommunications of the government-appointed bishops.
My writing class was talking about the news, and a wave of opinions drowned me.
Mr. Ward, the fisherman who picked up two of the migrants, said the men were “very humble, polite.” Although they spoke little English, he understood they were brothers from north of Hanoi, Vietnam.
The management of the complex declined to turn over the video, the N.F.L.
What matters to them is whether Apple has significantly fewer shares outstanding at the end of the program.
The review will expand to workers hired in previous years.
Update: The Wisconsin State Legislature passed measures limiting the governor’s power on Wednesday.
The next step is to adopt congestion pricing below 96th Street in Manhattan and then: 1.
And there’s a chance — I’m only gonna make a good deal for us.” After the death of Otto F. Warmbier , a University of Virginia honors student who spent 17 months in North Korean captivity, Mr. Trump condemned the “brutal regime” in North Korea.
It had been just a few months since the rapper, producer, fashion designer and cultural fire starter had gone through one of the most taxing periods of his public life: His wife was robbed at gunpoint , and a series of erratic concert appearances followed, culminating in a nine-day stint in the U.C.L.A.
Instead, he has stacked his administration with incompetent yes men, right-wing ideologues and Washington swamp dwellers.
Instead they decided to continue the relationship.
A new therapist saw Ms. Green, 43, that day.
Didi Chuxing suspended its Hitch service after the killing, and said on Wednesday that it would revamp the service.
What is served by eliding one highly unconventional individual with an actual African nation?
Those talks could still take place, but there was no mention from the European side of any further meetings or deadlines, and the comments by Mr. Juncker contrasted with Mrs. May’s appeal to the leaders to “leave nothing in reserve” in seeking a way out of the impasse.
Not pizza.” The March for Our Lives, with its diverse speakers, remembered something that is often overlooked in the national debate over guns: killings by school shooters and terrorists make up less than 3 percent of the nation’s gun homicides.
And if expanding offshore drilling isn’t bad enough, this plan follows a series of proposed rollbacks announced by the administration last week of safety rules that were put in place after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, which killed 11 people and caused the nation’s worst oil spill.
Off-Center series , at City Center, has been giving us a crash course in bookless musicals this summer.
For some non-Muslims, it may seem puzzling that Muslims engage in such a bloody ritual.
There is one twist, though: Wokuni is much, much more interested in seafood than the average izakaya.
Our military is justified only by the civic life and values it exists to defend.
[ The Cut ] There’s a lot of female rage in the new trailer for the X-Men film “ Dark Phoenix .” It’s all coming from Jean Grey (Sophie Turner from “Game of Thrones”), who, as a child, was recruited by Professor Charles Xavier.
As he climbed down, my mother approached.
“It deserves attention,” said the illustrator Drew Friedman, who has contributed to Mad for more than two decades.
Once I drove an hour through a blizzard to hear a poet I loved.
Mr. Castle’s first marriage ended in divorce.
• Oil briefly passed $70 a barrel, and there is no shortage of reasons for prices to climb higher.
• Partisan picks: Writers from across the political spectrum discuss the midterm elections .
Unfortunately, more or less from the day it opened, having dinner at Don Angie has been only marginally less difficult than eating at a private club.
And it never occurs to him to punish his characters for wanting it and having it.
Within the F.B.I., Chinese counterintelligence has not been the best career path.
To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here .
While Mr. Garcia said he was somewhat encouraged by ICE’s decision to resume coordinating the release of migrants with his organization, other immigration advocates said they were overwhelmed.
She had her own misgivings about mainstream dating apps.
When my parents dropped me off at the school, I said, “Oh, it’s not ready yet, I’ll see you later, bye!” I was kind of homeless, couch-surfing for about six months.
as soon as year end.
Hey, it’s a free country.
Please RT to help counter media misrepresentation ↓ After much consideration, I have decided to resign from Labour.
Many companies, including some of her clients, like Pinterest, have moved toward a more structured hiring process.
I see women today who are still in pain and reeling from 1991 and then revisited it and brought up more memories in the Kavanaugh hearing.
They were also confederates in a more ambitious project: creating the myth of Donald J. Trump, Self-Made Billionaire.
Susan Lerner, the executive director of Common Cause New York, a government accountability group, said in a statement, “Silver’s repeated conviction highlights — yet again — that Albany is long overdue for real, comprehensive reforms.” After Mr. Silver’s earlier conviction, Judge Caproni sentenced him to 12 years in prison , but on Friday, she said that term of imprisonment was “longer than necessary to accomplish the goals of sentencing.” The appeals court that last year overturned the earlier conviction cited a 2016 United States Supreme Court decision that had narrowed the legal definition of corruption.
Marketing experts say it’s difficult to determine whether calls for boycotts can truly have an impact on a company’s business.
Keith Kinkaid, the mainstay in goal since the end of January, made 31 saves as the Devils won their fourth straight and extended their points streak to eight games (7-0-1).
[ Read more about the case, and how it has affected Chicago, here. ]
Our correspondent has an overview of the recent rise in trans-Pacific tensions , and what could happen next.
“Nobody knows who the hell she is,” Mr. Trump said.
Destani had already run away weeks earlier from the female-only residence on the Cayuga campus.
It does a lot, for example, to explain exactly what’s so unsettling about the Cambridge Analytica issue, and why the congressional hearings were so unsatisfying.
We’ll be standing by to help if anything goes wrong along the way, either with your cooking or with the technology we use to support our activities.
John L. Thornton, a former Goldman Sachs president who has taught at Tsinghua University in Beijing, said that in a chaotic world, the two countries should focus on what unites, rather than what divides, them.
In a party of Pétains they are the conservative de Gaulles.
Clark University’s Abbie Goldberg, the pioneering scholar on L.G.B.T.
of their current car match one of those cash transactions Stan’s been investigating?
It is not known if it identifies Marlon Bundo’s sexual orientation at all.
“It damages her credibility going forward and once again makes everyone, friend and foe alike, wonder that when the United States says something, approves something, calls for something, opposes something, is it for real?” said Representative Gerald E. Connolly, Democrat of Virginia and a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
Though a fervent New Dealer during Franklin Roosevelt’s presidency, he had been drifting to the right and now found his political lodestar.
He once gave “Ask This Old House” a tour of his workshop in Los Angeles, which is filled with vintage power tools and exotic lumber.
He was sentenced to two years in jail.
She is 5 foot 10 and carrying an iridescent bucket of a handbag that she periodically digs through, excavating her iPhone to show me photos of Tina Turner, whom she’d just interviewed in Zurich, and of the disappointing eyelash extensions for which she’d just paid $189.
Achieving consistency in customer service is no easy feat.
In the chaos, Libya also became a safe haven for the Islamic State.
But her reaction was to point out that Ms. Lewinsky had been an adult at the time of the affair — as though that technical legality, when the president of the United States was getting busy with an intern who was young enough to be his daughter, was all that mattered.
A United Nations study finds that even if global greenhouse gas emissions are cut to the level required to keep temperature rise below 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit or 2 degrees Celsius, the cost of climate change adaptation in developing countries is likely to reach two to three times previous estimates of $70 billion to $100 billion per year by 2050 The Paris climate accord is approved by 195 nations , including the United States, marking the first time that all major nations pledge to make emissions reductions to limit the global average temperature increase to less than 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit.
But as the programming on Mars lacks tension, a narrative arc and all signs of life, that leaves Earth.
They are about new groups previously outside the system busting their way in and taking possession of the great privilege to be American.
Our Cooking team, of course, has many, including a 13th-century haroseth recipe from Provence and a simple but satisfying matzo ball soup .
The report partly blamed Mr. Durkin, but it also partly absolved him, characterizing the first-time head coach — who was hired after the 2015 season, when he was just 37 — as overmatched in his new job.
The fact of your presence serves as a lesson unto itself.
I remember cars honking and a general feeling of celebration around me.
But after her own reunion, Ms. Slaton offered this emphatic plea to birth parents who’ve refused to meet their adult child face-to-face: Please reconsider.
Democrats had been itching to retake the seat ever since.
“I had not made a decision, and obviously the hearing Thursday is an important one,” Ms. Collins told reporters on Tuesday.
Mr. Sadr scored an upset victory as the leading vote-getter in the May 12 national parliamentary elections, which were marred by the lowest voter turnout since the 2003 fall of Saddam Hussein.
Take time to walk the entirety of the store, though, and you’ll get whiplash.
They occupied quite a different technical vocabulary from the medieval-looking shears she later used in her sheep shed to trim rank wool.
“When the pump goes down, I go down,” he added.
500 Index that were publicly listed in 1981, before the rule, and were still public through 2016.
• Technology has invaded modern relationships.
After the European Union threatened counter tariffs on goods like Harley-Davidson motorcycles, Kentucky bourbon and bluejeans, Mr. Trump said he was prepared to escalate the fight by imposing higher taxes on European cars.
He began incorporating found objects while in a Navy construction battalion during World War II, and he continued this practice even in the absence of wartime shortages.
Why are inland regions also threatened by hurricanes?
Chobani is known for offering generous wages and benefits, and you recently gave away equity to employees.
The survey results were released on Wednesday.
(Amazon collects taxes on such third-party sales in Washington State, and agreed this month to begin doing so in Pennsylvania.)
Mr. Cohen, this time as Gio Monaldo, an Italian billionaire playboy, repeatedly tried to goad Mr. Simpson into admitting that he was guilty of murder.
She is a daughter of Susan A. Rider and Michael R. Kamins, both of New York.
Some vendors sell living Christmas trees that can be replanted.
The company on Tuesday unveiled new versions of its Pixel smartphone , which is a high-end challenger to Apple’s iPhone and Samsung’s Galaxy phones .
She added that the B.B.G.
With her best friend and fellow reporter Anne Kornblut, she started “Chick Chat,” a social group for female White House correspondents that drew political guests as well as charges of elitism from those it excluded.
But that carefully cultivated image of a caring, progressive Renaissance man came crashing down on Monday night after the publication of an expose by The New Yorker , detailing allegations of a sordid and stomach-turning double life, including Mr. Schneiderman’s physical and psychological abuse of four women with whom he had been romantically involved.
(A 1959 photograph showed four Ferus artists draped over a motorcycle.
It’s just visually, you can see where you’re supposed to go and not supposed to go.
Specifically, they were drawn to Shore Acres , a community of about 200 homes surrounded by the Long Island Sound.
Everything she did back then was a continuation of the things she had always been rewarded for, which were her scrappiness and her invention and her survival.
“I know the taxes needed to be paid.” In addition to the year in prison, Judge Rakoff ordered that Mr. Simmons make $2.29 million in restitution to the government and be subject to three years of supervised release.
The victims of mass shootings are typically the gunman’s family members, said Glynn Greensmith, a lecturer at Curtin University in Sydney.
_____ • President Trump told Attorney General Jeff Sessions in March 2017 that he should reverse his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.
Before Mr. Bukhari, the last journalist in the region to be killed was Parvaz Mohammed Sultan , shot in broad daylight in 2003 for reporting on a militant group’s internal feud.
In 1957, two years after the famous Fortune article, female artists were all the rage, even feted in Life magazine as being “in ascendance.” But when market tastes shifted to Pop, women were once again relegated to their traditional place in the history of art — nowhere.
• In a surprise move, U.S. regulators asked Qualcomm, the giant California chip maker, to give them more time to investigate whether a takeover bid by Broadcom , a Singapore-based rival, would threaten national security.
“Even the name came through,” she recalled.
Look for toys (certified as safe for the baby’s age) with parts that can fit inside the baby’s mouth (without detaching) and “touch where the spoon is going to touch,” she said, with little bumps or other textures.
We found nothing that could back that up.” Hillway, 75, is a former tennis coach from Colorado who once competed against Arthur Ashe and others of that era around the American West.
Two issues for the company: how to pull its power generation business out of its tailspin, and the fate of the dividend.
Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York ignited outrage from some corners when he picked up a fork and a knife to dive into a slice of pizza, eschewing the city’s tradition of the hand-held slice.
Bones, bombs and bullets remain in the soil of Alsace, a region switched back and forth between various incarnations of France and Germany five times between the Thirty Years’ War that ended in 1648 and the devastation of World War II.
And Bernie Sanders’s initial standing in Iowa polls is well below the 49.6 percent he captured in nearly defeating Hillary Clinton there in 2016.
So Tebas said he was turning to the courts: La Liga plans to file a motion this week in Madrid to get the city’s mercantile court to force the federation’s hand.
Luckily an enormous amount of data has been collected from the world’s telescopes over the last few months in what astronomers like to call “multi-messenger astronomy” to give hope of making progress on these and other questions.
For six months in 1868, a squad made up exclusively of Indigenous Australians went on a cricket tour of Britain, the first trip of its kind by an Australian team.
Instead, the Commerce Department said, ZTE paid them bonuses and lied about it.
“I’d never experienced anything like that.
It is a gentle, relaxing activity that involves deep breathing but does not work up a sweat or leave you out of breath.
Starting in 1945, when he was 17 and living in the Bronx, he worked as a photographer for Look magazine, and the topics that he explored are chestnuts so old that they smell a little moldy: lovers embracing on a park bench as their neighbors gaze ostentatiously elsewhere, patients anxiously awaiting their doctors appointment, boxing hopefuls in the ring, celebrities at home, pampered dogs in the city.
(The others: the mothers of queen bee Regina George and nice girl Cady Heron.)
• The New York City Opera performs Verdi’s “La Traviata” on the upper terrace of Bryant Park in Midtown.
Many of the students at Grover Cleveland come from working-class immigrant families, and many aren’t good swimmers when they arrive.
They noticed that drivers sometimes placed hot items next to cold items, to the detriment of both.
This race, therefore, is not just a clash between a centrist Democrat and a conservative Republican.
For every threat he raises, there is a solution for sale.
The Silver Bear, or the runner-up prize, went to “Mug,” by Małgorzata Szumowska of Poland.
“I think it makes me more approachable for people who are intimidated by the idea of fashion coming in their door.” Ms. Koop did not set out to be a stylist.
#Spelacchio became a popular hashtag.
I love America, I really do.
At some point in the trip, I said, “Wow, you have a lot of freckles!
Earrings were easier to remove than my last name, my accent or my tendency to roll my eyes in dissent.
It was the first instance of a federal agency accepting the premise, but it was an administrative-law decision, not binding on other agencies or the courts.
Edye McCarthy, Greenburgh’s assessor, said Irvington contains approximately 1,180 single-family homes and 100 multifamily homes.
“But Mexico was undergoing fiscal and financial reform, which opened up many new opportunities.” She soon found work there as a senior associate in the investigations and dispute practice at Kroll, a corporate investigations and risk consulting firm based in New York.
While applauding the new European Union initiative, he said, “I also highlight that we need to avoid duplication” between the Europeans and NATO.
This man in Glouster, Ohio, gave up on the news entirely, going so far as to wear headphones when going out for coffee.
Noting that one of the core advantages of blockchains is decentralization — the ability for a network to decide by group consensus, not top-down authority — Mr. Furlonger said: “Many of the enterprise initiatives are heavily centralized replatforming initiatives, not reimagining the way business can be conducted.
Mr. Trump is right that brand-name drugs often cost much more in this country than in Europe.
Going out in public required becoming hypersensitive to mobs at the supermarket or on the street who, lost in their phones or thoughts, all seemed to head straight for me.
An intensifying series of red-state battles over education funding and teacher pay threatens to loosen Republicans’ grip on some of the country’s most conservative states, as educators and parents rebel against a decade of fiscal austerity that has cut deeply into public education.
He has been dealing with North Korean representatives through a channel that runs between the C.I.A.
“The opposite of parrying is creating, making, adding something that wasn’t there before.
“It was a foolish thing to do,” he acknowledged at the time.
It might have been entitled “First Day Of ELEMENTARY School,” but still we had it, and she looked cute and happy and everyone applauded the Big Milestone.
There have been successful trials of a vaccine to prevent infection in both healthy koalas and those in early stages of infection.
and an author of the paper , which was published in draft form Monday by the National Bureau of Economic Research.
At least one senior Republican, Senator John Cornyn of Texas, held out the possibility that the chamber could still advance its own alternative but said it would be difficult to do so before November’s midterm elections.
China uses most of its aluminum to manufacture everything from auto parts to solar panel frames, although many of these are then exported all over the world.
— Which other sports would you add to the Winter Games, and why?
Those were the motivating factors for the so-called color revolutions that have toppled several former Soviet governments.
In 1973, the company blended with Claire’s Boutiques, a small accessories chain in the Midwest, creating Claire’s Stores.
Premium economy tickets can cost two or three times as much as regular economy ones, and the difference in fare is mostly profit for the companies .
When T Magazine chose to devote an issue to the cultural relevance of New York City in the years between 1981 and 1983 , it was inevitable that gay people and the disease that disproportionately decimated them would play a major role in our coverage, from the birth of gay literature to the hundreds of creative leaders who changed the culture only to then die prematurely .
“You feel it and see it everywhere now,” he said.
I recommend mackerel, Pacific saury, sardines, tuna or salmon.” In any case, he said, omega-3 is not a first-line treatment for anxiety, or a substitute for other evidence-based therapies.
Ceremonies at the doughnut shops typically take three to five minutes.
Inside the Kingsport Chamber of Commerce one morning last month, a few dozen voters sipped coffee and listened for 45 minutes to Representative Marsha Blackburn tick off all the reasons that this traditionally Republican stronghold in northeastern Tennessee should support her in one of the most high-stakes Senate races this year.
“If this season they don’t control the illegal fishing, I would say it is very likely catastrophic and puts the vaquita in a dire situation,” Dr. Rojas Bracho said.
The reaction after Alabama weighed on our thinking as we considered whether to publish a forecast for the special election on Tuesday in Pennsylvania’s 18th Congressional District.
Mr. Duncan was soon on the front lines, exposed to the same dangers as the allied troops and civilian refugees.
Mary Jo Kopechne, a former aide to the senator’s brother Robert, died inside the car.
They were conducting what purports to be the first-ever comprehensive Central Park squirrel census .
“The critics all said that the only listeners that we had were country.
For state or local political ads on Twitter , you can see only current ads — and those don’t include demographic audience data or spending data.
Ms. Mirkovic was accompanied not by a pianist, as usual, but by Matthias Loibner, one of a growing tribe of hurdy-gurdy masters who are ushering this thousand-year-old instrument into its latest reincarnation.
I’m not gonna be O.K.
It also could put the informant’s safety at risk.
And now it wanted revenge.
The New Zealanders had Peter Blake and others, and so I said ‘Let’s use one or two Chinese sailors and win the Volvo, and if they are heroes, they will bring the youth into sailing.’ And now we’ve done it, and it’s up to them to use the platform of this victory.
(He is writing his own seasonal quartet, having just published “Winter.” ) While Edward St. Aubyn’s Patrick Melrose novels , looked at in the aggregate, are a way to understand family trauma, Smith seems to be using her cycle as a way to process the larger trauma of our breaking, swirling world — over time, over human moments, over seasons.
And yet, insists the narrator: “None of this is true.
Facebook has announced similar limits.
No matter their standing in society or role in the war, on Armistice Day they were all celebrating peace.
He performs a musical number inspired by Bruno Mars with the musician and comedian Reggie Watts, while the actors Anna Faris, Allison Janney, Kunal Nayyar and Iain Armitage play along during a bizarre iteration of “The Sound of Music.” Christina Aguilera gets in the passenger seat for some “Carpool Karaoke.” NEW ORLEANS: CITY OF STORIES 6 p.m. on National Geographic.
The attack happened in the Jaghato district, and 10 of the victims were children between the ages of 6 and 15, the United Nations said.
“Little of it was true.” To compete for relief supplies, refugees have learned to make their stories more dramatic.
“How else are you going to explain the fact that she’s down in the ratings, when — black or white — she was an unbelievable bachelorette?
She later figured out why.
fans scoff at their hyperactivity and point to professional coaches’ comparatively calm mien, even though N.B.A.
“I missed so many,” Ms. Perry said.
We may include your response in an upcoming New York Today column.
Both bedrooms have windows overlooking rooftop plantings of wildflowers.
As Worldwidewords.org says, there is an almost “inexhaustible store of rude British slang expressions,” and TOE RAG is one “you should avoid saying … to strangers unless you want a smack in the mush or a punch up the bracket.” Mr. Thomas offers us four phrases that all have three contiguous O’s in them.
Republican campaigns are turning away from health care as a major issue this cycle, planning to pay more attention to other messages like immigration, job creation and attacks on Democrats.
The trip, not including food and emergency supplies, costs about $1,200 all around — compared with the monthly minimum wage, which is set at 18,000 dinars, just over $100 dollars at common black-market rates.
We’ll have to do that again, I’m sure.” The Patriots and the Cowboys will march on, still in the thick of the playoff chase.
As our White House correspondent explains, the U.S. and North Korea have gone through similar cycles of brief hope and then disappointment.
If the bodega owner or property manager insist they are too busy to help, or just don’t want to get involved, the defense can ask a judge for a subpoena.
SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING (2017) 9:45 p.m. on Starz.
The rally in Nvidia’s shares has come as demand for chips to power data centers, artificial intelligence, autonomous driving and gaming has surged.
The Fisher investigation was becoming a political albatross.
“Off the charts!” said the actress Elizabeth Berkley, Mr. Lauren’s wife.
But, Lessig says, the big three ratings agencies, designated as official by the Securities and Exchange Commission, compete to get the lucrative business of analyzing securities.
We’re working on unity in that part of the Middle East, and I think it’s working out very well.”
Our era’s seemingly race-neutral languages of security, legality, culture, productivity and assimilation are often strongly inflected with racial meanings, but they’re subtler and deniable, attracting far less opposition than, say, likening countries to outhouses.
They later reconnected and had their first date in 2011 in New York.
The aftermath of Brexit in June 2016.
“If I’ve pulled an all-nighter, I’ll want to be as casual as possible,” he said.
He added, “Congress has been totally AWOL.” For Democrats, the dysfunction has made the quest to regain power more urgent.
The area has long had ski resorts, and at one time the township was home to Action Park, a water park that gained notoriety for its wildly dangerous rides.
“This was not one mistake,” Mr. Windom said.
Reena Spaulings) is a classically trained singer who often performs in exhibition spaces; in this live documentation a cabaret-like set in Algus Greenspon Gallery in New York.
“If a country can’t pay, they will take assets they want,” he added.
“I was an army of one, fighting a war by making art,” said Mr. Scalza.
“If you knew my dad, he was a C.E.O., he didn’t wait for things.” Now, Ms. Cunningham Agee sits alone in the empty house she and Mr. Agee shared and stares at a shrine to her late husband set up in front of the fireplace.
tearfully admitted the affair and told her then-husband that Mr. Greitens had photographed and threatened to blackmail her.
So I do my best to avoid frightening him.
The growing use of medical marijuana among veterans is not without risks, though.
The Manhattan store offers an immersive experience: A wall of chocolate bars and bins of wrapped chocolate bonbons leads to the rear lounge, with three walls of flowing chocolate “waterfalls” (glass protects visitors from spatter).
In every case, late notice is no reflection at all on the merits of the exhibitions.
“She felt it was important that someone like that be centered in a narrative,” Jenkins told me.
“The name National Front bears an epic and glorious history that no one must deny,” Ms.
In 2016, the last full year for which the safety association has data, nearly 6,000 pedestrians were killed, 16 percent of the overall traffic toll.
Shortly after she made the allegation, Ms. Monahan called the police and alleged that her computer had been hacked and “that email conversations between her and Ellison have been randomly deleted off of her laptop,” according to the police report.
The Starbucks was closed for prayer.
What are the details of a survey released on Holocaust Remembrance Day?
As a PR stunt, these checks were a savvy investment; they allowed the companies to pander to the administration and made themselves look beneficent without incurring any long-term obligation to their workers.
The Chinese equivalents are better now than they used to be.
The concern over the first lady’s health after a weeklong hospital stay and weeks out of the public eye?
■ And the Stanley Cup playoffs came to their conclusion with, again, no Canadian teams in the final and, for the first time, a victory for the Washington Capitals .
It is a crime to libel or defame foreign leaders and public officials or to insult the president, the flag, the army or other national symbols.
Earlier this year, the Constitution was amended to eliminate term limits , including for the president.
Matt Chapman, who can be an absolute wizard at third, ranged wide to his left to even keep the ball in the infield but could not quite throw out Andujar at first.
I hadn’t checked on the possible side effects.
Her basketball coach, Florence Hagains, described her as a player who phones at night to discuss ways to improve, eagerly credits her teammates and encourages the uncertain eighth-grader on Springside Chestnut Hill’s varsity roster.
With names like Spider Jumpstrike and Spider Circuit , the studio’s classes are high-intensity blends of cardio and strength building.
At one point, when she was away from home, she wrote in a letter, “The greatest personal privation I have had to endure has been the want of either Patience or Phoebe — tell them I am never, if life is spared us, to be without both of them again.” “What must it have felt like for Patience and Phoebe?” Smith thought.
Regardless of the particulars of these ’13s, the question comes up: What priority should consumers place on vintages?
It is 70, not 71.
Tens of thousands have died in the country, the world’s youngest and among the least developed.
But her minders may be less than enthusiastic about one feature of the Tussauds exhibit: an interactive display that allows patrons to write Twitter messages to be sent from an account called @MTMelaniaMoment .
He holds rallies with them.
Revenue held up as well, according to the announcement on Monday, with the bank expecting to report €6.6 billion in sales for the quarter, above the €6.4 billion that analysts had forecast.
In all, Facebook shared data with more than 150 companies, including The Times.
“They couldn’t mess that much with the water act,” he said.
Perhaps these shortcomings will be overtaken with a return to the idea of markets and choice.
“He has his talking points, which have not changed in the last 25 years,” Mr. Kushner said.
She also was fined $82,500 and put on a two-year probation of sorts.
Other ideas: A last burst of recipes for summer tomatoes (ha ha, get it?)
According to the order, Mr. Yousuf called police officers, government officials and other local journalists before he was arrested.
But cultivating an environment that’s actively repellent to everyone except its occupant seems like an option that’s more accessible to men than to women — a decision antithetical to conventionally-agreed-upon feminine objectives.
“Over the past 18 months, we’ve seen audience members march into the ocean in the middle of the night, have their heads locked in a box while music was created from their screams, and get lap dances from naked clowns,” said Dustin Downing, 42, a photographer based in Los Angeles, who, after witnessing a Heretic customer subject herself to her own murder in order to “feel alive, ” was inspired to begin filming Heretic’s antics, with plans of turning the footage into a documentary.
“While many markets are becoming more like Japan, I think the culture here is still very unique and special, so many products that are born here will stay here.” The term chu-hi is an Japanese amalgamation of the words “ highball ,” a mixed drink, and “ Shochu ,” a spirit that can be distilled from rice barley, sweet potatoes and other ingredients.
“Move on,” she has said more than once.
As she arrived, the choir, almost 80 strong, was already practicing a song especially for Burns’s arrival: a doo-wop cover of Billy Bragg’s Milkman of Human Kindness , about a rather different milkman to her book’s title character (“I am the milkman of human kindness, I will leave an extra pint,” the chorus goes).
Once again, his timing is sharp: The fall midterm campaign saw Trump tell a Houston rally, “You know what I am?
One is a “Paper Moon”-style comedy set in wartime England called “Crooked Heart,” based on a book by Lissa Evans.
Here’s what you need to know: • Shinzo Abe isn’t taking any chances.
Ross had 137 receiving yards in the first half.
This highlights a problem that Lilliana Mason, a University of Maryland political scientist, said had left American democracy dangerously vulnerable.
“But Kansas City still has a long way to go to achieve the density that supports transit, urban retail and major corporations, and there will be pressure to use incentives until we get there.”
And even if my husband dies, we can live a better life.’” On a recent early morning at the collective, the sambaza had just been delivered from the night fisherwomen.
“Ray Meets Helen” is his 22nd film (the first since 2003’s “The Secret Lives of Dentists” ), and his sixth with the actor Keith Carradine.
But his work space is near mine, and he has a habit of taking personal and medical phone calls about intimate issues on his office phone in an open office layout.
… I write prose with a poet’s head.” This is an apt description of Rowan Ricardo Phillips ’s book on the 2017 A.T.P.
Now she’s back with a premiere that looks at her deep history with the institution and the dance community.
Nearly a third of Australia’s aid budget is now set aside for the Pacific — a region of nearly two dozen countries and territories with around 11 million people spread across more than 20,000 islands.
Mr. de Blasio was conspicuously absent Monday as Mr. Cuomo signed the order on a crowded indoor basketball court in the Johnson Houses in East Harlem, flanked by other city officials who have criticized the mayor’s management of Nycha.
He started with a giant video of an American flag behind him and, around him, a formation of marching soldiers in camouflage and ski masks, as he rapped about poverty and revenge in “XXX.” He was briefly joined by the song’s hook donors, Bono and the Edge from U2.
“Any police official that says we’re going to try to push it down another 50 next year has been smoking substances that until rather recently were illegal.” As of Dec. 30, there were 287 homicides in New York, down five from last year.
It was there that Mr. Vanner murdered his live-in girlfriend, whose body was found dismembered under a pile of kitty litter.
The show assembles objects — some prototypes of advanced technology, some so familiar they may seem old-fashioned — and artworks that serve as starting points for imagining possible futures and examining the complexities of modern life.
“The opposite is true,” the statement said.
It sharply rose in popularity among teenagers, catching many parents, schools and investors by surprise.
The gas, gold and copper reserves of Balochistan are among the largest in Asia and account for half of Pakistan’s gas production.
This makes the release of her new box set “Timeless,” which includes four of her old specials along with one new album, a prime opportunity to reassess her role in the comedy canon.
By a 6-to-3 vote, the court ruled that a North Carolina man who pleaded guilty to violating a federal law that bars firearms on the grounds of the United States Capitol may nonetheless challenge the constitutionality of the law on appeal.
Authorized hackers were quickly able to seize control of weapons systems being acquired by the American military in a test of the Pentagon’s digital vulnerabilities, according to a new and blistering government review.
In nine out of ten cases, those who kill journalists are never brought to justice, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
Why am I writing this?
finals appearance and a ninth over all with the measured calm of a man who readily understood that all he had done to get the Cavaliers this far was, or should be, beyond reproach.
Make your pro-Season 2 arguments in the comments, won’t you?
At a shopping mall in Fullerton, a hospital worker named Lynn — who declined to give her surname because she did not want to be identified at work — said she wanted to repudiate Republicans but had not picked an alternative.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion).
Sevastova played most of her winter tennis in the gymnasium in a secondary school where her mother was a teacher.
For months leading to Friday’s vote on whether to lift a constitutional ban on abortion , online ads on the issue became increasingly common from international groups attempting to sway the outcome.
Ellen Church was a licensed pilot and a registered nurse from Iowa.
In the initial days, General Raziq relied on a tight group of loyal border guards to reverse the Taliban’s gains, his often dirty and disheveled men roaming the center of the city providing an odd sight for residents.
warned about half a dozen types of scams.
But they can’t agree on how.
“I think it takes both,” said Ms. Feinstein, who has been a staunch moderate since her days as mayor of San Francisco.
Many of his family members were at the dance party, and his father could be found in his son’s office, playing drums deep into the night.
It ended a 24-year Army career that spanned the entire history of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
On Tuesday, the director of the F.B.I., Christopher A. Wray, contradicted the latest White House timeline , disclosing that the bureau informed the White House on three separate occasions about the status of the background check into Mr. Porter.
Beneath the surface, though, Hue was beginning to boil.
Amiable and voluble, Li speaks with the rhetorical flourish of a man who has told his story often.
But his rehearsed contrition did play a bit more credibly when he wasn’t dressed like the guy who mows your lawn.”
Ms. McCray credited Ms. Chisholm for inspiring a generation of women to seek public office.
He had been taken to a jail in New Jersey that was being used as an immigration detention center and housed other Long Island students, including some from his high school.
The call to abolish ICE remains a largely rhetorical, activist position with questionable feasibility.
Then they hear presentations on new products and priorities, matters of company philosophy, and new “armies” being formed for employees to brainstorm software-based solutions to epidemics like the opioid crisis and maternal morbidity.
It will also allow her to work with President Emmanuel Macron of France on overhauling the European Union in what many consider a crucial year.
When they start eating better, you see an improvement in school performance.” Dr. Amies Oelschlager said that many youngsters “don’t realize their eating disorder can have a long-term impact.
The colors, proportions and subject matters of these late works did not seem to match what Mr. Indiana typically produced, said John Wilmerding, emeritus professor of American art at Princeton University, and a friend of the artist.
: We modeled solutions that are in place, practiced, understood and about which there is peer-reviewed science with respect to impact and robust economic data with respect to cost.
I love that she got all that from her mother.
Outside an exhibition room, Ella Epstein, an eighth grader from the Manhattan Day School, chatted with her friends as she waited her turn.
He hit other high points of his stump speech, repeating his favorite lines about economic inequality and a $15 minimum wage.
1:30 p.m. Rudd doesn’t bother to stop for lunch.
Officials said he and some of the boys had been in the cave before.
The $4.4 billion charge tied to the tax law stems from a requirement that companies move cash from overseas back to the United States and revalue assets that Goldman would have used under the old tax system to reduce its effective tax rate.
They organized pop-up markets, at both Hester Street Fair in Manhattan and the Hudson arts venue Basilica Hudson, where other artists — including the musician and ceramist Emily Ritz ; the artist Christin Ripley , who makes large-scale marbled cushions; the furniture maker Brett Miller ; and the textile artist Margot Becker — also sold their goods.
is popular with voters under 35 who are hungry for change and make up 43 percent of the electorate.
“We want to honor her legacy,” Mr. Elliott said in a separate interview.
“I was starting police academy in September 2014,” Agosta said.
The gallery made its debut at Art Basel Hong Kong last year.
The zestful, bitter voice of the book’s protagonist, Jason T. Fitger, a professor of creative writing at Payne University and frustrated novelist, begs to be read aloud.
We want this to work so you can live your life and be safe and we can stop worrying.’”
“PepsiCo is finding new ways to reach consumers beyond the bottle,” said Ramon Laguarta, Ms. Nooyi’s successor as chief executive.
Here’s What We Can Do.
In one of several flashbacks, David is shown speaking with his dad in the garage.
The owner of the Pflugerville barber shop, Delton Southern, told the Austin American-Statesman that he thought the presence of both victim and perpetrator in his shop was a coincidence.
Three wordless spreads follow, in which Julián imagines frolicking in the ocean with dreamlike sea creatures.
If no one declared a challenge to a dubious play, it was nevertheless added to the “List of Questionable Words” to be looked up at the end of the game, to ensure the “integrity of the language.” We never used a timer, but if a player took too long, he or she would get “dinged,” with a resounding tap of my mother’s pen on her wine glass.
Intrigued, scientists at Vanderbilt University and other institutions thought that this technology would be ideal for tracking mice before and after they started exercising, especially if the technology were used in specialized metabolic-chamber cages that can quantify how much energy an inhabitant is expending throughout the day.
Browse past briefings here .
But when he went on the road over the weekend , Spain issued an arrest warrant and tipped off German police, who arrested Mr. Puigdemont as he was driving through northern Germany.
These statements make it seem as if ABC is invested in doing the right thing.
Two years ago it would have been an unthinkable one.
You can browse them here .
The blackmailer’s aim is simple: He wants to gain a romantic advantage with one of Simon’s female friends, and while Simon is in a sense too smart for this nonsense, he reluctantly complies.
But perhaps the company ought to also make sure there are other avenues for ideas and comments that employees don’t mind putting their name to.
“ Pass Over, ” “ Until the Flood ,” “ Kill Move Paradise ” and “ Scraps ” (still running at the Flea Theater) are just four recent plays among many that channel the fury of places like Chicago and Ferguson and Cleveland into drama.
also said that investigators had found “a possible DNA association” on two of the packages.
But his view of the nominee dimmed after he delivered an aggressive, defiant performance defending himself against Christine Blasey Ford’s accusation of sexual assault.
In an Op-Ed video, she offers commentary while viewing Mr. Savage’s apology to his mega-congregation for what he calls a “sexual incident.” He received a standing ovation.
Ghani Khan, who was finishing a snack with his wife at Aligarh’s lone McDonald’s , said that someone had once stolen 3,300 rupees, what would be about $52 now, from his Paytm account.
“D&D is a game of stories,” write Michael Witwer, Kyle Newman, Jon Peterson and Sam Witwer early in “Dungeons & Dragons Art & Arcana: A Visual History,” before noting it also comprises other things, like characters and ideas.
Separately, Stone tweeted that “it will soon [be] Podesta’s time in a barrel”; seven weeks later, WikiLeaks began releasing emails Russia had hacked from John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman.
Families deemed “eligible” for reunification have been reunited in chaotic scenes.
Each night four students, randomly chosen from a waiting list, are seated and charged about $165 a person, including wine or juice pairings.
Reporter: We begin with breaking news.
If the Vatican doesn’t see a problem with it — and it has given a seal of approval, lending approximately 50 pieces from the Sistine Chapel Sacristy — then should you?
The Goodriches married at the Wythe in May, and dinner for 130 included a pork shoulder dish — in part because “the Swiss chard just popped,” Mrs. Goodrich said.
On Monday, the Fearless Girl did as most New York transplants do after their first year in the city: She moved to more permanent digs, several blocks north, opposite the New York Stock Exchange.
Excerpt from “Old Eagle Eyes” by Yvonne Hollenbeck : He’s got eyes like an eagle for finding new calves that their mamas have hidden all snug; so why can’t he see the mud on his boots that he’s tracking all over my rug?
[ Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt. ]
Things get complicated when Elle begins to blossom, so to speak; several male characters comment on the sudden appearance of certain secondary sexual characteristics.
Ms. Tamimi said of the soldiers’ conduct, “Obviously they saw the cameras and that’s why they were so restrained.” “I didn’t do anything wrong that I should regret,” she added.
Their life in the neighborhood inspired “Barefoot in the Park,” Mr. Simon’s 1963 comedy that catapulted him not only to Broadway fame, but also to Hollywood celebrity when it was turned into a movie a few years later.
The town’s developer, Mr. Hammerand learned, had installed the camera on a cellphone tower atop a church in the town’s center to monitor the progress of the community’s construction.
In your opinion, is the song problematic?
She was 18 and a performer.
And he would not have traded Lee to Seattle the same day he traded for Halladay in December 2009.
The Swedish company made major U.S. inroads starting in the 90s, when its hallmark pictorial directions and tiny assembly tools were the setup for countless couple and roommate arguments.
“Some people give their time and resources to causes and candidates for the right reasons, some don’t,” Mr. Merrill, Ms. Clinton’s spokesman, said.
He graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder, where he also received a master’s degree in organizational communication.
In the team’s second preseason game, Lynch was booed by the home fans after taking two sacks and completing just five passes.
But the moves to halt the court before it has even begun hearings have infuriated Kosovo’s Western backers.
I also assume it was a one-off, and he doesn’t inject divorce-specific standup material into every meeting.
Another entry suggested Christian Toro’s arrest on the rape charges was a small hurdle.
He helped lead a powerful lobbying group with a not-so-hidden agenda: bring back booze, and make income taxes unnecessary with renewed levies on legal alcohol.
Serena Williams’s personal life and priorities have certainly changed in the past 16 months, but she was not going to bid adieu to the French Open without a fight.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion).
Mr. Grau noted that the full stud fee was payable once the foal could stand and nurse, which can be as quick as 15 minutes after it’s born.
Nissan’s investigation found that the underreporting had occurred when some of the compensation, though committed, was deferred and not reported in securities filings.
No one was complaining about the opportunity to hear better there.
But the efforts did not save the terminals, dubbed “the crack cocaine of gambling” by one lawmaker.
If it did, the patient and the patient’s doctor were informed.
“We always wanted to have a global Nations League, and we always will support an idea like that, or a proposal as we have made to FIFA, which is to do the World Cup every two years and not every four.
Mr. Lugovoi later became a member of Parliament, giving him immunity from prosecution at home.
“It is unclear whether the Department’s involvement in the tax legislating process in 2017 has been any more or less ‘political’ than it has been in past years,” Rich Delmar, the counsel to the inspector general, wrote in a report outlining its findings.
The lissome, molded plywood shells of his and his wife Ray Eames’s lounges, partly rooted in Ray’s studies of abstraction in painting, evoke the visual space where design gives way to sculpture.
[ New York Times ] • Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, once seen as a source of pride for the New York region, is now seen by some of its neighbors as a noisy nuisance.
The hunger for these types of stories is powerful.
Among its many activities, “Waterfront” invites children to build a city from magnets; dress up like the female Brooklyn Navy Yard welders from World War II; touch and smell goods from the mercantile trade; and, using technology, make brief films in which they insert themselves into historical scenes.
On his three-pointers, he hit 41 percent — exceptional under any circumstance.
This is where you expect the story to take a familiar turn: A smart Muslim kid from a rough neighborhood in the West, sent back to the motherland in an attempt to strengthen his roots, instead becomes disillusioned and lost between two identities before he finds solace and purpose in religious fundamentalism and jihad.
She is the daughter of Deborah Feingold of New York and Raymond M. Brown of East Hampton, N.Y.
Snappy, alliterative, essentially true — President Trump had coined another one.
After shrugging off the interest shown in her by Ash, a very sleek synthetic, Zoe wonders why her compatibility test with Cole came up with zero chance for a successful relationship.
An earlier jolt came with the death of Mr. Zuniga, who on Jan. 7 picked up the grenade, which the police believe had been thrown by members of a local gang targeting a rival gang or police officers.
As an experienced deepfake creator, Derpfakes had a more intuitive sense of which source videos would produce a clean result, and more experience with the subtle blending and tweaking that takes place at the end of the deepfake process.
We’re good at emergency exfils .
Six months after a White House physician told reporters that President Trump had aced a well-regarded test of cognitive impairment , a group of doctors is warning that the exam may have been compromised by the resulting news coverage, which revealed some of its questions.
Singapore is costly: for the fifth year running, it’s the most expensive city in the world according to an annual survey by the Economist.
A waiter, Amine Belkacem, 50, who was serving diners in a Moroccan restaurant, said he saw young people running away from the scene.
• Firefox is back with a vengeance .
At the S.C.L.C., he devised a structured fund-raising strategy and organized numerous protests, including a series of anti-segregation boycotts and demonstrations in Birmingham, Ala., that came to be known as Project C. The C stood for “confrontation,” and the project is regarded as the blueprint for the civil rights movement’s success in the South.
That’s what it feels like to him when the urge to write strikes, like an almost supernatural possession, Mr. Adjei-Brenyah said.
As the young man has a seizure in the street, the officers handcuff him rather than offer first aid.
It’s still there in all of its ugliness, but now it’s called the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service and its plaza is filled with security officers and their apparatus.
Prolonged illness (Machado was epileptic), and the near loss of his sight, snapped him to attention.
French law allows civil servants to work for private companies for a limited number of years before returning to public administration.
After last year’s stark exhibition of Rei Kawakubo’s irregular apparel , the Met Costume Institute is back in blockbuster mode with this three-part blowout on the influence of Catholicism on haute couture of the past century.
Despite the hardships endured by the characters, nearly every shot seems dappled with nostalgia.
But when Ronald Egana showed up at the criminal courthouse in New Orleans, he was surprised to find that his bondsman wanted to stop him.
Such a return might seem particularly attractive to investors who believe the stock market is expensive and is vulnerable to a sell-off.
There were a lot of tears, which we tried to hide from her.
“You feel like you’re getting the opportunity of seeing something fresh, being a part of something new, which I think all audiences want to experience regardless of whether they are of African descent or not.” [ ALSO READ: Wakanda is a Fake Country, but the African Language in Black Panther is Real ] But no one quite knew how “Black Panther” would perform overseas.
Just after Thanksgiving, the very week the Trump administration communicated its readiness to discuss the prisoner issue, Iranian state television aired a sinister video about Xiyue Wang.
Many researchers have since copied the quiz app method, including Mr. Kogan.
But every one “will be in high demand when they graduate,” he added.
Antes de que suenen las campanas del Año Nuevo, una última sugerencia: nos sentimos mejor cuando mostramos nuestro agradecimiento, así que date gracias a ti mismo por tus logros en el 2018 y agradece a quienes que te rodean y te alientan.
Ireland, Britain and the European Union all support keeping it that way, but it is unclear how to do so if Britain is to have its own trade, customs and immigration rules.
Both restaurants are also selling viennoiseries like croissants and pains au chocolat: Boulangerie V, Vaucluse, 100 East 63rd Street, breads to order two days in advance from shop.altamareagroup.com , for pickup at the restaurant from noon to 9 p.m. daily.
About Atwood, she declares: “Not since Edith Wharton has a female writer filled her oeuvre with so many unpleasant female characters.” She refers to Gertrude Stein as the “literary love child of William James and Tweedledee.” Had she wanted, Moore could have had an important career as a theater or television critic.
Russian state news media said on Thursday that Syria found two unexploded cruise missiles after the strikes and has handed them over to Russian officials.
The State Department’s role in North Korea dwindled after Mr. Trump publicly split with Mr. Tillerson over his efforts to open a diplomatic channel to the North, initially to obtain the release of the three Americans but also to set the stage for a broader negotiation.
The bureau, too, has adjusted.
One of the social-media savvy stars of the progressive news outlet the Young Turks, Hasan Piker, posed for pictures.
“Although they weren’t making noise, we all tried to keep faith and pray that they were still alive.” At least three infants were among the 42 people who died in the high winds and heavy rains as the hurricane moved into the region.
The analysis relied on data from more than 180,000 people who participated in the American Time Use Survey, a questionnaire conducted by the Census Bureau about the activities that comprise each respondent’s day.
You want to get personal, let’s do it.
users do to communicate in a way the hearing world deems acceptable.
Finally, the rain pouring down, soaking him through, Ferguson spoke.
“The question is, does it need to be geographical?” Though he doesn’t look the part, Haid spent much of his life in the hospitality business.
Our Washington correspondent’s analysis: Mr. Trump’s allies are trying to shift the focus away from Russian election interference , and portray the actions of investigators as the real scandal.
Come take a look at “Blue Silk Stocking.” Bearden uses light so very naturally, the way sunlight comes through a window and from the lantern on the table.
A strong cold front could cause rain and wind anywhere along the Eastern Seaboard, from the Florida Panhandle all the way up to Maine, said Tim Loftus, a data scientist and meteorologist at AccuWeather.
“That was not and would never be my intention.
Another significant factor may be behind the crash.
Then, think of one instance in your life when knowing the exact measurement of something really mattered.
The first version, sent via MP3, got a polite, “No, thank you.” Prince Harry and Ms. Markle wanted it stripped down and less syncopated, Ms. Gibson said.
“I must have been wearing a magic cap of invisibility because the plainclothes men did not notice me,” she wrote, adding that as she roamed the streets that night, “people stared at me as if I was a ghost from another time.” Under cover of darkness Mrs. Koditschek met Aunt Sylvia, and they returned to her home, rushing inside, she said in a letter, “when the coast was all clear.” For the next two years she lived a clandestine life there, sleeping on a makeshift bed and hiding whenever the doorbell rang.
The bridge, renovated in the 1970s, was an emblem of local pride and progress.
That potentially leaves Mr. Espy the lead vote-getter heading into a runoff on Nov. 27 that could tip the balance of the Senate — and will almost certainly consume the attention of the political world.
• Today, you can catch Selena for Sanctuary , an evening of Latin music inspired by Selena.
The best known of Ms. Hart’s projects was “Free to Be … You and Me,” which started as a record and book in 1972 and, fueled by their runaway success, was turned into an ABC television special in 1974.
In the first act, Musidorus stumbles upon a set of skeletons, which are accompanied by the written warning that “These sad remains are of our theater troupe, starved for lack of serious message.” No such criticism could be applied to “Head Over Heels.” But its audience might leave the theater less hungry if this oddly earnest show could really kick up its heels and let the message take care of itself.
That treatment is not easy.
“I think they should have apologized before someone got upset,” she said.
These walks, and the pair’s apparent closeness, make me a little hesitant in giving an honest performance appraisal of this worker who I am supposed to manage.
We were mostly white and ranged in age from 29 to 52.
Global momentum has built in recent months to ban plastic straws and replace them with biodegradable ones, in part thanks to numerous social media campaigns using hashtags like #StrawsSuck and #TheLastStraw.
“This will require a very significant investment, and makes it impossible for us to reopen tourism this year.” The impact of the park’s closure has hit the local Congolese tourism economy hard.
The store is one of the few general pen shops that has survived, because it has the Wall Street crowd’s business.
Instead, as it faces ejection from its home, they believe there is a risk it may fall into decay, or even cease to exist.
Unlike Mr. Crowley in his race, Mr. Capuano did not avoid debating his opponent .
Poland’s economy continues to boom.
The legislation expands job training and other programs aimed at reducing recidivism among federal prisoners.
But emotions and resistance are running hot, particularly in Australia, where serial success in Davis Cup once played a role in raising remote country’s international profile.
“But my dream is American.”
The equestrian community this week was also at a loss for what to make of the amount of money that the Andrades had amassed.
and, should you need one, a guide that speaks multiple languages.
The night, you think, could go anywhere.
In an interview, Mr. Crowley declined to rule out taking on Ms. Pelosi.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
For years, activists in Minnesota have protested police shootings, including many high-profile cases in which black men were killed.
Next week, though, the president will hold rallies in Florida and Pennsylvania, a sign he is beginning to aim for battleground states.
“ One thing about the dresses is that they are very fragile, and the best thing you can do to take care of them is to keep them stored in a cool, dark place,” Ms. Bredhoff said.
• 5 cheap(ish) things for a long commute .
Both times, she said she looked toward oncoming traffic before crossing.
wtfestival.org ; berkshiretheatregroup.org ; barringtonstageco.org ; shakespeare.org ; chestertheatre.or g CHARLESTON, S.C., MAY 25-JUNE 10 “The Flying Lovers of Vitebsk,” an imaginative and romantic play by Daniel Jamieson, inspired by the work of the painter Marc Chagall, comes to Charleston this year after an award-winning premiere at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2017.
“You need to pass his agenda.
And Dr. Blasey is far from alone in describing Judge Kavanaugh and Mr. Judge as heavy drinkers; several of Judge Kavanaugh’s college classmates have said the same.
Much is still unknown about the so-called Crispr babies.
There, he was part of a community where rappers, poets, improvisers and other artists played together in an intergenerational network.
All it does is continue.
There’s a chance here — an excellent one — to establish a check on the president’s worst impulses and a limit to the harm he’s doing.
“The interest in this film is incredibly high,” said Paul Dergarabedian, a senior box office analyst at comScore.
“In some cases, only the upper bodies of the kids were found,” he said.
The Justice Department had sued to stop the blockbuster deal in November , arguing that a union of the two companies would harm consumers and weaken competition.
But with his latest book, a graphic memoir, Mr. Krosoczka, 40, has mined his childhood to tell a story that is very much relevant today amid the opioid epidemic plaguing the country.
Our guide to new art shows and some that will be closing soon.
Gaining a sense of trust, you bare your soul, describing the issue you are struggling with in all of its painful detail.
In his view, the bank needs to reward staff, Wall Street-style, for devising innovative financial solutions.
Danielle Brown, 37, a stylist, said she picked up the sport during her divorce and usually plays at an East Side Equinox.
Ukraine had 4,767 cases of measles in 2017.
He draws on older traditions as well as bebop: call and response, gospel, New Orleans, Chicago.
It’s worthwhile remembering that you are not merely a photographer.
Rather, the more responsibility you have in the job, the more interests you have to have — education, family, politics, sociology, psychology and so on.” Mr. Maucher’s reputation as a turnaround wizard who could revive flagging parts of Nestlé’s businesses landed him the position of chief executive in 1981.
The biggest media takeover since AOL bought Time Warner closed yesterday .
White (1918-79) had the hand of an angel and the mind of a sage.
The door is therefore open to gallinaceous puns.
• No permitas que las chicas dejen de tomar riesgos.
It’s incredible that you’ve done this because — it’s one thing, I’ve been so blessed with the “Rocky” situation and playing that character.
The writer is chief executive of the Tahirih Justice Center.
But it made his cause clear: “Pollution ravages our planet,” he wrote.
Do you have a reader in your mind when you write?
Cheese that has been produced the same way for thousands of years.
Are you all in on Instagram?
[ The New York Times ] • “Humane” job-training centers: That’s how China is describing its network of indoctrination camps in which hundreds of thousands of Muslims have been detained.
With this week’s episode, “The Alienist” has reached the halfway mark of the season.
But those cities are surrounded by mostly rural counties that are ardently conservative.
In doing so, he made a number of false or misleading claims, including some The New York Times has previously checked.
Accountability should never just be about numbers.
The organ meats are beautifully handled.
Users with military or law enforcement backgrounds will be allowed to post photos of themselves carrying firearms while in uniform.
My sister, Becka, is terrified, and we will go together.
She described years of severe depression, sleeplessness and other issues.
They acted as fixers for multinational companies, like the German software giant SAP, which paid them kickbacks in return for government business, documents show.
It makes the collections, pretty as they can be, lack a certain currency.
How did Republican lawmakers deal with losing their power?
Its tagline: “Pleased to Eat You.” [ Our critic thought “The Meg” was no “Sharknado.” Read her review . ]
The method was so effective that Google began applying the technique to other parts of the project, including prediction and planning.
“So wouldn’t putting those decision makers even closer to the political body only exacerbate the problem that you’re complaining of?” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy echoed the point.
Instead, much has gone wrong.
Le Guin always considered herself a feminist, even when genre conventions led her to center her books on male heroes.
Only 230 men survived the sinking of the Dorchester, making it one of the worst naval tragedies for the Americans in World War II.
AfriCobra artists’ work had a following, but it never received the kind of widespread attention it has garnered in recent years.
If the first lady really wants people to focus on what she does instead of what she wears, she can do what Hillary Clinton did in her time as a candidate and adopt a uniform to effectively bore people into silence .
As the autistic author Naoki Higashida writes , “I can’t believe that anyone born as a human being really wants to be left all on their own, not really,” adding, “The truth is, we’d love to be with other people.” So why do autistic people act in ways that make it appear they want to be left alone?
In this novel, like his last one, Gessen writes with special feeling about the flyspecked romance of being young, idealistic, frugal and needing to scrounge for a decent meal.
As Cuba goes through this momentous transition — the government is planning to make the announcement Wednesday or Thursday — Cuban-American relations are at a low point.
Mr. Hammer does seem like he’s out of his depth when you put it that way, even though a couple of those performances are mostly full of hot air or gimmickry or both.
When you look at a category like ours, it helps us imagine a world where all the categories look like this one.” Still, one of Hollywood’s most aggressive advocates for diversity, Ava DuVernay, praised the 90th Oscars as an important marker of change.
The three men have not been charged with any crimes, those familiar with the cases said.
One of the things I heard growing up was, ‘Mr.
She factually rejects the interviewer’s attempt to misrepresent Mr. Trump’s position on a number of issues, and she is not afraid to do so.
In the remote Western Australian fishing town he calls home, Tim Winton, one of this country’s most talented writers, says many residents for years assumed he was selling weed.
Race Stories is a continuing exploration of the relationship between race and photographic depictions of race by Maurice Berger.
“The administration seems to be shedding its Paris climate supporters.” A State Department spokesman said the agency will continue to manage United States policy in the international climate negotiations.
I won’t reveal what lands her in jail, except to say she’s guilty but that there are extenuating circumstances ignored by her hapless, fumbling public defender.
He did not play the second half.
The Women’s Philanthropy Institute found a spike in women’s donations to “progressive” charities such as the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Immigration Law Center in the week after the 2016 election; women donated six times as much as men to such groups in that week.
But at least one possibility they can consider as a result of the concurring opinion of Justices Kagan and Breyer is that so long as careful and respectful consideration of all sides is given, state and local bodies may do what Colorado did here — ruling against a baker like Mr. Phillips — without running afoul of the Constitution.
But the risk is not evenly shared: Poor and minority populations are more often exposed.
Some Chinese even took the opportunity to boast.
Chris Clarey: Big turnout here in Kazan from the Aussie fans, most of whom have come a long way.
Messages and memes have circulated on Liberian Facebook groups and social media.
Still, old habits can be hard to break.
No mention of the massacre occurred in the Soviet press or in any other public forum in 1968 or in later years.
One, who offered only her first name, Anna, said that she and her children sold wildflower bouquets.
A gun control advocacy group, Moms Demand Action, said it had been so overwhelmed with requests from students that it was setting up a parallel, student focused advocacy group.
All of North Korea’s concessions were unthinkable less than a year ago.
Ms. Ruf’s departure came as a surprise to the contemporary art world, in which she is regarded as a leading figure.
Whatever combination of factors and mentors formed Paul Ryan, this skill set would seem to suit his current predicament.
Mr. Anglin’s last known address was in Ohio, but his whereabouts have been unknown for nearly two years.
Mr. Alexander, recognized for his vintage inspiration and progressive details, also did minimal alterations.
But supporters of CNN, including news organizations like The Associated Press, Fox News and The New York Times, said stripping a correspondent’s credentials entered the realm of retaliation and posed a threat to basic press freedoms.
“I am not delusional enough to think that they all are there to work out with me,” Ms. Kibby said.
The other was an economic appeal, aimed at working-class voters hit hard by de-industrialization who found the existing Republican agenda too libertarian.
It was writing dozens of little checks, deciding at the kitchen table what to give.
Almost a year ago, Torres was with her family in Puerto Rico as Hurricane Maria struck .
Sometimes you go into shops and pretend you’re English.
At the time of his death, Specialist Slape, 23, of Morehead City, N.C., was the eighth American to die in Afghanistan in 2018.
If Trump administration officials refuse to comply with subpoenas, Democrats could vote to hold them in contempt of Congress.
They chose not to attack the mayor or others for having received campaign donations from the yellow-cab industry.
He wasn’t allowed to talk about other victims.
President Moon Jae-in of South Korea arrived in North Korea today for his third summit meeting with Kim Jong-un, the North’s leader.
And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com .
” holiday special this weekend, and let me tell you, I have never clicked on anything faster.
“We’re throwing a lot of things at the wall right now and seeing what will stick,” said Andrew Young, knowledge director at New York University’s GovLab.
Teatr.doc made speaking out its mission.
In a statement emailed through a media adviser, Rakhimov said: “ I have never been involved in any transnational criminal organizations or any other criminal activities.
It’s my fault, my bad.” Ms. Vargas thanked Mr. Cheng for “accepting that I’m the worst cook in the universe and for taking over the cooking in our house.” About an hour later, with dynamic dance music in the background, the newly married couple made a grand entrance to the reception, which was also held at City Hall.
The bride, 28, and the groom, 30, met at Harvard, where she received a medical degree and he graduated, magna cum laude, and received a doctoral degree in biophysics.
Remember that earlier this month, Celgene agreed to pay up to $7 billion for Impact Biomedicines, which also makes a treatment for a kind of blood cancer.
On occasion I asked why they lent their technology to the government for surveillance, or what they thought the social impact might be from the videos, games and endless feeds of mind-numbing information they send to the public.
Shawn René Graham’s script is problematic, too, whittling away at both the depth and number of characters.
“Black and brown people are the No.
The cracking was on the north end of the span but the company did not consider it a safety concern, according to a recording of the message released by the Transportation Department.
Often, ceramic is limited to components such as Rolex’s Cerachrom bezel, or the white and gray ceramic case options in the third series of the Apple Watch Edition (from $1,299).
Scarcity heightens differences: During a drought, the effect of cropmarks deepens until they become parch marks.
Among Donald Trump’s most crucial backers during his presidential campaign was a longtime friend, the investor Tom Barrack.
“There was such disgust from Nixon and the lack of ethics, and he ran counter to that, to the imperial president in style and Watergate in substance.
Similar investigations, using detailed analyses of open-source data, have been conducted into the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government and the killing of a Venezuelan activist.
They have backgrounds that make sense to voters or temperaments that feel right to them.
Today, though, the remnants of these traditions can be seen in the Modernist buildings that still stand in major cities, including Tokyo’s International House of Japan , one of the country’s most famous hotels, designed in 1952 by Japanese acolytes of Le Corbusier, which makes use of shoji screens.
After his shop was destroyed, my father had decided not to return.
The Times reported the incorrect information in an article published online on Thursday.
He wanted money to study grass-roots democracy and how nations transition from dictatorships to democracies.
If the law is against you, argue the facts.
Moon immediately before the start of the Olympics, Mr. Abe reiterated Japan’s position that the 2015 agreement should be “final and irreversible.” But it was the presence of North Korea that has threatened to open the biggest gap between Japan and the South.
and envoy to China — brought to that fraught diplomatic moment.
When crimes are prosecuted, fewer than 1 in 20 lead to a conviction , according to United States estimates.
I want the collection to thrive and for everyone to have the opportunity to immerse themselves in Henry Clay Frick’s world.
In a phone conversation this week, Gores described himself as “a little boy from Flint” who, in adulthood, presides over a basketball franchise that is “not winning enough yet.” “We all have an edge,” Gores said, referring to himself, Griffin and Casey, who was fired in Toronto in May despite a 59-win season that earned him separate N.B.A.
But choosing the right ones is about more than just having enough light.
Mr. Figari proceeded to burn him, he said.
I use my Wacom tablet whenever I need to create colorful portraitures of C.E.O.s.
Here, lifters get stretched out horizontally not just by pushing heavy weights and ingesting supplements of varying legal statuses, but also through their own reflections on the walls.
It was not what people are used to in Panama City, a place that has not seen a storm this ugly in a long time.
You have nations watching.” That was just one of the many shocked reactions after President Trump said he did not want immigrants from “shithole” countries.
Here’s more from this week’s Food section .
For women like Shamila, a 39-year-old police sergeant and single mother, joining the police force was an act of defiance after escaping from her violent Taliban husband, who forcefully married and raped her as a child.
After the federal government allowed Southern white violence to overwhelm Reconstruction, the justices allowed segregation in Plessy v. Ferguson , and, in Korematsu v. United States , the imprisonment of American citizens solely for their Japanese ancestry.
• Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan signs a free-trade agreement with the E.U.
The withdrawal of U.S. troops from Syria could trigger a scramble between Turkey, the Kurds, the Syrian government, Russia and Iran for control of the country’s east, our Middle East correspondent writes .
On the ground floor, there is a simple piano bar with black vinyl seating that was purchased from a former diner.
The toll here does not generally include claims of insurgents killed by the government, because of the difficulty of verifying such claims.
One day when I was waiting for the No.
They could do better at encouraging and arranging something that they already promote and that savvy students already embrace, which is the considered, concerted use of research projects, extracurricular activities, part-time employment, internships and networking to set up first jobs.
Mr. Vasquez is one of about 200 Mister Softee drivers who roam the city, dispensing the sweet, industrially engineered flavors of summer to a jangling soundtrack.
“When I was younger, thinking about whether I wanted children, I always came back to this formula,” the narrator reflects.
Gorton did not delve into Vigneault’s future on Thursday.
Zach Denes, the manager of Hatchet Outdoor Supply Company on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn, said he believes the New York City camping bug is spreading thanks to President Trump’s stance on national parks , his push for more mining and drilling and concessions to polluting corporations.
“Next play” is his mantra.
“I would find it far more difficult, indeed I would find it alarming, to believe that Congress wrote these statutory words in order to put thousands of individuals at risk of lengthy confinement all within the United States but all without hope of bail.” Mr. Arulanantham, the A.C.L.U.
Then he got in a Tesla Model S and drove himself to the airport.
O’Hara’s death in 1966 started one of Mr. Leslie’s best-known and long-running series, “The Killing Cycle.” His toggling among movies, painting and the downtown scene mirrored Andy Warhol, who was just one year younger.
They are screening posts for racism and even clamping down on memes referring to “gweilo,” a Cantonese slur for white people.
On the Israeli side of the fence, a field was set alight, apparently by one of the Palestinian kites.
The 2008 Obama, of course, ran against the financial crisis occurring on George W. Bush’s watch.
To be sure, efforts to invest and develop smart gun initiatives have long been troubled.
Mr. Khashoggi, a critic of the Saudi government who wrote for The Washington Post and lived in Virginia, was killed last month in the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul by what the Turkish government has described as a kill team dispatched from Riyadh, the Saudi capital.
She had been shot twice.
“I can’t really imagine anything cuter,” Ms. Huisman said.
“The agency tends to promote — I think that it should — individuals who want to protect the rights of employees.
Other providers have tried to use Joseph’s model, but she isn’t sure if they are applying it faithfully enough to produce the same results.
To the Editor: I appreciated Robert Leonard’s framing the gun-violence issue from a small-town perspective.
The planet may have as many as two billion more people.
According to intelligence, he had nothing to look for there at the time.
In its seventh decade, the club still hosts live music, and is the finish for the Magical Mystery Tour.
Could we, together, vanquish Canada?
Challenge coin traditions have climbed to the highest ranks of the military.
The unlikable Veda in “Mildred Pierce” (1945) seems born to defy her self-sacrificing mother.
When Under Armour’s chief executive, Kevin Plank, offered light praise to the president in early 2017, he ignited a firestorm that drew threats of a boycott of the company’s products as well as sharp criticism, notably from the N.B.A.
The footage of his “Dangerous” tour in newly post-Ceausescu Romania, on display in an eerie loop, provides hallucinatory testament to his outrageous global reach.
“But his was a voice that carried unparalleled credibility with his peers in government.” In 2011, Mr. Sheehan was named an assistant secretary of defense overseeing Special Operations forces and military drone policy worldwide.
“How, specifically, do you support women,” she asks, “besides being vaguely personally effeminate?” And they’re both rude to the waiter.
Mr. Trump said nothing ever came of those efforts.
The Kurds, known as the People’s Protection Units, dominate the Syrian Democratic Forces, an umbrella organization that receives American training, weapons and air support.
I wanted to say to her, “I hope you understand I’m playing a character.
Something to monitor, though, is how Mayfield’s teammates are responding to him.
A brief hiatus, a tweak of the name and a new menu establishes that JJ Johnson, the former executive chef at the Cecil and Minton’s Playhouse, is now in charge of the kitchen.
In the last two games, he has added two home runs and six R.B.I., and his grand slam off Blue Jays starter Ryan Borucki was his second in five weeks; he hit one in the Yankees’ 9-0 victory over the Orioles in Baltimore on July 11.
In 2015 my husband died from cancer at 35.
“We condemn the appalling deadly violence in Gaza yesterday,” Rupert Colville, spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein, told reporters.
Nets at Bucks, 8 p.m. (YES).
Ms. Karuti — who last year started “ I’ve Been Working on Some MAGIC ,” an online platform engaging Nairobi artists in collective curatorial projects and writing — agreed.
On Northern Ireland, Mrs. May is determined to avoid an internal border that splits the United Kingdom into different economic zones.
A son and grandson of four-star admirals who were his larger-than-life heroes, Mr. McCain carried his renowned name into battle and into political fights for more than a half-century.
(The Supreme Court affirmed, in a landmark judgment, that privacy was a fundamental right under the Constitution last year.)
I titled this picture “Locker Room Talk” because it contrasts the meaning that it has in our day and age.
But there is a horse connection.
From his wheelhouse, he glanced back at passengers lounging on powder blue benches on the Belle’s upper deck.
There is no name to describe us and fit each aspect of our diverse and unique generation.
But most important, do all of this in the name of saving democracy.
An organization called Reclaim Appalachia has set out to convert old mining sites into farms and solar-panel fields.
“I thought it was important to show scars and the collateral damage of what shootings leave with people,” Ms. Shorr said.
“The power tool apparently skips a generation,” Duquette said, adding that concerns about work ethic also held back Acuna Sr. “We didn’t want to reward a guy by sending him to Triple-A when he wasn’t working hard,” he said.
Ms. Smith describes her process of writing art criticism as one involving a complicated relationship between her own personal reactions, interests and opinions, her and her editors’ satisfaction with her writing, and a tangential awareness of the power and authority she wields as an art critic for The Times, a role she began in 1986.
I got into minutiae.” He and Ms. Liberman led forays to gather edible plants for suppers of acorn burgers, pokeweed shoots and Juneberry pies.
Amazon employees later sent a letter to Jeff Bezos, the company’s chief executive, with similar demands.
They were also likely to agree that “blacks should work their way up without special favors.” To be sure, women of color aren’t inherently less sexist or even without their own racial biases.
In “ One Good Meal ,” we ask cooking-inclined creative people to share the story behind a favorite dish they actually make and eat at home on a regular basis — and not just when they’re trying to impress.
“It never happened before,” she said of the offer, “and it never happened since.” On Monday, Kenji Yoshino , a law professor at N.Y.U., asked about a recent study that showed that female justices are interrupted more often than male ones.
“You’re building that rapport with someone who has walked the same walk and been successful,” said Nicole Sullivan, the re-entry director for the North Carolina Department of Public Safety.
J.P. As Kenny Chesney sings about the urge to explore uncharted wildernesses in “Ends of the Earth,” from his new album, “Songs for the Saints,” the music gives him heroic, wide-open spaces.
And they’re just two of the many parrots in the world who have surprised us with their intelligence, skills and longevity .
Around that time, he was strolling past where the UpStairs Lounge had been when he saw a sidewalk plaque referencing the tragedy and fell “down the rabbit hole”, as he put it, obsessing over the topic.
From a pure basketball point, what she can do, the way she plays, her ability to score, her ability to pass.
“But it’s important that you come in.
But that was about the extent of the comity; just days after members of the Senate had gathered together in a bipartisan show of civility at the funeral of Senator John McCain , the crowded hearing room in the Hart Senate Office Building seethed with antipathy.
Besides, their problems run deeper than shortstop.
“The dense bush makes it difficult and dangerous to be on foot as well as unlikely to encounter poachable animals,” Dr. Kerley said.
The Saudi ambassador to the United States has denied any Saudi involvement in the journalist’s plight.
For all its decadent touches — slightly garish, Day-Glo costumes in the party scenes (designed by Susan Hilferty); steamy ballet dancers who perform for the guests at Flora’s party — Mr. Mayer’s production is essentially a traditional staging set in the mid-19th century.
“I was in my bunk,” Seaman Douglas B. Potts, a 31-year-old oiler, told The New York Times the next day.
As part of that effort, Hamas has been tightening control along its border with the Egyptian Sinai in recent months, constructing a buffer and installing cameras and barbed wire.
“Given the virgin territory of the refuge, with the unique wildlife dependency issues, I don’t know how you do this in an artificially fast and truncated fashion.” Mr. Zinke’s Alaska-friendly appointees, who have long pushed for oil exploration in the coastal plain, say the fears are overstated.
I ripped through the packaging and charged the motor for a few minutes, then prepared for takeoff.
“Before I answer this question, let me pause and think what I’ve agreed to with other papers,” he said, before beginning to draft a statement out loud.
“Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook,” Mr. Trump wrote in one of his morning tweets.
“It doesn’t really matter which way the wind blows because you’ll get smoke from some fire or another,” said Jamie Arno of the Sacramento Metropolitan Air Quality Management District.
She was especially amazed to learn how Justice Sotomayor found a haven in books after her father’s death.
“I felt like I was in some type of dream,” he said in a phone interview from a Red Lobster restaurant, where he was surrounded by friends, relatives and lawyers, and about to eat lobster for the first time.
This was a sacred place and I was fortunate to be sharing it for the first time with my family.
When Mr. Pence and Mr.
The Chippendale sofa “tied in beautifully with the lavish blue and bronze patterned 18th-century Axminster rug,” said Hello, a glossy British magazine focused on celebrity and royal gossip.
“ The Overstory ,” by Richard Powers.
The recount story hits many of the president’s sore spots, including his frequent insistence that his political opponents cheat against him and his unproved belief that American elections are tainted with illegal voting, especially by undocumented immigrants.
During an interview in Mr. Allred’s suburban Dallas hometown — a district that is 48 percent white and 26 percent Hispanic — he said he has sidestepped some issues on the campaign trail in order to avoid being deemed “too black.” “There’s some topics I have to talk about differently, and there’s some subjects where I’m probably not going to be the one to lead on the issue,” Mr. Allred said, declining to be more specific.
A viral video showed the sixth grader, Faith Fennidy, crying as she packed up her belongings and left Christ the King Parish School in Terrytown, La.
Later, his reputation as a composer and arranger led him to work with Eddie Palmieri as well as sharing a Grammy win with Linda Ronstadt.
It’s already clear from earlier studies that lack of information is a big reason many less affluent students don’t make it to college.
They didn’t say whether he was firing at the officer, but that he’s still discharging the gun when the officer opened fire.
The Peats presumed that Stephen’s problems were rooted in brain trauma sustained on the ice in so many fights.
So what’s not to like?
You know you do, especially if you’ve been reading Wordplay for a while, because we’ve talked about this trick.
Scope and Implementation of Suspension and Limitation on Entry.
In January, Mayor Sam Liccardo of San Jose, Calif., resigned his seat on an F.C.C.
Elsewhere in deals: Comcast is apparently considering very seriously a bid for parts of 21st Century Fox.
Early last month, securities regulators in Texas and North Carolina issued cease-and-desist orders to BitConnect, an operation that had grown to be worth $3 billion.
Reports indicate that hundreds of parents will not be seeing their children because the government can’t locate the parents or has already deported them.
I block embarrassing things out of my memory.
“People still don’t trust Carrier,” said Paul Roell, a group leader who has worked at the plant for 19 years.
Elsie Chen, Albee Zhang and Zoe Mou contributed research.
Duncan Jones’s lavish fantasy action movie is on FX.
But in Tokyo — where tradition often blends effortlessly with the modern — a seasoned watch craftsman and a young female apprentice recently had a rare encounter.
This month, residents filed a lawsuit against the city claiming that the building in which the shelter is planned does not meet fire safety standards and has other problems pertaining to its construction that make it unsuitable: it will endanger the people who live there, the argument now goes.
Background reading: As early voting begins in Georgia , many express worry that state officials have either inadequately prepared for the turnout or, as critics allege, enacted measures to dissuade likely Democratic voters.
“I look forward to finally repealing this harmful and flawed bulletin very soon,” Mr. Hensarling said.
While the State Department declined to characterize the makeup of its preparatory team for the North Korea meeting, set for Tuesday in Singapore , Mr. Trump could of course tap any number of government nuclear physicists to accompany him.
That’s it for this briefing.
“Most people in the Hanfu movement that I met were nationalists looking for the thrill of wearing traditional clothing,” said Kevin Carrico, a lecturer in Chinese studies at Macquarie University in Australia who has written a book on the movement .
Residents have returned to find walls and ceilings missing from their homes.
In the early 2000s, state leaders focused on opening a campus there to serve a region that lagged far behind in educational attainment.
Kelly says he doesn’t get depressed, and he tries to dwell on “the people who didn’t get shot and killed” thanks to reform legislation passed in the states.
Even Dolores Huerta, a co-founder of the United Farm Workers with the activist Cesar Chavez, stopped by.
“They don’t want to wake up people’s concealed bad feelings against Samsung and Chairman Lee.” Hyundai said its promotional activities for Pyeongchang were extensive and had “no precedent.” Other chaebol companies, however, shied away from the topic.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers fired tear gas to push the migrants away, and the Mexican federal police also confronted the group.
Republicans need a leader who is in step with the president and his agenda, one who emphasizes pro-citizen immigration policies, pro-worker economic policies and an America First national security policy that is circumspect about foreign military intervention.
Recent revelations that a little-known Vatican appeals panel has sharply reduced penalties of priests convicted of sexual abuse and in some cases has reinstated them provides little confidence in allowing bishops to investigate themselves and the “fraternal” punishments imposed.
“The challenge faced by any platform that allows everything permitted under U.S. law is that if left unabated, the most objectionable content will inevitably take over,” said Micah Schaffer, a former policy leader at YouTube and Snap who is now a technology policy consultant.
“These agreements are very common among celebrities and people of wealth,” Trump tweeted.
The Saudi-led coalition and Houthi rebels have agreed to withdraw their forces from Hudaydah, the main conduit for humanitarian aid entering Yemen, and to implement a cease-fire in the surrounding province, Secretary General António Guterres told reporters.
And for Amazon, tools like one-click ordering have created a stunningly efficient machine for commerce and consumption.
Eighteen months into the C2C experiment, preliminary results show that the arrest rate for violent crimes among the participants has been cut in half.
“I was sad; the board was sad,” said Eva Moskowitz, the network’s chief executive officer, describing the reaction when Mr. Loeb said he would step down at the end of his term.
“But I do think you shouldn’t have everybody hold the baby.”
The Mugabes already owned property and businesses in Mazowe, about 25 miles north of Harare, the capital, and they were eager to expand.
For the Giants this season, McCutchen hit .255 with 15 home runs and a .772 on-base plus slugging percentage.
“It’s been confirmed that these criminals, it appears, never wanted to return them safe and alive.” The bloodshed highlights problems ahead for governments in both countries, which in 2016 celebrated the signing of peace accords between the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, known as the FARC, and the Colombian government.
When the book spends time in 1950 (the plot doesn’t unfold in chronological order), we get a better idea of who Juliet was, who she became and what her bruising life has done to her.
Earlier, we’ve seen the owner of the money coolly torture a childhood friend, even as he fondly reminisces about their shared formative experiences.
If she loses, Democrats’ chances of taking the Senate, already pretty small, become minuscule.
“It’s like an invasion,” he said, of “unbelievably rough people.” “We have already dispatched to our border the United States military,” he said.
But it could provide President Trump with more ammunition to attack Mr. Rosenstein, who has been in Mr. Trump’s cross hairs since he appointed the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, to investigate Russia’s plot to manipulate the 2016 presidential election and whether any Trump associates were complicit.
Bray had come across a book of Szukalski’s sculptures and paintings and, by happy coincidence, discovered that the artist actually lived nearby.
Upstairs is a hayloft and an office with a kitchenette and half bath.
She is a daughter of Nayla Sabry Kamal of Ottawa.
Perhaps the defining line of her stump speech was this: “The people closest to the pain should be closest to the power.” Mary MacDonald, 49, a biotech researcher who voted for Ms. Pressley in Cambridge, said Ms. Pressley “represents a perspective that Congress is lacking and that resonates with me.
Si aún no estás suscrito, puedes darte de alta en este enlace.
(If no potatoes were in the pantry, you could make a similar soup with beans or lentils.)
But Mr. Trump’s leadership means that the United States is sabotaging global efforts to confront climate change at the exact moment in history when humankind can still deflect the worst consequences of this impending disaster.
Dina Chang, who dreams of being a movie star, remembers Forevermore as “purely sadistic torture, a punishment for nothing she could recall.” There are challenges to depicting so many characters in so relatively few pages.
Offering some back-of-the-envelope calculations to support the idea, Ms. Dee said that even if 10 percent of the galleries in the fair — meaning five or six of them — were each asked to pay an extra $10,000 for their stand, that would be “a drop in the bucket” for them.
I vaguely felt I should save the 10-pound note he handed me for framing.
If Mr. Trump and Senate leaders hammer out an agreement that offers legal status to the Dreamers but is not perceived as sufficiently tough on other immigration and border security measures, it may cause heartburn among conservative lawmakers.
Investment and trade flourished, and families separated by the war were allowed to hold reunions.
Even so, allow your puppet’s character the freedom and space to evolve, just as you let your understanding of yourself change over time.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.
This explains why more than 90 percent of the people arrested during the recent protests were under age 25.
and gaming markets will continue to grow.
Advertisers call these ads “fine tuned,” but most people consider them creepy, said Johnny Ryan, a researcher at PageFair, which makes tools to help companies work around ad-blocking software.
“I was always meant to be a dad.” He had stayed in central Wisconsin and worked his way up to being a plant manager at Lynn Dairy.
That will be a catastrophe.
Winner had downloaded software that helped her hide her web searches and communications; had expressed support for Edward J. Snowden, the N.S.A.
The moderates fell two signatures short of what they needed on their discharge petition in order to force votes on immigration this month.
reached a head over the 2003 decision to invade Iraq.
Unless there is an issue that the parties need to discuss, Judge Brian M. Cogan calls at once for the jury, and testimony starts.
We found that 70 percent of Latinos and 69 percent of Asians also felt disrespected.
Then Kaepernick was like, ‘Oh, so you like protest now.
“We think this move was appropriate for what is a very healthy economy,” Mr. Powell said.
Narcotraffickers and crime syndicates also pay off gang members to support illicit trafficking and to assert their power; the jobs vary from hit man, kidnapper, extortionist, arsonist, carjacker and recruiter of low-level supporters of criminal activities.
America may someday have a single-payer system, but we won’t get there in a single bill that phases out private health insurance, rewires our byzantine health care delivery and finance systems and markedly cuts payments to hospitals and other providers.
The complaint did not mention charges against Officer 1, but it said he had not been on active duty since April.
Rollo is clearly being paid enough in treats to show up and sit still, but not enough to make eye contact with anyone in frame, and I love him for it.
“If Janine had played the flute,” he has said, “I would have written a flute concerto.” As in most concertos, Mr. van der Aa’s solo writing demands extreme virtuosity, which, of course, the charismatic Ms. Jansen dispatches with athletic ease.
When they were working on “Best Little Whorehouse,” Ms. Hall and Mr. Masterson, who had five children between them, shared a house for a time, spouses, kids and all.
Athletes aside, in the last year alone, Nike also has introduced fashion-conscious collaborations with Virgil Abloh of Off-White, Kim Jones of Dior Men, Comme des Garçons and Matthew Williams of Alyx.
It has been noted that this is the first Hollywood movie in a long time with a mostly Asian and Asian-American cast, and if anything this observation understates the diversity of the performers onscreen, in terms of both their origins and their pop-cultural affiliations.
Seasonal rituals let us heal this disconnection.
(When the desires aren’t pure fantasy, or excessively illegal.)
They were caught on camera and preserved forevermore: visible, audible, irrefutable.
Grilled jalapeños and every topping from the abundant salsa bar brought them into tacos-to-write-home-about territory.
But increasing wages for low-skilled union members is just one channel through which unions can reduce income inequality.
“There will always be examples of exceptions, but those few do not represent the majority of our profession.” The model of placing nursing homes and related businesses in separate limited liability corporations and partnerships has gained popularity as the industry has consolidated through purchases by publicly traded companies, private investors and private equity firms.
The source for the particular atmospheric river hitting California this week is near the Hawaiian Islands, hence the playful “Pineapple Express.” Not everyone agrees, though, that this storm falls under that category.
These seemingly small efforts are anchors that hold me to the present, that keep me from floating away on thoughts of an unknown future.
They married, had two sets of twins four years apart and set about growing an all-in basketball family.
Prostitutes have joined in asking for a review of the law’s constitutionality.
Their report, with photographs of the victims tied up and kneeling before their executions, and evidence of the mass grave where they were buried, was published after the reporters’ arrest.
Ask a Scottish woman if she owns a luckenbooth, and don’t be surprised if her answer is yes.
Can the audience hear what the actors say?
“I was a man of good will who never knew political success,” he said.
Unlike Harry’s tale, though, Newt’s story opens with him already of age.
“Without heroes to fight a battle, how can a country be at peace?” Under Mr. Xi, the Chinese police and security forces have already clamped down on protests and dissent, especially by liberal opponents of the party.
“It seems that on every car, on every train in the South — this is in 1959 — there was one car on the train for black people, the car right behind the engines, where the soot and dust would come through,” Mr. McDew told a Smithsonian Institution oral history project in 2011.
Latest Project: Mr. Yang plans to leave BuzzFeed this year and start his own production company with the rest of the Try Guys cast.
“Our lives are never going to be the same without him,” according to the page, set up by family and friends.
To serve with these stuffed jalapeños .
That’s where I met Ali, who is from Al Zabadani, a Syrian town close to the Lebanese border where there was a big battle.
The 37-page indictment , revealing a sophisticated network that sought to bolster Mr. Trump and undermine Hillary Clinton by staging rallies and purchasing incendiary ads on social media, handed Democrats ammunition to claim that Mr. Trump’s success was illegitimate because it was buttressed by a foreign power.
One Trump official said the rule would give Planned Parenthood and other groups that receive federal family planning money a choice: Disentangle themselves from abortion or lose government funding.
Ms. Veselnitskaya had long insisted that she met the president’s son, son-in-law and campaign chairman in a private capacity, not as a representative of the Russian government.
Enjoy tea for two at Columbus Circle and airy dining at the Hoxton, Williamsburg, in Brooklyn.
It encourages me and motivates me to come in every day and work hard.
Since then, the convention has only tightened restrictions on women, with a 1998 resolution declaring the duty of wives to submit to their husbands , and in 2000, a prohibition of women’s ordination as pastors.
Usually, words like this (“Put your hand in mine, don’t stop/We’ll dance the night away, won’t care what people say”) point toward one place: jubilant, heedless excess on the tail end.
But the Harlem Globetrotters suddenly join us.
Houston quarterback Deshaun Watson has a knack for making big plays, whether it’s with his arm or his feet.
Given the attention span of viewers on a night dedicated more to carousing than to the Constitution, Mr. Simon said the televised image of journalists, representing a range of news organizations, would be a potent symbol.
The United States also conducts several layers of security screening.
I’d smile, and pretend I didn’t hear, while clearing dirty dishes.
“It’s time to re-examine a lot of conventional assumptions about what is and isn’t possible.”
Mortgages are available to foreigners, but lenders may require significant down payments, he said.
Instead, Hezbollah sent a high-ranking emissary to Doha and made the conditions very clear: The captives would be freed in exchange for Qatar’s help in making the four-towns deal happen.
Last month, the government of Sri Lanka ordered Facebook blocked in an attempt to stem mob violence against Muslim communities.
“You’re not weirded out?” he asks her.
We ask that you are: • Curious about China and the world.
He’s not constructive so they’re ignoring him.” Speaking after reaching the budget deal with his Republican counterpart, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, said he had learned to proceed without bothering with the president.
All news organizations in Australia are subject to these restrictions, which creates the potential for vast differences between articles about a case published from inside Australia and the work of organizations based elsewhere.
In 1922, long before his commitment, Richard Le Gallienne reflected on the polarizing poet and his collection , “Poems 1918-21, Including Three Portraits and Four Cantos.” Read an excerpt below: Whatever Mr. Ezra Pound’s merits or frailties, no one who knows his work at all will deny him a sense of humor, a gift which he does not seem to have communicated either to his admirers, his non-admirers or even to his publishers — might properly report that on the “jacket” of a volume humor is out of place.
Given that she speaks three languages and has lived abroad for most of her life, 12 countries and counting within Latin America, Europe and Africa, Soleil’s had countless of these multicultural experiences.
leaders deceived the federal judge who approved the wiretap warrant and extended it in 2017.
On a recent morning, in a warehouse sandwiched by au t o repair shops, Ashley Bezamat, the 37-year-old founder of the eyewear company Dom Vetro, was hunching over a thin bar of white acetate.
For instance, on large arterial roadways, walkers feel comfortable only if the sidewalks are at least 15 feet wide.
It’s not quite two-for-one, but close.
“Perhaps more than any room I’ve ever spoken to,” he said.
Comparably, the men’s sparring, to say nothing of the “Weekend at Bernie’s” routine they pull with the queen (Pam Ferris), looks more tired than usual, and the filmmakers haven’t remotely figured out how to use Ralph Fiennes — as either Holmes’s nemesis Moriarty or a look-alike patsy — who appears so infrequently that he could just as well have been left on the cutting-room floor.
The bride, 28, is the founder of Cannabis Feminist, a web-based community that works to promote executive women in the cannabis industry, and she is also a founder of Hempia, a company that promotes legal cannabinoids found in the hemp plant for use in health and wellness.
“I can assure you that the president listens to my advice,” Mr. Mnuchin said in response to a question from Representative Gregory W. Meeks, Democrat of New York.
That could be the next move in the county-by-county activity seen in recent days.
What they called truth, he has framed as lies.
That was when the Yankees acquired Stanton in a trade from the Miami Marlins.
It hardly seemed to matter during the campaign that few migrants are seeking to transit through Hungary.
Admittedly, I could limit my sex acts to those that allow me to donate.
“We are facing so much pushback that people are not in the mood to celebrate,” said Richard B. Spencer, a white nationalist leader who was a prominent figure at last year’s Charlottesville rally, in an interview on Monday.
Raymond Thomas was born on Dec. 29, 1941, in Stourport-on-Severn, England.
In school, students read articles, novels, and textbooks.
But some have revealed far more.
“With a blending of history and contemporary art, we can reveal some of the puzzles at the centers of great art,” she said.
America’s Deathtrap Schools “They’re not just short on textbooks.
Follow NYT Food on Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Pinterest .
The NDA does, however, show that Trump was susceptible to blackmail.
When you arrive at a hut, any sense of urgency melts away and is replaced by the easy rhythms of hut life.
During his latest one, I was startled by how his tantrum abruptly fell silent.
When Uber turned a profit last quarter because it offloaded businesses in Russia and Southeast Asia, it cautioned that that bump would not last because it planned to reinvest the money.
All of those stores have reopened, but sales remain lower than before the storm.
Mr. Greenberg’s dislike for the Martin Act did not end with the settlement.
A version of the plan calls for a daily fee to be levied on drivers who enter a “congestion zone” (from the Battery to 60th Street) during busy hours.
Not all pastimes are equal.
She still works in comedy and founded a pet rescue .
“We got no explanation” for the delay, he said.
Rather, what matters most are the opportunities we can give students to make sense of any text and to see the immediate relevance of those texts to the urgent conversations of now.
“My concerns are that children’s ads shape and reinforce stereotypes,” Dr. Zimmermann said.
Gene Karpinski, president of the group, said it would target up to 20 tossup House districts by seeking to motivate suburban women and independents to vote Democratic.
And at a news conference Tuesday about gun safety in schools, Gov.
[ The New York Times ] • As commercial bail has grown into a $2 billion industry, bond agents have become the payday lenders of the criminal justice world.
And unlike the confused, wayward golfer he had been on greens a month ago, Woods confidently drilled his final putt of the day into the middle of the hole.
In order to save himself from the ignominy of living off an amount of money most Americans won’t see in the course of their lifetimes, he effectively sells his soul to the redheaded devil.
“It divides people into categories — rich and poor, native and foreign,” Ms. Smith wrote.
His email to his primary care physician was borderline apologetic.
For Bird, the night was largely forgettable: he struck out three times and reached on a bunt single.
Pronouncements on the topic have a tendency to be overblown.
As an urban liberal, I have witnessed small-town rural Americans get lumped together as “racists” and “deplorables” by my progressive peers for their support of Donald Trump.
Last April, aiming to curb development, village trustees placed a moratorium on new construction of residential buildings with more than three units.
“Lots of iced tea,” Mr. Niccolini said, “and very little wine sales.” Lehman’s bankruptcy, the largest in the country’s history, marked the end of an era and brought the financial world to the brink.
And now consider the broader culture we have found ourselves in for the past year or so.
But when these 17 bodies arrived in 1985, the island’s hardened crews, used to burying dozens of indigent people per week, recoiled.
The director David Mackenzie, who worked with Pine on his excellent 2016 heist film “ Hell or High Water ,” emphasizes the primal grit and violence of the era to a degree that might be anathema to mainstream audiences.
After making par, Tiger remains at +4.
One of the most dispiriting moments of his “TMZ” appearance came as Ms. Owens was being given room to espouse her controversial views on police violence and the Black Lives Matter movement.
Some have wondered how his experience equips him to cope with the big debates unleashed in part by the Forum, but others regard him as a capable and connected administrator, an insider who will make sure it opens on time.
It helps her cause with business interests that the opposition Labour party is led by Jeremy Corbyn, who wants to nationalize some industries.
The government, under the United Nations Convention Against Torture, is required to assess the danger for immigrants before it deports them.
AIR FLOW Flight path, plane flies nose-up Measured angle of attack By Mika Gröndahl All this would have needed to have happened within seconds — or the aircraft would be at serious risk of entering a death dive.
The interview has been edited and condensed.
“If we were playing the Dolphins, I had to wear No.
Mr. Norcott said that his audiences overwhelmingly supported Britain staying in the European Union, but that he believed they were beginning to accept the decision to leave.
After intermission, the Boston Ballet, choreographed by Wayne McGregor, joins the orchestra for “Obsidian Tear,” set to Mr. Salonen’s “Nyx” and “Lachen Verlernt.” 212-875-5656, nyphil.org NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC CONCERTS IN THE PARKS at various locations (June 12, 8 p.m., through June 15).
“I think the Democrats had something to do with it,” he said.
But there is a growing perception that some who come to the city are more interested in less high-minded pursuits — namely, marijuana and prostitution, both of which are largely legal — and may be doing more harm than good.
The crowd rose in a standing ovation as the Cardinals loaded the bases.
Only the Sears is still operating.
“The problem is that he wanted everything, everything, all the time.” He enters a project with maximum dedication, maximum research.
“Every time we are called for this kind of events, we wonder if this is going to happen again.”
Kylian Mbappé has credit for 63 meters.
Targeted sanctions against the oligarchs are seen as a particularly good way to punish Moscow’s aggressive moves while sparing wider Russian society, which is already suffering under Mr. Putin’s thumb.
Pascaline Lepeltier, the highly esteemed sommelier, who made her name at Rouge Tomate, will join the restaurant as a partner and will work on the wine program with Arnaud Tronche, one of the owners.
He could face Federer or Djokovic in the final.
Joshua Kopelman — First Round Capital 4.
If you watched MTV in the winter of 1994, it was impossible to ignore “Zombie” by the Cranberries .
In Europe the boundary is the Mediterranean, and in the Americas it’s the Rio Grande.
Transfermarkt rates him as the sixth most valuable player in the world at $140 million dollars; P.S.G.
1 this week with 126,000 album equivalent units, according to Nielsen Music.
Callimachi: And the explanations that they’re giving him aren’t lining up.
The group largely supported the Republican candidate for governor, John H. Cox, whom President Trump had endorsed and who won a place on the ballot along with Gavin Newsom, a Democrat and a former San Francisco mayor.
Mr. Wilmotte said that he sought to create an aesthetic that was sophisticated and contemporary, yet respectful of the hotel’s past.
It means being vigilant against the psychological damage of having my daughter internalize the feelings of inferiority that can occur when her peers imply she is less than them.
With the Russian-born Wassily Kandinsky, the two friends also helped found a hugely influential circle of Munich painters known as the Blue Rider.
What if one — i.e.
She took creative movement at university, and when I was a kid she would teach me stuff, and I loved it.
His goal is to make the Ryder Cup team, and he is also expected to be a captain’s pick.
Amy and her papers are with us, too.
Cora, the Red Sox’ first-year manager, was spared watching the final four innings from the dugout.
Whether my distress was the result of brain chemistry or some malformed gene or what I saw in Iraq or entirely brought on by my own actions, it was real enough that I was willing to do almost anything to make it stop.
And you can’t know ahead of time whether you are that rare breed of market genius.
And now Mr. Trump faces the consequences.
• The BBC apologized to Carrie Gracie , a senior journalist who quit as China editor this year over unequal pay .
As the court noted, what is reasonable in a marriage might be viewed quite differently now than it was 45 years ago.
Perhaps coincidentally, the news that Baquer Namazi had been denied a three-month medical leave came a few days after an Iranian-American dual citizen in the United States, Ahmad Sheikhzadeh, received a three-month prison term in Brooklyn federal court for filing false tax returns and conspiring to evade financial sanctions on Iran.
‘HUMA BHABHA: WE COME IN PEACE’ at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (through Oct. 28).
Is my dry cleaning back?’ I don’t remember looking forward to getting dressed, ever.” Unlimited frees mental space for women to think about more important matters: what to say in that big meeting; how to describe their employment history in a crucial job interview; how to, in the grand scheme of their professional lives, get ahead.
• Weekend travel hassles: Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings .
Each of the Republican candidates has tried to emphasize ties to Mr. Trump in a state the president won by 19 percentage points .
What was he like as a little boy?
While videos can also be stored on iCloud and streamed by other users, Apple limits the clip length to five minutes.
(Another person in our department agreed to go.)
But as awareness has spread about the detriments associated with underage marriages, and as the authorities have responded more diligently, the prevalence has dropped.
“According to our own data, we now have at least one online reader from every member country of the United Nations, including Tuvalu and Antarctica,” he said.
We saw record conservative turnout in Trump country.
So show up and vote.
Delayed reporting by victims makes the collection of physical evidence nearly impossible and can trigger the protection of statute of limitations laws.
Some in the party fear Representative Rob Woodall of Georgia may have waited too long to take his race seriously.
Walmart, the biggest private employer in the United States, said it was “empowering our associates and customers with voting information ” but did not promise to give workers additional time off for Election Day.
I brought the camera in case there was something I needed to document, and this walk felt like the right occasion.
Hace algunas semanas, Brian X. Chen alertaba sobre el verdadero costo que tienen las aplicaciones y servicios “gratuitos”, que van detrás de nuestra información.
There are 140 trans actors and crew members on this show, and 35 L.G.B.T.Q.
Ms. Bucher defended her decision to let her exhausted staff go home at 9 p.m. the night before to sleep and eat.
“And finding yourself within this religious world.” Sara Blau, 29, is a mother of four who works at Beth Rivkah, a local girl’s school, as a special-programs manager.
In 2017, a report by the marketing firm Mailman found that 76 percent of soccer fans in China support a player, rather than a team; studies into younger generations of fans suggest the same pattern can be applied, increasingly, around the planet.
And the Oscars, which Jimmy Kimmel is set to host again, will probably fall short, now that the bar has been set high.
Lawyers and directors of community legal services spent Sunday preparing fact sheets and answering calls that have been flooding their offices.
With “market freshness” at a premium in this sector, both houses tried to present as much material not previously seen before at auction as possible.
Households in China save roughly two-fifths of their income.
in a game in Los Angeles and was ruled out for the season.
But if lawmakers weren’t merely covering their hides with the pro-NATO resolution they released last week, they should move to give it substance.
“Put all that together and what you have is a sense of an establishment that could not possibly fulfill any of the objectives of imprisonment,” he said.
One rally organizer turned that accusation on its head, telling the demonstrators that it was various politicians and bureaucrats who were shutting down the internet who were really afraid of the Russian people.
Errors are corrected during the press run whenever possible, so some errors noted here may not have appeared in all editions.
Last year Beijing rebranded the manufacturing centers of the Pearl River delta as the “Greater Bay Area” and began urging the main cities there — Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Hong Kong — to cooperate to become China’s rival to Silicon Valley, which the Chinese would like to make the lesser Bay Area.
spokeswoman did not respond to questions about Mr. Pruitt’s disclosure filings in Oklahoma.
This duo of shows features her light boxes — or “light paintings” — made with argon gas and Tesla coils, as well as her paintings on canvas that include glass microspheres, like those used in the lines that divide highway lanes.
It’s not factual in many cases, and I think that’s the wrong direction for the leader of any party.
In his two emergency starts, he has yet to allow a run over 10 innings, adding to the fine work he has compiled in the bullpen this season.
I talk to them, imagine what they might be thinking.
Mr. Buck, 34, is a photojournalist in the New York bureau of CNN.
That’s certainly something we’ve thought about over time.
(Kemp has blamed sloppy work by the New Georgia Project for the holds.
It came out at parties and in carousing with friends.
But those generous green spaces and relaxed atmospheres come with a trade-off: They’re difficult to secure.
Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Many view the change in policy as a lose-lose, inflicting damage on American businesses, depriving them of labor, while devastating the families the policy was meant to protect.
The art installation on the roof of the Metropolitan Museum of Art is always a much-anticipated rite of spring.
Aanchal Jiwrajka, who grew up in India and Indonesia, gave examples of how period-centric shame is passed on from one generation to the next, listing out the rules her mother told her to follow after she first menstruated: “Don’t go near the temple and don’t worship at any holy temples; don’t go near the flowers and the plants in the garden because they will shrivel; don’t enter the kitchen; don’t sit on the couch or anywhere your father sits.” Some performers expressed trepidation at talking publicly about a subject that is typically discussed privately or euphemistically in public.
And, of course, the agenda of non-placement of weapons in space.
( International ) By Looking to Asia, the Australian Open Found Itself : The Australian Open has grown to be the largest annual sporting event in the Southern Hemisphere and is considered the Grand Slam of the Asia Pacific.
( Mercury News ) • Cisco’s new C.E.O.
Then there is the lanternfly’s unusual ability to lay eggs on almost any surface.
But when any so-called look becomes exceedingly popular and simultaneously associated with one brand, the creator can file for a trademark.
Until very recently, anyone who wanted to take a deep dive into the Africa-inflected culture of the Colombian Pacific would have been best off heading to Cali, about 100 miles inland over the West Andes, to attend the Petronio Álvarez Pacific Music Festival .
This Scottish trio takes pride in being tough to pin down, but you could say their sound is a global, unorthodox, experimental vision of pop that places hip-hop at the forefront.
There is only one lever powerful enough to solve this problem at the required scale and speed.
To sit in a room alone for six or seven or 10 hours, sharing the time with characters that you created, is sheer heaven.
He was asked if smaller, cheaper or more local animals could be trained — African giant pouched rats, for example, have been used to detect land mines and tuberculosis .
“Having patience, or appreciating a different type of way of taking in life.
A restaurant’s surveillance camera captured what happened next: Jones ran, never looking back, and Pownall shot him twice in the back.
“A whole load of stuff will be illegal,” Ms. Finch added, referring to everyday items such as boxes and chess sets that will soon be unsellable and unexportable.
We can all use ‘Roseanne’ as a lesson.
Defending a few dozen districts that are either more heavily urban or feature a similar demographic mix as Ohio’s 12th District, Republicans will need to find a way to win back suburbanites or better galvanize rural voters.
The woman who wears Mr. Halpern’s half-zebra, all-sequin jumpsuit for a morning subway commute has my compliments.
I'm not looking forward to returning to the land of surveillance.
A Bank of America survey found that about 20 percent of consumers started their holiday shopping before November, and 67 percent said they planned to shop over the extended Thanksgiving weekend.
It is “Rauschenberg: The 1/4 Mile,” not “Robert Rauschenberg: The 1/4 Mile or 2 Furlong Piece.” • An article on Page 108 about a new album by the French pop singer Hélöise Letissier misidentifies the host of “The Daily Show” when Christine and the Queens performed.
It’s a lighthearted passage from a very heavy-duty memoir, although the sentiment, concerning the treachery and evil of adults vs. children, is pretty profound.
Explain that it is a means of protecting yourselves — and any future children — from the emotional and financial expense of a messy divorce.
Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
The Japanese director Hirokazu Kore-eda’s latest film, “Shoplifters,” has its American theatrical release on Friday.
The 25-year-old Namajunas had to go the full 25 minutes to win 49-46 on all three scorecards.
Public court records lay out in stark detail the victim’s account of the night, her friends’ names, and details such as how much she had to drink and what she was wearing.
The calculation can be complicated.
Though the movement is filled with the working poor from rural areas , these demonstrators have deeper demands, including lower taxes, higher salaries and freedom from financial fear.
He also had seven diagnosed concussions, according to his doctor.
It is yet another sign of how the usually reclusive North Korean regime is strategically opening itself to the outside world as it hints it may be willing to roll back its nuclear program.
It was his fifth marathon of the year, and his fifth victory, and it was only March.
Albert Sun wrote today’s Back Story.
That same day, the Weinstein Company filed for bankruptcy, and released all former employees from their nondisclosure agreements.
His pants were out of fashion, baggy, rolled up and stained with oil, cinched at the waist with a belt that was too long and hung down one leg.
Lin-Manuel funneled both streams into the cassette tapes he swapped with friends.
“It’s not enough just to point out that the causes of migration have to be dealt with,” said Marcelo Ebrard, Mexico’s foreign secretary, adding that Mexico wants to counter the idea “that the best way to confront migration is through exclusion and control.” This is, in part, a recognition that Mexico forms a part of a busy migration corridor and that, with or without help from the United States, it has to deal with the issue.
A fox with an identity crisis.
In the border town of Nogales, Mexico , our reporter found that migrants have not been deterred by the changes in American policy.
So far it seems that his determined push for tariffs against party orthodoxy has been the biggest friction point.
Why are Russia and Mr. Putin better off with Mr. Trump?
Scott T. Witthuhn, a brother of the bride who became a Universal Life minister for the occasion, officiated at the Lighthouse at Chelsea Piers.
He brought them up over a work lunch with Sendak and suggested that they might be a book — a book in need of a story.
• Marrakesh retains its timeless charms.
Starting in October, a month before the midterm elections for Congress in the United States, Sarah Lyall will start writing a twice-weekly newsletter about American politics — for non-Americans.
While it’s not practical to spend that much time with every patient, it made him more thoughtful about listening.
Though the latter is illegal, the state’s overtaxed enforcement body is largely incapable of holding landlords accountable.
The cause was liver cancer, according to the International Campaign for Tibet , a Washington-based advocacy group he once led.
“I thought, ‘What is going on here, does this guy even live in New York, is he homeless?’” Mr. Spencer explained the situation and told Ms. Webb that after brunch he would be going to the airport for a flight home.
The researchers asked a group of 35 healthy people, ages 45 to 70, about their activity levels and the average number of hours each day spent sitting and then scanned their brains with M.R.I.
Students who are old enough to serve in the military should be allowed to own firearms, she said.
may be warming up to the idea of forced arbitration, unnamed sources said.
(“Lube of nuts bisects stolen tea,” someone says.
Or, at a minimum, Ball has to do more to publicly distance himself from the outlandish comments his father routinely makes.
has an impact on the cost of health care for consumers, employers and the health care system as a whole,” wrote Jill Becher, a spokeswoman for the company.
And we were reaching towards Mosul pretty fast.
But I did feel that things had to change — you can’t just have some shah making all the important decisions for an entire country.” 9 Photos View Slide Show › As the situation became more unstable and it became clear to him that the revolutionaries were no better than the regime they were replacing, he faced pressures from friends.
At kitchen tables and diners all across the West, conservationists, ranchers and sportsmen talk more and more about the so-called 80/20 rule here: If we are definitely going to disagree about 20 percent of whatever we take up together, we should try to focus on the 80 percent we can agree on.
Instead we see works by artists 45 and older who have just kept on keeping on, regardless of attention or reward, sometimes saving the best for last.
And they aren’t just for show.
On Wednesday night, though, he didn’t.
Boeing’s climb has had an outsized impact on the Dow.
He attacked the company for not building out as much broadband in rural communities as it had promised, and for television ads it was running to promote its record.
In a recent study , she found that when people take photos with the goal to share — as opposed to taking photos to capture memories — they enjoy experiences less.
Meryl Meisler arrived in New York in 1975, when she was on the cusp of turning 24 and the city was on the brink of bankruptcy.
Mr. Kotis, a Tony Award winner for the book and lyrics of the satirical “ Urinetown ,” here unspools an anti-myth of Old Saint Nick as rampaging home wrecker and enslaver of elves.
To this failure Trump has added an exclamation point.
Here’s the latest: • The C.I.A.
866-811-4111, theflea.org ‘SLAVE PLAY’ at New York Theater Workshop (previews start on Nov. 19; opens on Dec. 9).
This was for the “Indiana Jones” TV special in 2008.
This summer, a Pentagon researcher worked alongside a small but influential Silicon Valley artificial intelligence lab, Fast.ai, on a public effort to build technology capable of accelerating the development of A.I.
Do you sometimes feel the need to take a break from Instagram?
Eighteen members of the Senate Democratic caucus voted for the last stopgap measure in December .
is concentrated in big cities, where workers have more options to find new jobs, the backlash will be more muted than it was when trade took out the jobs of single-industry company towns.
Scanning their private cemetery as if it were a D.I.Y.
Public law, public shaming and public action are the most effective means of forcing change.
Svensson said he felt scared, helpless.
It’s one of the most fascinating paradoxes of progressive cities: Everyone wants to address the housing crunch, but nobody wants a new multistory housing development to get built next door.
Just about all of the other companies had similar comments.
For many of those gathered in Tijuana, the wait has become intolerable.
That felt like a win-win, since now the public has access to the index, too.
The following conversation took place over lunch and via email; it has been condensed and edited.
Her nomination will now move to the H.E.L.P.
The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks on its social media channels, saying that its fighters had killed more than 100 people.
The wiry Mr. Epstein “grew up as a pudgy, not-athletic-and-aware-of-it Bronx boy,” he told New York magazine in 2006.
“The first time people are in awe,” he said.
But the Europeans have found it difficult to set up an alternative payment mechanism to sidestep the American-dominated banking system and allow Iran to continue selling its oil and goods.
All the dresses in my closet look like bridesmaid dresses.
in the U.S. has been pretty stagnant, Dad.
Woods, McIlroy and Thomas are former world No.
“He’s just changed so much from the beginning of his career until now,” said Chris Rice, 68, a Democrat who works in health care.
A spokeswoman said he had nothing to do with the case and shouldn’t have to appear.
“There is no ambiguity in what he says,” Mr. Bellamy added.
The tape was first broadcast on KMOV , St. Louis’s CBS affiliate, during the late evening news Wednesday.
Directed by Sophie Fiennes, it tracks Ms. Jones starting in 2005 as she records an album, gigs around the world and, most revealingly, visits family in her native Jamaica, where she and her clan discuss their strictly religious upbringing and the violence of her stepgrandfather, known as Mas P. (“Bloodlight” is Jamaican musician slang for the red light of a recording studio, and bami is a local flatbread.)
A Schrödinger puzzle has a theme in which more than one word or letter may be correct inside a single square (The most famous Schrödinger puzzle was the 1996 BOB DOLE/CLINTON puzzle that ran the day of the United States presidential election.
Such Democratic candidates as Colin Allred, Gina Ortiz Jones and Lizzie Fletcher have turned Republican-held congressional districts into tossups.
In his statement Sunday, Father Lombardi argued that whether the pope knew about the meeting with Ms. Davis beforehand or not, the blame for the fiasco that followed rested with Archbishop Viganò for having put the pope in a difficult position.
La publicación del informe derivó en la expulsión de los expertos de las Naciones Unidas del país centroamericano el viernes.
One other point: There’s an ongoing debate, which I’ve covered before , about whether Democrats should focus this year on turning out their base or persuading swing voters.
But it won’t happen until I am 110 percent and I’m medically cleared.” The Knicks are preaching patience (again) as they build around a young core — one that will feature the 23-year-old Porzingis eventually — but they are also undefeated, at least until their season opener against the Atlanta Hawks on Oct. 17.
Bush: And make no mistake about it.
Now, facing a court-ordered deadline, Mexico’s Congress is ready to adopt legislation it says will regulate that spending for the first time.
Like, this is so painful.’ So I don’t really know how to manage it yet.
In April, thirteen children were killed after a train rammed into their school bus .
[Want the Canada Letter in your inbox every week?
You should listen to him.” So I was like, “Where to buy any of his records?
But is the E.C.B.’s timing right?
But that is a meticulous process.
I was offended, not only as a survivor.
Yet as a person at the upper end of the millennial demographic he purportedly designs for, Mr. Abloh is aware of the need to expand the design agenda beyond what men wear once they’ve landed a job.
This summer, it ruled in favor of a Colorado baker who refused to create a wedding cake for a ________ couple, blocked a California law that required “crisis pregnancy centers” to provide information about ________ and ruled that President Trump had the legal authority to restrict travel from several mostly ________ countries.
I appreciate the musical reference in the revised clue, “Tears for Fears, e.g.,” and I suspect more than one solver will write in BAND or TRIO here.
“I knew it was possible,” said Beverly Graham, a retired special education teacher in rural Mercer County, Pa. “But I didn’t think it was probable.” These days they can be found in Pizza Huts, Panera Breads, living rooms and libraries, plotting political strategy to help Democrats wrest back power.
Co-authors of a recent article on medical marijuana and older adults in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society, they support legalization for medical use .
As of this June 30, 358 homes were listed for sale, the bulk in the $1 million to $2.5 million price range.
(In the West, monarchs winter in California.)
I know that if it doesn’t go well — and believe me, it very often doesn’t — it will ruin my night and my whole life.
“I feel really good for that,” Torres said.
But you’ve probably seen his work.
“This isn’t a hard one.” That’s because the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision made abortion legal up to the point of fetal viability, which has shifted over time due to medical advancements in treating premature babies, but now occurs at about 24 weeks of pregnancy.
In the beginning, a tidy home is shown with an American flag in front and a “For Sale” sign on the lawn.
A gajillion more recipes for breakfasts and other meals to cook tonight or in coming days are waiting for you at NYT Cooking .
In the quest to give readers a clear report of events beyond their sightline, editors and reporters consult the research department with urgent and vexing questions.
While many members of the governing party want Mr. Zuma to step down, some have said that they do not want the opposition to lead the effort.
Stamkos and Kucherov finished the year with the second-most points of any tandem, with 186; they were edged by a point by Philadelphia’s Claude Giroux and Jake Voracek in the final game of the season.
“It had everything,” she said, adding that the result “really hurts.” Mr. Leoz, the mayor, said that the restoration job had not been authorized by the region’s heritage institution, and that the town’s authorities had been notified only a few days ago, by which time most of the damage had been done.
In a world struggling with income inequality, riven by tides of immigration and deep social divisions, where streetwear is on the rise, why cover it at all?
Kerr has always preferred to save the group for crunchtime as opposed to first quarters — even in the days when it was Harrison Barnes in Durant’s place.
But I think some people, no fault of their own, are just sort of lazy when they’re consuming entertainment and won’t make that connection.
But large housing “projects” came to dominate urban landscapes and symbolize for many the unruliness and otherness of the “inner city” in decline.
• Un mercado imperdible y una comida de altura.
“I deplore the way successive governments in Moscow — Soviet and Russian — have abused their own people, ripped them off, constrained their choices and made us the enemy to mask their own failings,” Nuland says.
The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act and Higher Education Amendments, two other Clinton-era policies passed in 1996 and 1998, respectively, made it more difficult for people with felony drug convictions to receive food stamps, public assistance and college financial aid.
John F. Kelly, the chief of staff, resumed the meeting without addressing the issue.
I think this provides more value for our sections, for someone to be in there for a whole year.
The first Archie series ended with No.
Industry analysts say automakers and technology companies could generate billions of dollars in revenue and profit by selling or leasing self-driving cars to ride services, taxi fleets and delivery companies.
The activists were taken into custody on suspicion of abetting communist groups, plotting the assassination of government officials and inciting riots.
It’s full of slapstick comedy, despite gut-clenching depictions of dope sickness, the futility of war and PTSD.
Ms. Rito and Mr. Tacinelli have a few tricks up their sleeves, but they save them for the kitchen.
It is possible the court might be more forgiving and allow the agency to take a broader approach to the law than private litigants can.
It’s a grape of great potential, capable of making lovely, intense, complex wines.
“Where can we send the gift basket?” Perhaps Mr. Trump and his defenders feel more relaxed when chatting with Fox News’s stable of pundits, whose questions tend to be gentle.
So who is going to step up?” Spencer Sims, a member of Chief Lunes, said “Woon Justice for South LA” had focused on the specific goal of getting a bike lane installed on Manchester Avenue, where Mr. Frazier was killed.
The nuanced approach in Indiana, where officials hoped that expungements would improve people’s job prospects, is increasingly seen as a model.
The initial reaction (mine included) to the paintings has often been “Basquiat meets Dubuffet.” Indeed, they are so distant from the Pictures Generation’s photo-based ethic that they all but join forces with its ’80s adversary, Neo-Expressionist painting.
Photography has many ways to change the way we see.
It’s not totally surprising, since Sweden’s Lutheran church was among those that split from Rome during the Reformation.
“Yes, good,” said Mr. Allahdad as he got back on his feet and rushed back into the smoke coming from the mosque.
Moon met with Mr. Kim in Pyongyang , the North Korean capital, last month.
Thomas Liles, an oil sands expert at Rystad Energy, a Norwegian consultancy, said Petroteq’s business aspirations were “theoretically possible.” But he added, “It’s really a little early to say until these technologies are fully demonstrated.” The demonstration is about to begin, and hiccups are always possible with new ventures.
”); the immediate storm of viral outrage the question generated; the subsequent wave of support from friends and strangers; the dozens of requests for interviews.
“He should take all that money and give it to an organization that helps survivors of sexual abuse.” The pace of the board’s deliberations accelerated after Mr. Farrow contacted the board last week regarding his latest article, according to one of the people familiar with the negotiations.
“You don’t want people without good training going out into the field doing criminal investigations, especially when we were expanding the work we were doing in places like Rikers Island,” Mr. Peters said.
Scientists inspected the mutants to find those that were improvements.
__________ Markets can be a costly business.
The roots of the Memorial for Peace and Justice lie in the post-utopian 1970s, in contemporary earth works and site-specific installations that combined Minimalist abstraction and scale with a Conceptualist capacity for political metaphor.
Mr. Sánchez seized on that to force a vote of no confidence, settling an old score with his bitter political rival.
A looming trade war between the United States and China has put Qualcomm, one of America’s largest technology companies, squarely in the middle of the battlefield.
But, in my defense, there is a lot, a lot of paperwork involved.” Ms. Nixon, an award-winning actress (she has a Grammy, two Tonys and two Emmys), has never run a large organization or held elected office before but has been a vocal political activist for more than 15 years.
Ngugi will explore many years later, in his seminal essay “Decolonizing the Mind ,” the complexities of such a creative journey.
Nationalists seek to rally around men who fought for independence against both Russia and Germany; unfortunately, the World War II-era figures being chosen had expressed their vision for independence by murdering Jews.
Henceforth, all seven units in the International System of Units, otherwise known as the S.I., will no longer be defined by material objects and instead will be defined only by abstract constants of nature.
Halftime reading: There’s a bit of shared history between the managers of Iran and Spain, going back to Real Madrid in 2003.
What happened in the attack at the small base in Tarin Kowt, a town in Uruzgan Province, is unclear.
The groom, 38, is an advertising sales account executive in Manhattan for Turner Broadcasting, which is a division of WarnerMedia.
So when the celebrations were over and Bierhoff sat down with the quants at the German software maker SAP, which designs and manages the analytics operations for the national team, he gave them a mission: figure out how to come up with an innovative way to make the most essential information and video available to players at any time, and wherever they might be.
The tricky part, of course, is to let us share the way Katy experiences life, and Ms.
They also had custom sunglasses made by Susan Howard of Hayleys Hats.
“Customers really trust Amazon’s fulfillment offerings.” Those shoppers include Carissa Vinovskis, 26, who puts in 12-hour days researching diabetes at Children’s Hospital Colorado.
Takaya Dupree, a 12th-grader, said Corporal Revels knew almost every student well, since she had been around the school for years.
[For the latest updates on the Mendocino Complex Fire, read this story .]
Otherwise, why would the show have spent so much time introducing him, establishing his brutality and giving him a motive to go after Nick?
“I’m horrified that others would view me as being ‘healed’ in my next life and separated from the love of my current life.” Guests and wedding vendors alike should approach the topic with sensitivity before asking such things as where is the father of the bride?
By trial and error, he now has a growing inventory sold online and, increasingly, in local shops.
Dr. Macklin, in a telephone interview, also said many prisoners would be happy to jump in.
• An explosive device was found north of New York near the home of George Soros, the billionaire philanthropist who is a favorite target of right-wing groups.
To millions of Americans, Bob Harper was the picture of health, a celebrity fitness trainer who whipped people into shape each week on the hit TV show “The Biggest Loser.” But last February, Mr. Harper, 52, suffered a massive heart attack at a New York City gym and went into cardiac arrest.
“The customer relations department couldn’t believe it.
All of this explains why May is trying to negotiate a deal that keeps the customs union intact.
The premise of the mastermind who contrived a treasure hunt sometimes strains credulity, but Johnson writes about the long shadows of the past with such ambition that any reader with a taste for mystery will appreciate the puzzle Candice and Brandon must solve.
“Turtles All the Way Down,” by John Green, and “The House of Government,” by Yuri Slezkine.
But in the 19 months since he took office, Republican-dominated legislatures have been working to impose new restrictions in many states.
Stanley Young, a spokesman for the California Air Resources Board, the state’s clean air regulator, declined to disclose the state of negotiations.
Remember the squalor of Giacometti’s studio as you wend through the retrospective that opens Friday at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum .
The cases are unlikely to provoke an outburst from Mr. Trump similar to the one he unleashed in April after prosecutors raided the home and office of Michael D. Cohen, then the president’s lawyer.
The subtitle is no overstatement: In the early 1920s, first in Paris and then back home in São Paulo, Brazil, this painter really did lay the groundwork for the coming of modernism in Latin America’s most populous nation.
“The baby is dead on arrival,” she said in an interview, denouncing the museum as a conservative project that does not reflect a modern Germany changed by immigration and crying out for new thinking.
It would protect the confidentiality of electronic communications — and the tech industry is fighting hard to quash it.
Johnson, who won the heavyweight title in 1908 and was ostentatious and outspoken in a way black celebrities rarely were at the time, was convicted in 1913 of violating the Mann Act on charges that he had transported a white woman across state lines “for immoral purposes.” The woman Johnson transported, Belle Schreiber, worked as a prostitute and had been one of the heavyweight champion’s many lovers.
“A lot of what was Too Big To Fail under Dodd-Frank became ‘too small to succeed’ because of the onerous regulatory burdens,” Ms. Heitkamp said.
Sometimes winning is just being heard.
Ms. Moore, 52, has worked closely with racetracks for over a decade.
For her, being a Hanfu devotee was something of a paradox.
But those bushy bushy blond hairdos have dark-brown roots.
Should it be set against acts of kindness or heroism, like that of the Ukrainian who saved my father’s father by helping him cross the Bug River in the fall of 1939, and the similar deeds of thousands of other Poles, Ukrainians and Belarussians who saved Jews?
Rarely do we mention what we carry.
Mr. Trump might aim for a similar foreign policy extravaganza in the fall, timed to the United Nations assembly and before the crucial November midterm elections in the United States.
(Washing machines are a good example of this.
It even works pretty well when people miss doses.
The unruly blacks and grays of “Folded Greens” result from a combination of visible brushwork, uneven staining and shifts in tone.
“No recommendation can be made at this time for mask use in the community by asymptomatic persons, including those at high risk for complications, to prevent exposure to influenza viruses,” the agency concludes on its website .
While more than half of Texans want some form of stricter gun control, according to an October poll by the University of Texas and The Tribune, there’s little agreement on the main cause of shootings.
“Will & Grace” drew more than 10 million viewers in its return in September.
“The Fourth Estate,” which chronicles 16 months in the life of The New York Times, is reasonably competent, but it’s also superficial and oblivious a little more often than one might like.
[This study suggests that taking photos won’t take you out of the moment.]
The trend has also put many more people directly in harm’s way.
American diplomats held talks this month with the Taliban in the Gulf state of Qatar for a second time since the White House ordered direct engagement with the insurgents.
He can’t.” Visits from President Trump have been a double-edged sword for Republican candidates in certain states, who want his backing but who fear blanket media coverage of his controversial statements.
In this documentary, Jimmy Page, Eric Clapton, Rod Stewart, Joe Perry and others who played alongside Beck discuss highlights from his prolific career and his artistic inventiveness.
It blamed a “glitch in our computer system in 2017 that inadvertently allowed orders with Puerto Rican addresses to have protection plans processed,” as well as “a few employees acting outside of our longstanding policy.” Guitar Center, which also operates a direct marketer of instruments called Musician’s Friend, has a tumultuous history .
Moon is expected to brief him on the developments next week during a trip to the United Nations.
“And I don’t think the effects will be forever.” Hotels in parts of the island have closed as owners and management assess damage.
Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com .
America and Russia, he tells us, are “not the same.” Americans earn more, and live in bigger apartments.
Fromson discovered it had fallen clear of a plane crash that had killed the jacket’s previous owner, a man named Homer Hendrickson.
You’re not welcome in ours.” Several months later, Ms. Rogers terminated Mr. Traywick’s employment.
Read more » Get introspective about your career It’s never the wrong time to think about what you want in your career, so today is as good a day as any.
The winner in that race received a boost from digital ads paid for by the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, an organization headed by former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr.
It is the second attempt by New York City — Uber’s largest United States market — to cap the company’s vehicles after a failed effort by Mr. de Blasio in 2015.
The cast is great, with Lakeith Stanfield (“Atlanta”) starring as a telemarketer who makes a breakthrough to success at his company, Tessa Thompson (“Creed,” “Thor: Ragnarok”) as his artist/activist girlfriend and Armie Hammer as an orgy-hosting C.E.O.
My twin sister and I had both gotten divorced.
Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com .
Hands are way better doing that.” Moreover, Tesla later learned that the material wasn’t even necessary.
Best Premium Utility Vehicle $50,920 21/31/25 In the past, even-numbered X models have sported clipped sloping back ends.
spokeswoman Dana Loesch, and Republican National Committee chairwoman Ronna McDaniel.
You did not yet have the tools to react when he started to gasp.
In the second police report, a woman told the police that she had consensual sex with Mr. Wynn “several times” while she worked as a dealer at a downtown Las Vegas casino-hotel called the Golden Nugget, but “felt coerced to perform the acts.” She reported that she was forced to resign when she turned him down.
Mr. Pocan of Wisconsin said his bill would create a commission that would examine ICE to determine which of its roles should be performed by other agencies.
It is likely that he would need to bow to the wishes of the left-wing PT leadership and thus avoid politically unpopular fiscal reforms.
The problem was that I didn’t grow up without a mom.
“The fact is, it’s human behavior, and for me it’s fascinating,” he said.
The government will lower the $375,000 salary of the new director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Dr. Robert R. Redfield, after reports that he was being paid considerably more than previous directors, the Department of Health and Human Services confirmed on Monday, though it declined to say what his new pay will be.
In May, the group co-hosted a conference criticizing Qatar, which is locked in a bitter dispute with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Narwhals live only in the Arctic, where it’s dark much of the time, diving thousands of feet to hunt, where it’s dark all of the time.
“I would hope that this case raises awareness of the need to ensure that a valid civil marriage is entered into so as to provide full protection and civil rights to women and children,” said Anne-Marie Hutchinson, one of the country’s leading family lawyers and a partner at the firm Dawson Cornwell.
A wave of complaints about Wells Fargo helped spur the agency’s investigation and exposure of the bank’s sham accounts .
We are just as human as you are; we just have a different and more professional experience with life and death, all of us.
“This is a network made by the working class for the working class,” said Mr. Bayer.
“There’s no way in the world they can knock me off the ballot,” said Mr. Jones, 70, who has unsuccessfully sought the nomination five times.
While the answers are free to everyone, the crossword puzzles require a subscription .
Union drives have not always ended well.
What I don’t particularly like is the fact that they text somebody to ask them out.
He maintains that the only meaningful comparison comes over a full market cycle, which can either be market peak to market peak, or trough to trough, something that can take decades to become apparent.
“You can bet every state will be watching to see what happens.” Several California cities have required that some new buildings include solar power, or have made commitments to 100 percent clean energy through various sources.
Then he doubled down , saying that the aide had been “on the wrong side of history” on important state issues.
It is a secret so open that even its perpetrators seem halfhearted about hiding it.
Mr. Gillum gave her a high-five.
Its name entered Western history around 1699, in a grammar of the Kapampangan language of the Philippines written by a Spanish missionary, who defined it, briefly, as “to cook with vinegar,” giving no hint of its splendor.
She had a special type of wisdom.
“That’s demoralizing, really demoralizing,” he added.
Kenworthy said he was unaware that a television camera had recorded his pre-competition kiss with Wilkas.
Its modular design allows you to insert a braseiro for burning the logs to embers, or a plancha for wood-fired griddling; you can also do hearth-grilling directly on the 10-gauge steel metal platform.
That carries important legal implications: Foreign direction or control of such a purely promotional publication may require disclosure to the Justice Department.
Three years in the West Wing, 5½ years in the White House.
Tweet me at @mikiebarb .
Speaking of stages , a screen behind one on which the band Journey recently performed showed pictures, in memoriam, of Franklin.
Simona, her husband, her father and her mother, all of whom I met over breakfast (her mother makes homemade cake for the guests) spent three years turning fetid, pitch-black caves into cozy, white-painted havens.
But along with his struggles came renewed hope in a story long plagued by news fatigue: The international community began speaking up for Mr. Tashi and his cause.
Sweat and Mr. Matt took advantage of lax security at Clinton to hatch their escape, using power tools to drill out of their adjoining cells, before clambering through the prison’s innards and out of the prison via a maze of pipes and tunnels.
Herring told her to come to his addiction clinic in two days for a follow-up visit and more medication.
They’d grown in lock step, uncannily synced to one another: They’d gotten their periods on the same day, made identical mistakes on their math tests.
To satisfy a changing diet, Union Pacific is introducing more refrigerated cars to carry meat into Mexico.
The comments came after Mr. Trump again criticized the special counsel’s Russia investigation.
According to a person briefed on the deal, an agreement will call for her group to pay off the Weinstein Company’s debt, which totals roughly $225 million.
“My being on the program was a statement for Fred.” The two recreated the scene when Mr. Clemmons returned to the show in 1993.
[ Read what we know about the health effects of e-cigarettes .]
And during a meeting on prison reform, President Trump made a surprise announcement about the Department of Veterans Affairs.
When contacted on Wednesday, Mr. Davis declined to provide further information about Mr. Cohen’s knowledge of the foundation.
The Fulhams also promised to visit wherever he ended up, prompting a sudden trip to Chicago and a road trip to New York and Washington, D.C. “We just thought we’d give them the best experience we could,” Sandra said.
Within a few years she was managing the brand’s salon.
Because people still sent invitations by mail, not email.
No matter how painful sanctions may be, analysts say, Mr. Kim would be unwilling to give up his nuclear weapons unless an accord left him feeling completely safe without them.
“We had very strong tensions,” Mr. Trump said.
On today’s episode: • Jonathan Martin , a national political correspondent for The New York Times.
They bonded over their shared interest in craft beer (she had brought her own to the party) and later went on to home-brew together and travel around the country to visit breweries and try new beers.
At 21, she was introduced to Percocet by a girlfriend and occasional use soon turned daily.
But the outcome was still deadly, and the victims this time included a 15-year-old boy.
Mr. Mnuchin’s openness to this request set off fierce opposition within the administration, especially among Pentagon officials, who feared the sales could compromise American national security.
Investigators attributed that crash to ice crystals forming over the tube’s intake, leading to erroneous measurements and the flight crew reacting incorrectly.
He did it under the auspices of the house of Celine , and he did it with Celine-branded Champagne miniatures and a (literal) drumroll, thanks to members of the Republican Guard.
The fight wasn’t over, though, from conservationists, as well as those looking to preserve the site on behalf of Mr. Sirhan.
It was April, sunny but mild.
Which, that’s — that’s okay.
Members of both the Czech and European parliaments joined.
Built as an open tool for collaboration and empowerment, the web has been hijacked by crooks and trolls who have used it to manipulate people all over the world.
“This smallness, this bigotry, this paranoia, this anxiety,” he said, cadence accelerating, “we’ve got to be for the big, aspirational, ambitious things.” He appealed to their sense of humor.
American stocks are so expensive that, even with the recent underperformance, they remain considerably more expensive than foreign shares.
The challenge for Mr. Pompeo and other sober hands in the administration is to prevent a slide back to fire and fury and to put the denuclearization talks on a more practical and realistic footing than love, which, as Erin Morgenstern noted in her novel “The Night Circus,” is “rarely a solid foundation for decisions to be made upon, in any game.” In the disarmament game, it can be deadly.
The country singer Lee Brice, in a droll poetic reversal, once compared Panama City’s sunsets to the airbrushed T-shirts for sale there.
So what is that, two fingers of Scotch?
Hong Joon-pyo, leader of the main conservative opposition Korean Liberty Party, likened Mr.
The company said at the time that Ms. Denney was wrong and that she had not been demoted.
hasn’t waited for LeBron’s announcement to make their own moves, as many expected.
According to the Johns Hopkins Medical Center : “As the disease gets worse with time, many people develop dementia.
Many of the top speeds on special teams this season were negated by penalties, but the Texans’ Chris Thompson (22.64 m.p.h.)
But now the boomers are approaching the other side.
There may be areas of economics where repeating easy slogans gets you somewhere; health economics, for a variety of reasons, isn’t one of those areas.
They began offering the baked snacks at Pike Place Market in Seattle and soon discovered they had a hit.
The same thing was true of many places he saw: relatively new condo building, beautiful inside, burdensome application process.
It’s bomba.’” His goal has always been to make bomba more accessible to listeners around the world while maintaining respect for its traditions and history.
And as China showed in Sri Lanka, it can be a hard-knuckled debt collector.
Although both Seoul and Washington said the missile bases have long been under the close monitoring of their military intelligence officials, the report was a fresh reminder that North Korea’s missile threat remained intact despite Mr. Trump’s repeated claims of progress in efforts to denuclearize the North.
She cooks from a combination of spectacularly delicious influences: her upbringing in Virginia, her Chinese-born parents, her Korean-Hawaiian-American in-laws and her California home.
Throughout, both Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer made clear that they believed it was unproductive to negotiate in public and repeatedly prodded the president to move the discussion behind closed doors.
The Trump Party has created a budget that is projected for the first time to regularly produce deficits of over a trillion dollars, every year, as far as the eye can see.
He claimed association health plans, which his administration approved in June, will be “frankly better insurance” than those offered under the Affordable Care Act.
But the study, which was leaked to several media organizations last week , found that at least 1,670 clergy members and deacons had abused 3,677 children — more than half of them boys — from 1946 to 2014.
Mr. Bernard, a spiritual power broker who was the first religious leader to step down from President Trump’s evangelical advisory board last year, said his new development would act as a bulwark against gentrification.
Here’s the latest: • Mr. Trump and Mrs. May held private talks and a news conference, in which they tried to restore a sense of unity after the president’s devastating interview with the British tabloid The Sun.
For their trouble, each volunteer was paid about $1,200.
This same court rescinded the telescope’s permit two-and-a-half years ago on procedural grounds, after protests had prevented construction on the mountaintop.
Mr. Kondylis was the architect of choice for Donald J. Trump and other developers of luxury apartment towers in New York for three decades.
They each wore a custom-made shirt: On the back was a picture of Billy Graham; on the front, one of his illustrations of T’Challa, a.k.a.
As for me, I live in an old house with few overhead light fixtures.
Some of Scales’s most gripping material comes in the later pages as she explores the sonic side of things (far from silent, fish can kick up quite a racket), fish cognition and the debate over their ability to feel pain.
But even by this administration’s low standards, trifling with the census, which is required by the Constitution and is a foundation of American democracy, represents a serious breach of trust.
In 2005, then working as an unpaid intern for the San Francisco magazine The Believer, Mr. Fingal was assigned to fact-check an essay by Mr. D’Agata, a celebrated creative-nonfiction writer.
2 with “Hoodie SZN” (Highbridge/Atlantic), while streaming pushed several holiday albums high.
Some of Mr. Romney’s advisers knew that his well-documented history of ideological swerving and recently declared residency in the state would not be received well in a room of 3,627 delegates who are more conservative than their would-be standard-bearer and are now on edge about their relevance.
That conflict of interest was one of many during the 2016 election that seemed to afflict Main Justice, as the Justice Department headquarters is known (and where I worked in the George W. Bush administration with Mr. Wray, whom I have known since law school).
Judge Kavanaugh, she said in remarks to reporters outside the Senate chamber, is “a good man.” But, she added, “if people who are victims, people who feel that there is no fairness in our system of government, particularly in our courts, then you’ve gone down a path that is not good and right.” “We’re dealing with issues right now that are bigger than the nominee.” ____________________ A remark by the Democratic Senate candidate in Tennessee, Phil Bredesen, caught our eye today, as we track how the campaigns are responding to the Kavanaugh confirmation.
“ I think he’s at that point where he’s finding his voice,” he says.
Mr. Hollein will have to raise money for that reconceived project at a time when many cultural projects are vying for funds, namely the Museum of Modern Art’s $400 million expansion ; the Studio Museum in Harlem’s $175 million new home ; the Frick Collection’s $160 million redesign ; and Geffen Hall’s renovation, initially estimated at more than $500 million.
A Bork regulation would also assure Mr. Mueller himself that he can carry out his job without the specter of interference.
Giovanna Santacroce, a 25-year-old ice cream vendor who lives a few hundred yards from the bridge, said she heard what sounded like thunder.
“Broken Politics” was recorded in February 2017, a month after the inauguration of President Trump.
This is about one step above writing a note that says, ‘Dear crime: I am guilty of you.’” — SAMANTHA BEE “Donnie even met alleged Russian agent Maria Butina at an N.R.A.
Ms. Wintour is still here.
So there are certain depictions that are one-sided, but in our own way we tried to balance it a bit more and hopefully show the other side without really hanging a lantern on it.” As a woman caught out of time, Claire is the audience surrogate, and Moore tried to keep the audience viewpoint in mind during upsetting moments like “when Claire and Jamie arrive at the plantation,” he said.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
“You got to live with the mistakes and see what happens at the end of the game.” Since his big-league debut on April 22, Torres has carried himself with the air of a player who has already been in the majors for years, and who intends to stay a while longer.
Aviv Bushinsky, a former media adviser to the prime minister, defended the Netanyahu family, pointing to wayward children of other veteran politicians.
While it’s true that media attention is often like oxygen to restaurants, critics have the power to tell a story other than the one the restaurant is pushing.
And, in 2011, she started the Bureau for the Future of Choreography, an adventurous collective that explores choreographic systems.
But it’s not rocket science, either.
The script doesn’t name-check #MeToo, or take a stand on the hotly debated matter of whether pornography addiction is real.
Ms. Wild and her volunteers, on the other hand, took a bring-it-on attitude toward a debate over abortion rights.
And promised investigations into past corruption by successive governments have floundered.
“There’s some research to show that as more Latinos are in the country for second and third generation, they tend not to be as stridently Democratic over time,” he said.
I grew up with an aversion to India’s first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru.
The French leader’s critics are having a field day over a video of his security chief, Alexandre Benalla, beating up a May Day protester — and Mr. Macron’s refusal to answer questions about it.
Her five siblings’ lives at times were chaotic, because of scandal and divorces, and she stepped in to help raise their families.
There weren’t enough medical staff.
They come from around the country to be weighed, measured and given antibiotics and a milk formula before moving on to Plumpy’Nut, a peanut-based nutritional paste — if their bodies can handle it.
“What is not so clear to him is how firmly he can trust the United States’ commitment to ending hostile relations and providing security guarantees for his government should it denuclearize.” Mr.
(A Civil Rights Memorial Center was added in 2005.)
In Los Angeles alone, an estimated half-million people gathered downtown wearing pink hats and bright costumes; participants chanted, delivered rousing speeches and warned against political apathy.
If Saudi Arabia “receives any action, it will respond with greater action,” the Saudi Foreign Ministry said in a statement, citing the oil-rich kingdom’s “influential and vital role in the global economy.” Saudi Arabia “affirms its total rejection of any threats and attempts to undermine it, whether by threatening to impose economic sanctions, using political pressures, or repeating false accusations,” the Foreign Ministry said.
Greenpeace said the accident may become an environmental disaster.
He also worked as a public advocacy consultant to Caron Treatment Centers, which runs rehabilitation programs.
Before the child was born, the surrogate was taken to China on a tourist visa.
He uses a whip soaked in gasoline to beat his wife and takes pleasure in her pain: “His pencil-thin lips were curved upward in a smile.” In scene after scene, Sital portrays his violent rage, his complete indifference to the suffering of his wife and six children, whom he treats as slaves, with no rights or means of protection.
She believed at the time that the increases were exclusively because the Trumps had switched the building to a different affordable-housing program.
We consulted financial and food experts alike for how they satisfy their budgets and their appetites.
The following year, the suit maintains, companies with “political connections” to town officials dumped nearly 40,000 tons of debris containing asbestos and pesticides into Roberto Clemente Park, which primarily served the Latino community.
But at least initially, he received a somewhat muted defense from Democrats still angry about the way he handled the investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s private email server.
Based on the historical record, “normal” in the stock market includes unsettling conditions of the kind we have been experiencing lately.
As economies around the globe reeled, Mr. Shah found himself in one of the few growth segments in banking.
Flipping through its pages, I stopped abruptly on page 20 when I saw the words: “Kripalu in India.” A nonprofit yoga and wellness center in Lenox, Mass., Kripalu, now in its 40th year, hosts nearly 50,000 guests a year who come for its wide variety of programs.
Mr. Evans spent the time remodeling his house in Boston and bonding with his family.
Yet the critic he strove most to please was his father, the Impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
Amsterdam is a small Mohawk River city, about 30 miles north of Schoharie.
Israeli military dominance over the Palestinians is overwhelming and Arab states have lost interest in the Palestinian cause.
Sharon L. Giovinazzo, president and chief executive of World Services for the Blind , was recently walking through an airport with her trained service dog Watson when a “pocket pooch” growled and then bit him, she said.
FX, like nearly every other cable channel in the streaming and cord-cutting era, has had declining ratings in recent years, but is still available in 90 million homes.
I also took a tourniquet from an old Army first aid kit and put it in the top drawer of my desk, alongside the calculators and pencils.
Jewdas describes itself as a forum for “radical voices for the alternative diaspora.” It has called Israel a “ steaming pile of sewage ,” while criticizing those who organized recent protests against anti-Semitism in the Labour Party.
He talked about reversing a centerpiece of his own trade policy.
The influence of early variety television, with its succession of skits and songs, runs through “Sesame Street” and “The Muppet Show,” though Henson also spent the late 1960s crafting peace-and-love documentaries and prototyping a psychedelic nightclub.
The narrative of barbecues and holidays cannot emerge unscathed from the moral seriousness of the objections.
It’s a great example to the world about their success.” Read more » The W.H.O.
One of the points he made is that most people are actually pretty nice.
A child who can never live independently requires considerable financial resources, and how to provide him or her with a secure and happy future after the parents are gone is a source of constant worry.
The emphasis on the physical tolls of aging might be excused as a bold confrontation of tough truths.
With Britain to leave the European Union in 2019, Mrs. May hopes to negotiate a new trade agreement with the United States, and the state visit was partly seen as a way of cementing ties with Mr. Trump.
Though Mr. Trump ended the meeting genially, the accusations clearly stuck with him, Mr. Comey’s memos showed.
Liviu Dragnea, the leader of Romania’s governing Social Democratic Party, accused the bloc in December of “discriminatory” treatment, telling party members, “Romania will no longer accept being treated as a second-rate country.” The prime minister, Viorica Dancila, said it had been rebuked in the past simply “because we are an Eastern European country.” The European Union council presidency is responsible for leading meetings, determining agendas and fostering dialogue.
ALIA SHAWKAT It’s very surreal doing a job for 15 years.
Living in the heart of Atlanta, I’m used to the white noise of distant traffic, transit trains and a million hungry lawn mowers.
The documentary ended famously with Mr. Durst muttering off camera, “What the hell did I do?
Tshego is a child of southeast London.
“Most of the quotes that we kick back and forth all these years later are from some Freestyle show in Edinburgh or Australia or Brooklyn,” Mr. Kail said.
“It just didn’t feel right.
News of the sale surfaced this week.
Since 2011, some 22 states, mostly controlled by Republicans, have passed laws to restrict access to the ballot, which disproportionately target Democratic constituencies such as people of color.
“Freedom of speech and hate speech and offensive content.
The airplane was bright and shiny, with that new plane smell.
(Mr. Findling later secured Gucci Mane’s early release from prison after three years, leading to the rapper’s magnificent rebirth and best-selling autobiography .)
• “ Native America , ” a four-part PBS documentary, is a poetic look at the earliest societies in North, Central and South America, writes our critic Margaret Lyons .
The exhibition is on view through Dec. 31.
So let’s put everything on the table, including the legal status of the millions of illegal immigrants who entered the country as adults and changing immigration policy in a way that is more economically beneficial.
In 1991, Lynch directed a 30-second teaser trailer for Michael Jackson’s album “Dangerous.” Opening with the very Lynchian image of fluttering red curtains, it concludes with Jackson’s head in a floating bubble.
The tradition dates back some 800 years — long before Johannes Gutenberg turned out Europe’s first printed page in 1454 .
In his 2016 book, “Listen, Liberal,” Thomas Frank wrote that “the hope drained out of the Obama movement” at the meeting between the fledgling president and Wall Street C.E.O.s in March 2009: “After warning them about ‘the pitchforks’ of an angry public, Obama reassured the frightened bankers that they could count on him to protect them; that he had no intention of restructuring their industry or changing the economic direction of the nation.” (After he left the White House, Obama followed Hillary’s lead, buckraking on Wall Street .)
But del Potro also is a fan favorite, admired for his gracious demeanor and perseverance through his many wrist problems.
But his impact on the Senate, his influence on his colleagues, and the force of his will won’t be forgotten.
At the time, he would recount how he used to babysit the future 43rd president of the United States.
It means that they are competitive.” “We’ll be competing — as you know, the United States is now — or soon will be, but I think it actually is right now the largest in the oil and gas world.” — Donald Trump Asked about his misleading comment last week that Germany is “captive” to Russia because of its Russian gas imports, Mr. Trump said the United States “will be competing” with Russia as an energy provider.
So in 2014 she decided to pursue a career as a carpenter, and she is now on the cusp of completing her fourth year in a carpentry apprentice program at the Keystone Mountain Lakes Regional Council of Carpenters in Pittsburgh.
“John Ehle’s meld of historical fact with ineluctable plot-weaving makes ‘The Land Breakers’ an exciting sample of masterful storytelling,” Ms. Lee wrote.
The five-year deal is worth as much as $300 million, according to two people with knowledge of the deal, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private negotiations.
When she walked away from the argument, I chimed in and asked the guy, “Are you really gonna let that girl get away?” He turned to me and said, “What’s it to you, Pops?” I was instantly cured of any fantasy that I still lived in the same world as people under 40.
The United States has, by far, more guns in more hands than any other country in the developed world.
“It’s a diverse story, an eclectic story, a never-ending story.” Mr. Lippman said he considered souvenirs from the decades of pre-Disney roadside attractions and gift shops in Florida as noteworthy.
But it is differently gut-punching and breathtaking now than it was during the year that Ben Platt led the cast.
After a six-week trial, Judge Leon concluded that the Justice Department did not provide enough evidence that it would harm consumers and competitors.
After his 1949 noir, “The Third Man,” set in postwar Vienna, the director Carol Reed returned to the region for this drama that takes place in postwar Berlin.
Every troupe took me somewhere I hadn’t been before, though not all had the secret of making me feel they had more to offer than what they had performed.
The Europeans have been working with the State Department for some time to try to persuade Mr. Trump to remain in the nuclear agreement, which he has consistently called “the worst deal in history.” They proposed discussing parallel new sanctions on Iran for its missile program, its support of the Syrian government and its backing of the Houthi rebels in Yemen and of groups like Hamas, Hezbollah and Islamic Jihad elsewhere in the Middle East.
Gavin Newsom, the Democratic lieutenant governor of California, vowed to encourage cooperation among states that have legalized marijuana.
The failure to pass such legislation has left uneven oversight.
She lived in Clifton, N.J. Mr. Firth, who played on several of Ms. VerPlanck’s last albums, said her knack for nailing her vocals was as evident in the recording studio as it was on the stage.
From an international perspective, however, Monday’s announcement means that Germany’s period of intense introspection, at the expense of an assertive regional and global leadership role, will continue.
Ms. Maxwell made her final Broadway appearance — also to rave reviews — in the 2011 revival of Stephen Sondheim and James Goldman’s “ Follies ” as the chorus girl turned trophy wife who sings “Could I Leave You?” Janice Elaine Maxwell was born on Nov. 20, 1956, in Fargo, N.D., the fifth of six children of Ralph B. Maxwell, a district court judge, and the former Elizabeth Fargusson, who later became an Environmental Protection Agency lawyer.
Profits jumped by 55 percent in 2017!
“This murder might have been committed at a consulate building which may be considered Saudi Arabian land, but it rests within the borders of Turkey,” Mr. Erdogan said, adding that international agreements on the status of consular property “cannot allow the investigation of this murder to be concealed behind the armor of immunity.” The Saudi government maintained at first that Mr. Khashoggi left the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul alive on Oct. 2.
“And to display it, you just need a nail.” Other kinds of art works require “a different kind of commitment,” he added.
There are half a million non-Western immigrants and descendants in Denmark; the Danish government does not provide statistics on religious groups.
The shield held for the most part, except on those rare mornings when the air temperature nose-dived to around 40 below, where Celsius and Fahrenheit finally collide.
His election to the presidency is legitimizing machismo behavior, not just locker room rhetoric.
The only other sounds are from the sticks (some loud percussive clacks) or breathing.
Love or legislation, it’s all back-room politics.
Today he hears white people complain that their problems have been forgotten as political leaders focus on black misery.
It is all so vibrant, so alive — the sight of tens of thousands of fans mounting a pilgrimage just to see their team train; the sound of 70,000 in full voice, basking in glorious sunshine, hours before a game; the smell of the cordite; the smoke of the flares.
Hughes quotes Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the architect of a previous attempt at a national guaranteed income, as saying that it failed because it was “both too much and too little; too radical, too reactionary; too comprehensive, not comprehensive enough.” Yet his plan seems to make exactly the same mistake.
Yet besides Price, only one of the 17 pitchers chosen first over all before Monday — Strasburg — has made more than one All-Star team.
The potent, jiggly cubes offer reassurance that, despite the restaurant’s cool interior, it’s O.K.
I’ll take my chances.” TAVERNISE: So then they get all blustery.
The German people could make nothing of them.
Mr. Chow, 56, who lived in Queens and went by the nickname “Kenny,” disappeared on May 11.
My monthly payment is a near impossible amount for a recent college grad.
I got the idea at my friend Shawn’s dinner party this past winter.
Were they all like the pinball wizard in “Tommy” — the rock opera in which Turner portrayed the Acid Queen — deaf, dumb and blind?
They came out scratching and clawing.” Kentucky entered the weekend with the nation’s top scoring defense and had not allowed anyone to exceed 20 points all year, but it could not slow down Georgia’s Swift and Holyfield, who both passed the 100-yard mark by the end of the third quarter.
“Sleep deprived but ready.” Outside the capitol, Senator Aaron Bean, a Republican, was rushing into the building.
Words and images work together in murals labeled “Home Front” and “War Front” that put you in the middle of the war’s primary issues and events.
• U.S. stocks were up on Friday.
Angel L. Lopez, a staff member of the New York City clerk’s office, officiated.
While motor vehicle deaths have declined over the last two decades, firearm deaths have not: According to the most recent statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more people now die from firearms than motor vehicle accidents .
The loving-making, which is continuous, was shot by both partners passing small portable cameras back and forth between them.
He didn’t make any decision in a concrete manner.” In fact, it was Justice Gersdorf who had recommended that Justice Iwulski fill in for her — a move experts thought would make it harder for the party in power to stack the court.
Codex Protocol, a blockchain-based art registry, organized the event.
Others — about tax overhaul, drug abuse and relations with Cuba — still resonate today.
It was more than an hour until its 1 2-inch Zei ss Refracting telescope would open for viewing the night sky, but already a line was forming of people wanting to get a closer look at the planets, the moon and the larger stars.
• Recipe of the day: Stay with us on this one — pasta and brussels sprouts make a great combination.
“People are not people to him, they are instruments of his ego.
But here, the shared evening — featuring Parijat Desai, Angie Pittman and Paz Tanjuaquio — proved one of the most fully realized.
“It’s great that O’Rourke has inspired so many people and raised so much money, and if he can spend it all effectively in Texas, he is well within his rights to do so,” said Matthew Miller, a veteran Democratic strategist and Texas native.
What could be better with some of the tech tools you use?
After all, one of our biggest issues currently is what I like to call the Glut of Stuff, most recently evinced by H&M’s $4.3 billion worth of unsold goods.
The variety of baskets in the world — with their distinct shapes and materials and techniques and uses — is endless.
Resort to that power, after long being treated as an exception , has been normalized in recent times, in an effort to provide a semblance of constitutional backing — seasoned with arbitrary meanings — for the Chinese government’s repressive measures.
Using sore throat as an example, health insurers reimburse emergency departments at an average of $956 for a sore throat, compared with $131 at an urgent care center .
The humidifier whirs; the sky outside the window is pitch black except for the street lamp.
I will if I can find some good shrimp at the market, wild-caught and sweet.
Can you not understand the obvious?
Blame was also involved with, and left traces on, many of the fashion moments and movements of the ’80s and onward.
Some of the queens scheduled to perform were annoyed about their running mascara, but the bigger issue was ticket buyers, who largely stayed home.
But he said that he was planning to watch the coverage closely.
Some of the most mundane devices are designed to accomplish a simple task extremely well — and in some cases they still execute those duties better than their high-tech brethren.
Vrana sprung Kuznetsov for a breakaway on Washington’s tying goal 52 seconds into the third and finished off Ovechkin’s pass for the game-winner.
At a very weird cabinet meeting in June of last year, at which cabinet members went around the table lavishing praise on Mr. Trump, Mr. Zinke told the president it was “an honor to be your steward of our public lands and the generator of energy dominance.” Generator yes, steward no.
So do most Syrian opposition groups.
Andrew M. Cuomo will arrive at the New York State Democratic convention this week with surer political footing.
He was also accused of kidnapping and adopting a 5-year-old boy, Ramiro Osorio Cristales, whose family was killed in the massacre.
There was a time when the N.R.A., founded in 1871, focused principally on hunting, marksmanship and conservation, and was willing to compromise on gun legislation.
She continued, “At one point, these people had parents.
Aside from the top 200 companies, the rest of the market, as a whole, is burning, not earning, money.
But as soon as they were built, the money stopped.
People were dealing with so much trauma and loss and yet I was welcomed into homes, onto farms, at parties.
The Russian explained to Mr. Cohen how the Russian government could provide the Trump campaign with “political synergy” and “synergy on a government level,” and offered to set up a meeting between Mr. Trump, then a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, and President Vladimir Putin of Russia.
Pharmacy benefit managers have traditionally offered employers and insurers incentives requiring that long-term prescriptions be filled through the managers’ own mail-order pharmacies.
Arrayed at 11 tables, the participants — mostly young women — broke into teams of up to six members with names like Snapes on a Plane and Dobby’s Revenge.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
Raffo (“Nine Parts of Desire,” which The Times called an “ impassioned theatrical documentary ”) stars as Noura, an Iraqi matriarch who has resettled in New York City and is now trimming the tree.
Governments that boast about their protected areas without actually protecting them, Mr. Watson said, are “selling a myth.” Even Unesco’s Natural World Heritage sites — supposedly the planet’s greatest natural treasures — have a human footprint closer on average to farmland than to wilderness, he notes.
What he did have was a place to stay: his friend’s couch in Greenpoint, Brooklyn.
In the end it was the latter.
And even when an occasional thought does feel overwhelming, you can sit tight with the knowledge that nothing bad has ever happened when you haven’t acted on those thoughts before.
And in this case, some of the central players are African-Americans, including Mr. Gillum and the Broward County supervisor of elections, Brenda C. Snipes, whom Republicans like Mr. Scott have called out by name for enabling “ rampant fraud ,” as the governor put it last week.
In between is the intricate, subtly rendered account of what happened to his mother, Rose.
The government has a lot to be concerned about.
Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has sarcastically thanked him for showing America’s “true face.” While Iranian officials had no warm feelings toward Mr. Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, top diplomats from the two countries collaborated closely on the nuclear accord, which eased sanctions in return for Iran’s verifiable pledges to never acquire nuclear weapons.
Their subways are accessible, and the taxi fleet is 100 percent accessible.
What’s at stake in the current crisis?
↓ His Grandmother Steps In The patient’s grandmother, who lived in Denver, was very concerned about his leg and asked her grandson to call right after his appointment with Turner.
They come with cancer, heart disease and a host of other medical conditions.
Ms. Goldschmidt also said that the surfers hosting the Experience s are an integral part of W.S.L.’s community and have been vetted by the organization.
When Sears, once America’s largest retailer, made its bankruptcy filing Monday in a White Plains courthouse , the proximate cause was the decision by Eddie Lampert, by far its biggest individual creditor and shareholder, not to make a $134 million loan payment that was due .
At her death Ms. Hart was still exploring ways to expand on entrenched lines of thought as a producer of “Shirah of Bethlehem,” an animated musical that seeks to add a female figure to the male-heavy imagery surrounding Christmas.
The wisdom of the Massachusetts furlough program was open to debate aside from race.
Fusing the intimacy of pen and ink with the vérité of cinema, we have created a work that tells a story that would be impossible to convey through either medium alone.
The W Doha, the W Dubai and also the coming W Amman will all host their own What She Said events later this year.
history that Kobe Bryant came out of nowhere on Twitter to remind people that they don’t have to decide on just one greatest player.
Most children think of Winnie-the-Pooh as the mustard-yellow bear in the bafflingly small red shirt.
Yes, investment did jump in the first half of 2018 — when you provide huge tax subsidies for investment, it’s no surprise that companies will do more of it.
As the world soon discovered, she learned she had won the role of Miranda Hobbes on “Sex and the City” while she was preparing a Passover Seder.
Dobard also said most of New Orleans’ public schools were still primarily attended by the city’s most impoverished students and urged more middle-class families to participate in public schools.
Away in California for summer military training.
THE RAVENMASTER My Life With the Ravens at the Tower of London By Christopher Skaife 241 pp.
The director of the F.B.I., Christopher A. Wray, testified recently that he believed universities were underestimating the ability of Chinese students to collect valuable national security intelligence.
For years, the hospital in this logging town, which had no intensive care unit and limited surgery facilities, has struggled with the challenges many rural hospitals face.
Are you thinking about using the feature this year?
On “moving money home” U.S. corporations have large assets overseas.
John Oliver, a Baptist minister, officiated.
Tell her why you didn’t want it to be overtly sexy.
Slightly more than 38,000 people died in crashes last year, and about half were unbelted.
She has had three capital punishment cases that ended in plea deals and consulted with Mr. English almost daily before and during Mr. McCoy’s trial.
Matters like the ones Mr. Minoli raised with investigators have the potential to represent a violation of federal ethics rules because, for example, staff members are not allowed to use agency resources for personal benefit.
The visual instructions (via a tablet app) guide kids through building a robot (with some 850 included Lego pieces) and programming it (again, via the app and using included sensors and electronics) to perform tasks like singing, dancing and avoiding obstacles.
It wasn’t.” The hackers, he said, entered “a certain email account and there was information about manipulations conducted within the Democratic Party to incline the process in favor of one candidate.” In July 2016, shortly before the Democratic National Convention began, the website WikiLeaks began posting a trove of emails hacked from Democratic National Committee officials.
Rather than choosing between bad allies and bad enemies, we should be working frantically to do the one thing that is in our whole country’s security interest, financial interest and moral interest — launch a Manhattan Project to get America off oil by 2025.
It’s not only the underachievers.
It’s true that the president brought a lot of this criticism upon himself.
Another was “Bill Nye Destroys Noah’s Ark,” in which the famed scientist dismantles arguments from creationist Ken Ham.
If you’re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV, sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendations straight to your inbox.
Even when a person with depression casually mentions death or suicide, it’s important to ask follow-up questions.
The region has gained a reputation as the world’s strictest overseer of the technology industry.
According to two people familiar with the circumstances of his dismissal, Mr. Caraballo had been under investigation for a separate matter related to his military service.
Ms. Watson ran Books & Company until it closed in 1997.
Fifteen of them were from Saudi Arabia, two from the United Arab Emirates and another from Lebanon.
In China, Qu Yuan has come to be honored as a historical exemplar of selfless loyalty to the people.
As the world celebrates the achievements of athletes gliding over, down and across snow, I’ve been reflecting on what I see in the mountains and for the future of these very Games.
Still estimated had attended the Women’s March in Washington in 2017.
I didn’t really find out: When the drummer Obed Calvaire finally took one, on Warren Wolf’s original “Give the Drummer Some,” it was at the very end of the night.
They wanted to expand it, to get other people not to talk to me.
who has been a 20-game winner and an All-Star.
Crowley, 56, has been in Congress for nearly two decades and, since 2013, has represented New York’s 14th Congressional District, which includes parts of the Bronx and Queens.
And yet portraiture — in the classic, realist sense — has become increasingly essential (and visible) in the last few years.
Ms. Lamberti retired as an independent clothing designer, and sold her work under her own label, Queen of Hearts, and is a painter whose work has been shown at Café Del Sol, a restaurant, and at the Jacksonville Community Center, both in Floyd.
Newark, the largest city in New Jersey and long a symbol of urban decay, has had a rush of development downtown that has encouraged new businesses to open.
single, Morton settled down, striking out 10 in six innings and leaving with a 5-3 lead after surrendering a solo home run to Aaron Judge in the fifth.
How has that changed over the last year?
Christmas surprise: A man in Wales opened his front door and found 14 years’ worth of presents for his young daughter, given by his recently deceased neighbor.
Above, an election poster from the show.
( Verge ) Best of the rest • Something strange happened to drug costs in the U.S. during the 1990s.
After nearly eight years in government — six years as governor of South Carolina in addition to her time at the United Nations — her 2018 financial disclosure report shows Ms. Haley has at least $1.5 million in debts, including a mortgage of more than $1 million.
But because I had breasts, I passed.
After restraining the sergeant with duct tape, military investigators said, Petty Officer DeDolph, a former professional mixed martial arts fighter, put Sergeant Melgar into a chokehold.
A glamorous vamp, she lived in an extravagant Hollywood mansion she called the Garden of Allah.
“Cheeseburger in Paradise,” which he wrote after a precarious sailing trip, is about a cheeseburger, plain and simple, with a euphoric bridge that is just a list of condiments he loves.
We saw their relationships develop and grow.
Aids digestion.” Pepsi-Cola was known as Brad’s Drink when it was first sold in 1893, at Caleb Bradham’s pharmacy in New Bern, N.C.
“There are things that I have to clarify as well,” Mr. Pompeo quickly responded.
“I think it will get us through,” she said.
A rhinoceros will soon be on view in Midtown Manhattan — a life-size aluminum rhinoceros, that is, from which a tire, a copier, a vacuum cleaner and other human artifacts sprout in all directions.
To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here .
Creating the vault could also increase technology transfers to the developing world.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment.
How do you think about acquiring new works?
He maintained that the hot dog cart bees could have come from the InterContinental .
After months of fraught negotiations and stalled talks, the Trump administration is aiming to announce a preliminary deal on the North American Free Trade Agreement this month, moving to resolve one trading conflict as a separate clash with China looms.
Of his two opponents, he concerned himself with only one, a 30-year-old Harvard Law School graduate, Elizabeth Holtzman, a reform candidate, who had been active in the civil rights movement and served as mayoral aide to John V. Lindsay.
The Saudi government maintains that he left the consulate on Oct. 2 and is not in its custody.
Sports bankers said the Denver Broncos, the New Orleans Saints and the Tennessee Titans could change hands in the next few years.
Any sign of a separate national identity within Spain was crushed.
Mr. Luber, who, like many sneakerheads, speaks of his footwear collection as if it were an ever-expanding portfolio, started collecting at age 10.
Cameron Gaebler Los Angeles To the Editor: My top one or two (O.K., three) issues are: Medicare and Social Security .
And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing.
The two Mr. Wongs, who are not related, were immediately taken into custody after the sentencing.
And the notebook contained advice on how to develop that, much of which I’m still learning.
“This thing is as old as we thought it was, and it was probably the earliest Homo sapien out of Africa ever found,’” said Dr. Quam.
I’m out of hope now and have only regret.” When the flood hit last week, Cambodia was in the midst of preparations for its national election, in which victory was assured for Prime Minister Hun Sen , the country’s increasingly authoritarian leader.
Nos parece que hay un paralelo con los seres humanos, los cuales tienen cerebros más grandes y habilidades optimizadas, en comparación con otros animales”, señaló Claudio Mello, un neurocientífico de la Universidad de la Salud y la Ciencia de Oregon.
“I want to build the ESPN of video games.”
Democrats who once saw health care and abortion as their best lines of attack against Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, are recalibrating their approach to go after him for his view that a sitting president should not have to answer questions in a criminal case, much less face indictment.
Messi’s rival for the title of the world’s best player, Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal, was eliminated the same day by Uruguay.
The baby, who was admitted to an Ebola treatment center six days after birth, has recovered from the virus, medical officials say.
He faces up to five years in prison but said in court that he expected to serve six months or less.
Can I contribute to a family?
But the customer showed up there, too, he said.
The parliament and public that once rallied around Mr. Sirisena are now bitterly divided over what his critics call an unconstitutional attempt to consolidate power.
He walked in with a handful of books under his arm and emerged, an hour later, with three sets of handcuffs fastened to his wrists (they were linked in order to stretch across his back).
And it’s not just health care, nor is it just the courts.
The empire, centered in what is now Turkey, ruled most of the Arab world at that time.
Armed with a semi-automatic rifle and three handguns, he killed 11 people and wounded six more, including four police officers.
But the drop in drug prosecutions was eye-popping.
If you are concerned there are some specific districts and schools that are responding particularly poorly to this, I don’t think this study gets at that question.” Mr. Petrilli also said the report did not answer the question at the heart of the Obama-guidance criticism: whether racial bias accounted for all the disparities.
Her daughter and other witnesses were “shocked,” she said.
The European Union detailed a three-step plan to penalize $3.5 billion of American trade — the same amount of European steel and aluminum the bloc estimates would be harmed by the planned tariffs.
Record rainfall continued to batter Japan on Sunday, with millions of people being urged to leave their homes because of the risk of flooding and landslides that have already killed dozens.
Jessica Powell ( @themoko ) is the former head of communications for Google and the author of “The Big Disruption: A Totally Fictional but Essentially True Silicon Valley Story.” Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
ICE officials did not respond to requests for comment.
Will BlackRock’s algorithms beat the fund managers?
What’s happening: Comcast is trying to throw Disney and Fox off their game.
Ms. Lee recalled that Ms. Trott said: “Well, I don’t know.
California expects drier dry years and wetter wet ones in the decades ahead.
Thousands of Nigerians have been abducted and killed by Boko Haram in episodes that have gotten little or no attention from the authorities or the news media.
The special counsel investigating Russian _________ in the 2016 election issued an indictment of 12 Russian intelligence officers in the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton presidential campaign.
Here is one way the dispute could worsen: By provoking responses from Canada and Mexico, the tariffs could derail the current renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
He lamented his inability to connect with other people — from Army comrades who he said would not travel with him while stationed in Europe to women who refused to go out with him.
“Today we are sending a message that our struggle is without arms and guns, and we will wait and see if the world receives the message, and pressures Israel to stop its crimes against our people,” Mahmoud al-Zahar, a senior Hamas leader, told reporters at the protests in Gaza City.
Mr. Pichai noted that Google had made some “important changes” in how it handles harassment cases, according to the remarks.
Instead, see how far this expansion can go and how high it can lift people before making any sweeping, ideologically driven moves.
The orange dunes frosted with snow look at first as though they could be images from a frozen moon circling some distant planet.
If the image of a typical entrepreneur in Silicon Valley is a young man in a hoodie, in many urban areas of the Muslim World, it could easily be a young woman in a hijab.
He works in Crystal City, Va., the site of the company’s American headquarters.
They set up new computers and put up an “Audit Department” sign over their section of the office.
Mr. Trump spoke briefly about the memo and said, “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.” Earlier on Friday, Mr. Trump said in a Twitter post , “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago.
We feel caught in the middle.” For one commenter and his wife, the decision was clear cut.
It might yet be a form of feminism — if feminists can stop going with a current that their foremothers wisely attempted to resist.
If the ocean hadn’t been icebound, would the fur trade have followed him down the river to China?
Only a couple of weeks out did my wife, Mary , remind me that we’d be traveling for my son’s birthday.
In this case, a group of vocal conservatives in the Senate allied with the National Sheriffs’ Association is facing off against a cohort of supporters of the bill that includes senior Senate Republicans, Democrats, a Republican House speaker and President Trump.
And some of the Democratic lawmakers who were most essential to securing the House majority warned that the party could not take its gains in the suburbs for granted.
But a surge of wealthy international visitors is helping charge the high-end construction boom and bringing global attention to the “Red City,” as it is named because of its rose-colored buildings.
Kylian Mbappe passes to Antoine Griezmann, who crosses it beautifully to Olivier Giroud, who ... blasts it over the bar.
Axios covers the Trump administration with a bullet-pointed morning newsletter, by the well-connected Washington journalist Mike Allen, and quick-hit scoops from its sole White House reporter, Jonathan Swan.
“Where there are lots of different styles, there’s lots of starting and stopping.
What will become of San Marco is unclear, and some friars there still hold out hope for some form of divine intervention.
For people in midlife, remembering that we all have to die may redirect ongoing goals; for seniors, such a workout may remind us to view current problems within the context of what really matters most to us.
But whatever my quibbles, the actual core of the movie is so pertinent that I’ve continued to think about it, hard, since I first saw it.
Over the last few months, at least 26 others have joined them.
The economy grew at 4.1 percent in the second quarter.
He is survived by his wife, Ramona Ripston, a retired executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California; three children, Mark, Justin and Dana; and seven grandchildren.
“It was an amazing setup that was close to foolproof,” Mr. McDade said, noting that most rare book thieves get caught trying to sell their goods.
And ever present is the enchantment of his voice, one that is at turns exuberant, humorous, unsentimental, imaginative, keen.
But when black and Hispanic families already have considerably less wealth than whites, quitting your job to run for office is actually a pretty big deal.
Clement barreled up the middle for a 7-yard run, setting up a 2nd-and-goal from the New England 2-yard line, which forced the Patriots to call a timeout.
Rick Scott of Florida when he signed an array of gun limits into law earlier this year .
Jasanoff reminds us that the brain is not some mystical machine — it’s a gooey, bloody tangle of cells, dripping with chemicals.
The backing from his bosses was not exactly a shock: Mr. Hannity is the top ratings draw at Fox News, and he has been unapologetic about what he described as an informal, “de minimis” arrangement with Mr. Cohen, whom he has vigorously defended on air.
Laura Robson of Britain thrilled the home fans with her 2008 girls’ championship, and made fourth-round runs at the United States Open and Wimbledon while still a teenager.
That said, the authorities in states with the laws, including Connecticut, Indiana, Oregon and Washington, say they have seen patterns: upticks in the use of such laws after mass shootings in other places.
Try a Trade ] Rosabeth Moss Kanter, a Harvard Business School professor who is director of the leadership initiative , said the program was started “to deploy a new leadership force of people transitioning from their main career to their next years of service.” Todd Fisher, 52, a fellow in Harvard’s program, was ready for a new challenge.
“People don’t really know what it costs and they don’t know what it takes” to tackle home repairs, said Brad Hunter, HomeAdvisor’s chief economist.
Pick: Patriots -3 Bengals at Chiefs , 8:20 p.m., NBC Patrick Mahomes has not discouraged the Brett Favre comparisons with four interceptions over his last two games, but just like Favre, the Kansas City quarterback showed no quit last week when the Chiefs (5-1) got behind at New England.
Mr. Barba and Mr. Pellerito set out to create a portrait of Mr. Gomes, who comes across as an extremely nice guy.
In 2016, Uber started charging passengers on some rides more than drivers were paid , without notifying them, in a policy called “upfront pricing.” By the logic of Silicon Valley, the company was simply trying out a new pricing policy, but many drivers were angry that their livelihoods were part of this experiment.
A Potter Newbie on That Broadway Show ] PAULSON Pamela, you mentioned that on second viewing you had some critical thoughts about the play, and Maria, you’ve hinted that seeing the play has made you think more critically about the books.
Namal Rajapaksa, the former president’s son who is a member of Parliament, said on Twitter that he had “never seen politicians get so excited” about postponing elections.
His legal clients have included the Independent Petroleum Association of America and Halliburton Energy Services, the oil-and-gas extraction firm once led by former Vice President Dick Cheney.
They named it REINCAR, which was short for reindeer carcasses, but also the start of the word reincarnation.
If you have a STAR MAP, you will be able to locate the CANCER constellation.
Peter Born, along with Mr. Thomson, is the work’s director.
Good on ya for that, especially if it means gaining a deeper understanding of the place through visiting.
Right to work forces unions to represent even those who don’t pay dues or claim membership, discouraging workers from joining and contributing.
“The players’ most important relationship is with the strength coach,” Cortazzo said.
It is not a typical sports arena.
That was a first for a streaming service, and it also snapped HBO's 17-year streak for leading all networks in Emmy nominations.
Next year a third will be extended to a woman in the African diaspora.
And a summit raises the stakes, so a failure could trigger angry new escalations on each side, leaving us worse off than where we started.
Mr. Nowacoski walks among the birds, carrying a blue feed bucket in each hand.
“I believe your name should mean something and sound correct with your last name, too,” his mother said.
It has undermined trust in Danish politics and it has severely dented the country’s self-image as a bastion of honest, efficient government.
Ideologically speaking, that private data store would be a true team effort: built as an intellectual commons, funded by token speculators, supported by the regulatory state.
Aside from having sex, which most of us prefer to do without outsiders around, people enjoy doing activities with their partner and friends together more than with only their spouse.
kids that genuinely think that their existence is wrong,” she said on Thursday night in an interview with Jazmine Hughes of The New York Times Magazine.
For vogueing and its adherents, a little pain can sometimes evolve into the perfect pose.
as it evaluates where to set national standards for key pollutants like ozone and particulate matter,” he said, adding the group would “work hard over the next two years to advise E.P.A.
(Mr. Trump made some inaccurate claims, and we fact-checked them .)
Each team is one game behind Kansas City (10-2).
Arsenal’s defense had evaporated, its fullbacks marooned upfield, their responsibilities forgotten in the excitement.
Governor Livingston has a championship marching band and its own student-run television station, and offers 26 Advanced Placement courses.
While other students were on the jungle gym, I was writing in my journal on a park bench, or trying to write my own dictionary.
As the death toll rose in Virginia, the authorities expected more deaths to be reported farther south along the hurricane’s path.
In one of the cup holders I saw his thermos.
Vaughn started an introductory course and the one on law taught by Ms. Alkalay, who formerly led a regional legal office for the Federal Aviation Administration.
That’s exactly been the pattern in the special and regularly scheduled elections held since Mr. Trump won the presidency.
For now, their minds are on earning free entry into a university, avoiding the quicksand of student debt.
In 2016, it declared that “drinking coffee was not classifiable as to its carcinogenicity to humans.” The more serious problem with California’s law is one of effect size.
The company is also working to improve geofencing, a technology that prevents drones from flying above sensitive areas.
The organization did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
It remains a bit of a tourist trap, but the for-profit Museum of Sex is making its most serious bid yet for artistic credibility with a two-floor exhibition of Japan’s most prominent and controversial photographer.
• The Happiest Guy in the World : From Op-Docs, two decades ago, Mario Salcedo went on a cruise — and never came back.
The bridge, finished six months ahead of schedule, established a land link from Russia to the Crimean peninsula, which the Russian military seized from Ukraine in 2014.
The TLS was the only English-language paper to review Emmanuel Macron’s book, “Revolution,” which had been published only in French, before the 2017 election.
George Salazar arrived in New York a decade ago with $900, a dream and an undiagnosed shrimp allergy.
Beyond “Hee Haw” and its fictional Kornfield Kounty, Mr. Clark brought country music to the living rooms and dens of the American public through his appearances as a regular guest and occasional guest host on “The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.” He also appeared on “The Ed Sullivan Show” and on sitcoms like “The Beverly Hillbillies” and “The Odd Couple,” and had a long-running stage act in Las Vegas.
then he doesn’t have much time left.”
They would guide Heritage’s agenda, which would be set by Feulner and his senior leadership team.
When the Phoenix police chief Daniel Garcia was fired in 2014, he blamed two police unions that had each called for a vote of “no confidence” in him.
The contract, which still has to be approved by the M.T.A.
Instead of calling their opponents Nazis or fascists, liberals should focus on why the popular support for their rule remains high and offer positive arguments for liberal values.
We can do that without agreeing on exactly what happened or — and this is key — agreeing on whose fault or responsibility it is.
In the public realm in Iran, conservative Islamic rules apply and are enforced, so women have to wear veils and are normally barred from singing or dancing.
But it remained unclear how far Mr. Trump would go in trying to shape events in Syria, which has been racked by civil war for seven years.
Consider that more than four years have passed since five captured Taliban members were transferred on June 1, 2014, from the Guantánamo Bay detention camp in exchange for the release of Sgt.
Since the Cold War, many have lamented the decline of American strategic thinking, a concern that has as much to do with the loss of clear national ends as with any shortage of means.
“It was right to write this essay,” Dr. Tan said in a video interview produced by Beijing News, a newspaper and a website.
This might be the only show in television history to feature a ferocious four-way argument among black women about being a Republican.
Together those are enough to convince us that Hawking radiation is real, even if it has never been directly observed.
Qualcomm needs a better Plan B if its NXP takeover fails.
But the retiree was certain in her views about President Trump: “Very unhappy,” she said.
The administration’s proposal, jointly published by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department, would roll back a 2012 rule that required automakers to nearly double the fuel economy of passenger vehicles to an average of about 54 miles per gallon by 2025.
“The reopening of a communications channel is highly significant because it is a step toward being able to hold dialogue anytime both sides want,” said Yoon Young-chan, a spokesman for Mr.
American is fairly aggressive about trying to bring fliers into its program, offering status challenge opportunities , in which you must fly a given amount within a three-month period, opportunities to purchase status and even just bestowing free status to certain members of its program.
“The fires affected about 700,000 acres of the 100 million acres in California,” said Caroline Beteta, the president and chief executive of Visit California, the state tourism office.
and commander of the United States Cyber Command, Gen. Paul Nakasone was asked whether our adversaries think they will suffer if they strike us with cyberweapons.
Mr. Wildberg is now a lawmaker for the nationalist AfD in Berlin.
74 percent chance to make playoffs The arrival of edge-rushing dynamo Khalil Mack may have solidified a defense that has forced 24 turnovers, second-most in the N.F.L., but it is the Bears’ secondary that has powered their revival.
He could easily take over the starting job this season but he has the luxury of not having to if his development goes slowly.
In the bedroom or a home office, to display personal collections, she suggested, or in the kitchen, to hold decorative dishes.
“We have worked closely with the Pakistanis in my role as C.I.A.
While the group has a diminished profile on the campaign trail, it will still have a presence in the Colombian legislature no matter how the election goes.
And if I can come up with a good answer, I’ll let you know.
Other tech companies also fell: Amazon shares dropped 4.4 percent, and Facebook 2.4 percent.
They work for the three ice managers (often called the chief of ice or the ice meister) at four competition venues — two arenas for hockey, one for long-track speedskating and one for both figure skating and short-track speedskating.
The recommendations, if adopted, would largely bring New York in line with states where recreational marijuana is already legal, or those in which proposals are being considered.
He is Neil Gorsuch, not Neal.
The green tomatillo is smooth and tangy, the red habanero dynamic and fiery.
Conference calls taken poolside, or from the car.
I’m sick to my stomach.
In Hicksville, on Long Island, the school board rejected someone’s offer to donate copies, while in nearby Levittown, after an hour of debate, the school board accepted a gift of six.
Name: Jameel Mohammed Age: 23 Hometown: Chicago Now Lives: In a three-bedroom apartment in Manhattan’s Chinatown with two roommates.
And when things are going well, you don’t want to leave,” Mr. Blankfein said.
Last week, he went to the main square with his mother to protest.
How did you get into puzzling?
Yusaku Maezawa, the founder of the online Japanese clothing company Zozo, will be the first customer for a trip around the moon on one of the company’s rockets.
The failure occurred in December 1999, when t he Mars Polar Lander spacecraft, descending to the surface, vanished .
The Emiratis turned to France, which agreed to provide the minesweepers to clear explosives that Houthi fighters had been placing in Al Hudaydah harbor, the official said, effectively thwarting for now an amphibious assault of the port.
On some days, it could feel like a revolution was happening on my beat.
This is one reason progressives have alienated moderate voters who turned to Donald Trump in 2016.
My effeminacy made things worse.
But absolutely no French players are in sight.
He grew up a couple of miles away and now lives close enough to walk to the course.
The House and Mason families are stalwarts of the African-American community with deep ties to the city’s civil rights movement.
Her husband said that he had asked about his daughter right up to the moment he was boarding the bus to the deportation plane.
Mr. Lancman has questioned the museum’s delay in releasing the results of its investigation (the museum said it is due out in the next two weeks).
In fact, his Ukraine work for Mr. Yanukovych — whom prosecutors called Mr. Manafort’s “golden goose” — had ended at least a year earlier.
Though they badly need starting pitching, the Padres have traded for the veteran infielders Chase Headley and Freddy Galvis this winter, indicating that they are ready for the next phase of their reconstruction under General Manager A.J.
The alt-right is abhorrent; it is racist and hate-filled.
10D: “Tie that binds, in Japan?” is an interesting way to clue OBI, the sash that is used to tie a kimono.
I stayed behind him for a few paces, chuckling to myself.
And little by little — I mean, little by little — we’re reversing it.” ENRIQUE RIVAS , the mayor of Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, just across the Rio Grande from Laredo, Tex., on the unifying force of a local baseball team.
That child is now a sophomore in college.
This weekend at Smoke, Mr. Evans plays with a small combo featuring the esteemed bassist and National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master Buster Williams, the tenor saxophonist Bill McHenry (Mr. Evans’s longtime associate) and the young drummer Mark Whitfield Jr. 212-864-6662, smokejazz.com FRED HERSCH TRIO at the Village Vanguard (through July 29, 8:30 and 10:30 p.m.).
“The demand,” he said, “is definitely crazy.”
Iván Márquez, integrante de las desarticuladas Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (Farc) que ayudó a negociar la paz con el anterior gobierno colombiano, envió ayer una carta al Senado en la que denuncia que el acuerdo que puso fin al conflicto guerrillero de cinco décadas “fue destrozado por depredadores sin alma”.
He was deeply troubled that his younger brother, Theo, continued to eat meat.
The role of Harry Callahan would become one of the most lasting of Mr. Eastwood’s career.
Disguising herself as a man, she begins military training and eventually makes her way to the front lines of battle in Afghanistan.
Labor unions, which have backed Mr. Trump’s plan to dramatically remake trade policy, were disappointed with that deal, which did not include changes to labor standards, investment rules or content requirements for automotive manufacturing.
Karen Minutello, the former manager of the Manhattan building where the Dursts had an apartment in 1982, testified during last week’s hearing that Ms. Durst had called her shortly before her disappearance, saying that she was looking for another apartment in the building because “she needed to get away” from her husband.
“The president has the whole nation as his constituency, and he should be above any petty differences between the various sections of the community,” Mr. Shagari told a news conference.
“The award fills us with pride, not only because it recognizes a high caliber film, but a story about respect for diversity that serves us well as a nation,” Ms. Bachelet, who championed gay and transgender rights during her second term in office, wrote in a Twitter post on Monday morning.
In the evening, people switched on 2FM, the popular music station of the national broadcaster RTE, where the host Louise McSharry dispensed with her plans and instead gave the two-hour program over to the Cranberries’ music.
She also became an internet sensation after she posed for a selfie with the South Korean gymnast Lee Eun-ju at the Rio Games in 2016.
• Africa’s “wooden elephants” are dying.
“It was a joint outpost of army and police which was built two days ago.” Six Taliban fighters were also killed in the assault, and 10 others were wounded, he added.
In recent weeks, MBC representatives have met with Clifford Chance lawyers to finalize an agreement that will leave Mr. Ibrahim with 40 percent of the company, likely paving the way for his ouster as director, according to two professionals with knowledge of the deal.
Netflix booked its drama “22 July” into theaters in about 20 cities in North America in October, for instance, while simultaneously adding the movie to its streaming service.
A confession: this writer was thrilled (and somewhat relieved) to find that there are people out there who are also voyeuristically fascinated by cults.
He said when they moved into the back seat to have sex, he began to stroke her neck and Ms. Thomas became alarmed.
“I did some crazy stuff in there for sure.” The creation of the mold is critical.
Arguably John Brown, maybe Malcolm X, but Black Lives Matter?
Driving home one evening, nervous about making his 11 p.m. curfew, Collin witnesses a white cop shooting an unarmed black man.
But it did not go as far as Texas and the other states, which argued that all of the Affordable Care Act and the regulations issued under it were now invalid.
It’s tempting to mock Meinecke’s faith in the power of humanism — poetry, literature, philosophy, music, art — to save Germany, and potentially the world, from political extremism.
She leaves her two young children at 5:30 a.m. and heads to a different project site every day.
That case laid the groundwork for many of the Obama administration’s major climate policies, including the Clean Power Plan to cut emissions from coal-fired power plants.
The nuns support themselves by selling cough syrup made from achoques, and the thriving colony at their convent may be critical to the salamanders’ prospects in the wild.
The Kenyan government cut transmissions of three private television stations and moved to criminalize a political opposition group on Tuesday, as supporters of the opposition leader Raila Odinga gathered in the capital to name him “the people’s president.” Mr. Odinga lost his bid for the presidency last year to the incumbent, Uhuru Kenyatta, but he says the voting was plagued by fraud .
Dr. Douglas and her colleagues hypothesize that the first group will report feeling the most emotionally supported and informed, and ultimately hope to make these services widely available.
President Trump returned Sunday to his hometown, a place that starting last year became roiled with protests that choked the streets outside his eponymous skyscraper whenever he arrived in Midtown Manhattan.
And yet our understandings are limited by our experience.
[ Read about how the decree complicates Nebraska’s plans for its first execution in more than 20 years .]
Neil Genzlinger called the show “pleasantly dumb” in his review for The New York Times.
The CBS reporter Lesley Visser has described entering an N.B.A.
It’s that it makes us unfree.
We started there, and even that wasn’t simple: We selected every piece labeled Obituary or in the Obituaries section, and then had to exclude paid death notices, duplicate articles, remembrances, briefs and other things that look like obits but really are not.
The S&P 500 fell 1.6 percent, and is down more than 15 percent from its peak.
The statue, unveiled in 1913 with support from the United Daughters of the Confederacy, depicts a Confederate soldier grasping a rifle.
The print product would be a collaboration — Goop content overseen by a Vogue editor.
J.P. Mr. Lewis, an organist of commanding aplomb and rugged counterintuition, has now released four albums dedicated to the compositions of Thelonious Monk.
“The cost of energy now is escalating in the community.
He went to the hospital after 12-hour police shifts in Washington or in the morning before work.
Yet neither of those hurdles is insurmountable.
“I hope he will temper his instinct to commit our armed forces to conflicts around the globe, when we need to be focused on building the middle class here at home.” Daryl G. Kimball, the executive director of the Arms Control Association, said in a statement , “Bolton’s extreme views could tilt the malleable Mr. Trump in the wrong direction on critical decisions affecting the future of the Iran nuclear deal, the North Korean nuclear crisis, and the strained U.S. relationship with Russia, among other issues.” Rumors swirled at the White House that the president’s purge might soon continue with the firing of David Shulkin, the embattled secretary of the Veterans Affairs Department.
“It was an ideal marriage — we both kept our own apartments and saw each other by appointment,” she said while holding court on an uptown 4 Train to the Mets-Yankees game, with nearly half the subway car in on the conversation.
He managed just nine winners to 24 unforced errors the rest of the match.
Like all the best neighborhood restaurants, El Chato has cheery service, shareable dishes and fills up nightly with groups of friends gathering among the hodgepodge of bookcases and tables for lively celebrations.
“They believe it’s a promise that the president said he would keep.” Other Republican lawmakers acknowledged that without wall funding included in the stopgap spending bill, they had lost their last foreseeable vehicle to secure funding for the wall, and that they would hand Representative Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California, a triumph before the speaker’s election in January.
A survey of 2,000 companies by ManpowerGroup found that 46 percent of them were struggling to hire.
But while she is energized by Ms. Sherrill, Ms. Wodziak also vowed to vote Democratic up and down the ticket, for “checks and balances” on Mr. Trump.
Max Hollein, 48, currently the director and chief executive of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco and a veteran of Germany’s oldest art foundation, will become its 10th director this summer.
Because of that and her severe asthma, Ms. Serwaa had trouble working.
I agree that one of the projects of a contemporary women’s movement is to correct that.
Indeed, the world outside the drilling sites and sheep stations of the Outback heard about him only a handful of times and not at all after 2001.
It’s surely no coincidence that the Texan’s signature awkward grace was at its most inspired during World Cups — in 2006 , 2010 and 2014 .
At least four American airstrikes in Kunduz in recent years resulted in claims of civilian casualties.
“Human reason is imperfect,” he said at one point during the interview, borrowing from his recent State of the State address back home.
Rather, the managers decided that, since they were already evaluating their holdings based on nonfinancial factors, such as the social impact of a company’s products, it also made sense to assess environmental performance, Mr. Klimo said.
Mr. Dassey was interviewed for hours without a lawyer, a parent or any other adult who might have been alert to his interests.
United States prosecutors had sought 10 years in prison and $6.6 million in financial penalties for the 86-year-old Mr. Marin.
We can and must do better.”
After the fire, some of his longtime listeners — the Fass “cabal,” as he has always called them — organized page s, which have raised roughly $2,000.
Senate Republicans could barely contain their glee as they redistributed Mr. Trump’s statement blasting Mr. Bannon with the note “in case you missed it” and a smiling face symbol.
• Recipe of the day : A (relatively) speedy white Bolognese sauce offers rich flavor, without tomatoes.
He introduced his son-in-law to Ilya Palinsky, a longtime fixture in the business.
“We played amazing tonight, and I feel like the fight probably put us back,” said JaVale McGee, who had 16 points and 6 rebounds in his own Lakers home debut.
Mr. Trump installed Mr. Sessions’s chief of staff, Matthew G. Whitaker , who had served as a liaison to the White House and gained the president’s trust, as acting attorney general.
Under decades of international sanctions, Iran’s commercial passenger aircraft fleet has aged , with accidents occurring regularly in recent years.
“Chinese leaders have historical baggage,” Mr. Shen, who will turn 68 next month, said over a glass of white wine at a handsome villa hidden behind a high wall in the heart of Beijing.
“I don’t understand why wages and prices are moving in different directions, it is very plausible that price growth will pick up again.
"Baker Mayfield is moving up,” said Esch of the Oklahoma player.
Would there be time, I fretted, to ask about his childhood abandonment issues?
Of course Isabella should sacrifice herself.
“What I couldn’t comprehend is, if you get the ballots why don’t you go ahead and turn them in every week?” Mr. Simmons said.
“We find the motion of the ocean has a really calming, enlightening effect on kids on the spectrum,” said Elliot Zuckerman, who founded the nonprofit program.
It was 1912, not ancient history.
Calgary’s hopes of hosting the 2026 Winter Olympics were dashed on Tuesday after citizens voted resoundingly against the western Canadian city’s plan to bid for the Games.
But that’s not how Armstrong is wired, at least not the Armstrong I covered for more than a decade.
However, those delivered surgically before membranes rupture and labor begins acquire microbes mainly from the mother’s skin and the personnel and environment in the newborn nursery.
“It was like she knew what was going to happen, and she was giving us permission to take what we liked after they were gone,” Mr. Kusuma said.
And in the United States, the departure of Justice Anthony Kennedy and President Trump’s selection to succeed him is expected to redraw the well-established legal battle lines over abortion rights.
In 2016, the Science Ministry in Britain started a campaign to name an Antarctic research vessel, but the plan backfired to much amusement when voters overwhelmingly supported the name Boaty McBoatface — an option that failed to capture the grandeur that officials had probably been seeking.
“For my generation,” Ms. Saleh said, “there’s God and Tharwat Okasha.” Ballet education came filtered through translation, with old Russians who had fled to Egypt during the Russian Revolution converting the instructions of the newly arrived Soviet dancers into broken Arabic.
Ms. Gunning then approached the governor’s office directly.
Didi wouldn’t accept my Chase card, but did accept one from my credit union.
There were also some very uncomplicated entries like TEMPLE and AHEAD, one that required you to know a famous TV announcer (who would have turned 100 this year) and one about a famous comic role of Lily Tomlin’s.
I can’t change that little kid’s life,” he says, referring to Taylor in Flint.
Stuff of this size drops out of the sky every year or so.
Now it is time for me to live theirs.”
She had a slight accent.
That ability to sit down and calmly settle things behind closed doors, that’s the club missing from his bag.
For scientists who study animal behavior, intelligence is not about acing a calculus test or taking a car apart and putting it back together.
You can browse them here .
The controversial name change must be formally ratified before the country can join NATO, a move that would require approval in a referendum in Macedonia this fall and in both the Greek and Macedonian parliaments.
Democratic opponents have said that those increasing demands were meant to corner Mr. Rosenstein and eventually push him to either compromise the integrity of the investigations or to resign.
If you’ve ever wondered, even for a second, what it’s like to have a photo go viral, I can now tell you: It’s exciting and overwhelming.
Days later, in what some activists saw as retribution, Oyub Titiev, the Chechen head of a rights group called Memorial, was arrested, ostensibly on charges of possessing marijuana.
“I ran to my car and started driving because it was just like a two-minute drive.
It’s a midterm election year, when the president’s party usually takes big losses.
Mr. Stamos, a California native and a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, previously worked at start-ups and founded a security consulting firm in San Francisco before joining Yahoo as its chief security officer in mid-2014.
Mr. Gray, 55, was eager to work on a larger scale but admits to being nervous when he got his first look at the 65-by-25-foot facade he was assigned at 2 World Trade Center.
Ms. Knight initially told people she was not interested, and had planned to leave the administration.
He’s a tap dancer who is equally at home in other American folk forms — jazz, soft-shoe, the Lindy — and he’s funny, charming, elusive, seeming always to resist categorization.
• La torpeza de Haruki Murakami [en inglés].
The crowd whooped and laughed — not the cruel laughter you come to know at Trump rallies but real belly laughter, for what was a genuinely funny bit.
I can intercut bits of songs or comedy skits.
… At home the biggest threat came from the Americans who opposed or resisted us — or condescended to us or rigorously excluded us — because we were Jews.
Over in Idaho, Paulette Jordan won the Democratic nomination for governor to replace the departing Butch Otter.
A few months later, Judge O’Connor ruled that his court did not have jurisdiction to decide the case.
In Canada, cities do not have charters.
Currently, more than half of those sentenced to die in federal prison are there for nonviolent offenses, and 30 percent of people sentenced to life (or de facto life) are there for a nonviolent drug crimes.
The first public-housing developments were often simple and unadorned brick rowhouses or duplexes.
[ The New York Times ] • The Anaheim City Council has voted to end agreements that offer the Disneyland Resort tax breaks .
The set will be bi-level so that both are happening simultaneously.
“If the plane was running faster, the window for people coming out alive would be much smaller.
Scholars call the syndrome the “resource curse.” Others warn of the “Dutch disease,” a phenomenon so labeled in the 1970s after a natural gas boom sapped the strength of manufacturing in the Netherlands.
A pilot would also need endorsements from flight instructors for certain skills to fly a Q400.
The band has made albums exploring many different kinds of power, Monroe added, exercised by everything from nations to corporations, often changing their musical style each time.
Witold Rybczynski is a Canadian-American architect, professor and writer.
Jerry Brown and governor-elect Gavin Newsom.
Republicans are now urging the administration to come to a quicker resolution, which may require leaving some of those more difficult proposals on the cutting room floor.
Starlee Coleman, a policy adviser at the institute, said 38 states had adopted right-to-try laws, often with broad bipartisan support.
“Before the start and after the end of vacation, we see a big increase in children excused as being sick — in some cases, the rate can be double or triple the normal amount,” Heinz-Peter Meidinger, the head of a German teachers’ association , said in an interview.
Mr. Allen’s notes have a certain mossy elegance to them, a vigor, but he packs plenty of conflict into each one: What you hear most clearly here is need.
This month the Trump administration announced that it would suspend nearly all security aid to Pakistan , an across-the-board freeze reflecting Washington’s frustration with what it considers to be a refusal by the country to crack down on terrorist networks operating there.
Here are a few ways it might.
Mrs. Herrera did not really discuss it with anyone apart from her husband.
Given his attack on Muslims’ religious rights, the other parties blocked Mr. Glaser’s election, while their own nominees were all approved.
This is the third mass uprising in Iran in my lifetime.
Much of the Made in China 2025 policy is aimed at reducing that dependence.
But this is advocacy theater by the company Sponsored by Nobody .
An identical replacement was recently shot up after just five weeks .
My remaining projects expanded to fit the time I had available.
From cost-conscious millennials to the world’s largest pension and sovereign wealth funds, E.T.F.s have become a preferred investment choice.
In the background, you can see a bit of a metal sculpture by the architect George Bergstrom, who designed the Pentagon.” Right: “This is a lovely fruit tart that my daughter Teresa made for my nephew’s birthday.
Brayan’s grandmother, Rosa, is a 48-year-old undocumented immigrant doing everything in her power to become his sponsor and bring him to her Florida home.
Problems at General Electric and the breakup of United Technologies show why that analysis is only partly right.
“I was the voice of the workers,” he said.
I think it’s worth noting that, so far, progressive activism has been much more of a positive for Democrats than a negative .
• Museums around the world are wrestling with the implications of a decision by the National Gallery of Art in Washington to postpone an exhibition because of sexual harassment accusations against the artist, Chuck Close.
“Carrie” is about a telekinetic girl in a small town in Maine.
11D: In an effort to assuage the hordes en colère (that’s choleric hordes, I guess, in French), Ms. Lempel has given France “El Cid” and let them make him LE CID.
Jennifer M. Williamson, the teacher who died, grew up in Paramus, her cousin said, on a tree-lined block not far from the school where she taught fifth-grade social studies.
The novel appeared the same year that Margaret Thatcher’s Conservative government, in response to growing public hysteria about AIDS, passed a bill prohibiting local councils and publicly funded schools from “promoting homosexuality.” Seen by some as doing exactly that, “The Swimming-Pool Library” achieved a notoriety uncommon for a work of literary fiction and became a best seller.
But if you’re lucky, you’ll have an adult who reads to you, an adult who knows that answers to all manner of problems can be found in books.
A contemporary Exodus story fitted to a “Waiting for Godot” frame, “Pass Over” — an LCT3 production that opens on Monday, June 18, at Lincoln Center Theater’s Claire Tow Theater — is set in a corner of an unnamed city where two African-American men live in fear of being shot dead by the police.
But Mrs. Netanyahu’s dealings with her aides have helped spawn at least one lasting political problem for her husband: One of the former aides, Meni Naftali, who won about $50,000 in damages over his treatment as the Netanyahus’ housekeeper, has since gone on to lead weekly Saturday night demonstrations in which thousands of Israelis have demanded an end to Mr. Netanyahu’s nine-year reign.
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, which goes into effect in May, aims to give users greater control of their digital information trails.
We backed seven new progressive champions who are poised to win State Senate seats.
The vice president would repeat some version of those lines — with only slight variation — several more times throughout the day, as he took meeting upon meeting with leaders at the summit gathering, once again playing emissary and explainer of Mr. Trump to foreign leaders who view him warily.
While a quarter of the population say policies are too tough, higher numbers usually say policies are too soft.
Woods said he was exasperated — “pretty hot” were his exact words — when he walked to the 10th tee.
“You’ve got red-state Democrats who are up for re-election this year who are going to be faced with some pretty significant challenges with this vote,” said Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, the chairman of the committee charged with electing Republicans to the Senate.
Let us know: thearts@nytimes.com .
“If it happens, it’s your fault because you didn’t go out to vote,” Mr. Trump said to an enthusiastic rally in a state he won comfortably in 2016.
Mr. Grant was also still receiving the men’s largess.
He said Christian Toro was also feeling lonely, and it was during that stretch that he got close to the 15-year-old girl.
All of that has brought four Premier League titles, a slew of F.A.
Sharice Davids is an openly gay woman, and the first Native American woman ever to be elected to congress.
President Trump has repeatedly railed against that approach, saying it invited waves of crime and violence into the United States.
At these lunchtime shows, she performs in celebration of “Ármame’s” release.
ELVIS COSTELLO That’s really true of this record.
Yesterday, the National Football League announced it would fine teams whose players refuse to stand for the national anthem on the field.
“It’s Maggie, short for Margaret, my middle name,” I said.
The only job Ms. Farajian was able to get in her field was a one-month temporary position.
At a small ceremony last month at the Justice Department, Mr.
— Michael de la Merced On Wednesday, the CBS Corporation amended its lawsuit against its parent company, intensifying the battle for control of the network being waged between its chief executive officer, Leslie Moonves, and its controlling shareholder, Shari Redstone.
The Yankees’ general manager, Brian Cashman, will most likely be active, too.
Pat McCrory of North Carolina, who faced a hurricane about a month before the election he lost in 2016.
Lietzke, known for a reliable swing that almost invariably generated a big fade and rarely ended in the rough, won his tour titles from 1977 to 1994 despite keeping to a light competitive schedule.
Collaborating sometimes with government watchdogs, the firm sought damages from Adelphia, Columbia Savings & Loan, Drexel Burnham Lambert, Enron, Exxon, MetLife, Prudential, the Washington Public Power Supply System, Xerox and scores of banks.
Of course, it is easy to say that after the group stage of a World Cup.
“What is actually going on seems so over the top that any producer would reject it.” In some ways, writing fiction provided an escape from the melodrama of daily political news.
“His world is the world of efficiency,” said Ferdinand Dudenhöffer, a professor at the University of Duisburg-Essen who follows the auto industry.
When the Justice Department sued (unsuccessfully) to block the merger last year, its case was premised on the idea that AT&T would use its ownership of such properties to hurt its rivals in telecommunications.
What could be better than a live example of gender equality?
The company offers over 10,000 varieties.
During a meeting of the two Bobbies, the older version unveiled his truth.
Mr. Cohen has told allies that he no longer wants to be the “villain” in the narrative about Mr. Trump’s behavior.
Before using your credit or debit card abroad, call your carrier and place a travel alert on your account (you may also be able to do this on their website).
Out of justified caution, we now err on the side of putative autonomy, and the heartbreaking story of your damaged brother is a result; when we erred on the side of putative beneficence, other heartbreaking stories resulted.
This was the Tatomer Santa Barbara County Kick-on Ranch Riesling 2015.
The gauchos are few — iconoclasts like himself, or the occasional Joyce fanatic like Jorn Barger, a polymath who in the earliest days of the internet wrote a lot of brilliant Joyce analysis on his weblog (a word he also coined).
• David Goodall, 104, Scientist Who Fought to Die on His Terms, Ends His Life : Mr. Goodall wanted to die because of his deteriorating health, and he flew to Switzerland to find legal services to assist him, choosing Beethoven for his last song.
His legal team has worked to keep him from firing Mr. Mueller in the past.
“It’s easier to continue the conversation,” he said, through groups created using popular social media platforms.
The bride, 29, graduated from the University of Minnesota.
“Isaía’s life is just more valuable,” Mr. Magallan went on, prompting another round of laughter, while pointing to the shy-looking student bent over his textbook.
“On my way to the fertility clinic, / I pass five dead animals,” one poem states.
[ The rapid rise and sudden fall of 6ix9ine: Read the story .]
Instead of discarding the residue, she recalled, she scooped up the remains, spread it with ice cream and folded it into a newly created chocolate roll.
In June, a fund, Rogers AI Global Macro E.T.F.
“Some people say that we have already returned to 1937,” Mr. Voinovich told Radio Free Europe last year, referring to the time of the Great Purge under Joseph Stalin.
And French toast amandine .
Which of these safety measures do you think your school should implement?
He tells the women: “My hotels are so much better, they’re the best, they’re beautiful, come to the United States, I’ll show you what real luxury is.” Not a grave insult, but grave enough, apparently.
I saw two movies when I was a kid: “Dumbo” and “Cinderella.” And on the way home, I started singing the songs in the car.
The number of migrants asking the United States for asylum out of fear of returning to their home countries jumped nearly 70 percent from 2017, according to Department of Homeland Security data released on Monday, despite Trump administration efforts to limit refugees.
The Geminids, along with the Quadrantids that peaked in January, are thought to originate not from comets, but from asteroid-like space rocks.
Untethered from the play, it’s an old joke — but in the blood-soaked, ambition-fueled world of “Henry VI,” such niceties as law are obstacles to be dispensed with.
“They’re full of nonsense,” Mr. Eli, who is originally from Xinjiang and obtained Kazakh citizenship, said by telephone.
KBR denies that burn pits are harmful to human health.
Nature is powerful and strong.
Two of the pioneers of French feminism, Anne Zelensky and Jacqueline Feldman, organized a meeting in the occupied Sorbonne to discuss the status of women.
In his remarks on Tuesday, Mr. Trump leavened his familiar complaints about the situation he inherited from his predecessors with the hope that the latest North Korean overture might be different.
But that confidence turned to questioning last week as Mr. Trump’s negotiators appeared to back away from their toughest demands for economic reform , instead asking China to make more modest changes to open up its economy to American companies and purchase more American products.
But given the pressure already coming from the outside, the best chance for real change may end up coming from those very same investors.
The battery “domesticized electricity,” said the note accompanying Volta’s invention.
“Sports games are not usually comfortable spaces for trans people,” Ms. Bueno added.
Yves Lampaert of Quick-Step finished third.
Then when he was accused of actual evil, they had nowhere to go.
— Which of the author’s recommendations do you think is the most practical or effective?
Gaddis’s present book is at least the fourth such volume by professors of the Yale class, along with Paul Kennedy’s edited “Grand Strategies in War and Peace,” Charles Hill’s “Grand Strategies: Literature, Statecraft, and World Order” and more recently Linda Kulman’s “Teaching Common Sense: The Grand Strategy Program at Yale University.” While varied in tone and theme, all these efforts reflect the practical aims of the Yale seminar.
[Free for children and accompanying adults] • Rangers host Flyers, noon (NBC).
Philadelphia in September was the inverse of the Boston Marathon in April, which came with sheets of rain, temperatures in the 30s and winds gusting past 25 miles per hour.
The case was not dropped, and Judge Gerstel did not become attorney general.
Now, here they are, improbably, proudly, at the Olympics.
The Supreme Court, however, did not address the “meaningfully close personal relationship” requirement outlined by the Second Circuit.
As Rachel Ungaro, the vice president of fashion merchandising and design development for QVC said, “she transcends the decades”: fixed firmly in home viewers’ imaginations as paradoxically tough and alluring but approachable.
Use of the drug, a heart medicine that increases blood flow and has been banned from most sports since 2016, has ensnared other Russian athletes in doping cases in the past couple years.
Many inside and outside the auto industry say the administration’s approach could backfire by raising prices for American-made products, potentially slowing sales and encouraging more companies to move abroad.
She deploys stream-of-consciousness, enjambment, disjointed fragments and irregular line breaks to convey the experiences of four Londoners to devastating effect.
Over the past year, Mr. Spahn has become friendly with the United States’ ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, who helped organize a meeting at the White House for the minister with John R. Bolton, President Trump’s national security adviser, earlier this month.
deluge \ˈdel-ˌyüj \ noun and verb noun: a heavy rain noun: the rising of a body of water and its overflowing onto normally dry land noun: an overwhelming number or amount verb: fill or cover completely, usually with water verb: fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid verb: charge someone with too many tasks _________ The word deluge has appeared in 190 articles on nytimes.com in the past year, including on Oct. 11 in “ Can a Quote-Unquote Band Drag Rock Into the Future?
Mrs. Reddy van Zuiden, 28, is the head of home services at Opendoor, a San Francisco-based real estate technology start-up company.
No one in our world is more underestimated than old women, and that can be a tremendous superpower to be exploited and enjoyed.
Start by watching the Retro Report video “ Why Hasn’t Sexual Harassment Disappeared?
Mr. Erdogan may have wanted to stir passions with a dynamic foreign policy as he marshals support for presidential elections that may be held any time before late 2019.
Steve Reaves, the president of the union that represents FEMA workers, said Friday that he was getting four or five times the number of calls he ordinarily received from his membership.
“I think our president, who is trying to stop the bloodshed, who is trying to help to resolve this conflict situation through a political dialogue, through diplomatic language, deserves this title more.”
• North Korea has tried to steal over $1 billion from global banks over the past few years using hackers, according to a cybersecurity company.
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.
At worst, she was, as The Wall Street Journal wrote, a naïve young woman with “a raging schoolgirl crush” on the charismatic (and married) chief executive.
Daniel Lansberg-Rodríguez, an adjunct lecturer at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, said Mr. López Obrador’s victory represented a rejection of bad government and a repudiation of the status quo.
This timely history delves into America’s enduring fascination with the apocryphal, touching on everything from P.T.
1 ½ ounces Bourbon ¾ ounce Honey Syrup ¾ ounce Yellow Chartreuse ¾ ounce Yuzu Juice 3 dashes Cardamom bitters 1.
The Orange managed to get the ball to Notre Dame’s 5-yard-line, where, on fourth down, a face-saving field goal clanged off the left upright.
When Canada urged Saudi authorities to release a just-arrested women’s rights activist and sister of an imprisoned blogger this summer, the crown prince’s reaction was wildly disproportionate: He recalled his ambassador, froze trade relations, pulled Saudi students out of Canada and canceled flights between Saudi Arabia and Toronto.
In 2003, Walmart announced plans to obscure the covers of those two publications , as well as Redbook and Marie Claire.
Talk to your mom about this one night when you’re both relaxed.
But not only that dish!
And it has been an embarrassment for leaders of the Republican Party, who have spent years fretting that electoral fraud could come from undocumented immigrants.
In Miami; Toledo, Ohio; Charleston, W.Va.; and other cities, they raised or renewed municipal taxes to finance their own districts, demonstrating that the most popular school spending, unsurprisingly, happens closest to home.
But I am overwhelmed, too.
Once again, a gunman entered a house of worship and opened fire.
In the end it was only a blue ripple, and that should prompt soul-searching among Democrats — particularly as everyone looks ahead to 2020.
( NYT ) • The E.P.A.
There is no evidence that people want to use it to “fix” journalism.
After Nancy Kerrigan’s star turn at the 1994 Winter Olympics, she declared, “I’m going to Disney World!” Gus Kenworthy has been living it up his own way since this year’s Pyeongchang Games.
This month, the National Memorial Commission, led by a member of Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s far-right Fidesz Party, decided to remove the statue of Mr. Nagy, who was executed two years after the uprising by a Soviet-backed puppet government.
She spends her days curled up on a couch, her eyes distant and angry, watching cartoons on a big-screen television.
I recently drank a 2009 Argetsinger , which at nine years of age was maybe the best American riesling I’ve ever had.
_____ • In 1944, an American warplane was shot down off the coast of Papua New Guinea.
Fox bought it from me and John Du Prez about three years ago.
Stream it on Netflix ; rent it on Amazon , Google Play , iTunes , Vudu and YouTube .
What the younger man had done earlier that evening, or not done; what racist thoughts Mr. Wilson harbored, or didn’t; whether Mr. Brown was surrendering, with his arms up, or threatening Mr. Wilson through the patrol car’s window: The answers to all these questions seem irretrievably lost in a cloud of contention .
They’re the easiest targets.” Gorey, however, isn’t the easiest target for a biographer, as Dery himself admits.
53A: Dame Myra HESS was a British concert pianist who died in 1965.
Less than two weeks after the Golden Knights’ stirring inaugural season ended with a five-game loss to the Washington Capitals in the Stanley Cup finals, McPhee took home the N.H.L.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
and 228 W 132 L.L.C.
(In the report, an independent investigator found that Mr. Peters had abused his power and, in retaliation, had fired a whistle-blower and demoted another.)
On the third visit, she begrudgingly took my blood and called me later to even more begrudgingly apologize and tell me I had a surprising case of mononucleosis.
On the day she found the photo, he finally told her why.
There was no use teaching class during the High Holy Days.
Rewards can encourage good behavior.
A small car, called the GA4, and a concept for an all-electric S.U.V.
No one can say for certain if these new vehicles will turn out to be a real business.
When a government employee, a new mother, died last year after collapsing at her office on a Sunday morning, President Moon Jae-in, who was still a candidate at the time, wrote on Facebook: “We can no longer be a society where overwork and working until late is a given.” Nor are long work hours good for the economy.
Although the Constitution says Congress, not the president, has the power to declare war, many presidents of both parties have used force abroad without congressional authorization.
This is Mr. Echols’s other mode, prankish and fond of dumb jokes.
Mr. Trump liked bespoke Rolls-Royce motorcars as well.
Folks like people in Elkhart are going to suffer.”
Ms. Lee could be seen around town in sweatpants looking for bargains at a Dollar General Store, washing her clothes at a local Laundromat, drinking coffee at a McDonald’s or eating at David’s Catfish House, where her usual iced tea and a small plate of catfish would cost about $6.
Plans to significantly redevelop the area are in the works, including more green space for visitors, though these plans have been complicated .
Use the “Reply” button or the @ symbol to address that student directly.
But some economists consider wage growth an indication that inflation could rise.
“I take the cards — Genesis 4:7, Luke 5:32, First Corinthians 6:18 — and put them in my pocket without looking at them.
The agency leaned on this type of research in proposing to ban an insecticide called chlorpyrifos in late 2016, and has been repeatedly prodded to take action on the chemical by federal courts.
I did it because he’s my child.
“And now that I’m being vocal, you think I’ve changed.” At Gateway, black worshipers would discreetly ask one another if they were the only ones who noticed that one could talk about seemingly anything but racism, a feeling one former congregant described as an out-of-body experience.
(It’s perhaps worth noting that Cher is one of the show’s above-the-title producers.)
Well, now we know, since O Magazine posted a video explaining just what was going on.
“People find it very tedious, and they have little confidence in their ability to understand how plans differ,” Dr. Neuman said.
It’s not clear what fate will befall the Jeongseon Alpine Center on Mount Gariwang.
Like some wordplay, I was left (erroneously) thinking “Oh, there must be tons of these!” There really aren’t, if you keep with the rule that the repeated letters must make sense as an element to the clue; I think that Joel and Ms. Gates harvested the prime examples.
The price for the first satellite was in the “single digits in millions,” Mr. Modrzewski said.
And he coaxes Nora, an odd new girl who oozes negativity, into shedding her prickly exterior.
Instead, Mr. Briley said, there was “enough indication that there was some element of mental illness associated with it.” Mr. Reinking lived in Illinois for most of his life and only recently moved to the Nashville area to work in construction.
The process being followed by the state and city left critics with few options to alter or derail the deal.
You’re just eager, you’re eager to deliver.” Then one day off tour I woke up one morning and I walked downstairs and I wrote a song, and it was evident from the first melodic idea that this was a Dashboard song.
“He said he wanted to plant the seed and walk away and let us run it,” Mr. Dewey said.
To the Editor: America’s college admissions process parallels one of the great problems of the country — too much unreliable information.
The retail bonanza is increasingly met with indifference or disapproval by Americans who want to spend time with their families, sleep in and give underpaid retail employees a break.
He made so little that he couldn’t always afford rent, and he spent long stretches — six months, at one point — living out of his truck.
The 2016 conviction in the United States of two nephews of the Venezuelan first lady for cocaine trafficking is just the most obvious example of this.
They knew they wanted the apartment on Driggs, and Mr. Henwood suggested they not hesitate any longer.
No one had been in touch with him since, and neither the Senegalese nor the American government would disclose the whereabouts of either man.
Then he did the portrait that was shown in the National Portrait Gallery.
Tune in on iTunes , Google Play , Spotify , Stitcher or wherever you listen to podcasts.
We fear nobody would be spared in Idlib.
Women had won the award exactly twice.
Mr. Kelly did not personally know the Marine he defended in the 2013 investigation that focused on the 2011 desecration of the Taliban bodies.
Every year, the country also hosts numerous performances by Chinese entertainers, particularly during the annual Chinese New Year celebrations.
Showing off Ms. Kamali’s much-mythologized sleeping bag coats, ruched parachute dresses or fringed-and-feathered evening clothes, they had gathered at What Goes Around Comes Around, the fancy secondhand shop on West Broadway in SoHo, to commemorate the designer’s half-century in business.
How did you find your way to the United States?
For comparison, consider the fact that just 20 years ago, nearly 45 percent of young children in Michigan had blood lead levels above the current reference level.
• Today in the World Cup: Australia against Peru, 10 a.m.; Denmark against France, 10 a.m.; Nigeria against Argentina, 2 p.m.; Iceland against Croatia, 2 p.m. Here’s a guide for where to watch in New York City .
Our senior-most judge wants to rid the country of corrupt politicians, and he wants us to eat hormone-free chicken.
“If Pashinyan is the people’s choice, the people can elect him,” said Mr. Karapetyan, who had previously been prime minister, after working as an executive for Gazprom, the Russian energy giant.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way.
But like nuclear weapons, it is designed to kill.
No, that’s not a typo.
Shall they suffer the same fate?
On stage was Springsteen, in the audience Chris Christie.
Instagram, which Dunham’s does not use, has accelerated tha t timetable.
The uptick in wages was sufficient to suggest that the job market remains healthy, but probably not big enough to force the Federal Reserve to reconsider its policy of gradual rate increases, said Michelle Meyer, head of United States economics for Bank of America.
Blackstone — whose co-founder and chief executive, Stephen A. Schwarzman, is a prominent supporter of President Trump — rushed to unveil the infrastructure fund during the pomp-filled presidential visit to Saudi Arabia last May.
Ms. Nixon’s celebrity would represent a unique challenge for Mr. Cuomo because of her ability to garner media interest.
She attended college at the University of New Mexico and married three times, once to a sculptor and twice to jazz musicians.
The leader, with a 10-under 62, was Troy Merritt.
Brown assured him that he would keep in touch.
In-game bets, wagers placed while play is going on, are not permitted.
After their accounts were reported last December, he was fired from the ABC talk show “The Chew.” His food products and cookbooks were removed from shelves at Eataly, and Mr. Batali stepped away from daily operations at the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group .
He had recently divorced his second wife, Amira, 17, and he wanted back the gold he had given her as a bride price, some three or four ounces at most — worth more than few goats but less than a car.
“We track how many people are taking their photographs and sharing them back out,” said Frank Berman, an executive vice president and the chief marketing officer of Bloomingdale’s.
“There’s more than a little corn and wishful thinking in the high-minded moments in ‘The Post,’” Manohla Dargis wrote in The Times.
Facebook has over 2,000 New York employees, including Yann LeCun, its chief artificial intelligence scientist and a pioneer in the field.
But I can’t defend the Syrians in front of them.” The Syrians and the Arsalis can agree on this: It is time to go.
At Ralph M. Chait Galleries , three Han dynasty figures sit in a row.
China’s main stock index lost 1.8 percent on Wednesday.
“What we are asking for is to have pediatric expertise available to train medical personnel, monitor conditions in the facilities and be part of the accountability for caring for these children,” said Dr. Kraft.
But it’s not clear that it is worth the effort to get it out.
They structured the deal with a long closing that allowed them to bring in a structural engineer, soil engineer and concrete contractor, to make sure the lot could actually support a house, before the sale was final.
“She was going to cry because she was happy.” Strategists say that messages of empowerment are especially potent today because many voters on the left are eager to see more women, minorities, young people and outsiders in government positions.
I was the perfect age.” (35.)
And at first, they just hold each other’s faces in each other’s hands.
Simmonds and Smith-Pelly, who are black Canadians, said they have endured other racial taunts in their careers.
Also, see what you make of this Bruce Falconer jam in The New York Times Magazine, about the strange big business of color forecasting .
ratings are down big league,” he wrote shortly after the Pegulas bought the team.
A hundred years ago, the last time economic inequality was as stark as it is today, the Supreme Court struck down minimum-wage laws and other workplace protections.
Ms. Sandberg is especially vulnerable because she has long been cast as the professional — who came from Google no less — in contrast to “Zuck,” the founder, the dude whom no one thought had the people skills or altruistic motives to deal with these high stakes political decisions.
Calls to Mr. Kovrig’s two cellphone numbers went unanswered.
He also used Mr. Kim’s full name several times during his first interview as secretary of state.
Critics of such symbolic gestures often argue that they act as gateways to more extensive forms of state involvement in religion.
Officials say the ferry appears to have been overloaded, with far more passengers than was advisable.
(It is laundered after each game.)
For example, the pension for Mike Bellotti, the University of Oregon’s head football coach from 1995 to 2008, includes not just his salary but also money from licensing deals and endorsements that the Ducks’ athletic program generated.
“I think it’s highly unlikely we’d be dealing with that in a legislative way,” Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, told reporters on Tuesday, dismissing calls by some Republicans to block the tariffs via congressional action.
Both the “Me Too” movement and sexting stories provided in the article draw uncanny parallels which must be addressed and cured.
Before the game, the team issued a statement, and then Khan met with several players; Coach Doug Marrone; and Tom Coughlin, the former coach who advises the team.
Kitchen Arts and Letters doesn’t present as one of the world’s great bookshops.
The barbarian savior loves to see a reporter body-slammed, to parade his ignorance, to strut his lies, to broadcast his bigotry, to empower rich Middle Eastern murderers, to humiliate a woman traumatized by sexual assault, to incite his followers to violence, to sap civilization, to toy with nuclear Armageddon as a distraction from his scam.
The initial outcry has subsided, but as Performance Space prepares to present the East Village Series — the first series organized by Ms. Schlenzka — this weekend, questions linger about the new identity.
Frankly, 50 percent seems low — and “unrealistic portrayals” an almost comic euphemism.
Her hair is quite thin now and I no longer bother to make an appointment in the nursing home’s “salon” for a cut.
For example, search engines like DuckDuckGo and StartPage do not collect and share information from your web queries with advertisers.
I wonder if he would be so dismissive of the fundamental right to choose if he really understood the price pregnancy exacts from women, what he acknowledges as “the distinctive and sometimes awful burdens” of pregnancy.
But no one in the Situation Room debated what message the decision to turn on Colonel Qaddafi might send to other countries that the United States was trying to persuade to relinquish their weapons, according to interviews conducted later with more than a half-dozen people engaged in the discussion.
He called it playing “aggressive with security,” and he had a motto all week in Toronto: “It never gets easier.
“It’s more likely this is really an old pathogen in humans for the last hundred thousand years or more,” he said.
L YNCH : Uh, no, I don’t know.
( NYT ) • The E.P.A.
We’d love your feedback on this newsletter.
As lawyers with the Texas Civil Rights Project, my team has been working around the clock to document hundreds of cases of children taken from their parents since the Trump administration started its “zero tolerance” immigration policy.
A cemetery and a police station — buffers during the apartheid era — still separate Vrede from the neighboring black township of Thembalihle.
A medical examiner ruled the death a suicide, yet Ms. Bland’s friends and relatives dispute that.
But for me, the line “Babs’s uvula who?” will always be my primary reference.
“First of all, I’ve never seen him sweat like that.
We know there is more work to do, but our goal is to keep people safe.” A spokesman for Google, whose parent company, Alphabet, reports earnings on Thursday, said it was constantly policing its ad system, pointing out recent steps it has taken to address problems arising from the ad business, including several changes to YouTube.
The Supreme Court, in a decision written by Justice Antonin Scalia, made clear that the sheriffs, and states generally, have a right to abstain from federal law enforcement schemes with which they disagreed.
When I come to the Cape nothing ever changes.
And Dr. Vengosh said his team had not tested every drinking well in the area.
Most health care for the homeless happens under the model of waiting for people to come in to a health center.
Guerrero vowed to appeal the new, longer ban, a long-shot effort that quickly gained the backing of even Peru’s president, Martín Vizcarra.
That was before N.Y.U.’s aggressive expansion in the Village.
The case files, which she shared with The New York Times, “read like a manual in how not to investigate a sexual assault,” she added.
agreed to pay Ms. McDougal $150,000.
Another possible mechanism is the collapse of a magma chamber below the volcano as it empties during an eruption.
He then made the free throw to give him 60 points and bringing the crowd to its feet.
In 2014, it purchased the Echo Nest, a music intelligence company spun out of a project started at M.I.T., which had developed systems for categorizing music with extreme granularity.
For example, in our clue, the amino acids are the MONOMERs that make up proteins.
She knows that whatever happens in tennis, she’s got a great support system, and I’m happy to be a part of that.” Saturday was, perhaps above all, a father-daughter moment.
Besides her memoirs, her books include “When Memory Speaks: Reflections on Autobiography” (1998), which explores the ways memoirs by men and by women differ.
In East Germany, the topic was simply taboo.
I headed over on a filthily rainy day to try them on.
The couple met through a mutual friend in Washington in 2013.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
But as Mactaggart saw it, the core of his initiative remained intact — and was in some ways strengthened.
He then shouted, red-faced, “I can build a better machine than this pile of junk!” Three weeks later, Mr. Edgerton and a mechanic who ran a machine shop had produced a continuous-chain broiler, which would set a standard for all Burger King broilers and become a model for equipment in the industry.
Only when she put on a white mask did the software recognize hers as a face.
Above, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
What I never forgot were the lessons that Miss Treweek taught about city life that day: • All of the young women dressed in black are secretaries.
The biggest winners were the Sweden Democrats, who won 62 seats.
High-level talks with Pyongyang would not resume, he said, until the United States and China resolved those issues.
It’s not rich with the tax thing that just changed earnings projections.
The bank paid $185 million to settle that matter.
Workers with clipboards begin popping up on street corners as the deadline approaches for filing petitions.
In 1978, Congress believed that an independent counsel was necessary and proper for preventing the president from breaking Congress’s laws.
It’s something done for love.” Reconstructing their past, Cuarón saw how little, as a child, he understood of her life.
Now, investors are worried that the country’s woes will ripple out around the world.
• “Last chance travel” : Tour operators are catering to the growing number of people who want to experience local cultures and natural habitats before they vanish.
Some of the best-known attacks linked to the terrorist group have been carried out by assailants who, at a minimum, displayed symptoms of mental distress.
But the decision to stop selling weapons to anyone under 21, however, could be tested in court.
But critics argue the teachers are being taken advantage of in a practice that helps keep wages low and perpetuates yearslong austerity policies.
“KOD,” which the New York Times pop music critic Jon Caramanica said “has the feel of a casual placeholder between bigger ideas,” hit No.
In any case, they are known fish repellents.
It toppled Minnesota in Minneapolis, where Brees threw for all of 120 yards, his fewest in a full game since joining the Saints in 2006.
Test your knowledge with our news quiz .
“I’m the president of the Klan,” Mr. Rockwell’s character states.
At around the same time, the scandal magazine Confidential revealed that Mr. Hunter had been among several people arrested five years earlier at a gay house party.
• Recipe of the day: Embrace simple pleasures, and make a big batch of pimento cheese for sandwiches.
In northern Europe, where tar was used as a water sealant on exteriors, the color stuck.
Mirza’s attempt to nestle the more intimate tale within the broader societal one is ambitious.
With the aid of makeup and special effects, you play both.
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs has said it welcomes the easing of tensions .
Lately I’ve been listening a lot to my friends B. Cool-Aid .
M Schwartz, Mr. Cohen’s lawyer.
He’s also a native New Yorker.
And that was tough for a few years after that because when someone gives you that moniker of ‘couple of the moment’ in theater, there’s a large portion of the community that is going to say, ‘Oh, yeah, really?
“I think that happens less and less now,” she said.
The FT says it was part of a “hacker attack” that forced production facilities offline .
Tap the Undo button to remove a point at the top of the screen, or go to the three-dot More menu and choose Clear to remove them all.
The project manager, Semegnew Bekele, who was overseeing the construction of the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, was found slumped behind the wheel of his Toyota Land Cruiser in Meskel Square in the capital, Addis Ababa, at 8:30 a.m.
In 1999 he released a new solo album, “A Journal of the Plague Year.” “I got into a 12-step program for reclusivity,” he explained to an audience at the Knitting Factory in Manhattan in 1997.
Scholars and economists have warned for years that Tunisia’s economic problems could thwart its political progress.
Mr. Blankfein, 63, led the firm through the 2008 financial crisis and reshaped its business model following the downturn.
By 10 p.m. on Tuesday, Israel said there had been 70 rockets or mortars fired from Gaza throughout the day.
I feel so much better.”
As ever, Mr. Payton’s way is to rummage around and find something of value in both.
She has been jailed while awaiting trial.
Sign up here to get it in your inbox.
The ad taps into the sense of “Love it or leave it” patriotism that also underpinned the Nixon ads — or, more specifically, the sense that the antiwar movement was unpatriotic.
Now that Election Day is behind us — like an exorcism, maybe: “Get behind us, midterms!” — the natural question is what it all will mean.
One of the women, Larissa Boyce, said she was molested by Dr. Nassar for over two years, beginning at age 16, while training with Michigan State’s youth gymnastics program in 1997 and 1998.
It provides for unprecedented open expression and access to information.
Except within the show, there actually is escaping it — and yet June has decided not to.
So much for the sage grouse.
“The arguments, conflicts and violence that take place in these videos are quickly being acted out and amplified in the real world.” The London police, who maintain a database of 1,400 videos to gather intelligence on potential dangers, have asked YouTube to take down dozens of videos, and this week the website said that it had removed more than 30.
The last gasp of real hope came late in the fourth quarter when the Eagles were forced to punt, but JoJo Natson, trying to return the punt for Los Angeles, fumbled without even sustaining any contact.
“We’re going to make it reciprocal, we’re going to make them fair, and I will tell you that — you don’t know about this, but every country is calling every day, saying, ‘Let’s make a deal, let’s make a deal.’ It’s going to all work out.” He dismissed the concerns of companies like General Motors and Harley-Davidson, which have both warned against the economic consequences of a trade war caused by tariffs.
Belgium looks alternately confident and panicky, largely depending on when Brazil is defending on its back foot or its front one.
Throughout the history, you had some unexplainable things.
(Some people in the deaf community raised this concern about an Oct. 8 article in The Times by Jane Brody .)
But so far, it has done nothing to roll back areas under Taliban control, a report issued on Friday by the Office of Inspector General at the Defense Department showed.
I wanted to ask myself and the audience: What happened, and what are we going to do now?” So Ms. Hoss made the kind of hairpin turn the new world order demanded.
“These are not questions we’ve ever gotten answers to, and it would be great to get on the record what Google and YouTube actually know about this,” he said.
He had hoped to make a decision by the December period and sign then, said his high school coach, Scott Meyer, but his mother fell ill and he postponed his plans.
Making a rare foray into musicals, Ms. Aberg locates the necessary heart to the relationship between Audrey and Seymour that can sometimes be sidelined by this musical’s tendency toward camp; its origins, after all, lie in a 1960 celluloid schlockfest by Roger Corman that exists at some remove from the classical canon that is Ms. Aberg’s usual home.
I want to know that if I am sexually assaulted again, and I choose to come forward this time, I’ll be treated fairly.
They are friends, consult constantly, sit next to each other on the floor and typically vote in tandem for political protection in tough situations, as they did in blocking repeal of the health care law.
“Even in dating relationships, these things take time.” The decision to stay, for the time being, can seem more like a choice than it really is, Dr. Wathen said.
They may have struggled because of the way the van was positioned against the guardrail or because of the pressure of the water on the doors.
They threatened to kill her if she ever told anyone, but her story was reported to the N.A.A.C.P., where a young worker by the name of Rosa Parks became the lead investigator on her case and together they sought justice.
And some men had lost the people they love, which was very heavy.
Efforts to dismantle longstanding protections for Alaska’s wild landscapes continue.
As Donald Trump emerged as the favorite son, Fred made special deals and arrangements to increase Donald’s fortunes in particular.
The hard decisions will now fall to the new chief executive, Mike Manley.
“Every day that Amtrak is going over these tracks with freight trains, which they do on a daily basis in our country, the potential for an event like this is real,” he said.
As tens of millions of baby boomers live longer, their children will have to shoulder the burden of caring for them.
A nd of course, guests might want to prolong their experience beyond a stay or a Snapchat story, and buy the brand’s products.
All of the American starters were 25 or younger, and the average of 23 years 117 days was under 24 for the fifth straight match.
This is in part because many ingredients — including all fruits and vegetables — contain some water, which they’ll start to release when they’re cut, salted and heated.
Instead of planning acceptance speeches, the team from Alabama used the trip as a nice break.
First, Engel positioned his 6-foot-2 frame to first snatch a three-run home run away from Yankees’ first baseman Greg Bird on Monday, then he increased the level of difficulty on a ball that catcher Kyle Higashioka crushed to dead center a night later.
Mr. Welker, 72 and a former village pastor, is planning to affix a plaque to the church wall explaining the history of the bell.
“The national gas price average is 45 cents more expensive than a year ago,” at $2.81, according to AAA.
Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy.
The new form eliminates more than half of the 78 line items from the previous form , reducing it from two full pages of text to one double-sided half page.
( Politico ) • Stan Lee has sued Pow!
Speaking at the New York Times Art Leaders Network in Berlin , Mr. Zwirner got verbal support for his proposal from other conference participants, including Marc Glimcher, president of the Pace Gallery, and Elizabeth Dee, founder and chief executive of the Independent Art Fair in New York and Brussels.
One way to get that exposure was to influence the rules governing how Google displayed search results.
In 1970, when he was a cardiologist at the University of Rochester Medical Center, a woman in her 40s was referred to him because she had mysteriously been fainting, once while bowling.
He had a large catheter in his neck, administering strong medications to keep his heart squeezing while providing his doctors with invaluable information about the pressures in his heart.
For now, Mr. Salvini won’t abandon Mr. Berlusconi, whose comeback plans suffered a humiliating setback when Mr. Salvini outperformed him.
Consider the succulent fish not just for many dinners but also for gift-giving or buying as a group to share.
Brazil, in turn, is the exporter most affected by the administration’s new tariffs on steel, and other countries are surely worried about the possibility of an escalating global trade war.
The World Bank predicts a 6.4 percent expansion this year.
“He smelled like cigar and espresso and his body odor.” Ms. Dickinson, 27 at the time, said the pill paralyzed her, and Mr. Cosby, then 45, seized the opportunity to sexually assault her.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Lenfest is survived by his children, Diane Lenfest Myer, H. Chase Lenfest and Brook Lenfest; his sisters, Marie Schmitz and Lauren Lenfest; a brother, Robin; and four grandchildren.
Indian Rock Park was a favorite among those I visited, with easy bouldering and rewarding vistas at the top.
Notably, too, the list of 128 products that could be affected by Chinese tariffs did not mention soybeans, smartphones or other electronic products, leaving open the possibility that they would be hit by another wave of Chinese retaliation in reaction to Mr. Trump’s latest tariffs, or set the stage for negotiations to avert a trade war.
Because that’s what rivers, left to themselves, do: They flip and flop around, creating river deltas and vast watery networks.
Email your questions, thoughts and ideas about what’s happening in pop music to popcast@nytimes.com .
“Everyone was grossed out at first, but now they think they’re cute.” The pieces are inspired by Renaissance and Baroque art, as well as late 17th-century Dutch still-life paintings.
Before taking charge of BBC America, Ms. Barnett was the general manager of SundanceTV, where she helped bring to the screen series like “Top of the Lake” and “The Honourable Woman.” Her promotion is part of a broader restructuring.
Here’s what else is happening: We’re getting railroaded by the weather this week.
She accused the police of mishandling the investigation and covering up crime on the island.
He said they had caused him and his company to suffer significant harm, “including financial losses, damage to their reputation, humiliation, embarrassment, mental suffering, shame and emotional distress.” “These damages are ongoing in nature and will continue to be suffered in the future,” the lawsuit said.
Mr. Tolkien is fortunate in possessing an amazing gift for naming and a wonderfully exact eye for description; by the time one has finished his book one knows the histories of Hobbits, Elves, Dwarves and the landscape they inhabit as well as one knows one’s own childhood.
Her courageous Everest climb helped in “breaking down social constructs of what it means to be a mom,” Schiot said.
But if you are wondering why she is clued without the punctuation, there are two reasons, say the puzzle editors: First, Times style does not use that punctuation mark in her name , so it can’t be used in the clue, and second, it’s more misleading that way.
Ms. Gao’s classmates brought the case back into the public sphere when they recently posted remembrances describing how she had told them that a professor at Peking University at the time, Shen Yang, forced her to have sex.
This 863-unit development at 550 West 54th Street from Two Trees Management welcomed its first renters in 2011 and was an early luxury development.
The industry has long been a presence on Capitol Hill, but it spied an opening after Mr. Trump’s election and the Republican takeover of Congress.
Around Thanksgiving, Amazon’s share of online sales can dip to as low as 20 percent in the United States, according to Rakuten.
A week after General Harrigian’s comments were made public, the Saudi-led coalition acknowledged that the air attack was unjustified, and it pledged to hold accountable anyone who contributed to the error.
“Our firefighters have been experiencing some extreme, tough fire conditions that they said they’ve never seen in their life,” said Daryl Osby, the chief of the Los Angeles County Fire Department.
With what words could she thank the doctor for such a breach of insurance rules?
“But with an online bid, it’s hard to know when they are out.
President Trump’s embrace of sweeping tariffs has frustrated allies, lawmakers and businesses across the globe.
The claims that this would have entailed a complex or even impossible military operation are rebuffed by the facts: Israel has carried out hundreds of attacks in Syria during this same period.
But in cities such as Farah and Kunduz — assaulted by Taliban militants in 2015, 2016 and this year — the American military sent teams of Army Special Forces to call in airstrikes and fight alongside their Afghan commando counterparts.
For decades governments have tolerated lawbreaking tycoons so long as their companies bolstered the nation’s economic might — or, in the case of the Olympics, the nation’s global prestige.
“I don’t know if it was destiny, but it was certainly a passion once I started doing it,” he said.
In the eyes of the theater’s many supporters, the appointment of Mr. Dercon, who had an international pedigree as a former director of contemporary art museums including Tate Modern in London, but relatively little experience in theater, seemed an affront.
After all, these are bleak times.
The number of patients so far is small.
He viewed it less a souvenir and more “a totem of faith that I might one day travel beyond the landlocked prairies of my youth, see an actual ocean, collect a real seashell, and journey outward to farther shores.” Indeed, in the end, “Souvenir” suggests that the meaning of a keepsake is not fixed (its importance to the owner can change over time) and that its significance is bound up in the traveler’s identity.
718-777-6888, movingimage.us FLOWER FESTIVAL INTERNATIONAL at Flushing Town Hall (July 1, noon-5 p.m.).
Why do you think we only see a few women making hits at any given moment?
I resisted the temptation to ask “How about a BUD LIGHT?” (as a middle entry) — who puts just one light on their Tannenbaum?
The Congo has long experience with Ebola, having tackled 10 outbreaks since the disease was discovered in 1976.
One big reason for that is the nature of her primary opponent: Bobby Bright, a former mayor of Montgomery who previously served in Congress as a Democrat.
“In all areas they neglected their duty of care,” she said, referring to the officers and medical staff who gave evidence at the inquest.
Two optical-scan machines ES&S submitted for certification had nine unpatched security vulnerabilities between them — all classified by the security industry as critical.
While the company said its revenue rose 43 percent to a record $298 million in the third quarter from a year earlier, its net loss totaled $325 million.
Agatha Christie did this brilliantly, all the time.
clubhouses, which have a mix of players from the United States, Cuba, Venezuela, Japan, the Dominican Republic, Aruba and so on.
Li Tingting, a prominent Chinese feminist activist now living in London, said the charges represent the spread of the Chinese #MeToo movement beyond relatively soft targets, like figures in academia, the news media and nongovernmental organizations, who in China generally have little political clout.
Benjamin Netanyahu is now close to becoming Israel’s longest-serving prime minister.
This shift to a more pluralistic system has imbued them with a sense of democratic promise.
“Some of our nuances are subtly different than allies we have,” he said.
Mr. Matalon is also survived by a sister, Lili Matalon.
In addition, the level of congruence between presidential approval and the House vote (for the president’s party if approving, for the other party if disapproving) in both pre-election polls and the one postelection poll now available is the highest on record, over 90 percent.
Windows 10 has that Timeline thing, but on a Mac, how can I find a file I know I worked on recently?
The bottom portion is filled with explosives, often hundreds of pounds’ worth.
Oblique Stretch With Bar: For this exercise, Adam uses a five-foot tube that is filled with water, but any lightweight bar at the gym will do.
For New York Today updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook .
But the exit polls aren’t weighted by education, and so they start and end with far too many well-educated voters.
I gave her some corners to work on and she filled them admirably, but I wouldn’t let her settle.
One part of the table will be occupied by Mr. Kim, a young despot atop an insular and impoverished country whose degree of political stability remains a mystery.
A nonprofit group, Counseling in Schools , began helping to push students to come to school regularly, though attendance remains a challenge.
Equal parts dating show and slice-of-life documentary, “Love After Lockup” follows six couples — one con and one “non-con,” in the shorthand of the producers — as they contemplate weddings and post-release living arrangements.
Mr. Mesereau has argued that the judge’s addition of the other women was unfair, legally in error and placed Mr. Cosby in a vulnerable position given the emotions stirred up by the Me Too movement.
This documentary traces the formation of Ezras Nashim, an all-female E.M.S.
You resolve to suspend your impatience, to listen as carefully as you can, as if watching a sunrise.
He said, “So our house — nothing’s ever happened here?” I said, “No.” “Our town, nothing’s ever happened here?” My grandparents are from southeastern Virginia, and they would always tease my parents about their hillbilly daughter, because I never had shoes on.
But I’m puzzled by the use of words like “husband” and “proposed.” They don’t seem true to my own memories of the late 1990s, when gay men were more likely to speak of boyfriends, partners and companions, and they seem strangely ahistoric.
“There is a lightness in his things,” Dr. Krogsgaard said.
During the session, as The Times reported , Mr. Moonves said that he had sought a job at CBS for one of his accusers, who had threatened to go public with her allegations, according to board members and others familiar with the matter.
But Russian interference fell sharply after Ukraine announced the opening in September of a small naval base in Berdyansk to defend its Sea of Azov coastline.
Tomorrow supposedly Pilimathalawa and Kandy.” On Facebook, Mr. Weerasinghe posted a video that showed him walking the shops of a town called Digana, warning that too many were owned by Muslims, and urging Sinhalese to take the town back.
Modi and Shah respond to their accusers in exactly the same way Ramdev does, by lambasting the secular elite.
Frankl likely transmitted Bleuler’s ideas to both Asperger and Kanner.
City officials said about 10 arrests were made but it was unclear who was charged or for what.
In New Jersey, a woman on methadone was charged with child abuse in 2011 because her baby had NAS — an entirely predictable outcome of following the standard of care.
In interviews this week, a number of liberals and conservatives said they did not wish to judge Ms. Barry’s decisions in her private life.
Two dynamic young outfielders — Juan Soto, 20, and Victor Robles, 21 — could help cover for the possible loss of Harper.
Seeing her again at long last was an absolute gag, and she was exactly as Vanjie (it’s an adjective, a verb, a noun, a conjunction, a lifestyle) as we remembered her to be.
“They only said they wanted to be treated like a serious dialogue partner.” For Mr. Trump, the overture by North Korea sets in motion a challenging phase that will call on the United States to exercise diplomatic muscles after a long stretch in which the White House relied on economic pressure, backed by threats of military force.
Because of my limited luggage space, I don’t carry many teaching materials with me.
Recently, Mr. López Obrador has made his way back to the path of moderation.
Otherwise, I am not going to have a job on Thursday.” The deal got done, and results came quickly.
“We should not write off the United States, of course,” he said.
Congress on Tuesday passed legislation that frees banks from a variety of regulations that were imposed after the financial crisis of 2008.
And Kalashnikov’s CV-1 electric vehicle is based on a boxy Soviet hatchback, the Izh , that was introduced in 1973.
Then later this week, when your enthusiasm’s waning, take a look at this collection of recipes for crazy-fast dinners , ready in 20 minutes or less.
It also appears that not everyone in the royal family has shared the queen’s enthusiasm for her fleet of corgis.
The Sheraton Senggigi Beach Resort evacuated guests, many of whom chose to leave the island.
The family supported a nonprofit organization, Seeds of Peace , that trains prospective leaders from around the world in conflict resolution.
Gray challenges us to read her stories without recoiling.
The organization’s jump into the politics of bridge-naming came less than a year after the Boy Scouts were criticized for the tenor of President Trump’s speech at a national scout gathering, which veered sharply into partisan politics.
During that period, Judge Kavanaugh was working as a Bush White House lawyer and his duties included judicial nominations.
Morocco’s Central Bureau of Judicial Investigations said the nine new suspects had been arrested in the regions of Marrakesh, Essaouira, Sidi Bennour, Tangier and Chtouka Ait Baha.
THE BOTTOM LINE According to the police, Mr. Netanyahu should be charged with requesting a bribe, fraud and breach of trust, and Mr. Mozes should be charged with offering a bribe.
Looking ahead: Monday is the anniversary of the Las Vegas mass shooting .
His reality always seems to return to a kind of delusional narcissism.
Coming as Israel celebrates its 70th anniversary, the protest campaign has touched one of the country’s most sensitive nerves.
Later, I wondered why the raincoat but as it turned out, it was a good move.
It was about the steady collapse of the postwar order and the way power structures are being reorganized and renegotiated across societies and across the world.
Lastly, some issues feature multiple stars on a single cover, sometimes on so-called gatefold covers, which fold out into several panels (and accordingly, accommodate more people).
People use these terms all the time, even though no one knows what they are originally about.” That’s true of many racing and boxing terms because the sports have faded in popularity.
No serious additional sanctions on Russia.
We’ve made a lot of progress, but it’s been going on for a long time.” An important distinguishing factor of the recent push, according to officials involved in previous efforts, is that the United States military seems very much on board.
Afghan government troops, backed by the United States, eventually wrested back control.
And on Sunday, as the team was once again getting blasted — the Bills were down by 28-6 at halftime — one of its most decorated players decided he no longer wanted to play.
In the Trump era, Ms. Loesch has found hers as a telegenic warrior for the N.R.A.
It’s as simple as that, but not as simple as it sounds to actually find and fix.” Fourth place for Hamilton in Mexico — the first time he had been off the podium since Austria in July — was enough to win the title.
With one end of the IV line inserted into Fahd’s chest and the other end attached to a hole in the plastic water bottle a few centimeters below the water line, the contraption created a one-way valve that let air and fluid out of Fahd’s chest while preventing any from going the other way.
On the reserve, which has been buffeted by alcoholism and drug problems and the legacy of colonial rule, many residents said Mr. Trump’s latest declaration had little effect on them.
She is now an immigration lawyer who represents a number of the program’s recruits.
Yet it is light and bright, utterly persuaded by its subject and intoxicatingly in love with movement.
( Axios ) • The publisher of New York magazine bought Splitsider from The Awl Network.
JOMO is about finding that balance.
“I love my place, I raised my kids there, I’ve spent 15 years of my life there,” he said in the hotel room where his family is staying.
“The 2 percent doesn’t drive someone from my place to Amazon, but it doesn’t help,” said Richard de Wyngaert, owner of Head House Books, an independent bookstore in Philadelphia.
She became interested not just in representing light, but also in making objects that emitted or reflected it.
Having secured our attention more completely than ever dreamed, they now are carefully admitting it’s time to give some of it back, so we can meet our children’s eyes unfiltered by Clarendon or Lark; go see a movie in a theater; or contra Apple’s ad for its watch, even go surfing without — heaven forfend — “ checking in .” “The liberation of human attention may be the defining moral and political struggle of our time,” writes James Williams, a technologist turned philosopher and the author of a new book, “Stand Out of Our Light.” Mr. Williams, 36, should know.
But those of us lucky enough to have worked with Douglas soon solved his riddle and discovered that at the center of his mystery lay warmth and humanity.” Mr.
And the energy among women that started with the marches after President Trump’s inauguration is working against them .
Zack, Evrony and their peers are not the first to realize that there’s a lot to learn from the animal kingdom.
“Something for the operetta audience with ‘Merry Widow’; for serious opera lovers with ‘Lucia di Lammermoor’ and ‘Akhnaten’; a major art-house piece with ‘War Requiem.’ ” “It was important to close on a world premiere,” he added, “because if opera is going to survive we should be doing 50 percent new work.
They saw it was being used as a plug for an opening in the pavement.
“They’re that good childhood feeling,” she said.
What do these movements have in common?
It gave me a reason to keep going.
• And in the face of local opposition in Berlin, Google abandoned a plan to convert an old building into an incubator for tech start-ups.
Being deeply connected to the reality on the ground and having relationships with people at all levels of the company give me an extra layer of insight and empathy that can be really useful.
The Women’s Digestive Enzyme ($64) contains proteases to “help break down your food, allowing for better nutrient absorption,” Swift explains, which in turn lightens your metabolic load, and is also “very anti-aging for the body.” Or consider naturopathic doctor Nigma Talib’s Healthy Flora ($65), a capsule filled with 10 billion strains of lactobacillus acidophilus DDS-1 — one of the most well-researched probiotics, she says, and something of a superstar bacteria — to balance your gut, along with anti-aging grape seed extract.
Then I go back to the search engine, make a decision based on price and hope for the best.
It was just shattering, but of course I had to pretend that this was the surprise that I had brought my board to see.
We’d love to hear from you.
I love watching high school football games on Friday nights.
The whites in these disproportionately suburban, relatively high income districts stand out in that they are far better educated than the national average, suffer less poverty and register lower unemployment rates.
By front-loading this ridiculousness through simple, random connections — a screenshot of Google search results for himself blown up on a wall, or his father’s piano for sale in a gallery — he is investigating the very nature of meaning and pushing the limits of what we will understand and accept.
The industrialization of our food supply is changing us from the inside out.
She was the reason I believed this was the proper way to introduce myself to the city.
Jawed Ghafoor, a spokesman for the Afghan Ministry of Defense, said helicopters had reached the base to evacuate the wounded.
In that era, tit-for-tat diplomacy was a leitmotif between the pre-Gorbachev leaders of the Soviet Union and Ronald Reagan.
“He sang a song about being …” They’ve left the room by now … “neighborly.” In the trailer, we get Mr. Rogers back for a moment, getting philosophical as he talks about compassion.
People across the world are rejecting the idea that carbon taxes and raising the cost of energy is the answer to lowering emissions.
We were there to report on a former Dow Chemical lawyer who has been nominated to run the nation’s Superfund toxic cleanup program.
It was intended to be a government of the people, by the people, for the people; instead we have devolved into an oligarchy.
Keep up the fight.” In November, Ms. Tlaib (pronounced ta-LEEB), a daughter of Palestinian immigrants, may become the first Muslim woman to serve in Congress.
“With the new European law, regulators for the first time have real enforcement tools,” said Jeffrey Chester, the executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, a nonprofit group in Washington.
“Romain is very adaptable,” Ms. Newman said.
“At the heart of liberty,” he said in a 1992 decision upholding the constitutional right to abortion, “is the right to define one’s own concept of existence, of meaning, of the universe and of the mystery of human life.” Phrases like that infuriated his critics, notably Justice Scalia.
The odd configurations created by realignment are familiar to anyone who has heard college football fans’ bellyaches.
In Scottsdale, a group of boys — and a few interested parents — will turn their eyes to the Yankees this season, which begins Thursday in Toronto.
You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.
We should cheer China on whenever it takes steps to reduce carbon emissions — especially as the Trump administration sits by idly.
By the evening of that day, he acknowledged to a friend at dinner what he had resisted admitting to himself after years of bingeing on alcohol and cocaine: He had a problem, and he had to stop.
Brooks Atkinson, writing about that musical in The New York Times, had called her “a neatly designed show-shop ingénue with considerable crackle.” In 1956 she won two Emmy Awards, as best comedienne (as the category was then known) and best actress in a supporting role, for her work on “Caesar’s Hour,” the follow-up to “Your Show of Shows,” in which Sid Caesar had starred with Imogene Coca.
“I wanted to make my world more complete and more realistic.
(Mr. Baker’s reporting crew received one Pulitzer during his tenure, for an investigation into health care data.)
Is it Parisians who are most looking forward to the reopening of the more than century-old Hotel Lutetia , on Paris’ Left Bank?
However, the ruling is bound to add political pressure on Mr. Khan’s government.
This meant some could not be supervised around the clock and would wander, sometimes tripping and falling.
Her husband had walked a few blocks to an all-night casino to ask for some water.
He’s a rare breed: theater geek filtered through California bro, which made an ideal combination for the pop dorkiness of “Glee.” In the show’s early days, he auditioned unsuccessfully for a few bit parts, including a football player, until Mr. Murphy finally took notice of him and cast him as Blaine in Season 2.
It is, after all, about a slice of red-state America at a time of fierce political polarization.
“We have worked really hard to explain to the public that suicide is not simply a matter of too much stress, but that it involves the identification and treatment of mental disorders as one important component,” he said.
You might prefer grilled provolone on toast this evening.
“I think I loved her profoundly,” she wrote.
Page had “established relationships with Russian government officials, including Russian intelligence officers,” and had been “collaborating and conspiring with the Russian government.” Those assessments were included in an October 2016 application to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to wiretap Mr.
Back in her mother’s New York City apartment, she spent months in bed, feeling like a failure.
Crucially, he had a treble register and four vocal modes: whisper, snarl, bark and an all-time-great shriek.
“Some may be skeptical of the division’s motives or the cases in which we have gotten involved ,” said John Gore, the acting head of the Justice Department’s civil rights division.
It is a public art exhibition in which artists were asked to imagine new monuments.
By July 4, he found what he called a “low-profile” ring at Lennon’s Jewelry Shop, owned by Mr. Lennon’s uncle, in New Hartford, N.Y. (“I knew she didn’t want anything sticking high off her hand because of her lifestyle,” he said.
She said her supervisor did not ask for any more details.
The International Criminal Court has ruled that it has jurisdiction to investigate the forced eviction of Rohingyas from Myanmar.
Reclassification is a particular problem for members of racial and ethnic minorities —- populations whose genes have not been as well studied as those of white people.
[ The New York Times ] • Six people in a Japanese village popular with tourists were found dead inside a farmhouse, including five members of the same family.
To which Bernhardt responds, with the hungry air of the often disappointed, “It is equally delightful to undress a man and find a man.” Though Ms. Rebeck sees herself as a storyteller and not a polemicist , this exchange typifies her knack for jokes that score points.
On the same day, President Trump proposed that Medicare pay for certain prescription drugs based on the prices paid in other industrialized countries — one recent initiative coming from the White House and Republicans after years of campaigning on killing the Affordable Care Act without offering a replacement that would include comparable protections for people with pre-existing medical conditions.
A significant number of perpetrators were church leaders .
Ms. Cohen pointed out that Gilbert Le Coze, who died in 1994, and Eric Ripert have Wikipedia pages, but Ms.
We decided to be more aggressive and proactive about this, in part by enlisting our readers.
When Lucy eventually grows too unruly, Temerlin offloads her in Gambia, where she is flayed and butchered by poachers.
He is already serving a two-year sentence handed down in July for comments he made in television interviews, and faces more charges related to an Op-Ed published in The New York Times in 2016, “ Letter From a Bahraini Jail .” In it, Mr. Rajab recounted a recent meeting with John Kerry, then the secretary of state “I would like to ask Mr. Kerry now: Is this the kind of ally America wants?” he wrote.
It’s being released for the space agency’s 60th anniversary.
“And you simply have to adapt and orientate yourself towards the appetite of your customers, particularly when they are going to propel the future of luxury.” Asian brands have been watching and learning closely from Western brands on how to be the best in class.
Did either of you feel — “complicit” is a tough word, but that you might have put on blinders?
Protests and counterprotests in Washington, Turkey’s lira in danger and China’s outreach to the Czech Republic.
The last weekend of this year’s River to River Festival includes a performance march through a Lower East Side park featuring senior citizens — some of whom are or have been professional dancers and others who are long-term residents.
But now Brady was relegated to the other side of the room, 30 yards away and separated by a bolt of fabric hanging from the ceiling deep inside U.S. Bank Stadium.
on their current background check of Mr. Kurson.” Mr. Kurson said in an interview last week that he withdrew from consideration for the government post around early June, citing the amount of paperwork involved in the vetting process.
The statute requires proving that an “enterprise” engaged in a “pattern of racketeering activity” in violation of federal criminal laws over a substantial period.
Her extraordinary life story has become a set text of feminist art history.
She said she had immediately stopped the conversation and told him that she “thought it extraordinarily inappropriate and very, very dangerous to the church.” “It’s a shame that she has to do that, but I’m not surprised,” Tara Murray, 39, said the morning the story came out as she walked in Galway in front of St. Patrick’s, one of the 90 percent of Irish primary schools of which the church is owner or patron, despite government funding .
“I’m thrilled to be starting a new chapter of my career and life in Toronto,” Tavares said on his Twitter feed after agreeing to the deal with the Maple Leafs.
Ms. Rothman’s sons — Michael, a data scientist, and Steven, an engineer — wondered if their mother’s death could have been avoided, had there been a better way to track her signs of distress.
Now let’s have a trade war, which results in both countries imposing a tariff t .
members have a lot to be proud of already this year,” said Bill Lipton, the party’s state director.
“I haven’t had such a hard time not thinking about something so much,” Thomas said.
“Through social media, I’ve secured some awesome concert gigs.
By 2005, Mr. Manafort had forged bonds with two oligarchs in the former Soviet bloc.
Still, Mr. Godi said, there is greater space now for measures like introducing stronger sex education in classrooms and expanding sensitivity training for police officers.
You were too good last season as a freshman and you would have been a certain lottery pick if you had entered the N.B.A.
An hour later, I get a text from a woman named Catherine.
In some of those states, carriers have decided against offering any such plans at all.
As chief executive of LStar Ventures, a developer of planned communities, he has a chance to build the neighborhood of his dreams from the ground up on the site of a long-shuttered naval air station in this town just 12 miles south of Boston’s booming technology hub.
That is not in dispute.
Political analysts say Ciro Gomes, the candidate of the leftist Democratic Workers Party, could eventually form an alliance with Mr. da Silva’s Workers’ Party, but so far he is trailing in the polls.
Congress passed a similar measure in 2007 after the shooting at Virginia Tech , hoping to improve the reporting of criminal records and mental health information to the gun purchasing database.
I spent six months in jail for photographing the war in Kurdish cities and might still be sentenced to 22 years.
The probabilities of collapse are calculated by using complex computer models that engineers agree are far from perfect.
Kavanaugh knows firsthand that affirmative action works, but he opposes it as policy.
Her family, friends and international organizations have established grants and awards in her name .
The same might be said for many U.S. executives who know something about how the tariffs will work.
On Friday, Tesla shares ended trading at $305.50, a fall of about 9 percent for the day — and about 24 percent lower from where the price closed on the day of the tweet.
Take our news quiz to find out.
“Recently I went to a nightclub, and while we were dancing a girl was insulting me because I was gay, and we got into a fight,” Ivan said.
“Future generations will just read of Guinea worm in the books as history.” Dr. Kok made the announcement in Atlanta at the Carter Center, a philanthropy founded by former President Jimmy Carter that leads the effort to eliminate the parasitic worm .
Those realities were far more mind-bending than any of the ancestry findings, with their wildly different percentages and ephemeral certainties.
She graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania and received a master’s degree in arts administration from Columbia.
This is not to suggest that Ms. Kennedy, at 86, has made new concessions to narrative conventions or expository clarity.
Americans appear to be better insulated than most from the consequences of trade hostilities.
They want to reduce restrictive zoning and land use regulations that favor the rich and entrenched.
“That’s a private question,” I said.
“My understanding going into this is that I serve at the prerogative of the speaker.” But lawmakers from both parties are demanding answers.
In 2017, he was quoted in an article in The New York Times.
Founded after World War II, the health service celebrates its 70th anniversary this year and is such a popular institution that it figured prominently in the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics .
The boys at my son’s school in Sydney are obsessed, and so are millions more.
The activity originated in Iran and Russia, Facebook said.
Two days after he sent the text, investigators wrote, they asked him about it and he denied sending any message.
“The situation in Ghazni is getting worse day by day, and the casualties of the security forces are also increasing every day,” Mr. Faqiri said.
“Recently our enemies were communists and liberals, now Americans are provoking masochists against us.” The first protest in December took place on a Wednesday and seemed connected to the White Wednesday campaign, an initiative by Masih Alinejad, an exiled Iranian journalist and activist living in the United States.
For about six weeks in December and January, I emailed with the anonymous agents faithfully.
“To other people, he might appear as a distinct and clear personality, but in his own mind he is vague, even anonymous, which is what he prefers.” He suffers from bursts of agonizing shame about minor incidents when he’s shown the wrong version of himself to a friend, since they suggest his lack of any stable character.
Voters in areas where a large share of households take the SALT deduction were significantly more likely to say that they opposed the tax law.
We have to have dialogue.
But this charm offensive threatened to come undone when, during Ivanka Trump’s visit on June 24 to announce the opening of a campaign office in Manchester, McQuaid’s daughter was unable to get her photo taken with the socialite.
Because delaying it would increase his monthly benefit.
A framed eighth-grade diploma, dated June 19, 1913, hangs on the wall opposite my computer.
“She was one of the most vulnerable people in our community,” Garza said of the girl, adding, “She was an immigrant, she didn’t speak English, she was in detention, and she was being put under extreme pressure.
In April, a judge sentenced him to 30 days in prison.
On Monday night, expect plenty of points by both sides in the Chiefs-Rams game.
Naz Ahmad, a lawyer at a legal project at the City University of New York School of Law who represented some of those affected, said the investigation proved that “innocent Americans were stranded overseas in a war zone.” “Driven by apparent prejudice toward our Muslim, Arab clients, State Department officials grossly abused their authority,” she said.
A small team of health workers, accompanied by our reporter, risked their lives to get to a militia-controlled village in the Democratic Republic of Congo where a woman had died from Ebola.
You may think you know about all the best spots, but our suggestions might surprise you.
It’s a different approach — he’s changing things up.
Here’s a map of its U.S. stores , too.
He spoke to reporters at a meeting with law enforcement officials on gang violence.
Hall was given hope when Pornanong bogeyed No.
But instead of dying, the tree had grown around its sickened heart, and lived on.
Referring to the lack of meaningful celebrity endorsements for the right before Ms. Barr and Mr. West, Mr. Shapiro added: “If you haven’t had a drink of water for a really, really long time, when you first drink water again it tastes really sweet — even though it’s just water.
He owns a 6.4 percent stake of Alibaba, according to securities filings, but has considerably more sway over the company thanks to its complicated legal structure.
She has an extensive history of writing songs for movies, including “9 to 5” and “Tennessee Homesick Blues.” But recently, the creative process has been reversed, with filmmakers drawing inspiration from her own lyrics.
But if the tightening noose of that “green-eyed monster,” jealousy, doesn’t exert the grip that it has in the past, here’s at least a rare opportunity to experience an “Othello” from which you emerge — from the first act, anyway — wanting to grin.
The “Thrilla” doll, meanwhile, is FANCY, which is just one step up from FABULOUS.
It’s a cool spot with a friendly and eager-to-please staff.
Kaval is convinced there are treasures in that jewel box of dreams.
We grew up not worrying about anything, basically.
Virtual currency firms have seen a rash of large-scale thefts from customer accounts.
My grandmother working two jobs, only to bring home a hundred dollars a week, while my sister and I rolled pennies and lived on peanut butter and spaghetti.
For each heinous attack successfully carried out, there have been many more scores of threats in schools across the country.
It’d be a great pleasure to have him in Cooperstown with me.
“There was this big, black explosion coming at me,” he said at the scene later on Thursday.
Nothing came easy for him on this day, but he didn’t let the tournament get away from him.
But they had a different idea of the problem.
Everyone gets balanced playing time, and the league’s emphasis is on having fun and embracing virtues like good sportsmanship rather than winning.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority could need as much as $60 billion for its next capital plan to fix New York’s failing transit system — a staggering figure that is nearly double the cost of its current capital plan, according to a report by a panel of state leaders and transportation experts tasked with finding ways to improve the agency.
“This very important and robust indictment by career prosecutors in the civil rights division of the Justice Department stands in stark and painful contrast with a president who has refused to this day to unequivocally denounce the white supremacists, some of whom marched in his name,” she said.
The main soccer facility, for the highest-level teams, has a modern weight room, whirlpools and a movie theater.
Election officials also assert that routine procedures they perform would detect if someone altered transmitted votes or machine software.
A proper moniker is in order if Trump is going to be our first porn president.
In 2013, Stewart persuaded Nascar to sanction its first dirt race in nearly half a century at his track, and he is angling for the organization to bring more.
While the answers are free to everyone, the crossword puzzles require a subscription .
Ailey begins its annual monthlong winter season with a gala program on Wednesday celebrating its diamond anniversary.
This episode features the rapper and actor T.I.
(Farago) skyscraper.org ‘ALBERTO SAVINIO’ at the Center for Italian Modern Art (through June 23).
Shine enabled or covered up Mr. Ailes’s alleged sexual misconduct were aired most prominently in civil suits as well as legal complaints that led to out-of-court settlements with Fox News and its parent, 21st Century Fox.
The killing of FARC members also is a reminder of the past: In the 1980s, thousands of members were slaughtered by paramilitary groups when they last attempted to come out of the shadows, forming a party known as the Patriotic Union.
This is the 200th year of Chinese migration to Australia , and many such descendants are navigating new regional tensions and demanding greater recognition of their history and contributions.
No longer mistakable as an everyday internet partisan, he posted repeatedly about “unconquered Seminoles,” a reference to the tribe that he appears to have adopted.
Electoral gain, not security, is this president’s goal.
The nerve agent would have to be designed so that it would remain on the door handle, and then reliably be transferred to the target’s hand, he said.
Ronald Newman, the director of strategic initiatives and a former member of the Obama administration on the National Security Council, worked with Shakir to create geographically targeted campaigns.
Apps on smartphones send precise location data sometimes thousands of times a day.
Most of these companies believed that employees with disabilities could not perform well in the workplace and that actively hiring them would drag company performance and profits down.
The country is seen as a threat to financial stability because of its enormous government debt, which equals more than 130 percent of gross domestic product.
Ms. Simon was a devoted fan of Ms. Franklin.
The road looping around the current high school was named Ozzie Nelson Drive in 1992, 17 years after the entertainer’s death .
It is fueled by banks, private equity firms and hedge funds, which provide financial backing.
Since then, four court rulings have softened or even torn up Republican gerrymanders in four big states: Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and most recently Pennsylvania, where the state Supreme Court struck down the congressional map last month.
Jillian Rayfield wrote today’s Back Story.
A manager at the Starbucks cafe called the police , saying that the two men were sitting in the store without purchasing anything and that they had refused to leave.
Republicans averted a worst-case scenario — the nomination of the ex-convict coal baron Don Blankenship in West Virginia — but faced warning signs elsewhere.
I always imagine this woman as living in New Orleans.
[Read about The Times’s methodology .]
Mr. Cammarano said that on the advice of his lawyers he never told the governor about the allegations.
A likely initial challenge by the defendants in the Weinstein case will be a motion to dismiss on the ground that the defendants cannot be shown to have done anything more than occasionally help Mr. Weinstein deal with the fallout of various episodes.
He said election officials had been “held hostage” by soldiers assigned to poling stations.
But his shift also has a strategic component, seemingly timed to inflict maximum damage to the political fortunes of Mrs. May, whose Conservative Party is deeply divided over the process.
A man was killed by a shark off Cape Cod over the weekend in the first fatal shark attack in Massachusetts since 1936.
It’s not a business for the people behind it.
These frustrating lapses are thought to be caused by a brief disruption in the brain’s ability to access a word’s sounds.
Nonprofessional eaters were suddenly dining the way critics did: Order a bunch of dishes, dip a fork in each, and push aside those that do not immediately delight.
For me, the Bible contains too much encouragement of slavery, ethnic and religious intolerance, murder, infanticide and outright genocide.
By going back on what had been a bipartisan agreement, future negotiations would presumably become more difficult.
But while social media was excited by the plot twist, it barely raised an eyebrow in Vietnam.
When the Seattle City Council passed a tax on companies located there in order to fund solutions to a burgeoning homeless problem, Amazon successfully leaned on the council to reverse the law.
bubble team to the National Invitation Tournament?
The Mets acquired Diaz this month as part of a trade with the Seattle Mariners that also returned second baseman Robinson Cano.
I was also very affected by your mention of your parents as my incredibly kindhearted mother is now 92, with worsening dementia.
Fans of Tianyi said the court’s ruling was disappointing.
I am encouraged that young people are more thoughtful about having children.
Two bedrooms are on the upper level, one with a small en-suite study.
But it has already put out an ambitious list of what it hopes to build.
She slipped it out of the muck and brought it to a shop in Santa Barbara that specializes in restoring damaged art.
Anthem did not provide data to Ms. McCaskill about the number of denials it has issued since the change.
I’m older now than my father was then.
Greg Risling, a spokesman for the district attorney’s office, said in an email on Monday that he was “not aware of any other cases that have been presented to our office.” Also on Monday, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department, which is listed as the agency connected to two of the cases, said he believed that it had forwarded all of its information on Mr. Toback to the district attorney’s office.
To raise a child with additional needs is to inhabit a different country from those around you.
Since I can’t choose between Anne Rice and Stephen King, I’d set places for both of them.
AT 57 SECONDS Happy belated birthday to Schubert, who turned 221 on Wednesday.
But she didn’t go alone: She and a college friend got Australia Working Holiday Visas and moved there together, which gave them at least one connection while trying to make a home on the other side of the world.
Mr. Kondabolu took to Twitter to make his thoughts known.
“We took a movie with a very, very low budget, only a couple main household names, and we got a summer release date,” said Ms. Union, who recently signed a first-look deal with Sony Pictures Television.
Narcotics officers stormed dormitories on a Long Island university campus at 5 a.m. and handcuffed three dozen students and their friends , many on marijuana possession charges.
The particular history of Mr. Thomson as a minority in the largely white field of postmodern dance is allowed to resonate with larger questions of identity.
Dr. Paps and Peter W.H.
In the days ahead, I will be telling my story.” Mr. Catazaro said he had not played any role in any sharing of “Alexandra Waterbury’s personal material.” He said the private communications he was involved in had taken place during off-work hours and that “the intent was not to harm or embarrass anyone.” The dismissals of Mr. Ramasar and Mr. Catazaro were announced at the company’s morning class in its studios at the Rose Building at Lincoln Center, where City Ballet is preparing for its fall season, which is set to begin on Tuesday.
I’m not quite finished yet, but I agree.
“The subscription and consumer willingness to pay for content may not map completely.” But to Leff, small-bore questions about expansion or profitability are missing the forest for the trees.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Robert Parish shared the previous record of 74.
Analysis of Current Population Survey data shows that around two-thirds of the new jobs taken by people who formerly described themselves as disabled have been full time.
It turned to new, digital targets instead: ClickHole , its parody of click-bait news aggregators, and “ A Very Fatal Murder ,” a parody of “Serial”-style true crime podcasts.
She added that even among cultural institutions in the United States that feature artists of Arab descent, “the tendency is to do survey exhibitions that lump artists together” by nationality but rarely explore issues of sexual identity.
“I was terrified of being touched by men.
Students sit at clusters of computers, where their progress is assessed in real-time using Aleks from McGraw-Hill , educational software that uses artificial intelligence to continuously analyze the progress of the students and adapt learning to their needs.
After working as an insurance agent, she became the women’s section editor for a chain of five weekly newspapers in Alabama.
Border Patrol agents still use trucks to drag old tires up and down the border, smoothing the dirt on roads and paths so they can spot footprints later.
Now, omitting her suicide would be impossible; it is public knowledge.
Demonstrating leadership in this crisis will not be easy for Colombia, and will require greater funding from the United States, European Union and others in the international community.
And we found a lot of opportunities here to help mitigate climate change.” Other scientists agreed that storing more carbon in forests and soils could be a potent tool, though some were more cautious about how much was feasible in practice.
He called his crew Camp Justify, and the bucolic corner barn setting fit the bill.
“We have to do more than protest.
Drive east to west, from where the street begins downtown to where it ends 22 twisting miles later at the Pacific Ocean, and at any point along the route, you will see the images that movies, TV shows and magazines have implanted in your brain.
The sounds on the album are as varied and provocative as the subjects he broaches on “Love It If We Made It,” which name-checks Kanye West and Lil Peep and proclaims “Modernity has failed us.” Dirty Hit/Interscope.
I’ve heard the comment that prison is “enduring punishment for the dumbest thing one has ever done.” Mr. Kavanaugh and his fellow students might heed this.
The micro-jet phenomenon is the reason that bartenders twist an orange or lemon peel to release the flavor, but that is not likely to have played a part in their evolution.
And while you’re engrossed in the plot twists, it neatly obliterates the standard American narrative of the Civil War.
Though Mr. Gurung has a tendency to over-egg his clothes (there’s a lot going on in a lot of these looks), the point was generally well made.
He positioned the Israel Defense Forces soldiers, their jeeps, a sniper’s bunker and sand berms used by soldiers on the Israeli side of the fence.
My mother had at last found her buyer, a woman whom she felt would be the next best custodian to the house and its legacy.
The Europeans have basically been free riders on the voyage, spending almost nothing on defense, and instead building vast social welfare systems at home and robust, well-protected export industries abroad.
Mr. Cuomo has said that Mr. Percoco was working on state government “transition matters.” In calling for an investigation, Ms. James, who has come under scrutiny for being too aligned with the governor , said there is “a problem with corruption” in New York state government.
Ambivalently “maintaining a presence on social media,” attempting to sell a semi-fictional, much more appealing version of myself in the vain hope that this might somehow help me sell some actual stuff at some unspecified future time.
If logo and label dressing changed all that, Instagram raised the ante, making it necessary for designers to produce products whose iconography produces a pop on a smartphone screen.
I have visited Berlin regularly for more than 30 years.
There is another way to read that title, though: as fatalistic disillusionment with show business.
The Fed has faced questions about its methods in the decade since the 2008 crisis, but in recent weeks, officials have shown a willingness to welcome the debate.
Ms. Judd, who was scheduled to present an award during the ceremony, said she was grateful that women who speak out about mistreatment are no longer being “disbelieved, minimized, shamed.” A minute later, the red carpet hosts were back to squealing over the gowns chosen by stars like Whoopi Goldberg and Jennifer Garner.
Lots of fresh, cool air and no drone from my air conditioner or all the neighbors’.
“I think he is idealistic, and I think he’s learned a lot from being speaker,” said John Feehery, a Republican strategist who was a top aide to one of Mr. Ryan’s predecessors, J. Dennis Hastert.
As demand for Bitcoin has dwindled, Bitcoin’s algorithm has adjusted and the coin has become easier to mine.
This week, men in Aprilia killed a Moroccan they had suspected of trying to steal a car.
Since 2013, New York has offered public defenders to those detainees facing deportation who could not afford private lawyers, the first such program in the country, known as the New York Immigrant Family Unity Project .
Despite the bipartisan support for legislative action, it will not happen without a fight, especially when Wall Street is generating record profits and after companies just received large tax cuts.
M.J.: Sweet Briar is one of two women’s colleges in the country to offer programs in engineering.
“I think he tapped into a sense in the caucus that the next generation of leaders needs to begin crystallizing.” As Mr. Jeffries takes his place in Democratic leadership, at least two, and possibly three, of the top spots will be occupied by lawmakers who are pushing 80.
That adviser has not shared information with Mr. Whitaker, and it is not clear when the acting attorney general will have his first briefing.
“To protect the rights of clean athletes,” antidoping officials from 20 nations said in a statement last week, “it is necessary for the bar to be higher for OAR to compete in the upcoming Olympic Winter Games,” they said, using the acronym for Olympic athletes from Russia.
Today, the Jeffrey Modell Foundation has 350 centers in 86 countries on six continents, Mr. Modell said.
The Republican Party has not yet voted to award the 2020 convention to Charlotte, but it may do so this week during a meeting in Austin, Tex.
Taking an active role in civic life is also necessary to create systemic change.
This is Georgia.” Although Ms. Winfrey emerged Thursday as a vocal champion for Ms. Abrams and her policies, she focused her most impassioned remarks on voting rights — a message that could reverberate among her still-devoted fans across the country.
Speedy, mobile creatures like shrimp and squat lobsters had moved in.
Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in 2016, was the court’s leading conservative.
Swarms of reporters and photographers waited outside.
“The markets could be spooked.” The more likely outcome is a coalition led by a rehabilitated Silvio Berlusconi and his Forza Italia party, following his years of disgrace for tax evasion and reports of sex-filled bacchanals.
Francis spoke off the cuff to a meeting of an Italian family association.
Step 4 Meanwhile, cook the macaroni al dente in boiling water, to which the olive oil and remaining tablespoon of salt have been added.
On days when rejections from his own auditions have him down and he is doubtful about his prospects, he said, he’ll walk to the front of the orchestra section.
For instance, male parental care is common among the brightly colored Neotropical poison frogs of Central and South America.
And most of the winners endorsed by Justice Democrats or Our Revolution prevailed in districts that are considered safely Republican, according to Third Way.
Relentlessly focused on keeping prices low, Ryanair for decades refused to recognize any unions, determined to keep its labor costs lower than those of its rivals.
But his critics fear that the judges are resigning under pressure from allies of a newly emboldened Orban administration with the intent of further bringing the judiciary to heel.
Donaldson, an unseeded 21-year-old with plenty of potential, ended up losing his five-setter against No.
BRANTLEY The potential for violence that comes from being on edge in a big, borderless country is implicit throughout.
Or at least that was the view of Kobe stans — his most dedicated devotees, who, some may say, take their fandom too seriously.
Mr. Khosrowshahi remains undecided, the people said, though he has expressed a desire to partner with other companies on autonomous technologies.
Only small minorities of voters favor tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations; even smaller minorities favor cuts in major social programs.
I have sometimes called Balanchine one of the two greatest dramatists of the 20th century (Samuel Beckett is the other).
Mr. Trump chose blunt force .
One of my girlfriends, she gave me a couple self-help books because I literally called her to say, ‘I just looked in the mirror and I don’t know who I am.
In the dusty vineyards, stout evergreen oaks stand forlornly, offering a moment of shade to sweating vineyard workers.
Chief Justice Roberts, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, made his statement as he is adjusting to a new dynamic on the Supreme Court.
His Yankees tenure had ended when he injured his knee playing pickup basketball in the off-season.
Email us at thedaily@nytimes.com .
It is telling of the flagging strength of Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany that when she showed up this week to lend support to her party in Hesse before bellwether elections on Sunday, she all but urged voters not to consider her.
In the days after her son Graham hanged himself in his dormitory room at Hamilton College, Gina Burton went about settling his affairs in a blur of efficiency, her grief tinged with a nagging sense that something did not add up.
At Richard Meier & Partners Architects , there was no one more powerful than Mr. Meier, a world-famous architect whose firm depended on him for its prestige and success.
A pastor named Carlos Thomas, 48, was out in it in his old Dodge pickup, just before the storm reached its crescendo, driving two older members of his church — the Neals Temple First Born Church of the Living God — to a shelter.
“Look at me and tell me that it doesn’t matter what happened to me, that you will let people like that go into the highest court of the land and tell everyone what they can do to their bodies.” Ms. Archila, who is also a national committee member of the Working Families Party, said Friday that before confronting Mr. Flake, Ms. Gallagher had never spoken to a lawmaker.
That solution has now become a new problem: It is the latest fodder in Gov.
With the Russian-born Wassily Kandinsky, the two friends also helped found a hugely influential circle of Munich painters known as the Blue Rider.
“You can’t jump on and off the record.” But the prospect of the festival’s collapse became too much, and Mr. Remnick quickly backtracked.
We’re the civil ones.” The real explanation, of course, is quite different.
Not that the point was “about traffic,” Mr. Cheng said.
Here are his answers to the top 12, before tonight’s results .
We avoided Midnight in America.
Hundreds of bright blue markers fill the cemetery, which was packed with sightseers reading the inscriptions — some humorous, some sad, but all of them to the point.
The bus had been transformed into a rolling movie set, borrowed from the city by a group of high school filmmakers in town from London.
Europe must not accept being the “vassals” of the United States, declared the French finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, whose boss, President Emmanuel Macron, so recently kissed and hugged Mr. Trump in a futile effort to influence him.
The wedding is at 6 a.m. A nice early breakfast wedding at 7 a.m. (Brutal, but acceptable.)
I felt very lost at the beginning.
• Senator Sherrod Brown, of Ohio, said he’s hearing a “sort of crescendo” of interest in him making a White House bid.
“The right to hail a legal taxi in all five boroughs,” he said in 2013 , was “something that New Yorkers have deserved and never had.” A survey by the taxi commission found that 95 percent of yellow taxis picked up passengers below 96th Street in Manhattan and at the airports.
At the beginning, an oncologist (played by Frost) tells Daniel, erroneously, that he has terminal cancer.
“I think it’s all of the above,” he said.
The obvious exceptions to this rule are chicken potpie on the American side and apricot pies on the Australian.
director, James Comey, or the administration’s botched response to Hurricane Maria) and comparatively small (like Trump’s decision to revoke the security clearance of the former C.I.A.
I just hope that upstairs there’s a film company that’s looking for a young director.”
Debbie, the show makes clear, is all too aware of her business’s sexism.
Mr. Gamble and Mr. Lyakh were among those who pleaded guilty to charges related to their behavior in several national parks, according to the National Park Service .
“You asked me,” Boone said.
The country’s effort to protect tigers, in a way, is a victim of its own success.
Those cost around $15,846 an hour to operate.
Indeed, many people give up certain foods, going without chocolate or red wine or desserts.
He earned a reputation as a compelling orator in his more than two decades in the pulpit.
For more coverage of climate change, sign up for our newsletter, Climate Fwd: .
They should still stick to such investing tenets as keeping costs low, diversifying and allocating their money based on their goals and tolerance for risk.
“You can be supersmart and have your hair done to the nines,” Ms. Saujani said.
Challenged by Cynthia Nixon in the Democratic primary, he started to adopt her positions on the legalization of pot, the evil of plastic bags, the need for less punishing teacher evaluations and so on.
In certain respects, he said, they may be even more hostile to these workers.
By the mid-1950s, he was in a band, the Country Pals, with a daily radio show on WERH in Hamilton, Ala. Billy Sherrill , who was in another local band, began writing songs with him.
Halep, who broke through to claim her long-awaited first major title at the French Open this year, is poised to enter next season without a coach.
It has provided loan guarantees to overseas airlines looking to buy American-made jets and helped organizations like the Environmental Chemical Corporation build water facilities in Africa.
They don’t know about food stamps,” he said.
; now, infection rates are rising.
Like other online communities, the group unites around an intense interest in a subject and a desire to discuss the topic at an advanced level.
“Sometimes you look at the names on paper and you think to yourself: Maybe these guys can be pretty good,” he said in an interview.
Ms. Metcalf, who won a Tony Award last year for her role in Mr. Hnath’s “ A Doll’s House, Part 2 ,” and another one this year in Edward Albee’s “ Three Tall Women ,” will star opposite John Lithgow , also a two-time Tony winner, for “ The Changing Room ” and “ Sweet Smell of Success .” The play will be directed by Joe Mantello .
A Brooklyn judge sided with the victims, finding that clear warning signs that Mr. Serrano was abusing the children were ignored by parish workers and priests and not reported.
Hailed as the King of the Honkers, Mr. McNeely was at the forefront of a group of post-bop saxophonists who, in the late 1940s, abandoned the heady reveries of jazz for the more gutbucket pleasures of rhythm and blues.
• Debate in the Indiana Senate race, 7 p.m. Watch it here.
Soon, they will be tripping over one another to solicit wealthy investors.
More problematic, if you care to think about it, is the way in which the show’s focus on detection and questions of criminal justice takes the focus almost entirely away from Ms. Halbach, the victim.
________ What Mrs. Reich Did and Why, in Her Own Words All students need to be able to understand the world around them and converse with peers and adults alike.
Beyond the dining area is a kitchen with mahogany-colored cabinets and pale blue subway tile.
officer stationed in Washington, D.C., met in 1978, each marked the other as a potential recruit.
In a White House where the drama has been constant, but almost always behind the scenes, an email to reporters on Tuesday from Stephanie Grisham, a spokeswoman for the first lady, was unusually direct: “It is the position of the Office of the First Lady that she no longer deserves the honor of serving in this White House.” The email was sent less than an hour after Ms. Ricardel appeared at an official White House event with President Trump.
If Roe v. Wade is overturned and state-level laws further restrict access, medication abortion will most likely become significantly less accessible.
Amtrak has issued a service alert for the Southeast.
If you prefer a more serious take, several networks are live-streaming the ceremony Saturday morning, and BBC America is airing an encore presentation at 10 p.m. For more royal fare, watch the new fairy-tale romance “Royally Ever After” on Hallmark at 9 p.m. FAHRENHEIT 451 (2018) 8 p.m. on HBO; also on HBO streaming platforms .
Critics have accused the company of using its stations to bolster public support for President Trump.
Or maybe someone gave the keys, unwisely, to a person who shouldn’t have had them.
But the result, called “The Jungle” after the name of the camp, is not a tribute to the transcendence of liberal values.
It closed them completely while the work was going on.
Yes, I know how to buckle my seatbelt and that the nearest exit might be behind me.
“I thought, that is absolutely ridiculous, it’s too short a time,” he said.
If climate change continues to do what it does, in 30 or 40 years New Orleans is going to be an island protected by the $14.6 billion levee barrier that we have, and everything south of I-10 is going to be compromised.
The Democratic Party in Virginia, a state that retains a conservative streak despite recent Democratic successes, recently issued a statement referring to N.R.A.
After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, streets bearing her name were renamed and monuments removed.
Many executives and managers feel those clubs receive preferential treatment because of it; or, more accurately, that their teams suffer for the lack of it.
We continue to welcome your responses.
There is an outdoor hammock for sleeping.
“We were neighbors,” the elder Mr. Naif said of the Kurdish fighters.
“But I’d like to think that they are looking.”
She was his ballast — incredibly spiritual — and a tempering force on him.” She added: “Had ‘Billy Jack’ not been a coalescence of both their forces, it would have been far less interesting.” Ms. Taylor was nominated for a Golden Globe for most promising female newcomer in 1972 but rejected offers to work for filmmakers other than her husband.
And the president faces increasing economic isolation after he was declared the winner of an election to extend his term to 2025, a vote widely regarded as rigged.
Even before she took the role, the actress was shaping discussions about how to approach the project.
An early reviewer nicknamed her “Grandma Moses.” The Times highlighted her folksiness when she visited Manhattan in 1940: “Modest ‘Grandma Moses’ declared, ‘If they want to make a fuss over me, I guess I don’t mind.’” But Moses was no naïf.
It’s been done in so many good ways.” The 1975, then, is designed strictly, by his edict, as a vehicle for progress.
“Well, it’s been a while,” she said of her latest chance to face Williams.
They are expected to announce an agreement on Thursday to ease the terms for Greece to repay its mountain of debt .
It also contributes the most to NATO’s shared costs.
“The cultural approach works better than just science and technology,” he said.
“It’s everything,” said Elena Kilina, a 30-year-old Russian living in São Paulo.
In one positive development for Qualcomm, Mr. Mollenkopf disclosed that it had received a $500 million payment from another licensee that has resisted paying royalties.
Ms. Belsky, 27, who will be taking her husband’s name, received a master’s degree in education from Columbia in May.
(Moonlight Wine, New York) Folk Machine Arroyo Seco Gamay Noir Rosé 2017 $19.99 The vast wave of rosé that swamps our shores each summer generally leaves little record of its existence.
Pam MacKinnon, a Tony-winning Broadway director, will be the next leader of the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco.
The cadence comes from the dialect of the shtetl and the Pale of Settlement, where Jews developed an especially expressive language to describe especially terrible circumstances.
He is a son of Annette Kraushar-Hochberg of Boca Raton, and the late Barry Hochberg.
Mr. Turpin appeared to be employed and earning a regular income, Mr. Hestrin said.
But a poor May (.130) and Bird’s return from ankle surgery led to Austin’s demotion to Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre in June.
Mizuno intends to describe a perfect crime, one in which the killer can’t be caught.
[ New York Times ] • Does 28 acres of quiet garden space in New York City seem like a fantasy?
There was a basic understanding that human causes could impact the sea and this was scientific curiosity taking that further.
The video was later widely circulated on social media in efforts to identify the assailants, and at least three men were arrested.
Mr. Paxton’s office has been one of the most outspoken in the country against DACA and a similar policy — Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, or DAPA — that was blocked by the courts and never implemented.
“But we’re expecting rain tomorrow, so it may not be necessary.”
As much as any District of Columbia Circuit judge, he questions whether federal agencies have followed the relevant requirements and acted within the scope of their delegated authority.
I immediately started the search for medication, and soon realized what millions of Americans know all too well: finding a psychiatric medication that alleviates symptoms without causing serious side effects is very, very difficult.
It’s not what it was when I started, which was you worked at a local paper — in my case, the tabloids in New York.
We have briefings timed for the Australian , Asian , European and American mornings.
They say many of the proposals may follow the fate of other bold and hasty moves by the Trump administration, such as the attempts to limit travel from countries with sizable Muslim populations on security grounds.
The Republican senators Charles Grassley of Iowa and Mike Lee of Utah worked on sentencing overhaul with Richard Durbin, Democrat of Illinois.
These are not dream-newts, or metaphor-newts.
Two that I noticed: She has Harry Truman losing to Dwight Eisenhower in 1952, and refers to “the Tea Party Massacre and the origins of the American Revolution,” a seeming conflation of the Boston Massacre of 1770 and the same city’s Tea Party three years later.
But the photographer could never piece together a picture.
None of these songs were featured, and none of these artists, apart from Cardi B, were granted a performance slot.
That was the case when it came to Mr. Trump’s frequent complaints that NATO allies have been delinquent in paying their bills to the United States — a mischaracterization that Mr. Corker called out.
The sizzle is all the wrong kind.
Mr. Crump said the family found it difficult to trust the authorities about waiting to release the video “after they were lied to before.” Mr. Jackson suggested that any delay in publicly airing the footage would not serve justice.
It turns out the Australian, French and United States Opens all also offer a similar service to players.
Her father, Tom, recalled hearing the occasional grumbling in her galleries.
Here’s what they had to say.
And we could do all this, without burdening ourselves as we did in Iraq, with the task of sorting out Syria’s future.
And then work was like, “Do this.
I was, I thought, crudity, doubt and confusion personified.
So it was a little bit tough for me to have an opponent that is having a great day and the match is slipping out of your hand a little bit.” Pella, who had never won a main-draw match at Wimbledon until this year, took out third-seeded Cilic in a match that took two days to complete.
If we go down that route, it would be wrong.
But the idea that they chose it from all the gowns on option?
That just prolongs the agony of his invitations.
It was Dr. Rathmell who first brought the issue to the F.D.A.
• In the first of two runs, Shiffrin will ski third.
“Losing a chief accounting officer so quickly at a time when the company’s finances are under pressure does not give good optics,” said Mike Ramsey, an automotive analyst at Gartner.
Baldwin opened the meeting by announcing, “Thank you all for joining us today for this important discussion.
For example, for the projected impact of the steel tariffs, numbers produced by the Commerce Department show that they may increase employment in the metals industry by 14,000 jobs.
After graduating from high school in Peshawar, I moved to a public college in Lahore in 2010 to study literature.
The conversation doesn’t have to end when you leave the museum, and talking about your experience can even extend the social and emotional benefits of engaging with art, Dr. Vartanian said.
On Wednesday, a senior official at the United States trade representative’s office said the investigation, which is now complete, found ample evidence of abuses in all these areas.
Dr. Blasey is not a lone accuser.
Child care was effortlessly available.
👂We’re listening to “ The Daily .” Today’s episode is about former President George Bush.
But new DNA evidence helped overturn the ruling, and Rusty’s exoneration stirs up long-repressed guilt and fear.
But Shiryaev’s films have come to light thanks to the dogged research (and luck) of one man, the Russian dance historian and documentarian Viktor Bocharov, who tracked them down in the mid-1990s.
She described the remarks as “degrading.” “The young woman did not stay passive and went to see the bus driver, who tried to intervene,” Ms. Lawrysz said.
An artist’s career retrospective, if shaped with care, is more than a look at a life of labor.
— The Man Who Knew Too Little By Dan Barry , senior writer, as the first sentence to his article on the February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that left 17 dead: Once again a nation sends thoughts and prayers, because it has happened once again.
This is not just a road to stagnation, it is a road to stagflation.” Fiscal hawks say that assessment is more applicable to the economy today.
Roach controlled the fight from the outset and took it easy late, which nearly cost him when Mercado (15-2-1) nailed him with several hard shots in the final round.
By trading with the London subsidiaries, investors and banks could skirt a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that aims to protect customers, but may also put a tighter limit on secured borrowing.
They peppered me with questions: “What’s your name?
Her guests this time around: the “Saturday Night Live” alum Jay Pharoah and the actor-comedian Adam Pally, from “The Mindy Project” and “Happy Endings.” 718-643-6510, thebellhouseny.com ‘CELEBRITY AUTOBIOGRAPHY ON BROADWAY’ at the Marquis Theater (Dec. 17, 8 p.m.).
“The challenge is not doing it in five years — the challenge is can you do five lines in parallel in five years?” said Alan Rumsey, a consultant who has worked on signal upgrades in New York and Toronto.
Salah scored two and created two as Liverpool seared into a 5-0 lead; that Roma recovered to end the game only 5-2 down does not diminish his impact.
history to his résumé on Sunday, playing in his 300th game.
My passion for standing up for American families stems from my personal history.
Most American and European companies have closed factories, and many have become insolvent.
Bets are already being placed on the little fellow’s name.
You can enjoy more of this feature at nytimes.com/goodnews .
[ The New York Times ] • Richard A. Carranza , the former superintendent of the San Francisco Unified School District, has been tapped to lead New York City’s schools.
“What this does is help us really target vulnerable populations where we have a clear signal about outbreaks,” Mr. Sarma said.
On Thursday, politicians in Georgia, where Delta is based, struck back at the company in the harshest rebuke yet of a former N.R.A.
The suit was filed by the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
The hurricane, a Category 1 when it made landfall, was downgraded to a tropical storm on Friday.
“How was that — did I meander ?” she said to the aide for weeks thereafter.
The book, which will be published by Abrams ComicArts on April 17, is drawn by Sara DuVall , colored by Gabriel Eltaeb and John Kalisz and lettered by Rob Leigh .
The official presentation is scheduled for Saturday, but its journey, to glory or infamy, has been tracked for weeks.
If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends.
Ms. Duffy hasn’t converted him to MSNBC, she said, but she has drawn him into the drama of seeing which Louise Mensch tweets turn out to be true.
But research on disparities between how women and men are treated in medical settings is growing — and it is concerning for any woman seeking care.
I knew I had been a little dismissive of all of his asking, but in fact I had liked it as a form of caretaking.
This provides grist for the kind of think pieces that spar with one another — “Infinity War” is liberal; no, it’s conservative; but don’t you see that it’s a protest against Trump; actually, it’s an attack on the tyranny of political correctness — until they catalyze the inevitable anti-intellectual backlash.
That seems at least part of the goal of “Time’s Up,” a new campaign put together by a group of powerful Hollywood actors, which includes a $14 million legal defense fund to help working class women.
We’ve been dating for two years.
Many Democrats say those buybacks undermine Republican claims about the tax law and prove the overhaul will reward only corporations and the wealthy.
Gardens by the Bay was built on reclaimed land and is a marvel of engineering and sustainable design.
Ms. Savino also denied Ms. Vladimer’s allegations.
As a result, every decision has heightened the danger and distress for civilians,” said David Miliband, president of the International Rescue Committee.
President Trump will be here on Saturday to test out the political potency of his new steel tariffs.
The Asian-American community in New York is famous for diligence in preparing for entrance tests.
This is a tall, dark glass of water.’” Word of her interest soon got around, and her friends ribbed her ceaselessly for liking a sophomore, while, she said, “Nick’s friends would give him high fives.” But her admiration was from afar.
A cybersecurity firm backed by SoftBank said that its onetime H.R.
It even made plans to resume shipments to Iran while the investigation was ongoing, according to the Commerce Department .
Another possibility the Kurds are discussing is handing the prisoners over to the Syrian government, which is also fighting against the Islamic State, but has at times made alliances with the group.
The answer is more uncertain than you might think.
This is not a criminal trial but a job interview.
Ernest Hemingway’s “ For Whom the Bell Tolls .” It’s my favorite novel of all time.
With two weeks until the premiere, he had settled on “Quiet Music,” by the contemporary classical composer Nico Muhly, and was deciding what to pair it with, leaning toward a stark contrast.
The Social Democrats stand to lose out significantly, further eroding Germany’s center left.
In her first novel since her Booker Prize-winning book, “The God of Small Things,” Roy explores India’s political turmoil, particularly the Kashmiri separatist movement, through the lives of social outcasts.
Because they’re so principled themselves?
Reza Shah’s body was somehow lost.
Southgate had brought his squad here with more hope than expectation: Most assumed that elimination in the round of 16, or possibly the quarterfinal, was the best that might be achieved.
He is not going to succeed.
Rather than playing a back-seat role to America and the North, he has worked to nudge Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim toward engagement.
As we know from many hapless homegrown attempts, making Shakespeare flow in a stylistically coherent production is not easy.
There, his focus was ballet.
Much of this work is only now being widely shown and studied.
My mom was the one who pointed out the holes in my plans.
The duty of remembering also involves understanding how the banal becomes brutality.
Orlando led by 55-54 at halftime.
This year, three of the league’s top quarterbacks are finalists : Alabama’s Tua Tagovailoa, Oklahoma’s Kyler Murray and Ohio State’s Dwayne Haskins.
If MGM loses its argument to block the lawsuits using the Safety Act, it would likely take years to determine what amount, if any, it would be compelled to pay to victims.
6D: Another oddball, at least for me; I know that people eat from the sea on Fridays for religious reasons but I wasn’t expecting a FISH FRY.
• Un grafiti antisemita que atenta contra un legado y pone a prueba a Rumania.
The company did not respond to a request seeking comment on Thursday.
But by signing this deal, Canada has avoided a recession, which Trump could certainly have caused with a stroke of his pen.
“Intelligence becomes just another political football.” The Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting its own investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election .
Five of the show’s photographers — Frank Espada (1930-2014), Perla de Leon, Hiram Maristany, Winston Vargas and Camilo Jose Vergara — took as their beat that neighborhood, or Latino sections of Washington Heights, the South Bronx and Brownsville, Brooklyn.
Voter ID laws, gerrymandering and the introduction of the citizenship question into the census strike at the foundations of democracy.
In some cases, they went to the Hillary Clinton celebration that turned out to be a funeral.
On March 22, Patches went into the operating room.
In a Twitter post, Mr. Trump said “people will always come & go.” He added, “There is no Chaos, only great Energy!” The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House.
But Mr. Trump is a transactional person, and many have made transactional decisions to work for him understanding the risks.
The company used unmanned, robotic devices to find it.
As Mr. McAllister points out in “Whiting Up,” there was nothing about the recorded stage performance that explicitly renders Ms. Goldberg’s surfer chick white — viewing her as such arises from the audience’s assumptions about the limitations of blackness.
February 15, 1981: Curated by Diego Cortez, “New York/New Wave” at PS1 in Long Island City features an emerging generation of artists: Nan Goldin, Robert Mapplethorpe, Jean-Michel Basquiat.
That trial ended with a hung jury, and Mr. Walker said a subsequent judge had not let him present all the information to two other juries, and he dropped the men from the lawsuit.
Antique horse paintings are from her mother, the apparently ageless supermodel Christie Brinkley.
He divided each of them into 10 equal chronological periods.
WILL HEINRICH Through Oct. 20.
I had never been in a room with so many grown men in tears.
The groom, also 53, is a professional photographer and owner of a photography business, bearing his name, in New Orleans.
The legislators who created Stand Your Ground say there is nothing wrong with the law — only, perhaps, with the way in which it is being applied.
Patricia Duff, a multimillionaire Democratic fund-raiser, went through 21 law firms in the 1990s while locked into a divorce and child custody battle with her ex-husband, the billionaire Revlon chairman Ronald O. Perelman.
One could point to several factors, including rising housing prices, inadequate retirement savings and the costs of long-term care.
It doesn’t really matter where we find it.”
The report, which was prompted by concerns about efforts to influence voters in the 2016 Brexit campaign, found that Facebook “contravened the law by failing to safeguard people’s information” and “failed to be transparent about how people’s data was harvested by others.” The European Union’s new General Data Protection Regulation might prevent future excesses.
“The same story, actually, in which the parents are involved and they’ve pushed and they’ve been fighting.” “We failed this kid,” she said of T.J. “We failed this kid, as a system, on every level.”
“I just don’t know that we’re as filled with hate as cable news leads us to believe.
Despite internet gossip suggesting otherwise, the pair continues to be good friends and they talk frequently.
But that’s a far cry from treating Israel differently from any other country in the world, which is at the core of the anti-Zionist and B.D.S.
Their research suggests that police stops prompt people to stay “off the grid” — using public services less frequently for fear of additional unpleasant police contact and even producing neighborhood-wide reductions in voter turnout.
“It was all presold, before we even put it in bottles, “ said David Farran, the founder.
Ms. Darlington credits her son with saving her life that day.
The groom is also a stepson of Sandra L. Fisher.
The Treasury Department has imposed several rounds of sanctions on Russian government officials and businessmen in recent months in retaliation for Moscow’s election interference and other cyberattacks.
Did you know Dave Chappelle?
The group whispered and drew in the dirt with twigs for several minutes before abruptly bursting out across the yard.
Opponents argued that it would take a large study and a huge investment of time and money to test Merck’s candidate vaccine, and then to overcome public fears.
And the new Paramount Network offers a lip-sync tribute to Michael Jackson.
An behind-the-scenes look at the search for L.A.’s new police chief.
Ideal trip: To Montgomery, Ala., to see the new National Memorial for Peace and Justice.
Mr. Gangi recommended hiring a reputable real estate agent who can suggest a good local attorney.
The falling pregnancy rate is not a result of a decline in teenage sexual activity , which experts say has remained steady for decades.
The blocking of this scene is as important as anything that actually gets said: We’ve never seen Chuck this badly outmanned , let alone outmatched.
Once you get past the tripping incidents, there is likely a productive player hiding under the sneers and mop of hair.
Require paperless brochures and some hawk their colorful booklets.
As we gather with our families, they wonder if they will see their families again.
“This is one impact that we can control,” said R. Scott Winters, the chief executive officer of the Coral Restoration Foundation , a nonprofit conservation organization based in Tavernier, Fla. “If we are to be successful in bringing coral reefs back to a healthy state, it is incredibly important that people visiting them choose sunscreens that do not contain oxybenzone.
Washington has said that the nuclear deal was faulty, in part because it did not restrain Iranian actions in the region, like its support for states and groups the Americans consider troublemakers: the Syrian government; Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite group; and Hamas, the militant group in Gaza.
Mr. Rajoy dissolved the parliament of Catalonia, which represents one-fifth of the Spanish economy, and called new elections in December, which served only to confirm the profound split in Catalan society.
“Look around here, you don’t just see a bunch of white people,” said Mr. Lara, a second-generation Chilean-Australian, gesturing around the crowd on Tuesday.
Installation of the first of 800 new “hydration stations” — drinking taps equipped with filters to remove contaminants — began last month.
This was revealed on a recent afternoon as his stylist jujjed his gray locks into perfect disorder at his $18 million Greenwich Village apartment.
(There’s a marvelous scene in Season 5 when the young lawyer, guilt-ridden over the way in which his secret has compromised his friends’ and colleagues’ integrity, finally breaks down — as you will, too.)
A light windbreaker, like this hooded one from Outdoor Research , will keep you comfortable while sailing, riding the ferry and hiking.
I don’t care about local ordinances here.
Nurse has been an assistant coach in Toronto dating to the 2013-14 season after stints as head coach with the Iowa Energy and the Rio Grande Valley Vipers in the N.B.A.’s development league.
“It’s the greatest experience I’ve ever had professionally,” Ms. Curtis said.
The next semester he had to cancel the class after only one student enrolled.
The United States Postal Service says at least one office in New York City will be open until midnight on Tuesday: the James A. Farley Post Office at 421 Eighth Avenue .
In California, the arrival of the bill to pre-empt soda taxes, which was championed by the soda industry and introduced over the weekend, came as a shock to public health advocates and many state lawmakers.
As we kayaked toward the southern shore of the 7,500-acre lagoon, Mr. Acosta directed our small flotilla to paddle another hundred yards in a southeasterly direction toward the misty bank.
With a Republican president and a Republican-controlled Senate, proposals for a major new health care entitlement have no chance of becoming law in the next two years.
Are big tech companies creating powerful influence machines to control minds and destroy free will?
They are Ryom Tae-ok and Kim Ju-sik, not Tae Ok-ryom and Ju Sik-kim.
“It was just a strike.” The root of the problem is not a lack of sophistication or experience in Trump’s national security team.
But with the aid of one Neil Diamond CD, his life might be looking up.
He had been coming here since he was a boy, and he still preferred shopping for toys in a store, rather than online.
Before he became chief of staff last year, CNN described Mr. Whitaker this way : “Matthew Whitaker is a CNN legal commentator and former U.S. attorney who directs the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT), a conservative ethics watchdog group.
OCEAN’S ELEVEN (2001) 8 p.m. on TNT.
“Yet, he extended grace to the teacher.
To be sure, European leaders have expended plenty of verbiage, illuminating the broad consensus that Iran is abiding by the terms of the deal.
Mr. Forman came to the United States from what was then Czechoslovakia in the late 1960s as a rebellious young filmmaker whose satirical bent had been little welcomed at home in the wake of the 1968 Soviet invasion.
They were considered liberals in their Midwestern high school but are considered conservatives in college.
He wrote that while the government may ban fully automatic machine guns, a ban on semiautomatic rifles should be unconstitutional because they “have not traditionally been banned and are in common use by law-abiding citizens for self-defense in the home, hunting and other lawful uses.” He also said that because registration had not traditionally been required for all lawfully possessed guns, that rule should be struck down, too.
Many parents feel they are up against a powerful, interlocking ecosystem, designed to hook their kids on constant scrolling, watching, and clicking.
She also retired from another job, as the chief compliance officer of AHRC, a company that provides services to people with developmental disabilities, in New York.
When Zacheus and Ratri Chan showed up at an open house for a townhouse in the Bergen-Lafayette neighborhood of Jersey City last fall, there was a line down the street.
But these historical lessons have long been obscured by economic orthodoxy, one that Trump’s — and China’s — unexpected ascents have now exposed to critical scrutiny.
In the winter of 1953 the young writer Peter Matthiessen came to the edge of a crisis.
I know one of these 19 women personally, and she told me years ago of Mr. Trump’s advances, long before he was ever a candidate for the presidency.
I want a cool roster.” That frees him up him to sell, with Mr. Fox, a couple of hundred water bottles emblazoned with a reclaimed bigoted phrase (that can’t be published here) derived from a Twitter meme.
Check out our full range of free newsletters here .
In the past five years, New York’s blue-chip galleries have produced a surge of exhibitions of abstract, monochromatic oil painting from South Korea’s dansaekhwa school, by artists like Park Seo-bo , Ha Chong-hyun , Yun Hyong-keun , Chung Chang-sup and Chung Sang-hwa .
This was a lesson I would return to again and again.
Highlights from the ceremony, including jam sessions and subtle (or not-so-subtle ) score-settling speeches, will be shown later in the spring on HBO, and also broadcast by SiriusXM.
She is a daughter of Dr. Herbert D. Goldman of Los Angeles, and the late Renée D. Golabek-Kaye, who also lived in Los Angeles.
This time, Ms. Simpson will have even more control of her narrative: She and Mr. Ross are executive producers on “Ashlee & Evan.” “We wanted the show to look a certain way and have certain feels,” Ms. Simpson said.
Why is this detail significant?
Two other men in the car, including the driver and Carlos Rivero , who briefly played for the Boston Red Sox, survived the crash, in Yaracuy, 180 miles west of Caracas.
• Animals are losing vagility — their ability to roam freely — because of human encroachment and development, spawning a new and growing field called “movement ecology.” • And beyond BFF.
“As mother and son head off to their own separate apocalypses, made from their very different complicities,” our reviewer Alexander Chee notes, the book becomes “a canny and terrifying moral fable about our new and old American ways of both being together and missing each other.” FIRE SERMON, by Jamie Quatro.
• A robot conquered one of humanity’s most difficult tasks: assembling Ikea furniture.
Fare beaters can receive a civil summons that carries a $100 fine.
I don’t say that we’ve got the balance right.
One of them braved a hail of bullets while fleeing.
(Arthur Lubow) 212-534-1672, mcny.org ‘TOWARD A CONCRETE UTOPIA: ARCHITECTURE IN YUGOSLAVIA, 1948-1980’ at the Museum of Modern Art (through Jan. 13).
She, too, won every county party endorsement in the district.
But even in its expurgated form, this is an expert potboiler, and its oft-imitated house-of-mirrors climax is as gripping as ever.
On Capitol Hill, House members began reviewing a separate document drafted by Democrats.
What could this mean for Cynthia Nixon?
Callimachi: So, we now see back-and-forth travel multiple times, in the very period when he says that he is in Syria.
Dozens of men, women, and children were lynched in a massacre in East St. Louis, Illinois, in 1917.
And Margaret was, you know, so powerful, and so steady, and so determined, and so difficult to beat, and such long range and the rest of it.
“The falcons look at the basket as their nest, and they’re trained to return to it.
She breaks his nose after learning he is engaged to another woman; I had never seen a Korean woman on-screen lose her temper within the proximity of a Saab convertible and against the backdrop of a California vineyard.
Try a sample quiz here .
Except that her tales all relate to the legal evolution of this country, demonstrating her and her female relatives’ sometimes mortal stake in that through the years.
Casey Cagle interfering in the business decisions of Delta Air Lines by threatening to kill a proposed tax cut if the airline doesn’t restore a National Rifle Association discount.
In “His Own Life,” from “Plundered Hearts,” for instance, Mr. McClatchy wrote: “How in turn will I deal with the pain / Not of separation from but of attachment / To a body which has become a petulant / Tyrant?” Critics sometimes took Mr. McClatchy to task for what they saw as an overreliance on surface polish and the conspicuous display of his vast learning.
Baby boomers who have sold the family house are looking for rental homes in walkable neighborhoods near the center of New Canaan or a block off the Greenwich Avenue commercial district.
Teachers, parents and students have noticed the impact on the classroom, whether it is a four-day school week in rural Oklahoma or canceled drama classes in Tulsa.
They have not won a series at home since sweeping the Arizona Diamondbacks in late May.
He is the son of Rita M. Sherman of Bay Head, N.J., and the late Jeffry C. Sherman.
BUCK I took ballet for 3 ½ years and I share that story with the world.
In the short term, Canada seems willing to go toe-to-toe on trade.
What I had offered as a letter of love had unleashed the very opposite — a wave of white hatred and dehumanization.
THE HELL OF GOOD INTENTIONS America’s Foreign Policy Elite and the Decline of U.S. Primacy By Stephen M. Walt 384 pp.
Substance abuse clinics around the world are named for him, as is a bridge in Dublin with a statue of him nearby.
“He’s assertive, decisive; he knows what he’s looking for and he isn’t trying to rip you off,” said Jim Duquette, a former general manager of the Mets and the Baltimore Orioles.
Close the toilet lid before every flush, too, and maybe even flush a second time after pouring in a half cup to a cup of bleach.
But we do need to set aside the illusion that there is a single true and authentic way to speak.
A basketball-size chunk of molten rock, known as a lava bomb, crashed into a tourist boat off Hawaii’s coast this week, injuring 23 people who were there to watch lava flow off the Big Island, officials said.
At Dallas they were unhassled by the rules and routines of the larger outpost, alone atop a ridge where bird song filled the air each dawn.
“The information you have might be terrific information,” Callaway explained when we discussed his approach.
“But sometimes, of course, it doesn’t.” Analysts say it is nearly impossible to measure the effect of Russia’s campaign to discredit the British explanation in the case.
“Just take it bird by bird.” Lamott was an anxious child, twanging to “the vibrational intensity,” as she said, of an unhappy family; bedeviled by tics and migraines, she found respite in humor and chapter books.
Its north corner lies adjacent to a stand of trees whose thirsty roots require groundskeepers to spray extra water on that edge regularly.
Long before trucks existed, the narrow pier right outside was the primary access to the rest of the world: Barley and yeast came off boats, whisky was sent out.
This same team, after losing by 14 points at home in prime time a week ago, provoked a barrage of questions at Jones about a potential head coaching change, and compelled a franchise icon, Troy Aikman, to suggest in a radio interview that the organization, mired in “dysfunction,” needed a “complete overhaul.” This same team, on Sunday night, blocked an Eagles player in the back, helping him tackle the Dallas returner, and also committed a false start on fourth-and-1, forcing it to punt, mental gaffes that a better team could have exploited.
Health officials in the Salisbury area had been on the alert for remaining traces of the substance.
Hackers have targeted websites across the United States — including in Georgia, Florida and California — that allow voters to look up the location of their local polling stations or to verify that they are registered to vote.
You can’t pull off a line like that unless it’s a direct homage.
“You might say I’m still waiting for my royalty checks,” he said.
His disappearing act could not have been more ill timed.
He overshadowed the Lady Macbeth of the soprano Anna Pirozzi, whose principal asset was a brilliant upper range.
What really happens, particularly if you are fond of zucchini — even if you are only partially amenable to zucchini — is that Mother Nature waits for you to grow another type of vegetable in the same place you grew zucchini the year before.
“Growing up, I didn’t care much for Indian sweets,” Ms. Agrawal added.
Kim Harris, a black advertising strategist, spoke up when a white co-worker told her and several other colleagues that Michelle Obama, the former first lady, “looked like an ape.” “What are you talking about?” asked Ms. Harris, 48, who was working in Los Angeles at the time.
[ Need streaming recommendations before FilmStruck disappears for good?
His initial concern was a homeowners policy, which Mr. Noel said “insured every last knife and fork” and charged accordingly.
The company is building a high-powered operation in Washington to help it navigate such issues.
It hits its midpoint on the vernal and autumnal equinoxes, when it rises due east and sets due west.
I grabbed my phone, and suddenly, there it was: Paulina’s life.
(How thrilled I was he’d shown some spine!
He’s been the longest member of the company, and we’ve worked together on everything.
Lawsuits abound but seldom force upheavals in entire systems, Professor Williams said.
Fernell, the woman with the conviction for resisting law enforcement, sat anxiously in a chair along a wall and waited to talk with someone.
Under cover of darkness and in the custody of the federal government, migrant children have been coming in waves to New York, taken from their parents after crossing the southern border.
Her colleagues started buying homes.
We were united around one fact: None of us knew what we were doing.
The interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
When you tell other people’s stories, you need to be aware that there’s only so much you should be allowed to say.
Mr. Barbuti, who succeeded Mr. Perez as her guardian, said he had not looked into her charges.
Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice .
Henry H. Edens III performed the ceremony at Christ Episcopal Church.
She sought therapy for what she experienced, and reportedly confided in her husband and in at least one friend well before Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination.
The event was held in a large, low-ceilinged room at a community center, decorated with black tablecloths and a red ribbon around each black-draped chair.
The organization was founded in 1957 to quash attempts to widen East 49th Street, and it has collaborated with other community groups to rezone side streets for low-rise housing and improve neighborhood parks.
When the project started, Ms. Eagen was pregnant.
“I’m not bothered by his flashiness and think some of his programs have been interesting,” she said.
The question is: Who was the intended audience?
Pause at 10:42 What’s in the current tax bill?
Industry executives, and Ms. DeVos, see it as proof that the Obama administration had it in for the sector.
Irene Taylor Brodsky is an Academy Award-nominated, Emmy- and Peabody Award-winning director based in Portland, Ore. With Dr. Jane Madell, she directed “The Listening Project.” Op-Docs is a forum for short, opinionated documentaries by independent filmmakers.
At a detention hearing last year, a prosecutor, Jennifer G. Solari, said that Ms.
The White House is expected to name Mauricio Claver-Carone to head Latin America affairs at the National Security Council.
You might as well be in Miami or New Jersey or Pleasanton, Calif.
A DAD BOD is a slim physique that is not toned or muscular, and is supposedly considered sexy now.
When Jakob Hetzelein, a history teacher in a working-class district of northeastern Berlin, decided to take his students to Sachsenhausen, a short suburban train ride from the German capital, he was not sure how it would go down.
In the capital, the streets have been converted into urban killing fields that, as recently as 2015, registered a homicide every hour during moments of peak violence.
Still, negative corporate announcements bring a jarring specificity to trade wars that can spread through financial markets and the wider economy.
Or, as the first immigration official called them: wayward women.
I have a pool, and I use a convertible car, and it’s good to just slap it on.
Though both genders’ flowers are fuzzy when they emerge, the males’ remain that way until their long stamens produce beautiful, bright yellow anthers.
Though runaway arrest warrants come by way of A.C.S., they are standard civil arrest warrants and are entered into the state’s warrant database.
California relaxed its rules a little in 2016.
“Some say it will hurt us; others, that it will help.” It certainly did not hurt.
“Sometimes he does reference his church and his beliefs,” she added.
Out of concern for public safety, they passed a law to keep nunchucks off the streets.
He was terrified of injuries, so contact in practice was kept to a minimum and tackling was prohibited.
As I leaned over her shoulder, she edited the materials I wrote for her, honing and sharpening my voice.
The company, which changed its name to PepsiCo in 1965, is now one of the largest multinational conglomerates in the world.
Set in New York in 1971, Satellite Collective ’s “Echo & Narcissus” recasts the lovers, respectively, as a socialite and night owl who commit a crime with tragic consequences.
The Paris of that era features extensively in “Féerie” at the Moulin Rouge and “Paris Merveilles” at the Lido, lending both a nostalgic feel.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or email customercare@nytimes.com .
An Epi-Pen to treat a snakebit e?
Admission was $10 before 11 p.m., $15 after, though given that this was an Oakland warehouse party, it was also Notaflof — no one turned away for lack of funds.
movement isn’t another form of anti-Semitism, what is?
It feels vaguely human and abstract at the same time.
Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com .
For Mr. Kensinger, 39, the challenge was clear: to follow the water from its source to the end, camera in hand, documenting unknown habitats, homes to beavers, oysters, herons, ospreys, sunken boats and other New York specimens.
But the younger Mr. Kuti’s status as a mainstream celebrity in his native Nigeria — he has been a judge on “Nigerian Idol” — hasn’t made his lyrics any less fiery.
Sponsor : The 2019 Win a Trip with Nick Contest (the “Contest”) is sponsored by The New York Times Company, a New York corporation with principal offices at 620 8th Avenue, New York, NY 10018 (“Sponsor”).
The Red Hen restaurant in Lexington, Va., has been flooded by online criticism from backers of Mr. Trump who are angry that its owner refused service to Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, last weekend.
“Anyone who is reared in a Catholic atmosphere,” he replied, “takes in that Catholic atmosphere more or less through their pores.” That we are a few decades removed from 1989 is clear enough.
In 2014, Europe’s highest court ruled that people had the “right to be forgotten” online , meaning they could ask Google and other digital companies to delete search results about them.
In the hours before the rally, a mostly tranquil crowd of Trump supporters, wearing red hats and all manner of Trump pins, trickled into the hall.
• The Dodd-Frank overhaul that passed the Senate may not pass Representative Jeb Hensarling, head of the House Financial Services Committee.
His bushy beard was the length of Wolfman Jack’s, with two graying patches.
Here is a collection of reactions from within and outside the courtroom.
The theater was previously little more than a black box into which audience members crammed themselves, Mr. Stanton said.
“The police were respectful, so it is not about the police,” Ms. Thompson said in her Facebook post.
“The timing is also interesting after delaying for two years.
He had never met her family.
But that is a misconception about pinot noir and the power of terroir.
And an exhaustive report issued weeks before by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, compiled by hundreds of scientists from around the world convened by the United Nations, said emissions would have to decline significantly by 2030 for the world to avoid a world of worsening food shortages and wildfires.
Under his direction, Leverkusen has been turned into a finishing school for scouts.
and the State Department both advocated arming the rebels.
The “pixel” (short for picture element) is a tiny segment of visual data and the basic unit of measurement when talking about digital-photo resolution.
We can assert the same privileges other presidents have.” Mr. Giuliani, who met with the special counsel’s office shortly after joining the legal team last month, said he and another lawyer, Jay Sekulow, agreed that the president should not speak to Mr. Mueller.
His connection to Mr. Pruitt’s Morocco trip was first reported over the weekend in Le Desk, a Moroccan news outlet, and on Tuesday in The Washington Post.
In the 1970s, these discriminatory schools lost their tax-exempt status.
The average balance was $24,000.
New Yorkers may also confuse allergy-like symptoms with reactions to other irritants in the city, like chemicals, odors or air pollutants, Dr. Reisacher said.
But with the Mahathir administration’s new investment in the Tun Razak Exchange, the Exchange 106 tower will be finished on schedule before the end of the year, and the entire 70-acre development appears on a clear path to completion by the early 2020s.
The storm is stirring memories of Super Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, which killed more than 6,000 people.
“We T.P.’ed the boys’ cabin down the hill and had a Silly String fight with two of the other girls’ cabins,” Emma Ann said with a laugh.
It’s hard to quantify how long it took, but writing a book is an exercise in patience.
We are blessed and are a blessing to humanity when we uphold and advance those ideals at home and in the world.
The complications: The U.S. and other big oil producers derailed an effort to formally endorse a U.N. report that called for a drastic cut in fossil fuel use.
“I probably lost a couple of hundred thousand on the transaction,” he said.
What about books not published in 2018 that you read in the past 12 months?
It is the nation’s largest producer of agriculture products by far: More than $6 billion in dairy products alone last year.
“It’s the kind of jokes that the greatest choreographer on earth can make with the body,” Mr. Petronio said.
He found himself asking, “‘Who owns that issue?’” he recalled in an August interview with The Times.
She manages the stress of raising her 6-year-old son by going to 12-step meetings and prioritizing downtime.
From its roots in Italy, 10 Corso Como has unfurled widely.
This Oscar season he has heaped praise on “I, Tonya,” with Margot Robbie as the disgraced figure skater Tonya Harding, and Greta Gerwig’s coming-of-age drama “Lady Bird,” which he called “a stray emerald in a pile of discarded rhinestones.” Young movie buffs who consider him an over-the-hill crank likely do not realize he was always an old soul, even at his telegenic apex as a young man.
A race earlier, a Baffert-trained horse ridden by Smith, Ax Man, won by six and three-quarters lengths, perhaps foretelling what was about to happen next.
Most congressional Republicans fundamentally disagree with that approach, which they consider a backdoor tax that could easily touch off a calamitous trade war , hurt their local businesses and overwhelm any gains from their hard-won, Republican-only tax bill.
Two decades later he founded the importer Vineyard Brands in Vermont, which represented Burgundy and Bordeaux brands like Château Lafite and Château Petrus.
When she wasn’t busy with ballet and piano lessons, she caught lightning bugs and played dolls, hopscotch and jump rope with nearby friends.
Disappointing, overrated, just not good: What book did you feel as if you were supposed to like, and didn’t?
But Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt argues that pressures on the N.H.S.
This new crisis has deep historical roots, and could shape religious and secular ties among many countries for years to come.
At the summit, she immediately took out her phone and began posing with Mr. Wickham, trying different filters.
“There are more black folks here than I thought there were,” he said, breaking into laughter.
I remember gems this year from Brendan Emmett Quigley and Jeff Chen/Sande Milton , and, again, this is in no way meant as a negative — if we made some rule that allowed only the unfamiliar we’d have some freaky and not-very-fun puzzles indeed.
It is the 12th largest in California history, at about 164,000 acres.
Referring to his repeated returns to public service at Mr. de Blasio’s behest, Mr. Brezenoff joked: “I’m failing at retirement.” “I really do care about this city,” Mr. Brezenoff said, adding that his caring was “coupled with a belief that government can make a difference in the lives of people if it’s well done, if it’s well directed.” But, he said of Nycha and its myriad problems, “there’s no magic button to push here.” Since he became mayor in 2014, Mr. de Blasio has repeatedly leaned on Mr. Brezenoff’s skills and reputation.
And when that outer one breaks, it takes over the pressure.
As in the opening concert of her residency in September, composers were also performers.
Mr. McCain’s decision to give a national platform to Ms. Palin contributed to the rise of the Tea Party movement and the emergence of grievance politics and nativism as drivers of the Republican Party.
The judge in the case has threatened journalists with contempt of court charges, which can bring up to five years in prison.
But not all play is created equal.
SCIENCE An article on Tuesday about a clot-busting drug treatment for stroke patients misstated Dr. Jerome Hoffman’s involvement in a business venture.
“Nothing is more important to us than the safety and security of the fans, players, team and arena staff at our games,” said Mike Bass, a spokesman for the N.B.A.
Despite a concerted push by President Barack Obama and the personal appeals of Sandy Hook parents, the bill fell to a largely Republican filibuster.
Size: 4,080 square feet Price per square foot: $168 Indoors: The home has been meticulously maintained, with many of the original features preserved, including radiators that continue to provide atmosphere even after the installation of central heat and air-conditioning.
Though Ms. Adams, who is 28 and the outreach coordinator at the New York Aquarium, would certainly describe herself as a feminist, and her club’s manifesto reads, in part, that it is “dedicated to providing a safe opportunity to connect with the natural world in urban environments and having an ongoing conversation about intersectionality, activism, and the rights of all women, nonbinary folks, and members of the L.G.B.T.Q.+ community,” this was not a dogmatic crowd, nor was it mono-gendered.
They charged all their technology nightly with flexible solar panels.
• Decades ago, a microbiologist discovered a “third kingdom” of life, potentially scrambling Darwin’s theory of evolution .
The Warriors have to brace for the worst, of course, but I don’t sense much Durant apprehension yet.
In the meantime, we get a sustained dose of Mr. Reynolds’s profane, inventive voice-over, and some kinetic fight scenes, briskly directed by David Leitch.
Their benefits could rise or fall depending on whether they get an annual checkup, or take a financial literacy course.
“It’s a line in the sand for the leadership” of China, said Hao Hong, the research director for the international operations of the Bank of Communications, a Shanghai-based financial institution.
Whether Mr. Khan can assert control over Pakistan’s foreign and defense policies will be another crucial test of how successful his government will be.
He was an alcoholic, a womanizer, and just generally wild.” The barbecue was real, but an encounter at the Chateaux Dijon complex sounds so much more fun.
BLADES Lou Reed was the ultimate punk.
The sermon says that King is being motivated not by the Bible, not by religion, but by something else.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion) .
Her percussive footwork enhanced the taped music, her floor patterns and gestures dramatized its spirit with tender vivacity.
It is a bit disappointing that the orchestra’s music director designate, Jaap van Zweden, will not lead this summer’s tour of the boroughs — his predecessor, Alan Gilbert, made a point of conducting many parks concerts himself — but these performances will be in the able hands of the conductor James Gaffigan.
This is the same method that underlies the Air Quality-Life Index that can be explored here .
And he says that Lucifer is the most interesting character in “Paradise Lost.” And then I quote him the line, “Better to reign in Hell,” and he finishes it for me, “than serve in Heaven.” How many people that I interview embrace a comparison of themselves with Satan?
The monotony of the piece of course hearkened back to the droning, durational art that he had been inspired by in the 1960s.
The emergence of the tape just before the election provoked an outpouring of women testifying about sexual harassment.
Indeed, he announced last month that Twitter was experimenting with new features that would actively expose people to such views.
Portal is better than the Show at making calls, and for a first piece of hardware, it’s quite impressive.
The video above shows the parade of characters who just couldn’t hold on to their White House jobs.
Mr. Lee, also 29, works in Washington as the legislative director for Representative Mike Quigley, Democrat of Illinois.
The company said that it expects to reap an additional $3.5 billion to $4 billion in operating cash flow from the tax code change.
Next, he’ll finish his expansion of Diego Rivera’s Anahuacalli Museum in Coyoacán, a multistory structure of black volcanic rock that offers a stark contrast to Rivera’s vibrant murals.
“I was very moved by Leah’s play about a family caught between cultures, set in the final weeks of a mother’s life,” Mr. Akhtar said in a statement.
“Just like … I need you.” He then unmasked, knelt and said, “Marry me,” in the glow of the Bat signal.
Poor Gino, for his part, must absorb a veritable aria of punishments, not the least being that conjugal-visit sex is a poor substitute for the outlaw variety.
Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram , Facebook and Pinterest .
But in its depiction of modern black lesbian life, its fictional secret history of an alternative black film culture and more, it’s an entertainment that’s also a challenge, one that subsequent American cinema, more than 20 years on, has yet to meet.
In 2012, white Americans did not appear to act on these views as much as they seem likely to in 2018.
The initiative, known as Sanitation Appropriate for Education, would “spare generations of young South Africans the indignity, discomfort and danger of using pit latrines and other unsafe facilities in our schools,” said President Cyril Ramaphosa at a kickoff in Pretoria, calling the lack of school sanitation facilities an “emergency.” But education activists said the announcement was long overdue and not nearly enough to solve a crisis that has been brewing for years.
Afterward, they would watch videotape of that day’s training for an hour to 90 minutes.
By this measure, 60 percent of the time since modern G.D.P.
“In law,” Justice Stephen G. Breyer said, “what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.” Justice Kagan called the California law “the exact flip side” of the one sustained in the 1992 decision, Planned Parenthood v. Casey.
(Later, Ms. Heynderickx imagines God creating a spectacular sunset by accident: “She’s the quick glimpse of heaven, forgetting her headlights are on.”) The Oregon-based folk-rock songwriter will perform selections from her upcoming debut album, “I Need to Start a Garden,” at this East Village bar on Friday night.
An estimated 100,000 people gathered throughout the day in Bucharest’s Piata Victoriei to express their anger at the government, with tens of thousands protesting in other cities across the country.
The couple met in 2007 at a Thanksgiving dinner, which was hosted by a mutual friend in Manhattan.
The Madisonian vision would recover the purpose of Congress in our larger constitutional system but would mean slow going, greater cacophony, less centralization and more opportunities for coalitions of strange bedfellows to form.
“This is the one she got in Paris, and remember this?
( Fortune ) • UBS discouraged its staff from traveling to China after one banker was stopped from leaving the country.
“People always talk about food bringing people together, but this kind of broadens that table to a national and international table,” she said.
917-618-6700, barclayscenter.com CHIEF KEEF at Irving Plaza (Oct. 30, 7 p.m.).
Kathy Zarur , a curator and professor at the California College of the Arts, who has also worked for the Sharjah Art Foundation in the United Arab Emirates, said she did not know of any other Arab art-focused institution holding an exhibition with L.G.B.T.
Amelia Marquez, who could become the first openly transgender state legislator in Montana, was referred to as “he” by her Republican opponent, who also called her by her birth name.
“By continuing to approve of NSO Group, the Ministry of Defense is practically admitting to knowingly cooperating with NSO Group as their software is used to commit human rights abuses,” said Molly Malekar, the programs director of Amnesty International’s Israeli office.
There is no need for sweaters or heavy coats in August, no need to personalize a home you may have to vacate tomorrow.
The Justice Department had argued that there was no legal basis for inhibiting the government’s ability to release the detainee from American custody by transferring him to the custody of another country, should a diplomatic deal be reached.
The handsome, 21-year-old hotel has 152 rooms, jade-green marble floors and a puppeteer and drummer who put on an evening show beside the pool.
Even the official numbers, usually tame, are up.
Her parents spoke Maori at home, but she was uncomfortable using the language in public.
Such a scenario of France reverting to its old woes will do the European Union no good.
We were dropped at Kaka Palace Guest House, which had opened about two months earlier.
Jian Ghomeshi, the former CBC radio host accused of sexual assault and harassment, also wrote an essay utterly lacking in self-awareness.
• World War I ended 100 years ago this November, but in Ypres, Belgium, remembrance is ritualized.
Mr. McCain was of the era when senators saw themselves — and their branch of the government — as independent equals of the executive, not merely an extension of it.
“Without a firm foundation, a house will fall apart,” the band sang, “but they can’t take the Ten Commandments out of the Bible or my heart.” For many in the crowd of about 100, the commandments and Judge Kavanaugh are paramount concerns this election season.
You don’t have to truckle before a blast of presidential tweets.
Experience becomes a premium in the playoffs, when handling adversity is as important as handling a puck.
It’s the first time you have pity for him and the plague that is money in his own life.
I confess to thinking now that Mr. Kahn might have been right.
As William Gladstone said toward the end of the century, that Union had been maintained “not by moral agency but through the agency of force,” and the utter horror of the Great Irish Famine in the 1840s left a legacy of bitterness that no subsequent remedies could assuage.
“I wanted to touch them, so one day after dinner I got my hands on one,” he said.
Artists never like to do that kind of work.” The three women were wearing orchids in their hair, provided at the Garden’s entrance as part of the cresting wave of “Aloha” descending on the Garden.
Neither TenBrink nor his friends were in the threat book.
Early in her career Ms. Almeida was struck by the work of the Italian artist Lucio Fontana , particularly his practice of slashing his canvases, which suggested an escape from two-dimensionality.
The advocates not only respond to new crimes, but also reach out to victims of past ones.
He eyed the Pringles in the mini bar, but then decided it made more sense to go to bed hungry and gorge himself the next morning on a huge breakfast.
I wouldn’t have been able to personally concentrate.” You saw Kyrgios doing a whole lot more than that on Sunday: bantering with his box, complaining loudly about having a racket with the wrong string tension, turning routine shots into more difficult ones and difficult shots into routine ones.
— outside the bedroom, and avoid using them just before bedtime.
It caught the attention of other parents and a Cuyahoga Falls councilman, Adam Miller.
I assumed he had landed his coveted job as a member of a well-to-do family after studying at a prestigious American college and business school.
It created a grain reserve that became a primary weapon to flatten boom-and-bust cycles.
Michael Kors Collection scarf, $595.
He nailed the first three, but stumbled on the fourth, a planned quad-single-triple combination.
That’s all well in the past, though.
Can you really interview a dog?
But just below those ads, in a box labeled “Top Rated From Our Brands,” a number of cereals from 365 Everyday Value were featured.
Which, of course, is the point.
As it becomes less relevant, it will become poorer, starting with the heartland.” Mark, somewhere in Canada: “The silver lining to this mess is that it will finally teach Canadians a lesson they should have learned since the 1950s: don’t put all your eggs in one basket.
She won, and the ruling eventually led to the desegregation of our city’s public transit.
Sign up for our weekly N.B.A.
However, Mr. Comey acknowledges that he thought Mrs. Clinton would win the presidency and said it is “entirely possible” that he decided to reveal that the email investigation had started up again 11 days before the election because he was primarily concerned that if he concealed the renewed investigation, it would make her an “illegitimate president.” Would he have made a different decision if Mr. Trump had been ahead in the polls?
The authorities were looking at the possibility that gas may have been placed under a level of pressure that was too high for the pipelines it was moving through, creating cascading crises in more than 8,500 homes and businesses across the three towns.
I’m worried that such scenes will come to seem normal.
Western Union’s experiments suggest that isn’t yet the case.
“The Preacher’s Wife” (1996), a remake of the heartwarming 1947 fantasy romance “The Bishop’s Wife,” starred Denzel Washington and Whitney Houston.
The American venture capital industry, which invested $84 billion in more than 8,000 companies last year, has long faced little to no impetus to alter its demographics.
But after Mr. Poppe explained his plans for a pared-down film focused on the victims, the group’s leaders gave their blessing.
While that won’t happen overnight, Antarctica is indeed melting, and a study published Wednesday in the journal Nature shows that the melting is speeding up.
This anime film comes from CoMix Wave, the Japanese production company behind last year’s “Your Name” ( which our critic really liked , and is not to be confused with the similarly titled “Call Me By Your Name”).
Nell Minow, a longtime advocate for retail investors and a corporate governance expert who originally brought the group to my attention, wrote in a letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission that the group illustrated how companies were using shareholder money to fight shareholder interests.
One defender sits atop the pole and kicks attackers.)
The new rule, which took effect in July 2016 , required additional inspections of devices called blowout preventers, the equipment that failed during the Deepwater Horizon disaster.
“No — nobody uses catgut anymore (gut strings these days are not made out of catgut),” he wrote.
Thomas, who checked in 4 minutes and 33 seconds into the game, was limited to 19 minutes but performed well in that short amount of time, with 17 points on 6 of 12 shooting, along with three assists.
Reducing mass incarceration is another bipartisan cause, endorsed by Newt Gingrich and Bernie Sanders, the Koch brothers and Black Lives Matter.
In the last two months, Juul has removed the flavor focus and now uses only “real people” who have used Juul to switch from smoking cigarettes, the company said.
He is survived by his wife of 37 years, Charlotte Greenspan, and three daughters, Constance Chu Meinwald, Pamela Meinwald and Julia Meinwald.
James Steen, a roofer and truck driver who was unemployed when the wildfire destroyed his home in a rural area near the town of Paradise, said he planned to remain in his tent.
In 2012, President Barack Obama proposed a privacy bill of rights that included many ideas for giving people more control over their information, making data collection more transparent and putting limits on what business can do with the information they collect.
Both degrade the importance of experience.
Djokovic has advanced to the semifinals in his last 11 U.S. Open appearances.
A story of love and betrayal is set against the war between the Spanish and the Cuban guerrillas known as mambises, many former slaves; the sequence is reminiscent of but even wilder in its orchestrated tumult than Luchino Visconti’s operatic costume dramas.
Another concern: Why vote for an opposition candidate whose democratic credentials are questionable?
The federation, which has long been critical of auto insurers’ rate-setting criteria, tested premiums in 12 cities by obtaining 275 quotes from the websites of five large insurance companies.
“I feel good here.” Rod Laver, widely regarded as one of Australia’s greatest athletes, and for whom the center court stadium was named, said he never imagined the Australian Open would become so large an event.
It’s wanting to be the best version of yourself for your person but also for yourself, especially for yourself.
Lisa: It was a big weekend in the governor’s race: An anti-Semitic mailer, a “potentially dangerous situation” with the Tappan Zee Bridge and a very bad poll for Cynthia Nixon.
It is the expression of a consistent worldview that he campaigned on and has pursued in office.
The couple met in 2016 at a speed-dating event at the Hyatt Union Square, a hotel in New York.
Mr. Trump can hardly pass up a Twitter opportunity to rail about “fake news,” especially in the “failing” Times.
A Democratic victory would “erect a barricade against Trump, against a dangerous, reckless president and what else he might do,” said Representative David E. Price, Democrat of North Carolina, who taught political science at Duke University before coming to Congress in 1987.
“We do not currently anticipate that the effects of these recent developments on the U.S. economy will prove to be large enough to have a significant effect on the path for policy,” he said in a speech in Lima, Peru, on Oct. 11, 2015.
While their heft may prevent them from galloping for long periods of time, elands have excellent jumping abilities and are strong enough to fend off predators in herds.
One of my favorite ideas to mull over is how busy we are — or, rather, how busy we think we are.
In a place like Oxford, redolent with history, how can so much history be smothered and lost?
This Ben picks up Alison’s narrative about her ex-husbands, Cole and Noah — her realization that she, too, contributed to the toxic dynamics she once attributed solely to them — and throws it back in her face: She seduced him, he says, made him drink, ended yet another marriage.
Since he invented the social entrepreneur category 36 years ago, hundreds of thousands of people have said, “Yes, that’s what I want to be.” The changemaker is an expansion of that social type.
that Whitaker oversees in his new job.
This week, she flew to Dublin from her home in England, and was already beginning to fill in blanks and find old connections.
We even knew we were being manipulated, and we still let it happen: As we expected, Trump lost interest in the caravan after ballots were cast, and the topic faded.
The highest recorded gusts were 93 m.p.h.
The Supreme Court also ducked the central issue in that case in June, ruling for the baker on the grounds that he had not been treated fairly by a state civil rights commission.
But in trying to prove to his European interlocutors that Britain is prepared for all eventualities, Mr. Raab knows he risks frightening the British public and weakening faith in the Brexit project, which he supports.
“There’s a lot of pent-up dissatisfaction with countries that have not been helpful.
They also measured political competition, or the vote share of a particular party in relation to other parties.
He conducted two inaugural concerts for President Bill Clinton and two for President George W. Bush; the last television performances by Frank Sinatra and Sammy Davis Jr.; and concerts by the Israel Philharmonic, the National Symphony in Washington, the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra and the Munich Philharmonic, among others.
“The bikes were coming through, but they were coming straight on through.
There are growing fears of a “no deal” exit, which could create chaos at the borders and in the economy.
When Danai said that of her character, I totally got it.” The moment lasts only a few seconds in the film, but it is striking and lasting in its message.
In the final weeks of the election, Mr. Gillum aired an ad trumpeting his support for universal health care, legalizing marijuana and abolishing the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.
[ The New York Times ] • California spent $11,495 per pupil in 2016.
The team competition continues Sunday with the ice dance short program, the women’s short program and the pairs free skate.
A boy flanked by two friends told Ms. Burke that he admired her “voice and her knowledge.” “They don’t even blink that I’m sitting in this chair tonight,” she said a few minutes later, almost surprised at the thought.
And there is a difference between a conversation they could have with Paula and a conversation they could have with a sales associate at one of the larger galleries.
Framing such frolics down memory lane are the embittered recollections of the older, present-day John Marcher, fiercely played by Peter Friedman.
Evan Osnos of The New Yorker captured Trump’s “leadership” style: “Barack Obama’s foreign policy was characterized as leading from behind.
That’s the way he plays the game.” “He enjoys that part of the game to be honest with you,” O’Brien continued.
PRODUCED BY Jenna Pirog, Graham Roberts, and Evan Grothjan WRITTEN AND NARRATED BY Mark Coleman ADDITIONAL REPORTING BY David Gelles MUSIC BY Anthony Pirog COLOR GRADING BY Shawn King WEB PRODUCTION BY Karen Barrow, August Navarro, Alex Ording, Sara Bremen Rabstenek, and Joel Stillman Special thanks to Sea Ranch and Spirit Rock Meditation Center in California.
WILLIAM DAROFF, WASHINGTON The writer is senior vice president for public policy and director of the Washington office of the Jewish Federations of North America.
“Continue the phishing operation to penetrate the firewalls of The New York Times.
Smaller Chinese search engines receive relatively little traffic on their own apps and websites, said Juan Lin, an analyst in Shanghai with the research firm 86Research.
I don’t think I’ll ever retire.
It’s also about creating the conditions of possibility for other people to say, ‘No, I think’ — fill in the blank.”
This time it’s for Ivan Strinic of Croatia.
Focusing on improvements there, she said, ignores a bigger matter.
“Artists often operate below the radar and they have to,” she said in a phone interview.
So please stop beating yourself up.
Facebook’s director of artificial intelligence, Y ann LeCun, said in 2016 that machine learning algorithms would one day be able to weed out false news on Facebook.
Let’s say that this year’s flu vaccine is even worse than we think.
I wanted to be alone, but I was nothing like Greta Garbo .
The leader of Britain’s opposition party, Jeremy Corbyn, tried on Monday to position Labour as the standard-bearer of a “soft” exit from the European Union, narrowing the maneuvering room for Theresa May, the country’s already weakened prime minister.
The loudest sounds seemed to come from the trilling of birds.
A replacement for Mr. Khoshroo has not been announced yet.
Both parties have largely repudiated Greenspan’s precepts, with Republicans lurching toward protectionism and a nativist hostility for globalization and Democrats lurching toward something he would surely find equally repugnant: income redistribution, ever-expanding government entitlements and identity politics.
As you move along the table, which is 48 feet long on each side, the plates become small sculptures, bulbous and gleaming.
“We have been living and breathing it every day.” “But if it’s not on camera it never happened, our boys and girls are ‘making it up,’” he added.
Over the weekend, subway speeds went from 15 miles per hour to as much as 30 on parts of the N and R lines in Brooklyn.
In a staggering mea culpa, the firm said it was withdrawing the report’s main conclusions and recommendations — including the assertion that the investigative unit had been established illegally and was operating in a rogue manner.
It has nothing to do with historical era.
And if you’ve been a winner or runner-up in our previous contests, or a teacher who teaches with any of them, we’d love to hear from you for a forthcoming piece.
“He is, after all, just one man and part of a much bigger system.” An economic populist, Mr. Zuma spoke often of a “radical economic transformation” to make South Africa work better for the vast impoverished black underclass that had been left behind during the rapid years of growth under his archrival, Mr. Mbeki.
At the same time, Willa believes a “wild animal” is prowling their home, but Ben Woolf, a policeman who’s also a veteran like Dana, has his doubts.
Singapore’s Smart Nation government website says people can use their smartphones to access “personalized health records at your fingertips!” The hack appeared to have used malware to infiltrate the system.
The episode again threw the spotlight on Mr. Pruitt, who is facing multiple allegations of unethical behavior, including the purchase of a $43,000 secure telephone booth for his office, the rental of a condominium from the wife of an energy lobbyist with business before the agency and his habit of flying first-class to places including Morocco, where the E.P.A.
In a decade, they may supplant the Jagermeister shot dispenser as the bar world’s favorite brand-specific booze delivery system.
Ms. Taylor said that over the past few months they had received a half-dozen bales of hay from an organization called Buy a Bale , which donates it to farmers in need.
Further intervention followed: She turned those photographic images into nine lithographs, which she printed on felt.
Hundreds of police officers were deployed in the capital to ensure security.
In the short term, of course, it changes little, or nothing.
They’re focused on the addictive nature of these user interfaces.
Tornadoes and large waterspouts are also possible, and the Weather Service warned residents to prepare for considerable property damage, saying some locations “may be uninhabitable for weeks.” Storm surge could raise water levels up to four feet in some areas above normal tide levels.
“You covered the cut of the dress,” Ms. Levin said.
For more, check out all of Wirecutter’s best picnic gear .
Black and Hispanic people do, despite survey after survey saying people of most races smoke at similar rates.
In fairness, the fears of some technology workers that their work will be used for ill do have a historical basis — in other countries.
Last year, for instance, Chile added three exceptions to its ban: in the case of rape or incest; if the mother’s life is at risk; or if the fetus has a fatal impairment.
But there’s much more anti-labor extremism in his record.
Alter’s translation allows for the possibility that Sarah’s actions are a logical response to living in a society that pitted women against each other in a contest for a male heir.
“The moves those countries are making relate to their uncertainties about the U.S. and the Trump strategy or lack thereof,” Mr. Taylor said.
You literally need to be alone.
Without it, Citigroup’s quarterly earnings and revenue exceeded analysts’ estimates.
For instance, some research suggested that Svalbard reindeer lacked standard circadian rhythms, leading to speculation that their body clocks had been lost over evolutionary time.
Patricia and the friend were indicted by a grand jury on a charge of aggravated sexual assault, but the case collapsed after the alleged victim declined to testify.
In 2015, a military coalition led by Saudi Arabia began bombing the Houthis, who have responded by firing missiles into the kingdom.
But as distressing polling numbers have continued to arrive, Mr. Rauner has struck tones not unlike the president’s.
“We are postured to defend and protect, not to cause international crises and provocation and escalation.
The effort, Dr. Nayak said, shows that “when we see real-world biases making results worse than they should be, we try to get to the heart of the problem.” Yet it is not just these unintended biases that we should be worried about.
That will not be built, he said on Monday.
Volvo dealerships could not access their service records, according to press reports, and Kremlin museums had to suspend ticket sales.
And they know you’re going to replace them.
The groom’s mother retired as a psychiatric nurse practitioner in the Boston area.
Not by catering or condescending to it but by transforming it, so what you thought you saw (denim; schoolgirl uniforms complete with striped blazers; varsity jackets; Prince of Wales check) was almost never what you got.
“Higher fuel prices could mean more buying power for Middle Eastern customers,” he said.
Stroll down the hall, take the stairs to visit a restroom a floor above or below your own, or complete a few easy laps around your office.
Stevens and Ross strike asymmetrical chords on every offbeat, setting Smith up for a coolly drifting solo.
General Cloutier was promoted last month to lead all Army forces in Africa.
_________ Have students prepare presentations on challenging issues in contemporary bioethics.
But like many optimistic images of the future, it is also a bit of an illusion.
Four years after that, however, their contract was abruptly terminated; a year later, Allen and Rossi broke up for good.
The movie’s nonlinear narrative and unreliable narrators would also inspire many films, like “The Usual Suspects” and “Hero.”
You’re not really sure all the time if you’re telling the exact truth or the way you wanted it to be.
“They locked me in a room that was 8x10, or maybe 8x16, for 23 hours a day, all by myself,” said one detainee identified only as R.B.
“She is so hard-working,” says Will Frears, who directed Metcalf in a 2015 Broadway adaptation of “Misery.” “She is extraordinary in her desire to be extraordinary.” Mantello told me that one thing he particularly loves about rehearsing with Metcalf are the moments when she’s engrossed in a scene and hears him laugh: “She sort of glances out at me and laughs with me.
If necessary, the president’s lawyers will ask the Supreme Court to intervene, predicted Josh Blackman, a constitutional law professor at the South Texas College of Law in Houston.
But in a study recently published in Nature Ecology and Evolution , Dr. Darroch and his colleagues surveyed seafloor fossils from various parts of the Ediacaran and concluded that the early stages of the period featured surprisingly intricate communities.
There is no obvious answer to fan misbehavior.
Artcurial held memorable auctions of the classic furnishings of two landmark Parisian hotels, the Hôtel de Crillon in 2013 and the Ritz in 2017.
Mateusz Morawiecki, Poland’s prime minister, told lawmakers in June that he expected publishers in the United States or Germany to think again before they use phrases like “Polish concentration camps” because they might fear a resulting lawsuit.
“We are a commercial operation, and we must have profits.” He did allow that changing the generic formula is a must.
Have you communicated with the White House about these matters in any way or with the president’s lawyers in any way?
finals two games to none after dominating the Cleveland Cavaliers, 122-103, on Sunday .
“Denny says, ‘I am half American so I can talk to the U.S.’ Hahaha, the world is not that optimistic,” someone else wrote on Twitter.
“Whatever Palmer had in mind regarding the future, I figured I’d be completing my master’s work at the U. of M., maybe going on to get my doctorate, then either teaching or settling down at that quiet research bench at Honeywell,” Mr. Bakken wrote in his autobiography.
Another surreal accent of Sir Shadow’s life is his connection to the Durst family, one of the oldest and most powerful real estate dynasties in New York, owning properties like One World Trade Center.
In 1987, however, a major amendment to Turkey’s 1983 constitution lifted a ban on some outlawed opposition parties.
About a month ago, Michael May, a medical resident in Manhattan, said he was on the A train when a stranger sent him a photo of a completely nude man covering his genitals with a glowing light saber.
It’s the biggest step the government has taken in 20 years in health care,” said Dr. Ajay Bakshi, the former chief executive of a hospital chain based in Bangalore.
Yet many American lawmakers and government officials have resisted removing restrictions on buprenorphine, arguing it replaces one addiction with another.
To the Editor: Re “ Court Vacancy in Election Year Jolts the Parties ” (front page, June 29): Regarding the rock-and-a-hard-place position in which the Republican Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski and the Democratic Senators Joe Manchin III, Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Donnelly seem to find themselves concerning the Supreme Court vacancy, and whether or not they will support President Trump’s nominee, the obvious question is, Why?
They moved to New York City in 1959 and became part of a downtown scene made up of avant-garde painters, musicians, dancers and performance artists.
He lied all over the place to cover it up.
At first I couldn’t believe he didn’t answer, and then I was devastated.
Watch the beginning again: That contrast — tight closed positions versus stretched open ones — immediately becomes the stuff of which all “Barocco” is made.
Louisiana, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Nebraska, Idaho, Wyoming — you get the picture.
What us new trade theorists did was say, “It looks as if there’s a lot going on in world trade that can’t be explained in existing formal models.
However, it was Dr. King who dramatized the boycott with his decision to make it the testing ground, before the eyes of the nation, of his belief in the civil disobedience teachings of Thoreau and Gandhi.
I mixed it with rockabilly.” Mr. Fontana worked with Presley through his so-called comeback TV special in December 1968.
Ajayi also ran in a 2-point extra attempt after his touchdown.
She “should be considered on a par with other covert Russian agents,” prosecutors said.
Almost 80 feet long but just under 15 feet wide, with a peaked 22-foot ceiling and a single lofted bedroom, the house’s front and back walls are partially glass, as are most of its interior walls; the central area between the living room and the small guest wing holds a covered courtyard, completing the illusion of a raw, skeletal frame.
Pierre Trudeau might have technically been a liberal, but he was the kind of liberal who declared martial law in 1970 when a bumbling handful of Quebec separatists were deemed enough of a threat to justify suspending civil liberties en masse.
His hands were not detected on the wheel for six seconds before his Model X slammed into a concrete divider near the junction of Highway 101 and 85 in Mountain View, and neither Mr. Huang nor the Autopilot activated the brakes before the crash.
Mr. Pequeño took a roll call of the infected.
“They are deliberately and aggressively targeting their investments in the region to gain a competitive advantage over the United States,” Mr. Bolton said.
We’ve learned a lot, and I’m hoping the Mercedes guys have learned a lot from us here.
Thank you for your time!
Based on the losses from each company’s high point in recent months, more than $1 trillion in value has been erased.
I can’t give you an answer.” An answer could come as soon as 2020, at the Tokyo Paralympics.
In the old days, he said, estates like these were associated with crime, but he now appreciates that they have become a popular attraction.
It was the whole emergence of the Pop Art movement.” But he did not enter the art world, and he recognized how he and his brother differed.
Not quite survivalists, they are nonetheless teaching themselves essential life skills — like how to grow their own food and make their own electricity — just in case things spin out of control, and the government can’t step in to help.
It’s difficult to directly link declines in crime or gun violence to any specific law, given the limited scope and loopholes in each one, according to experts and research.
Many who did show up were there primarily to watch a concurrent men’s competition.
Other tech companies like Apple, Facebook and Google are now springing into gear and investing hundreds of millions of dollars to create their own original programming .
Over time, the postal system , which also offered popular banking services, grew to be the world’s largest financial institution and a source of political patronage for Japan’s governing Liberal Democratic Party.
Fox has found some momentum from its Friday night lineup, particularly with the revived “Last Man Standing,” starring Tim Allen, and a new series, “The Cool Kids.” Both have been given a full season order.
What Is Your Relationship With Guns?
The lighter hydrogen should turn metallic at lower pressures.
His naked body — decapitated, dismembered, discarded — was found in front of a black cemetery just outside Jasper.
Tyra, a local businessman, managed to hire everyone’s ideal candidate for men’s basketball coach: Chris Mack, who grew up nearby, outside Cincinnati, and had made Xavier a top program.
While the near-term consequences of his actions have been devastating enough, the nature of what Mullah is accused of will sow doubt and mistrust in the communities where he worked for years to come, with people wondering about the paternity of local children.
By joining forces, the two mobile carriers said, they would help ensure that American companies remained world leaders in the coming era of fifth-generation wireless technology, or 5G.
After striking Florida, Michael is expected to veer northeast through Georgia and the Carolinas before heading into the Atlantic on Thursday night.
In the House, Nunes quickly fell under the tutelage of John Boehner, who seemed an unlikely choice of mentor at the time.
Mr. Pompeo’s plan calls for a new negotiation that will embrace stronger and longer nuclear limitations, restrictions on missile tests and exports, and limits on Iranian activity to support terrorist groups or the government in Syria.
All that is left is one more race and one more victory — and one more rainstorm, his team surely hopes — to land him among the titans of the sport of kings.
And recruiting matters perhaps more than ever because of several trends: better high school football, which produces more game-ready freshmen; better college development, which enables more underclassmen to enter the N.F.L.
The bride, 29, is a program officer for the Fulbright program in the State Department’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs in Washington.
The way you cut yourself slack is by owning that more complicated narrative.
That has added to the difficulty of finding qualified workers with the unemployment rate falling to 3.9 percent.
Start with “I notice,” then “I wonder,” and end with “The story this graph is telling is ….” and a catchy headline.
We see that the drawers have already been pulled out.
They’re going to decide down the stretch what our season is going to really be like.
What would you like to see here?
On the one hand, top officials express sympathy, not daring otherwise as polls show wide support for the movement; on the other, the same officials are angry and exasperated over the violent challenge to France’s institutional structure.
The key to reducing the impact on the environment is integrating these measures into the design of the building from the outset.
They love wildlife and saw animals ranging from s loths and monkeys to crocodiles.
“There is a certain legislation that demands certain data to be passed to certain services of the Russian Federation,” he said, adding that his office would switch to an alternative app as soon as Telegram stopped functioning.
Callimachi: I mean, that’s, that’s kind of up to you.
The world is mourning you.
She died a few weeks after its release , at 97.
By 1972 he had earned a law degree from the University of Southern California and he interviewed for a job with Nixon’s personal lawyer, Herbert Kalmbach.
After the law was approved, Apple promised to add 20,000 domestic jobs over the next five years, along with making other investments in the United States.
Mr. Sunstein, 63, who served in the Obama administration as the head of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, has had direct influence in the world of politics and policy.
Her hand dropped weakly to the floor.
Then they traded the team’s best reliever, Jeurys Familia, for two unexciting prospects and five pieces of plywood.
30 in 2016 and later that year unveiled a statue of his famous salute outside their arena in Newark.
These days, when I think, “Someone should really do something about that,” I realize with alarm that that “someone” is me.
The Department of Education has developed at least some protocols for doing this: frameworks for how to respond to outbursts, guidelines for how to penalize students without alienating them.
A government hotline has been set up to help parents locate their children.
How to choose whether to write about the Swiss champion skier paralyzed on one side of his body, the American sled hockey player whose leg was amputated a year after his Army vehicle struck a roadside bomb in Iraq, or the Australian snowboarder who lost parts of both arms after being attacked by two great white sharks?
Instead of a small committee making the decision, each of FIFA’s member federations will vote — with its choice made public — at the meeting in Moscow in June.
Here’s our report, complete with breathtaking photographs .
In one of several strange scenes, she follows Malik into the housing projects at night, seeming oddly fixated on the young man as he stands apart, watching fellow students enjoy a communal rap session.
(Among them was Ken Friedman, whose restaurant group includes White Gold; no allegations of misconduct have been made there, and he declined to comment for this piece.)
Cook for 60 minutes at high pressure, manual release, then shred the meat and crisp it in a pan, moistening with some of the juices from the pot.
Some patients receiving treatment have experienced headaches, fever and rapid heartbeats.
Mr. Collins had an estimated net worth of $43.5 million in 2017, according to Roll Call.
Amazon is the favorite to win the contract, but IBM, Microsoft and Oracle would all like a piece of the action.
In politics, he was chairman of the Conservative Party for two years and served in the governments of Harold Macmillan, Sir Alec Douglas-Home and Edward Heath, as well as those of Churchill and Mrs. Thatcher.
“I’m like the heritage of warriors or something.” But as much as Mr. Hughes wants to explore the different regions he comes from and meet the family members whom he got that DNA from, he hasn’t matched with anyone through the genetic testing service.
There was the long walk around Central Park spent listening to a podcast about the Brock Turner case (both I and the women on the podcast were nearly hysterical); that time I missed my subway stop because I was laughing so hard at Bill Bryson’s audiobook about Australia, and then instead of getting back on the subway I walked the two miles home so that I could finish listening (and laughing) to the whole thing.
_____ • In Yemen , the city of Al Hudaydah came under intense attack for the second day , in the largest battle of the country’s yearslong civil war.
From this dramatic start, the book then proceeds with a quick tour of the artist’s early life.
Still, I do very well on the tests.
Tell the DNA machine that you have “French” genes, and it may return music by an artist from the 9th arrondissement , who sings about being in love and being young, and also about his Ivorian roots, in his native French.
“I think Mother Nature has been really easy on me.
“The tactic I use for anybody who comes at me, or is skeptical about the journalist’s job, is I put my hand on their shoulder and say, ‘You know, both of us are smarter than those narratives going around about what journalism is,’” she said.
The ‘Road Map’ was simply that — a series of guideposts if the House Judiciary Committee wished to follow them.” In another declaration, Mr. Goldsmith noted the incongruity that the Watergate-era document has a better historical reputation than the Starr report and yet is unavailable for public scrutiny.
One CD collects what are called the Esher demos: four-track recordings , mostly just acoustic guitars and vocals.
The start-up was co-founded by Dr. Sara Khurram and modeled on a predicament she herself faced.
“Do you want your guests to be seated?
The play was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 2000.
Twelve-year-old Zain witnesses and undergoes horrors that don’t seem exaggerated, but Zain al Rafeea, the young actor who plays him, endures the worst with Keatonesque stoicism and Chaplinesque empathy.
Many of Mr. Trump’s supporters — voters who will be key to victories by Republicans in close contests this fall — believe that legal immigration has cost them jobs, depressed wages and forced higher taxes.
First Jed Bernstein, its president, was forced to step down 27 months into the job, after the discovery that he had been in a relationship with a staff member.
Fifty-five Soviet diplomats were expelled by President Ronald Reagan in November 1986 in an effort to curb espionage activities.
Mr. Figueroa said he hoped Working Families would at least remain neutral.
Yes, my dog often licks the television and thank you so much for taking him.
They pushed tables together and ate soft-serve ice cream.
You step off a rotating cable car into a blue-lit ice cave, walk across the suspension bridge, go up and down “the Ice Flyer” (a ski lift) and go home — more engineering than nature.
Nearly 20 years later, the report’s critique remains pointed.
Which may be true, except it doesn’t remotely apply to him.
My wife is a psychotherapist, and occasionally I skim her Psychotherapy Networker magazine.
Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter.
The Maldives’ Elections Commission on Monday declared a resounding presidential election victory for the opposition candidate, and after hours of tense waiting, the country’s authoritarian incumbent conceded defeat.
During a separate exercise, instructors criticized her for failing to shoot an armed suicidal actor quickly enough.
I have multiple pairs, all the ones that I can get my hands on.
Birmingham was still fresh in everyone’s imagination.
1153 The oldest item in the show is a 12th-century parchment papal bull, signed by the reigning pope, Anastasius IV; three future popes; one future antipope; and one future saint.
Mr. Trump and Ms. Merkel, who have had a chilly relationship from the start, steered away from the kind of awkward confrontations that have characterized past meetings, going out of their way to compliment each other and accentuate areas of agreement.
Jane Meyer, a spokeswoman for the mayor’s office, said that Ms. McCray’s public schedules listed fund-raising calls made on behalf of the fund, but an analysis of those schedules showed just three such calls in the first three years Mr. de Blasio was in office.
Publications like Mixmag, which less than a decade ago routinely put scantily clad “club girl” models on its cover, now often feature female D.J.s and producers.
“The ocean coming through.” About 200 miles to the southwest, Danny Donathan used a tractor to load sandbags onto the roof of a camping trailer next to his home near Myrtle Grove Sound.
I’m not saying it’s wrong.
“We don’t have much time left to revel in the carnival of bubbles,” she said in a speech.
Inevitably, there are debates over whether accommodations make things fairer or less fair.
But the dramatic release of a police dashcam video that drastically contradicted the official police account sparked outrage and calls for the resignation of Mr. Emanuel and his appointed police superintendent, Garry McCarthy.
While some of the revenue from the tax would help offset the state’s budget deficit, much of it would be earmarked for clean-energy investments, projects to help the state adapt to floods and wildfires, and programs to cushion low-income residents from increases in energy prices.
“They’d be like: Oh, really — what’d he produce?
Emerging technology should always be scrutinized, especially when it could involve health risks and strain public infrastructure.
Few other journalists, past or present, can match that breadth.
The babies are fragile, he said, and need extra help from their mothers.
Wells Fargo (United States) — $1.95 trillion 12.
Hope Hicks, the White House communications director, told House investigators that her work for Mr. Trump had occasionally required her to tell white lies .
And while some people truly don’t like doing it (I don’t particularly, either), it’s worth trying to get in the spirit of it, especially if you’re planning to do any shopping.
Weaker “Yellow Vests”: Demonstrations in France this past weekend were smaller and calmer , after economic concessions by President Emmanuel Macron and a terrorist attack in Strasbourg.
This tea bag is turning colors; it’s a greenish color with pink.
You can’t believe anything else.
“Popular culture is certainly having an effect,” Alex Bell, Sotheby’s worldwide co-chairman of old master paintings, said Wednesday night after his 66-lot auction raised 42.6 million pounds, or about $56.3 million.
“Our views about appropriate monetary policy in the months and years ahead will be informed by incoming economic data and the evolving outlook,” Mr. Powell said.
Two events that explore the culture of Japanese comics have limited space and require sign-up on site: a workshop on designing the comic strips known as manga and, on Saturday only, sessions with the illustrator Aya Kakeda in which participants will make their own kawaii, or cutesy, characters.
Boeing, which stands to lose a $20 billion deal, has played down the impact .
After the auction, a man in the elevator, a fellow bidder and Goreyphile, told Ms. Devers, “You must live up to this coat!” Speaking by phone from her home in London, she said: “I wore it a lot in the New York City winters when I would get invited to parties.
Experts believe that such a question would likely cause more immigrants — those here legally and illegally — to refuse to take part in the census, out of a fear of drawing the attention of immigration officials.
As in Aciman’s novel, Bassani’s narrator looked back two decades to his youth.
They’re a form of electromagnetic radiation on the same spectrum as light and X-rays, only at the opposite end.
As he has prepared for Brussels, Mr. Trump has accused Europe of exploiting the United States and hinted that he might play the role of agitator at NATO, sowing disagreement among allies, which would play into Mr. Putin’s hands.
Charging 100 million Prime members an extra $20 per year, in theory, raises “only“ $2 billion.
The bride’s father was a Major League Baseball television sports director for both Fox Sports and New York Mets telecasts on SNY.
As far as I’m concerned — and your mileage certainly may vary — there is no better palate cleanser for a week of American-style crosswords than a cryptic crossword.
You can browse them here .
She said, I think I have someone for you and I’ll put you in touch.
The results haven’t been pretty: depleted soil, chemically fouled waters, true family farms all but eliminated, a worsening of public health and more.
Led at the Morgan by the musical directors Paul O’Dette and Stephen Stubbs, and the concertmaster Robert Mealy, the opera’s score is stylistically diverse and forward-looking, with surprising psychological depth and melodic beauty.
This meant more “Les Misérables,” including a parody of “Do You Hear the People Sing?” by a group of revolutionaries at the barricades.
Going with a player like DiVincenzo, who thrived in a winning culture and is more of a sure thing in several regards might be a masterstroke.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette on Wednesday quoted Mayor Louis Payne of East Pittsburgh as saying that the officer who shot Antwon was hired in mid-May and had been formally sworn in hours before the shooting.
“Finally!” she blurted out, followed by “Yes!” Wedding plans were temporarily disrupted last September when Hurricane Irma destroyed their new home, flooding it with 2½ feet of sewage and seawater and forcing them to move five times in four months while commissioning a total rebuild.
Rather, he relied on the testimony of the artists themselves to offer a picture of the movement seen from the inside out.
I went to an unscreened public high school.
Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, was frustrated.
[ Read more about the power flip in Albany. ]
Pointing to the black-clad team that carried out the torture, they told Mr. Nashiri that its members had volunteered for the job after hearing he was responsible for the bombing of the Cole and “had something to avenge.” In the late November session , after Mr. Nashiri was waterboarded several times, the interrogators said they were willing to deliver the same treatment for months until he cooperated.
Founded in 1985, the company helped build the modern mobile phone industry with its technology.
More than nine million people in the country often or always feel lonely, according to a 2017 report published by the Jo Cox Commission on Loneliness .
I am, as you indicate, no stranger as a novelist to the erotic furies.
To the Editor: According to Dr. Ronny Jackson, an overweight 71-year-old man with evidence of coronary artery disease who does no exercise and feasts mainly on fast food is in “excellent health.” Surely it is time for a ghostwriter to write President Trump’s next book: “The Trump Diet and Lifestyle — Your Guide to Excellent Health.” BRIAN GORMAN, ROCHESTER, MINN. To the Editor: President Trump’s diagnosis needs a second opinion.
“We’re confident that the economy is strong enough to not need the discount.” Such exhilaration is not evenly spread throughout every sector or region.
This ingenious short subject imagines all that, with amazing if corrugated realism, and delivers a funny punch line to boot.” “We rise from the perusal of ‘ Wuthering Heights ’ as if we had come fresh from a pest-house,” a critic wrote when the book was published in 1847.
He’s always had a love for Greek mythology, so when I asked him, “Hey, who was the guy who hung out with Cerberus?” he knew the answer, HADES, right off the bat.
This whole thing has the big tech companies freaked out, from chip makers like AMD and Intel to software giants like Google and Microsoft.
(This is the town where the Black Panther Party was founded.)
Noting that there were other pressing concerns in the Middle East, like the civil wars in Yemen and Syria, Ms. Haley accused the United Nations of having a distracting fixation on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
NBC said that his reporting “was never cleared or approved” by NBC’s standards or legal departments.
A group of migrants who found refuge under a large open-sided tent slept close together on the dirt to keep warm.
Juul deal: The tobacco giant Altria, which makes Marlboro and other top-selling cigarettes, has agreed to pay nearly $13 billion for a 35 percent stake in Juul Labs , the popular vaping company.
As Senator John McCain’s coffin was being loaded onto a military plane bound for Washington on Thursday afternoon, cameras from major American TV networks beamed the coverage around the world, allowing a rapt public to witness the next leg of his four-day funeral.
As a person who bought her brand, it made me really sad.
I told him he didn’t exist yet.
Mr. Moor also noted that the new tower will contribute millions in additional tax revenue, nearly 10 percent of the overall tax base, which could go toward schools, public works and others projects throughout the city.
Here are collections of favorites on love and relationships , the power of music , the joy of swimming and how we view money .
It was instantly popular, thanks in part to a booming Japanese economy that, as W. David Marx notes in his 2015 book “ Ametora: How Japan Saved American Style ,” put credit cards in the pockets of middle-class teenagers and made it possible for them to afford Comme des Garçons and similarly expensive, off-kilter clothing.
The Rams’ quest for a perfect season will continue next week in New Orleans, where an equally powerful N.F.C.
Matthew Passion.” And the California-born bass Alex Rosen sang with robust, deep sound, crisp German diction and instinctive authority.
The amendment I propose would have four clauses: 1) a declaration that the right to vote shall not be denied or impaired because of voters’ race, religion, creed, national origin or political affiliation; 2) a requirement that state and federal legislative districts be compact, contiguous and as nearly equal in population as is practical; 3) a requirement that state and federal districts be drawn by commissions in which no party constitutes a majority; and 4) a provision that the federal courts shall enforce the rights stated in the amendment.
Others you can’t wait to see out the door.
Her school is one of only a few places that teaches the art of molded chocolate work, a disappearing skill, at such a high level.
Mr. Kelly spoke to Navy SEALs about the shock that comes from being inside something akin to a battle scene, with no training.
Tickets cost from $100 to $275.
But somehow in politics, it’s different.
Supporters had expressed hope that the agreement would salvage and transform New York City’s public housing, providing additional oversight and an infusion of cash to overhaul the decrepit living conditions in many of Nycha’s 176,000 apartments.
Others suggested working with hospitals, libraries, food pantries, or idealistic start-ups.
He said he had not expected his father to be sent back, and suddenly found himself alone in New York.
“I’m waiting for a call back,” he said.
Where are the best restaurants or bars?
Soon after he became district attorney, Mr. Fogle’s emails began arriving.
There’s a second voice here, trailing the first like a shadow.
Pay attention, Perry bids us.
Indeed, in the early going “Drift Multiply” was some of Mr. Perich’s most sublimely settled music yet, as minor-third dyads bloomed throughout the violins.
I’m pretty sure it’s not an uncommon feeling for women of a certain age who suddenly find themselves on their own.
Guy Fetherstonhaugh, a lawyer for the Tate board of trustees, told the court that visitors came for the view rather than to gawk at the apartments.
The public events you plan to have also sound very nice.
The mascot team — there are typically several students who play the role — would often meet to trade “excuses,” Mr. Clark said.
In The Atlantic, Caitlin Flanagan described it as “ 3,000 words of revenge porn ” inspired by romantic disappointment.
The Holland-America Line built what was said at the time to be the largest warehouse in the world on this pier in 1923, using it as a passenger terminal and goods transport center, according to Droom en Daad.
can apply these rules to companies outside of the United States that want to sell their products here, where 178 million players generate $30.4 billion in revenue every year.
Dr. Peter Salama, the World Health Organization’s deputy director general for emergencies, said the latest outbreak, in North Kivu Province, involves the Zaire strain of the virus.
Tyler Coady Nashville To the Editor: Sarah Smarsh misses the mark in blaming the media for its alleged one-dimensional portrait of the working class.
“That is just gossip.” Samuel Macko, 15, who lives in a ramshackle Roma settlement on the village’s edge, said he particularly liked Warhol’s incandescent pictures of Marilyn Monroe.
But isn’t this a pretty typical getting-to-know-you topic among parents of young children?
You only win your first Grand Slam title once.
More often than not, the threats target women.
Clearly, most people now demand more freedom of conscience and less rigidity when it comes to moral choices such as those surrounding abortion.
Judge O’Neill of the Montgomery County Court of Common Pleas in Norristown, Pa., did not explain his reasoning in allowing the five additional accusers.
212-534-1672, mcny.org BLACK HISTORY MONTH PROGRAMS at the Staten Island Children’s Museum (Feb. 10-11).
This month, he appeared by video at an automotive conference in Germany, but did not discuss the matter.
Democrats say that the latest episode — including the president’s involvement — is the most recent gambit by Mr. Nunes and Mr. Trump to undermine the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, and gain information about his inquiry.
The executive chef, Diego Garcia, 30, is a native of Northern Mexico.
A manager, she said, used to touch her inappropriately and make suggestive comments.
Sophia Smith thought she had beaten the “ bomb cyclone .” But minutes after boarding a New York-bound plane on Thursday morning, a text message from the airline arrived.
He was called Fiore by New Haven Italian-Americans, holding on to their own mother tongue in a new space.
The strong revenues start with a roaring economy and an optimistic consumer.
Like many a detective story, this one has some loose ends.
(Ms. Michaels gives you a spoiler for this puzzle in the notes below, so if you want to solve it “blind,” grab it now — it’s another good one.)
“All he has to do is get to East 57th Street, but he gets in a cab, where they proceed to take him over three bridges.” After spending his only $100 on the roundabout ride, Mr. Gignac resolved to spend the night in Central Park.
It was an extraordinary summit; rarely do owners and players meet in this manner.
Dr. Gottlieb is expected to issue an initial proposal, calling for public comment on lower nicotine levels, in the near future.
in April and is also seen as more hawkish than his predecessor.
But Kamenetz — a mother of two — says if she couldn’t do that, she’d need to be at the office.
There’s always things that I’m thinking about.
Dr. Asch said the Army was still well within Defense Department benchmarks, and nowhere near the dismal levels reached in the years after the Vietnam War, when recruiting collapsed.
Democrats, left out of the discussions that led to Mr. Trump’s order, tried on Saturday to clarify the scope of the F.B.I.
But the rapid return of Mr. Gatti and Mr. Dutoit has led some to ask whether the cult of personality that surrounds maestros in a tradition-bound field has won out, particularly in countries like Italy and Russia where the reaction to #MeToo has been relatively muted .
“Welcome to Greece, The Land of Opportunity.
He spoke about the award being a symbol that he hoped led viewers to love themselves.
Even so, at the granite and marble Capitol within sight of the snow-capped Wasatch Range, the absence of detectors that are so common elsewhere can be a bit bewildering for residents and visitors alike.
“At first I felt really calm,” he said.
Of one such occasion, she wrote in her book, “I did not scream; I was too proud to let my tormentor know what I was suffering.” Repeatedly raped by a white store owner, she gave birth to her only child, George, when she was about 23.
She added that the links included in the ads that quote from the sponsored Well & Good pieces are enough to give consumers an idea of Ritual’s financial relationship with the site.
Prince Mohammed knows that a fearful enemy is a key to his own strength.
Above, Bari Brooks of Tennessee, one of the roughly 10,000 women who took part in the study.
In the shootout, Knight had a chance to win it on the last shot of the first round, but Szabados stopped her with a pad save.
Its director, Malcolm D. Lee, suspects that some people might have expected someone closer to Dina, her “Girls Trip” character.
What can be lost is the value of good will.
The water in the caves doesn’t seem to be deep enough for decompression sickness to be much of a worry here.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
While Mr. Cosby’s name appears in the credits for each episode, he only appeared on screen in three of them, all in Season 1.
will have to work across three companies with 1.2 million employees and develop solutions to bring down costs in a multi-trillion dollar industry.
How to square these inconsistencies?
And you get a vote!” She is also accompanying Abrams knocking on voters’ doors .
Mainly, though, it is the little things that hurt, dozens of them every day.
In January, more than 131 years after the bottle was set adrift, an Australian woman walking on the beach noticed the thick, discolored glass of an old bottle poking through the sand.
She belted poppy Arab-tinged melodies answered by insistent keyboard lines, looking both sultry and menacing in a long black wig that she removed with a flourish onstage when the set ended.
“Trying to do that and the music and everything too requires a lot of coordination,” Jones said.
Just one problem: I don’t have a child, so I needed to borrow one.
It was not clear how she mistook where she lived or why she opened fire.
“And while the individual subsequently stopped the recording and was allowed to leave the precinct, I want to emphasize that the Legal Bureau has indicated that an arrest was completely appropriate in that situation,” he added.
Eventually Ata ended up in the private collection in Barcelona of Ramon Navia-Osorio, who did not immediately respond to an email query about whether he had legally obtained Ata’s remains.
Nearly 7,000 Syrians who were granted temporary permission to live and work in the United States as a civil war devoured their country will be allowed to stay for at least another 18 months, the Trump administration announced on Wednesday, in an acknowledgment that Syria continues to be rattled by conflict.
I want it done before people leave office because you have no idea who could be the next mayor and what the priorities that a new mayor will have.”
Now, the new regulation — announced on the Department of Homeland Security website — will require that immigration caseworkers consider the use of public benefits to be “heavily weighed negative factors” for those who are applying to remain legally in the country on a permanent basis.
So, for that matter, are individual genders among the eclectic, high-energy ensemble that embodies the title characters.
Bryce Benson of the Fitzgerald, and Cmdr.
Before spending half a day building a habitat for bats, you will, of course, need to find them worthy.
Though Mr. Trump willingly intervened in the primary contest, some West Wing aides believe that the fight is more about Mr. McConnell, the majority leader, than the president.
Cora is covering for Ernt for emotional, not practical, reasons.
Tlayuda, a beloved Oaxacan street snack, gets bright textural counterpoints from radicchio and chayote.
—— Here’s how Russia beat Spain: The Russian team goes crazy as a jubilant Moscow crowd cheers on their advancement to the quarterfinals.
• Best of late-night TV The comedy hosts watched Thursday’s hearing along with much of the rest of the country.
“It’s difficult to get here, and once you do, it’s sneakers, jeans, sandals and draft beer,” Margrethe Vestager, the European Union commissioner for competition, said later in a tent where she was speaking.
It is, after all, harder to bicker with video than a human.
Andrew Gillum, the 39-year-old charismatic mayor of the capital city, Tallahassee, has energized Democrats desperate to end their losing streak.
She was gone for a few minutes, and in that time Felix was observed by a bystander, who recorded a video of him alone in the back seat and gave it to the authorities.
When you break through that, you get to somebody who is carrying a lot of emotional weight.
A member of the provincial council in Farah, Dadullah Qani, said that more than 20 soldiers had been killed and that the Taliban had captured the Humvee and burned an army truck.
It is also distributed through an email newsletter and the message platform WhatsApp, which is used widely in Africa.
Huma Naz Shah and Ardevan Yaghoubi were married Sept. 6 at the Village Hall in Scarsdale, N.Y. Dan Hochvert, the mayor of Scarsdale, officiated.
It’s spreadable and can be melted for sauces or softened for frosting.
But it is unusual to see the government follow suit, as it has this time.
“Plus it has a great school district.” So the emergence of Chinese restaurants for Chinese palates isn’t surprising, especially as Flushing rents and property values soar to rival Manhattan’s .
One week after the firing, Mr. Rosenstein met with Mr. McCabe and at least four other senior Justice Department officials, in part to explain his role in the situation.
I thought I heard a Haitian accent.
Comyns ventures intrepidly into this territory.
“You’ve really now walked away from a rules-based trading system.”
I knew people would say, ‘Whoa, this is a new trend.’” The triplets have a long list of bigger designers they want to model for, including Dolce & Gabanna and Tom Ford.
Once you’ve done your shopping and chopping, the paste comes together quickly in the blender, and you’ll have enough left over to make this dish again.
Mr. Maren, who liked to chomp cigars and wear porkpie hats, was “happily patient” at fan events, even when attendees asked derogatory questions about his stature, said John Fricke, a historian of all things Oz and co-author of “100 Years of Oz: A Century of Classic Images” (1999).
In Morecambe, the problem is compounded by cuts to local children’s services.
It is unclear when the other 2,300 children will be reunited with their families.
Pick: Raiders +10.5 Falcons at Packers , 1 p.m., Fox Are the last four games of this season a tryout for Joe Philbin to be the permanent head coach of the Packers (4-7-1)?
Mr. Perrotta, a polarizing figure in the agency, is viewed among some career officials as playing to Mr. Pruitt’s ego and security fears to seize power over rivals.
I’ve written three books, including one, in 2006, about the danger of right-wing populism in its religious fundamentalist guise.
Ms. Sherer, of Weight Watchers, gave a firm “absolutely not” when I asked if the timing of the Weight Watchers announcement had anything to do with the release of the film.
“That’s something I wouldn’t have dreamed of doing, because I was always working,” she said.
Boone admitted afterward that the umpires got the call correct.
The California measure is part of a broader national strategy by the beverage industry to head off local soda taxes, which have passed in eight communities.
As they were getting on the road, the lawmakers in Tallahassee swiftly rejected an effort to debate an assault weapons ban in a party-line vote that said much about how far apart most Democrats and Republicans are when it comes to guns.
He will sign a lucrative long-term contract this summer.
“Specifically, we question whether a sufficient business case exists under which private companies will be able to develop a self-sustaining and profit-making business independent of significant federal funding within the next six years,” he said.
Mr. Pompeo also promised the crowd that he would help American diplomats regain their “swagger,” alluding to a department that had been diminished under Mr. Tillerson.
A sometimes comical, sometimes violent mascot-snatching war has been raging for generations among the Army, Navy and Air Force academies, with cadets scheming to kidnap their rivals’ animals by subterfuge or brute force and then parade them in taunting triumph before big games.
In early 2017 — months before #MeToo became a cultural phenomenon — she began a yearlong effort, “Project Sunshine,” to gather accounts by survivors of the abuse.
But the curtain nearly fell before their love story even began.
Down on Lake Shasta, there were boaters and water skiers.
Introducing him at the 2016 Republican convention, Ivanka assured the crowd that he had “empathy and generosity,” as well as “kindness and compassion.” Even then, before all the horrors that would follow, it seemed like fan fiction .
The New York Times’s former chief book critic, Michiko Kakutani, reported that nearly every night in the White House, Mr. Obama would read for an hour or so .
Now he wondered how his business and others like it could survive.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index rose 19 percent last year and is up 9 percent this year.
Why have bond yields risen fast in recent weeks, according to the article?
Citi’s loss in the fourth quarter, including the tax charge.
(President Trump’s advisers left room for him to change his mind.)
One of the best brands that fit me is JBrand.
The truck struck the tourist, Madison Jane Lyden, 23, after she swerved in its lane to avoid a livery cab that had cut her off in the northbound bike lane.
The governor’s spokeswoman has said that Mr. LePage did not choose the Trump hotel in an attempt to please the president.
In towns like Blaine, some Canadian customers live only a few blocks from the cluster of mailbox stores.
He doesn’t peddle a version of Buddhist insight for Westerners eager to utilize it for quick-acting self-help or self-actualization.
Companies that do a lot of shipping, like Amazon, often negotiate deals with the Postal Service to pay less than an ordinary person would to send goods.
“Rift settings have very high potential for geothermal,” Mr. Suemnicht said.
Mr. Khalilzad’s first stop on the trip was Pakistan, where the Taliban leadership is based and where the Trump administration is pressuring the government to deliver them to talks.
That’s the key takeaway from reports released this week by the Senate Intelligence Committee on efforts by the Russian agents to spread fake stories and discourage Americans from voting.
_____ • If the world economy is looking so great, why are global policymakers so gloomy?
It’s not pretty — it’s atonal, kind of droning and androgynous, almost bluesy.
Their joining of the Taliban’s political commission, which will bring them more freedom of movement, comes days after the insurgency’s longtime deputy, Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, was also released back to the Taliban ranks.
A recently published study of the program found that it increased perceptions of wellness and satisfaction, and increased productivity.
In January, California won a major victory, persuading a judge to block the Trump administration’s efforts to shut down a program that shields some 700,000 young undocumented immigrants from deportation.
The smoke was so thick that Zenzi Suhadi, a leading activist with the Indonesian environmental group Walhi, was unable to land at Pangkalan Bun airport the day he was supposed to arrive late that September.
The top three leaders — Ms. Pelosi, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland and Representative James E. Clyburn of South Carolina — have been in place, more or less, for 15 years.
In fact, recent Asurion research found that you’re three times more likely to get your phone back if you do this in the case of a lost phone.
You can browse them here .
Other people will decide that 100 years from now.
The group includes the men’s top seed, Roger Federer; 26th-seeded Denis Shapovalov; and four unseeded men.
The pairing made a bold graphic statement, much like a Franz Kline painting, or a penguin, or a grand piano.
I also was in D.C. on Saturday night, Aug. 7, but I was at a small gathering at Becky’s house in Rockville with Matt, Denise, Lori and Jenny.
She would drop me off at the bandstand, so she could go and have fun.
Robbins created roles for Balanchine, made works for City Ballet; collaborated with him on a couple of ballets (in the Balanchine “Nutcracker,” the battle of mice and toy soldiers was anonymously made by Robbins); and, in “Pulcinella” (1972, sharing credit this time with Balanchine) even danced with him.
“I just paused at one point in the call and said, ‘We’ve gotten pretty good at this,’” Vicki Varela, the managing director of the Utah Office of Tourism, Film and Global Branding, recalled.
The same was long true of the Catholic Church, at least until the Vatican capitulated to Beijing this week by tentatively agreeing to allow the Communist Party to nominate its bishops.
The lender said it was unable to estimate the total amount of the suspicious transactions, but its nonresident operation in the Baltic nation improbably had total flows of 200 billion euros, or $234 billion — nearly equivalent to the size of the Danish economy.
1 for a second week in a row, with the equivalent of 205,000 albums in the United States, according to Nielsen.
Besides, Uber can point out that it didn’t benefit from any potential trade secrets because autonomous vehicles are still in development.
“If you don’t have the money to buy your house or apartment, you can buy a piece of it, allowing you to build wealth,” Mr. Shaikh said.
A case of extraordinary magnitude boils down to whether a key provision is clear or ambiguous, even though we have no real idea how much ambiguity is enough to begin with, nor how to ascertain what level of ambiguity exists in a particular statute.” Mr. Bagley said he believed that Judge Kavanaugh was “making, frankly, an academic point” about how Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.’s frequent application of constitutional avoidance should be used more sparingly.
in this puzzle might do,” and the answer, according to Mr. Ross, is WIRE TAP.
All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.
We discussed it on “The Daily,” our hit podcast, which just celebrated its first birthday .
In the show, we find him working at full force in all three disciplines, and the timing couldn’t be better.
Beat said, referring to the wackadoodle themed-room hotel in San Luis Obispo, Calif.
Michael Kors Collection dress (worn underneath), $3,995, michaelkors.com .
The question for Italy, and all of Europe, is how far Italy’s government is willing to go.
And we’re actually going backward in the United States with the disastrous policies of the Trump administration.” Professor Nordhaus shared the prize with Paul M. Romer, an economist at New York University whose work has demonstrated that government policy plays a critical role in fostering technological innovation.
“We were sending démarches to the Egyptians to say, ‘Knock it off — we’re sending you hundreds of F-16s, and you don’t need that North Korean crap,’” said Mr. Sirrs, who was based in Cairo at the time and now lectures at the University of Montana.
As a result, they often lose out — and so do colleges that would benefit from their talents and diverse perspectives.
In todays society what most privileged kids see are sunshine and rainbows compared to what we will grow up to see and what people are living with right now.
And they have publicly expressed their admiration for the prime minister.
She painted and sewed,” Crystal Field, an actor and eventual co-founder of the Theater for the New City , said in an interview.
Both shows were immediate hits and made the Simpsons household names.
Buprenorphine can cost more than $500 a month, putting it out of reach for many of the uninsured.
“You’d think with what happened in Sonoma County, that other counties in California and elsewhere would review their systems and go door-to-door to get everyone subscribed, or whatever it takes.” Professor Cova said that while the authorities in California were slow to grasp the lessons learned from the Tubbs Fire or Montecito, the scope of the loss from the Camp Fire is likely to lead to drastic changes in how communities respond to disasters.
The 2007 Witch Fire , which destroyed about 1,650 structures, had nothing to do with sorcery, but it did originate in an area of San Diego County known as Witch Creek.
In remarks last month at the University of Minnesota, he addressed what he called “the contentious events in Washington of recent weeks.” He was referring to the confirmation hearings for Justice Kavanaugh.
While we have to go to court to get access to case data (a very time-consuming process), the crime labs don’t.
1 pop hit with “I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me),” a duet with George Michael from her 1986 album, “Aretha.” Her 1987 gospel album, “ One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism ,” featured performances with her sisters Carolyn and Erma, and with Mavis Staples of the Staple Singers, as well as preaching from the Rev.
Her dog is SANDY, and he is hidden somewhere in 119A, as indicated by the main clue.
He was reprimanded for improper training before the company was sent to Niger.
Another factor: Subway emergency exit gates used to have loud sirens, but they were silenced in 2014.
But I’ll admit that I’m glad I did clean my plate.
“ Tyrannosaur,” the first feature film directed by Mr. Considine, an actor, changed everything for Colman, who was cast as a physically and psychologically abused wife who forms an unlikely friendship with a violent widower.
(Mr. Hermundslie was married to Mr. Bakken’s wife’s sister.)
Her mother was the director of public affairs for Family and Children Programs at Health and Human Services in Washington.
“That’s the easiest political response.
JON PARELES Rolling Loud — which has rapidly become the most essential annual hip-hop festival — was the fire-hot center of the SoundCloud rap explosion last year.
In a separate joint declaration to the judge, the two men said they were given no warning of any management problems and no explanation when they were suddenly fired.
Once we reached the vehicle we could see that the crew commander and the driver were the only ones on board, and they were both dead.
Because the attorney general oversees decisions about which laws the Justice Department will defend and can decide which ones not to enforce, he said, Mr. Whitaker’s views were likely to have faced sharp scrutiny even from Republicans in a confirmation hearing.
My name now appears alongside those of Guillermo Vilas, Wojtek Fibak, Tracy Austin and other luminaries of late 70’s tennis.
A new study suggests the potential power of words and images to counter gender stereotypes and open up what children see as possible interests and activities for themselves.
It’s an enchantment,” he said in Spanish, my husband translating.
As a result, the famous comment by the late Tip O’Neill that “all politics is local” now seems rather quaint.
But there are those who are way worse: vain, past-their-prime actors who want to recapture their former glory.
PillPack, which started in 2013, distributes pills in easy-to-use packages designed for consumers with chronic conditions and multiple prescriptions.
“I haven’t come across anyone in Queens who thinks this is a good idea,” said Melissa Orlando, a steering committee member and executive director of Access Queens, a local group that focuses on infrastructure and transit issues.
SACRED SITES 8 p.m. on Smithsonian.
over intelligence assessments about the strength of the insurgency during the Iraq war.
“Yet nobody would say 30 to 40 percent of TV’s viewing audience doesn’t exist.
The evicted and the homeless won’t be locked out from coverage if they miss their payments.
And the third win is that it’s really good for the baby.”
It was the first time Wheeler gave up more than two earned runs since July 14.
“Music is not meant for a competition in the first place,” he said.
She had pushed the E.P.A.
But I’m also to the right of many Times readers.
When I was house hunting last year, I did use Credit Karma to stay on top of my credit score.
In an era when everything from dates to grocery delivery can be scheduled and near instant, church attendance shouldn’t be one more thing to get from an app.
Dyana Winkler and Tina Brown, the film’s producing and directing duo, construct this expansive communal portrait with patience and insight.
Here’s what you need to know: • Russian hackers have infiltrated U.S. and European water and power plants , the Trump administration said.
The headline was accurate but bloodless: “ Leading figure in modern dance .” (Cristal: leading bubbly wine of France.)
Jerry Brown has made the plan a signature effort in the waning months of his tenure, pressing state legislators to enact it.
And nobody there is making a big deal out of this — unlike the clamor the opposition is trying to drum up here.” Judge Przymusinski, the spokesman of the judges’ association, said that the resistance of the judges themselves had proved to be a challenge for the government, and he predicted increasingly punitive measures.
B., owned a grocery store.
Living in the shadow of stunning mountain ranges and dense forests helps put things in perspective and shifts the focus away from stressors, they say.
In the Philippines, stocks have declined precipitously.
“Ballet is woman,” he said — but his kind of ballet was always a man’s view of woman , and a solely heterosexual one.
The 97-to-2 vote was the culmination of a multiyear effort by Republicans and Democrats to allow state law enforcement officials to go after websites like Backpage.com that facilitate sex trafficking.
On the other hand, “it focuses you, it decreases your impulsivity, it helps your mood regulation so you’re less volatile,” and all of that may help with the struggles and frustrations of academic work and family life.
They also made plants that lack the glutamate-like receptor.
The PATH usually has about 98 percent on-time performance, but that fell into “the mid-80s” in some weeks this summer, Mr. Marino said.
He left Marvel in 1965 (Spider-Man No.
He has made a number of assertions about the migrant caravan, nearly all of them inaccurate, misleading or incomplete .
The activists used the popular WeChat messaging service to organize strikes that forced their employer to retract the new policy.
A 10-minute walk away, in a briefing room of the State Capitol, Gov.
Readers from across the country wrote to Fromson, sharing their own tales of the secret lives of used clothing.
Female choreographers, so often overlooked in 21st-century ballet, are holding their own.
And the cast — especially Ms. Patten, lately seen in “ Jagged Little Pill ,” and Mr. Nicholson, riveting in “ Paradise Blue ” — does a good job filling their shells of characters with genuine personality.
Nine others, including five soldiers, were injured.
And while many of these programs have existed for years, there are concerns about pushback as the Trump administration has shifted to a “zero tolerance” policy on illegal immigration.
And it is not clear how much damage three weeks in Washington would do to Democratic senators, who would still have long weekends to campaign.
Time and again, I come across grand rooms swathed in brocade, grilled meats that are slightly too dry, leaden breads, and fesenjan that pales in comparison.
11 seed to advance to the men’s Final Four, joining Louisiana State (1986), George Mason (2006) and Virginia Commonwealth (2011).
Super PACs, which can take money from virtually any source in any amount and spend just as freely, stand out as the most glaring example of the collapse of the post- Watergate -era model of regulation.
Over 5,000 people, many of whom are pet groomers, recently gathered in Hershey, Pa., for the world’s largest grooming industry event.
The tightly controlled Jagannath Temple, above, in Eastern India stood in contrast.
The Cowboys had waited until the sixth round of the 1962 N.F.L.
The quality of sibling relationships is one of the most important predictors of mental health in old age, according to The American Journal of Psychiatry .
Amazon did not respond to messages seeking comment.
An analysis by The New York Times found that there has been a sharp decline in the penalties imposed on companies since Mr. Trump took office.
Down the hall from Harris was Peter Wadsworth, who was 36, the resident genius, a Reed College graduate who built drones and replicas of ancient Egyptian sculptures and who one member of the collective referred to as “our Dumbledore — our wise wizard.” Farther down lived Carmen Brito, then 27, a substitute teacher, poet and ceramist, into archery, survival skills and primitive arts.
His investigation seems to be racing, our correspondent writes , but toward an as-yet-undefined goal.
All of its participants — Villanova, Kansas, Michigan and Loyola-Chicago — made it to Texas without trouble.
The night of my “incident” was, in many ways, totally surreal.
In response, Barnes & Noble’s board said in a statement that Mr. Parneros had been “terminated for sexual harassment, bullying behavior and other violations of company policies.” Until Tuesday, the company had said only that he was terminated for violating policies, without further explanation except to say they were not related to financial matters.
Librarians sometimes discourage me from telling this story.
Easy: Of the 35 senators who are up for re-election, 26 are Democrats and only nine are Republicans.
And feeding in large part off the outrage and reaction of the other side.
And the president is simply not a liberal internationalist in the mold of Harry Truman, concerned with the welfare of the free world.
Store owners who relied on the steady flow of people traveling through have gone bankrupt.
How he fits: On the rebuilding Hawks, Huerter can play immediately next to Trae Young and his flaws can be worked out as the young team learns how to play.
And no matter the language, the musical still conveys its poignant themes: the tension between tribal loyalty and the need to break free, the convulsive impact on families of romantic love, the pain of separation whether compelled by personal choices or a cruel government.
Despite several letters from Mr. Yoshimura and his predecessor objecting to the statue, it was unveiled in downtown San Francisco on Sept. 22, 2017, the first such statue in a major city in the United States.
Mr. Cohen said he had a 20-minute conversation with the Kremlin aide in January 2016, who “asked detailed questions and took notes, stating that she would follow up with others in Russia.” In a message to Mr. Cohen the next day, Mr. Sater mentioned Mr. Putin and said he had heard from someone about the project: “They called today.” Later, in May 2016, he told Mr. Cohen that a Russian official had invited the lawyer to an economic forum in St. Petersburg, where it was hoped he could meet Mr. Putin.
Like Bolin, Tea also runs away from a nowhere town (“scabby old Chelsea, Massachusetts”) to the city (first Tucson, then San Francisco), where she, too, discovers Myles’s “Chelsea Girls .
During the dark days of the “Access Hollywood” tape, as many Republican officeholders were distancing themselves from the nominee, Mr. Jordan made clear that, while he found such vulgar talk unacceptable, he nonetheless would stand by his man.
The United States economy had its strongest job gains since February, according to numbers released on Friday by the Labor Department.
Several weeks later, Deciem’s co-C.E.O.
Surveys have consistently found that independent voters are less sanguine about the economy than Republicans, and Mr. Trump’s signature economic policies, such as last year’s tax cut, poll poorly with that group.
“I’d rather endure solitude than have pretend intimacy,” she says.
Dr. James L. Madara, the chief executive of the American Medical Association, urged the administration to preserve the existing protections for transgender people.
She could make more specific proposals about common economic rules between Northern Ireland and Ireland (which already exist in areas like agriculture), though this might inflame the Democratic Unionist Party.
I contacted Women on Web and got medicine for an abortion.
And which do you avoid?
The entrance to this unit is at the side of the building, up a flight of stairs created from salvaged floor joists.
212-708-9400, moma.org WOMEN AT WORK: RADICAL CREATIVITY at BAM Rose Cinemas (Aug. 10-16).
The actress Sharon Stone gave the department a shoutout on Twitter.
That designation allows officers who have been disciplined to continue to work but gives the police commissioner the power to fire them without a trial during a yearlong probation.
Mr. Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, had angrily rejected American-led negotiations after Mr. Trump reversed decades of United States policy in December by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.
Under a 2015 European Union migrant plan, France was to have accepted 19,174 migrants from Italy and Greece.
She has also been involved with fund-raising for anti-poaching efforts and the translocation of rhinos from South Africa to Botswana.
“Martha would chop us all up for India rubber, if we were made of India rubber,” says her patron approvingly.
By keeping drivers as contractors, Uber avoids having to provide guaranteed hourly pay and benefits, and it argues the arrangement also gives the drivers more flexibility.
They analyzed the spectral data to find places where three specific wavelengths of near-infrared light were absorbed, indicating ice water.
President Trump said on Twitter on Sunday that the meeting was held to “get information on an opponent.” Bee said there were other dealings in which Trump Jr. had failed to cover his tracks, including the Trump SoHo , a luxury condominium-hotel in Lower Manhattan that struggled to attract guests and buyers.
“It seems like an all-caps note is not necessarily the way to deal with a hostile foreign leader,” Stephen Colbert said.
They bring people back to the moments that shaped them.
I’m still not sure if today’s revealer is a handy tool or an instrument of torture.
Simple description does not do Pardlo’s story justice; only his own sublime words can achieve that.
His mother, from her home in Ozone Park in Queens, never gave up.
Here’s what it means .
They want to read books that engage with their everyday experiences, featuring characters who look like them.
According to Gallup, the share of white Democrats calling themselves liberal on social issues has grown since 2001 from 39 to 61 percent.
How connected do you still feel to the Crichton film?
Dyer’s accompanying texts wear their erudition lightly.
In the late ’90s, the team behind the Apollo was given the chance to develop the Victoria, a former movie theater built in 1917.
In November 1991, her mother, Ann Rhodes, was a vice president at the University of Iowa when a physics graduate student shot and killed three department faculty members and a postdoctoral researcher and injured two administrators in another building, before killing himself.
Some 200 are in fleets and more than 4,500 have been ordered.
The convention had simply torn apart the Democratic Party.
Nov. 03 Kabul City: one American soldier killed A Utah mayor serving in Afghanistan was killed and another service member was wounded when an Afghan commando opened fire on them in Kabul.
” In the backdrop of the Shed’s impending burst onto a crowded cultural scene is the desire, or perhaps need, to attract the next generation of art connoisseurs.
This is a simple step toward a more equitable health system for all.
It’s a far cry from the plaid jumpers, skirtsuits and berets pictured above, from a 1952 article in The New York Times advertising dress patterns for sale.
Black skin as shiny as patent leather, rheumy eyes the color of spilled milk, tongue an obscenely wriggling raw jumbo hot dog, and the teeth — oh, what teeth he has.
Its bid proposes several potential sites for Amazon’s second headquarters, among them the largely abandoned docklands that include the Google-related redevelopment plan.
The precise location in Long Island City has yet to be announced, and it is not clear whether the headquarters would be a single building or several.
What do you think drives you to be a little bit of a contrarian?
Kelvin Herrera relieved to begin the eighth and gave up a solo homer to Asdrubal Cabrera.
In December , Mr. Azaria said that he found the situation “upsetting” and that there were “a lot of things to think about.” But on Tuesday, in an interview with Stephen Colbert on “The Late Show,” he offered his fullest response yet to the criticism, which started with the debut last fall of the documentary “The Problem With Apu.” The documentary’s producer, Hari Kondabolu, a comedian of South Asian descent, said in the film that Mr. Azaria’s rendition of Apu was more like “a white guy doing an impression of a white guy making fun of my father.” Mr. Azaria said he had watched the documentary and listened to others.
On the other hand, most automakers still lose money on each electric vehicle they sell.
But his attendance also seemed intended to temper Mr. Trump’s glee, and he lamented recent North American plant closures by General Motors as “a heavy blow” and sharply criticized the metal tariffs as an unnecessary drag on the economies of both countries.
Both administrations defended their president’s reprehensible behavior and lies out of loyalty to their parties, irrespective of the consequences it could have on our civic culture.
On Dec. 14, the department said in a court filing that McKinsey was fraught with “pervasive disclosure deficiencies” and should be dismissed from the Westmoreland case immediately and stripped of the fees it had earned so far.
had her presented with one of South Africa’s highest honors, the Order of Luthuli in Silver, for her “excellent contribution to the fight for the liberation of the people of South Africa,” but only since her death has the party made concerted efforts to be associated with her.
But just as certainly, suppression is not the main reason that turnout remains so low.
We lived together in a red-doored rowhouse he had built and designed himself and that I filled with my presence and my things.
Not only do you both have precocious reading habits, but you also have advanced friendship skills.
For us, it’ll be the DVR, and then binge-watching on that one free day in between New York and London.
The journalist behind the camera is still the most important part of this discussion.
It’s three suburban moms against the world in this new comedy-drama by Jenna Bans (“Desperate Housewives,” “Grey’s Anatomy”).
Dr. Welter suggested that if a girl is interested in playing football, rather than shutting down the conversation entirely, parents could discuss what drives her desire to play and consider ways to play safely.
How Much Control Do You Think You Have Over Your Fate?
What if she had not aborted their baby?
Amazon is moving forward with a high-risk adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien’s “The Lord of the Rings,” which was announced after Mr. Price left but before Ms. Salke was hired.
Они стреляли наугад, по полу текли ручьи крови, воздух наполнился пороховой гарью.
Ms. Misra especially likes the pack’s roll-top enclosure, which you can either unroll for extra space or roll down to keep your belongings dry in case of rain.
“This is about making sure that we are not consolidating power in the White House.” Mr. Curbelo, Ms. Love and the other supporters of the discharge petition belong to a group of moderate Republicans working to create a path to citizenship for young immigrants protected from deportation by an Obama-era initiative, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, that Mr. Trump moved to rescind last year .
That amount is a small fraction of what larger brands will spend on a fashion show; Nanushka is opting for a presentation, wherein the models are static and critics and potential buyers mill about, instead of a more expensive runway show.
Uber agreed to pay a reported $590 million for Otto just six months after it was founded.
“I don’t drink,” he says.
They may not be around by January 2021.
Though I love those colors, they differentiate and give an advantage to the “Trout” women more than the choreography does; individual men here register at least as memorably as any woman, but not in their attire.
This is where it becomes a personal work, in a way; I’m almost moved by that more than anything else, this stuff that is almost receding into the distance.
Dr. Mark W. Albers, a neurologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who studies the effect of scent on patients with neurodegenerative disease, said the Hebrew Home’s memory exhibit touches on fairly new territory in sensory therapy in trying to resurrect positive recollections in a small population of patients who share certain common memories.
Palestinian Arabs have repeatedly launched wars against Israel.
Witnesses, mostly police informants or former members of his church, accused him of voicing support for Kurdish separatists and serving as a link to supply weapons and support to Kurdish rebels in Syria.
Nearly everyone expects them to improve now that James is on the team.
____________________ It’s been a crazy week at the White House (isn’t it always?)
When the first Copyright Act was passed in the United States in 1790, the maximum term was 28 years.
I waited in the car — a gray Opel — while she went in to fill the script.
To the Editor: Re “ Internet Church Isn’t Really Church ” (Sunday Review, Dec. 16): Laura Turner makes the point that in-person church attendance, rather than online, is the only true way to experience the benefits of community that God intended.
3) It feeds off political divisions.
Mr. Ferro used a multiple-screen effect that has since become commonplace but was new at the time.
Inside the seafood market, a freezer for imported products, including snow crab, lay tossed on its side, the floors slick and smelly.
One neighbor preparing to pull out will wait until another gets into position to take the spot.
Partnering with Silicon Valley allowed Democrats to position themselves as pro-business and forward-thinking.
No mother, she said, should have to go through what she did.
“There were many conversations in which she shouted at me and told me I was an idiot,” he recalled.
Ms. Pelosi’s opponents have said that their objection to her bid for speaker is not rooted in discontent with her leadership of the House Democrats, but in a desire to see new faces at the top.
• Fiber’s good for you.
They should demand a repeal of the Second Amendment.
She delivered her remarks while wearing a “Time’s Up” pin on her lapel, much like the actors and actresses who began the movement during January’s Golden Globe Awards .
My favorite was the middle right-hand phrase, where “sun” ran upward in the aforementioned MENUS.
Given all the emotional turmoil in his personal life, Mr. Sinclair said it was hard this past year to keep the light tone and “not to put some of that bummer feeling on my character.” But, he said, “people didn’t want to see The Guy in pain.” To do so would both upset the central conceit of “High Maintenance,” which has always focused on the lives of the clients — not the dealer — and puncture a fantasy.
“At that time, which is now 25 or so years ago, there were more calls to complain about me to the University of Michigan, to say I should be fired, than had happened to anybody in the history of the university,” recalls Geronimus, who went on to publish in 1992 what is now considered her seminal study on weathering and black women and infants in the journal Ethnicity and Disease.
“It’s really very, very disturbing,” he said.
His organization had to halve its assistance last year, when promised donor funds did not materialize.
The wildfire raging nearby was about as bad as anyone could imagine, but our imaginations hadn’t reached November yet.
“These are not just historical traumas, they’re still fresh,” said Wesley Lowery, a national correspondent for The Washington Post and the author of “ They Can’t Kill Us All ,” a book about the birth of the #BlackLivesMatter movement that is being adapted for television by AMC.
He said the committee of Ricco, Ricciardi and Minaya — not one person — would jointly run the team and come to him for a final say on any action.
From now on I will be supporting and encouraging until the end as always.” Who will play his role?
“Whether you’re for Trump or against Trump, everyone’s exhausted.” Achieving diversity in the field is still a crucial goal, Thede said: “At the end of the day, there’s still at least three men who were born with the name James who host late-night shows.” But broadcasters also have to recognize the long-term commitments required to make these programs viable.
Once she hit her 90s she asked me if I wanted them — and I turned her down, too young to grasp that she wanted to be sure the tradition would continue.
“People always want to talk about Brexit and how you see it politically,” he said.
Months went by without unpacking his suitcases.
Tiene todo lo necesario para alimentar a su familia de cinco personas durante semanas.
Overlooked No More: Rose Zar, a Holocaust Survivor Who Hid in Plain Sight : Zar worked in the home of a Nazi commander and saved dozens of Jewish orphans, then moved to the United States and shared her life story.
“But we’re in this together.” American donors have generously backed Sinn Fein since it began fund-raising operations in the United States in 1994, and its leaders are quick to note how important donors, like organized labor and the philanthropist Chuck Feeney, are to the peace process.
He created my grandmother, one of the strongest, most-loving, smartest women I ever knew.
The proliferation of voice-activated gadgets amplifies the implications of such tricks.
“If you have the strongest economy in years, then the trade shock appears manageable,” said Gregory Daco, head of United States economics at Oxford Economics.
Adding to the problems in Britain, a storm system heading up from the south is colliding with the Siberian air mass, bringing as much as two feet of drifting snow amid blizzard conditions to the moorlands of Devon, as well as Cornwall and South Wales, before barreling toward Ireland.
The only cure for that condition is to deliver the baby.
“But is it something that can overcome the deep hole that any Democratic candidate in this state is in?” Beto’s answer to those odds is an oddball campaign.
Facebook’s entry will only be invigorating to all of us.” Joey Levin, the chief executive of IAC, also took a dig at Facebook by referring to how Russian agents had used the social network to influence voters in the 2016 presidential election.
The Maple Leafs finally took the lead with 6:35 left in the period when Marner was quickest to a loose puck in the slot and beat Rask with a backhand to the far post after Marchand could not clear.
She rehearsed a scene in which she shares this story, reading out the handwritten note he left behind.
So yes, people love playing video games — but people also love to watch others compete at them.
Trump, she writes, is “emblematic of dynamics that have been churning beneath the surface of daily life for years, creating the perfect ecosystem in which Veritas, the goddess of truth … could fall mortally ill.” Kakutani is, obviously, nothing if not well read, but the book is so full of citations and allusions it can almost feel as though the author’s own argument is getting lost, if there is an original argument to be found at all.
Mr. Giuliani said in an interview that Mr. Trump is telling the truth but that investigators “have a false version of it, we believe, so you’re trapped.” And the stakes are too high to risk being interviewed under those circumstances, he added: “That becomes not just a prosecutable offense, but an impeachable offense.” Mr. Trump’s defense is a wide-ranging interpretation of presidential power.
But using cellphone translation apps and a knowledge of English words, they begin to connect — over childhood games, a snowball fight, their mutual curiosity.
You know, when I’m sitting in a submarine seven miles down, acting and thinking and feeling like an astronaut.
What’s really amazing is that in many of the symbiotic lineages their anatomy and their behaviors have all evolved in the same direction, too.
How does the loss of sea ice affect polar bears?
Before they were separated at the southwest border, Ana Carolina Fernandes’s 5-year-old son loved playing with the yellow, impish Minion characters from the “Despicable Me” movies.
When asked if the national reckoning over sexual harassment had affected her investments through Pivotal, Ms. Gates said that it hadn’t so far, but that it had encouraged her to use her voice to encourage more women to speak out.
The brilliance of his own raid on Rome lies in the principle of selectivity he has brought to it — what is done to Rome matters as much as what Rome does to the world — and the depth of his research (his informative source notes cover 18 pages).
“I call on it to be completed expeditiously,” said the board chairman Brian Breslin, “and call on him to appoint an independent third party to promote bipartisan acceptance of the result.” Friday’s board meeting contained statements of regret by trustees, nearly all of whom had stood behind Ms. Simon just one week ago.
A ministate of sprawling military bases, pale beaches and seafood shacks, white clapboard churches and deep-red politics, this will be DeSantis Country.
He points to people who live in neighborhoods that aren’t well served by transit, or who need late-night rides.
Harvey said Callaway and Eiland vouching for him was “definitely a confidence booster.” But so was being healthy and having a normal off-season of workouts to recover lost strength.
Ms. Zapata, a former print journalist who earned a master’s degree in photojournalism and documentary photography from the London College of Communication, plans to keep the story current.
Zlotnick and his lawyer, Brian Isaac, are challenging the baseball rule as outdated.
“I want parents to know we are with them in this process,” he said.
They could have changed the world.” In Selma, after the Monarchs walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge and saw murals and artifacts that included a hooded Klan outfit, Davis and her stepfather consoled a white teammate, Carter Davis, who said he grew emotional and began expressing guilt about the historical outrages committed against blacks.
Microsoft notched $8.87 billion in earnings, beating estimates.
The terrific gift about thriller-writing today is that the books can exist as hybrids.
The story of McKinsey’s role in the episode has remained hidden from public view for 12 years.
( Australia Diary ) • Parwana Afghan Kitchen Cooks Rice Worth Swooning Over : The small storefront restaurant, run by a family that fled Afghanistan, is one of the most in-demand reservations in Adelaide.
This year, the Razorbacks are staring down a particularly bleak stretch.
Here, it addresses the hostile dangers of the world Butler created.
You will hear Mary Lou Williams, but not (at this point, anyway) Duke Ellington.
In fact, actually, Colin, you’ll like this.
“After everything she’s done, it would have been the perfect excuse and exit to say, ‘I’ve had it,’” he said Sunday.
The hike will take you along Broadway’s High Street, past imposing mansions and spectacular countryside on your way to the Broadway Tower , where you’ll have a panoramic view of up to 16 counties from the top.
I just want to show you something.
And now he has a new name: Kiki Anil.
_____ • Saudi Arabia’s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman , began a two-week visit to the U.S., seeking some $35 billion in investment.
In September 2015, the body of a 3-year-old Syrian boy washed up on the shores of the Mediterranean, drowned during his family’s attempted escape from the civil war at home.
Pasta with mint, basil and mozzarella , if it’s not.
Some people think she made up her name for the attention.
“I was pretending to be a fake, a caricature, which is something I’m not, and I was doing it out of desperation and scarcity so I could provide for my family,” she said on the phone in October.
“We still talk about American fascism as a looming threat, something that could happen if we’re not vigilant,” Michelle Goldberg writes .
To be fair, most of this is really a shameless attempt to get you shopping early and keep you hooked through the season, but there are still some bargains to be found if you look closely.
By planting large arrays of turbines on the sea bottom, developers say, they can construct large installations that are mostly out of sight of land yet within easy transmission range of large population centers like Boston and New York.
The body count is high for this kind of caper, but the mayhem is weightless.
Instead of hanging her seven oil and acrylic canvases on a wall, she turned them into a dress.
Most moved to a refugee camp just outside Jalalabad, the provincial capital, where life was harsh and jobs scarce.
There will be consequences to this absurdly early spring.
On April 30, the Pu‘u ‘O‘o crater on Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano, suddenly collapsed.
There are six different Norwegian Cruise Line ships floating around that host the restaurants Margaritaville at Sea, 5 o’Clock Somewhere Bar and LandShark® Bar & Grill.
Not even a day later, he had lost 10 million of his followers.
“Up until now we’ve been ashamed to bring people here,” said Laura Spica, a musician who lives on the street.
Michelangelo’s guide is an ingratiating poet named Mesihi who chauffeurs him to what he calls the “Santa Sophia Basilica” — today known as the Hagia Sophia — and to outdoor markets where animals are sold alongside men and to an evening concert where Michelangelo is drawn into an infatuation with an androgynous dancer whose sex he is unable to decipher.
Cesar Aguirre, 24, a community organizer from Kern County in central California, said his neighbors suffered the health effects of oil wells and refineries.
At 7:30 Friday morning in early June, the Hourglass leaders in Lancaster were all sitting around the kitchen table at Art Mann Sr.’s house, as they do every Friday.
Malmquist achieves much of this through style.
_____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
A delicate thread of continuity connects these flashes of story, each complete and perfect in and of itself but accreting meaning like nacre on a pearl.
Read the original essay .
Do students feel comfortable confiding in the adults around them?
The bus then glides down a dedicated lane with traffic signals set to green, taking you from Jackson Heights, Queens, to Bushwick, Brooklyn, in 25 minutes.
Then we took a family photo in front of a sailing-themed Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and boarded the boat, along with more than 2,500 other cruisers.
“It’s not just CNN and The New York Times that are targets anymore.
_________ Some impressively well-developed opinions came in for our Student Prompt “ What Are Your Thoughts on Sports Betting?
And yet there is an exception to the rule.
In an interview, Mr. Padilha played down the significance of the misquote attributed to Mr. da Silva, saying the phrase “doesn’t belong to anybody.” He added, “We have a show where we show that those politicians stole billions of dollars, and the problem they have is with a line?” Fábio Vasconcellos, a political scientist at the State University of Rio de Janeiro, said he did not think “The Mechanism” would have much electoral impact.
The bottom 60 percent of tax filers were responsible for 5 percent.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who was the first senator to endorse Mr. Trump and advised him during the campaign, met with the Russian ambassador at least twice in 2016.
Ms. Bloom joins the ranks of unassuming and magnanimous millionaires next door, who have died with fortunes far larger than their lifestyles ever would have suggested.
I turned around to see a young black man running at me full steam down an aisle at the back of the store.
I don’t know.” General McMaster was questioned by the chairman of the foreign affairs committee of Russian Federation Council, the country’s equivalent of the Senate, about whether the United States was ready to enter into some kind of negotiation with Russia about the use of cyberweapons.
With his low poll numbers, Republican leaders and the White House are trying to determine how to handle his desire to campaign in the midterms.
“A lot of people were supporting me, so it feels really good.” Pachulia, 34, was perhaps the most prominent.
A trade fight that eventually relaxes some of those disadvantageous conditions could bolster the long-term prospects of those firms.
For his part, Mr. Hahn , who was born and raised in Munich, has been steadily injecting the city with creative energy since 2012, when he and his friends founded Wannda, an event-organizing group.
During the renovation, they decided that she should move in with them.
HNA, in many ways, has embodied China’s global vision.
“The major question we’ve asked together of ourselves and our clients is will this affect user engagement on the platform, and we haven’t seen any of that yet,” he said.
and boards shouldn’t let C.E.O.s tweet out corporate news.
Its C.E.O., Eddie Lampert, has sold off businesses to raise cash, but critics argue that he has strip-mined the company.
Is this who and where I thought I’d be?
They must also solve tricky problems that are peculiar to their story, and for many, Morris’s choices have created a compelling and uplifting tale.
Trump even had the audacity during one of his thank you rallies to laud his voter suppression efforts and thank black voters for not voting: “They didn’t come out to vote for Hillary.
A 140-member North Korean pop orchestra will stage rare performances in South Korea during the Winter Olympics next month, the two Koreas agreed on Monday.
The problem for America is that men pretending to be strongmen will always yield to stronger men.
During the five-month transition period since his July election, Mr. López Obrador has bumped up against reality on several of his signature promises.
Within 30 minutes of scrolling through Instagram, I found nine photos containing these monuments, all in the same arrangement relative to one another, all seemingly photographed from the same spot.
Rafael Gómez Borraz, the owner of Pao’s Restaurant, distributed plates of rice and beans.
As one of his accusers recalls in the piece, Mr. Schneiderman “would almost always drink two bottles of wine in a night, then bring a bottle of Scotch into the bedroom.
Alternative products from brands like The Diva Cup, Lola and Thinx have reshaped the way periods are approached by businesses and consumers.
According to a 2018 comprehensive evaluation of e-cigarettes by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine , the products are particularly challenging to study because mechanisms and content vary widely.
A government-controlled economy that led to decades of stagnation seemed to clinch his conversion.
They were overwhelmed with hundreds of pleas a week, written on behalf of migrant parents and children searching desperately for one another.
His fondest memories were of late-night screenings of horror movies on opening weekend.
“We don’t watch TV,” she said.
And I heard the Velvet Underground.
You never get to switch off.
“I boarded up my chicken coop and boarded up my house and prepared for the oncoming, next disaster,” said Stefani Hinkle, a farmer and performer who lives near a major fissure in the volcanic eruption.
Beginning in the 1970s, though, much of her focus was on monochromatic painting.
You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.
This would give the bosses the right to appoint a replacement nominee.
In the end, though, as Lazar’s narrator seems to understand, stories are small comfort in a world that contains an Angola: “You can spend your life here for being present during a crime, even if you didn’t commit it yourself.
In the last year my young daughters have asked, “Did you know Trump grabs people’s private parts?” and “Did someone shoot Ariana Grande?” and “What is porn?” and “How far away is North Korea?” The year we just said farewell to was a bad one, whose passing certainly warrants four new picture books where love and fear meet in troubled times.
What if the chef is facing sexual assault charges?
Their offense is run by Kristi Toliver, who is no stranger to big shots in big moments herself, dating to her game-winning shot for Maryland over Duke in the 2006 N.C.A.A.
“Lee side” may make solvers think about nautical terms, where the lee side is the side of a vessel that is sheltered from the wind.
The feeling is palpable.” Imagine, for example, that you heard the killer in a mass shooting had been able to purchase a gun illegally, because of a failure in the background-check system.
If there is a serious blue wave, it won’t stop at federal campaigns.” A blue wave, however, will have to rise above a Republican breakwater.
Before joining the parade, Mr. Cuomo unveiled a new monument along the Hudson River honoring the victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando in 2016, a project he had commissioned by executive order.
But Walt Disney’s deal for much of 21st Century Fox late last year has sparked much strategic rethinking across the industry.
“The U.S. wants to break up Cambodia and destroy our country,” said Phay Siphan, a government spokesman.
“The longest I’ve ever been in D.C. was in 1976 when I was a patrol boy.” And that, he said, was when he was in the sixth grade.
The birds looked calm and some fluttered around in a three-second video clip that the authorities posted on Twitter.
You turned 60 in March.
“This is still our baby.”
They are united here, at the Winter Games, at the bottom ranks of a sport considered among the most dangerous and daring, flopping belly first on a heavy sled and rocketing headfirst down a twisting and swirling ice track at 80 miles an hour.
The project has suffered from repeated changes in direction that have hurt morale and led to hundreds of departures from its peak of more than 1,000 members two years ago, five former Apple employees said.
After hours of discussion, European leaders issued a relatively tough statement effectively blaming Moscow for the nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy, Sergei V. Skripal, and his daughter, Yulia, on British soil.
Peat was primarily an enforcer, a player designated to drop his gloves and square off in fist-to-fist combat with an opponent.
She would probably own more Olympic medals today, if not for the United States’ boycott of the Moscow Olympics in 1980.
But deGrom knew that the way starting pitchers were judged in today’s game, from wins to innings, had changed.
Further down the ballot, Democrats are hoping for a breakthrough in the right-leaning 12th Congressional District — winding from the affluent Columbus suburbs to the Appalachian county of Muskingum — which has not elected a Democrat since 1980.
Dr. Yolanda Pierce, a professor and dean of the Howard University School of Divinity.
They can also opt for Henry Abbott Technical High School , in Danbury, or the Ellis Clark Regional Agriscience and Technology Program at Nonnewaug High School , in Woodbury.
While the safety board’s preliminary report did not determine fault, it pointed to instances where Uber’s testing system failed to prevent the crash.
“How can I keep my career here?
There was no such outcry later in the day on Saturday when Bakary Gassama, the Gambian referee in the game between Peru and Denmark, changed his mind with help from the V.A.R.
A day later on Long Island, the cruel symmetry of tragedy was still too much for family, friends and officials to comprehend.
Requiring at least two successful clinical trials for any drug — as the government did until recently — would be a great start; it would sharply reduce the odds of false positives (drugs that show benefit but only by pure chance).
• Here’s a readers’ favorites list of our strangest stories about animals last year: rare white giraffes, criminal donkeys and chilly elephants.
Zillow arrives at its figure by combining publicly available data about nearby homes that sold recently with your home’s features, like the number of bedrooms.
His kimchi bouillabaisse is based on a South Korean fish stew, and his Korean beef bourguignon is similar to the long, slow French braise.
Making the Most of a Tiny Kitchen on a Tiny Budget Even if you have no room to expand, there are ways to make your kitchen feel bigger.
After the order is placed, a driverless vehicle will deliver the groceries curbside.
Would it be egregious to identify the property where the tree lies and offer its owner removal at our expense, or should we leave nature as it is?
“It’s no good spending a lot of money when it turns out that’s not going to help you.
They had learned the street slang for the drugs; they understood how to navigate some of the legal dilemmas of treatment and relapse.
They can either scroll through the articles to find the most recent Op-Eds, or they can plug in a search term below where it says “contributors” and change the way the results are sorted to “newest.” Once they find a piece that interests them, they can identify what argument the writer is making and then decide if they agree or disagree.
Carla Hall, the vivacious television celebrity and restaurateur, covers all bases in her latest book, showcasing Southern-inflected recipes pegged for “everyday” or “celebration” with plenty of overlap.
Every important file should have three copies.
We are proud that psychologists are at the forefront of those calling for reassessment of earlier research.
Now, I cannot conceive of myself as aloof and separated.” A fleeting feeling.
But Mr. Strickland, who was a close ally of the Obama administration, said he was unsure how Mr. Biden would fare in a rowdy Democratic field.
Gorman quickly lost sight of Merritt ahead of her.
It ended so well.’ It really didn’t.”
It would be the first state to do so .
“I thought, well, I’ll try this for a while, and at a certain time in life, I’ll probably look up at the screen and say, ‘Nuh-uh,’” Mr. Eastwood said.
What you find — and this is very similar to the military — is when your adrenaline is heightened for more than 10 to 12 hours, as ours was for those two days, you get massive exhaustion afterwards.
After trading for Giancarlo Stanton, the Yankees will do what they do best: command your attention and make you pick a side — love ’em or hate ’em.
Mr. Simon, after all these years, wanted listeners to remember that they, too, might well have to go it alone.
The Manhattan district attorney’s office, through a spokesman, declined to comment on Thursday on whether investigators were looking into the woman’s claims.
To the Editor: “The Prison ‘Old-Timers’ Who Gave Me Life,” by Darnell Epps (Sunday Review, Oct. 7), showcases just one example of something we see every day in our work with elders returning home from prison: the wisdom, compassion and restorative power of older people who have transformed their lives after decades behind bars.
“If I paid attention to what the press said, I’d go nuts,” he said.
With the coin, he also gifted us stories and information about our family, and origins.
But for almost three years, she had belonged to the “working homeless,” a now-necessary phrase in today’s low-wage/high-rent society.
tournaments and returned to the sport after multiple bouts with leukemia.
Such a neighbor will be primed for confrontation, “and that is not in their best interests.” The seller, or the real estate broker, should explain to the neighbor that his attitude is self-defeating.
Kellie Jones, a Columbia University art historian who will be a senior consultant on this project, calls the Saar acquisition a strong start: “Saar is one of the major African-American artists in the region, somebody whom artists like John Outterbridge and David Hammons look up to.
During my research for a civil-rights history of Birmingham, Ala., a coveted source was proving elusive: the Rev.
“I believe it was a temporary factor in the industry in impacting U.S. sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles,” said Mr. Dionisio, the Aegis Capital analyst.
Please fill out the form inside the article.
A bear’s most sensitive body part is its nose, and their owners inserted metal rings through them so they could force the bears to dance with little tugs, torturing them physically while breaking their will by giving them alcohol to drink.
It’s called auditory masking.” Dr. Dedhia described its effects as a sound bubble, “a force field of sound such that a noise has to be much stronger to break through.” Dr. Dedhia has deployed Marpac Dohms in the bedrooms at Canyon Ranch, and also in his home, because the pool there draws an army of bullfrogs after dark.
“I walk a bit like a farmer, not a queen, and I’m not a very good physical impersonator,” Colman said.
His wife, Kelly, became caretaker to her husband along with their two young children.
recently adopted a policy in which players would be allowed to remain in the locker room during the anthem but would be required to stand if they were on the field.
Why sit at a table?
But, in fact, it’s evolved multiple times independently.
A well-known American rabbi, Shmuley Boteach, took out a full-page ad in The Washington Post calling her a bigot, and an Israeli rights group filed a lawsuit against two New Zealanders who wrote one of many open letters urging Lorde to cancel the show.
and Justice Department officials over how to proceed in the investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
You can join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook .
Dozens of cases similar to Mr. Johnson’s are still under review.
In the months since the movement began, teachers have walked out in deep-red states and purple states; in states with booming economies and ones that are struggling; in states where school funding scrapes the bottom, and others where the numbers are closer to the national average.
Mr. Turnbull quit Parliament after being ousted from the leadership in a Liberal Party back-room coup in August.
Additionally, the critics noted, the United States should adhere to international conventions that prohibit governments from returning refugees to places where they face a threat to their life or freedom.
While none of these decades-old structural problems have been addressed, Mr. Modi’s Hindu nationalist government has exacerbated the crises of higher education.
And Enterprise, which owns two other rental car brands, Alamo and National , said it would stop offering a special discount for N.R.A.
But in a tense game in the second round against Argentina, Mexico tied the South American powerhouse over 90 minutes only to lose in extra time.
The Broward County elections office, particularly its top official, was heavily scrutinized and the subject of withering attacks for its performance on Election Day in November and in the recount that followed.
“That’s our intention,” he said.
The tower was to include a lush retail mall, a high-end hotel and the pricey apartments, at a prime location in the city.
When a reporter asked him if he thought that the American intelligence community was “spying on Trump during the transition,” Nunes replied, “I guess it all depends on one’s definition of spying.” He added: “Clearly it bothers me enough.
“I used to live right there, on the third floor in this building,” he said.
(Customers find that the fabric wears off within days, revealing the rubber sole beneath.)
The California Sunday Magazine is more serious, often breaking news, and using high-quality photos and graphics.
The way the Parks put Korean culture in the foreground recalls the early days of the Four Seasons, which moved beyond European models of formal dining by hiring an American architect and American industrial designers to go along with the American ingredients and even American wines.
It will be very tempting to wear this as a badge of honor to reap the rewards of social media attention and campaign donations.
When the A train is pulling into Hoyt-Schermerhorn and I’m cursing because I knew my balance was low and didn’t refill my card the night before, that extra prefilled card keeps me from a 20 minute wait or Uber fare.” — Ella Ayscue, 32, Boerum Hill, Brooklyn “The Columbus Circle platform is stuffy at best and stifling when it’s really hot and humid.
Some of the artists were planning an exhibition to show the removed work, Ms. Worth said.
In her opening statement for the reopened Kavanaugh hearing, Dr. Blasey described herself as “terrified.” All of this reinforces what their years of silence indicate, that the “law enforcement” branch of patriarchy is alive and well.
Of course, a more conservative approach would reduce the chance that Tesla will face cash shortages.
“No one wants to help the adult drug addict because the thought is they did this to themselves.” ____ Ms. Whitefield, a talkative young woman with brooding eyes, goes by the nickname Shae.
The technicians quickly gave him some glucose.
One section, Frame, focuses on newer galleries.
On June 23, the couple will take part in a second ceremony at the Villa Mosconi Bertani in Verona, Italy.
He preferred to hunker down in Amazon’s hometown, Seattle, at least partly because he thought it was better for Amazon’s growing business, largely avoiding public causes and the black-tie circuit.
But last month when Dr. Blasey publicly accused him of sexually assaulting her, his nomination suddenly seemed on the verge of falling apart.
Mr. Benepe, now the director of city park development at the Trust for Public Land, said he could not remember another instance of parkland being repurposed for mostly private use.
Mr. Pillsbury, the author of “The Hundred-Year Marathon: China’s Secret Strategy to Replace America as the Global Superpower,” said there was a divide in the Chinese political establishment that mirrored the split in the United States between “globalists,” who favor trade and a rules-based international order, and “nationalists,” who argue that those things are sapping American strength.
He graduated from the University of Rochester and received a doctoral degree in optical sciences from the University of Arizona.
She was a founder of the Georgetown Scholarship Program, which supports first-generation students.
“In the beginning, people coming in would ask for ‘the guy’ and assume the girl behind the desk was a receptionist,” Ms. Borgia said in an interview.
He also was an assistant on the United States team that won gold at the 2017 world junior championships, and was George Gwozdecky’s top lieutenant when the University of Denver won consecutive national championships in 2004 and 2005.
Federer’s likely quarterfinal opponent would be sixth-seeded Novak Djokovic, who backed up his Wimbledon title by beating Federer to win the Western & Southern Open on Sunday.
sprain — the same injury Curry is now dealing with.
Three will stay with the team, the fans and the club for some time; two will haunt Karius for longer still.
“I won’t say that Trump deserves all the credit for that, but it is true that the economy just really picked up,” said Mr. Moran, who described himself as a political moderate who leans Republican but voted for neither Mr. Trump nor his opponent Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Still, a yellow for Vertonghen.
Read More Ashli Adele Barnes and Joseph Vincent Jaroscak were married Nov. 10 at Sycamore Hill Missionary Baptist Church in Greenville, N.C.
The tiny scratches could accumulate and ultimately blind him.
Lucky money, let’s go: red envelopes for all .
” Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook , Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram .
“But this is about bringing people together, not pulling them apart.” Ms. Norton, 35, who will preside over the mass on Wednesday, explained what to expect.
More than 100,000 applications were submitted for 394 units, said Gale D. Kaufman, of Duvernay + Brooks, one of the developers.
Dr. Levermann’s team concluded that river floods alone would result in global economic losses of approximately 17 percent worldwide in the next 20 years.
Then deadly wildfires raged nearby, forcing some players, coaches and staff out of their homes.
Thanks in part to European Union development funds, many of Budapest’s once-rundown parks, sidewalks and squares have been spruced up in recent years.
It is bitter, bracing and invigorating to wear.
It is not easy to summarize Kimhi’s book.
We ran from the inlet a few miles, then back, then back again, looking for action.
But like a fashion world Zelig, Mr.
We’ll talk again soon, Bret.
An uncomfortable murmur arose from the audience at the Sydney Writers’ Festival, according to attendees.
President Trump’s signature phrase, Beijing’s turnaround on tech and a soccer star shatters barriers.
Has anyone considered that letting other people define how you fill your day and what they fill your head with — a passive, postmodern stream of other people’s thoughts — is the fragility?
The answer from Texas was a resounding no.
It is a pitot tube, not a pilot tube.
He customizes fast cars — full-size and remote control — and cooks.
Jeff Colyer, who succeeded Sam Brownback, and a handful of other Republicans in a contest that had been highly competitive.
When assured that it did, I promised to take it.
The highest-ranked football card is a Joe Namath Topps card from 1965.
It was during one of those illegal trips that they met an 11-year-old Jewish girl, Liliana Adler, whom they hid in their two-bedroom apartment at her father’s urging.
Mr. Roslyakov’s body was found with a gunshot wound in a room at the college, Russia’s Investigative Committee said in a statement, bringing the overall toll to 20 dead.
Ms. Klein recalled that in the immediate postwar period, the United States had plenty of artists who made pun-filled, laughter-inducing art, such as the Chicago Imagists, a group of artists in the 1960s whose Surrealist-inspired work made use of word plays and puns.
( Several rank higher. )
We should take the “A.I.
But that is a situation that Mr. Trump has put himself in, and from which he could extricate himself.
The payload is a cherry-red car made by Tesla, another of Mr. Musk’s ventures.
When he resigned, Labor had a one-vote majority in a coalition with the Socialist Left Party.
Today, group labels matter a lot.
He is said to enjoy a good parade — “I’ve always been a parade-ophile,” he allowed — and recently demonstrated his levity to a reporter by pledging to squeeze himself down a children’s slide at a Canton playground after a speech to ironworkers.
They will almost certainly not face the Rays’ ace, Blake Snell, who improved to 21-5 on Sunday.
“He’s made of kryptonite, I guess.” But, she added, “I am pleased that I will be glued at the hip to him until we both die — could be a lot worse things.” In recent weeks, as other musicians like Paul Simon and Ozzy Osbourne have announced their farewell tours, Ms. Baez has been thinking about growing older.
As the author and technologist David S. Bennahum observed in the late 1990s, Dungeons & Dragons was “an example of how a subculture built by kids would work its way upward into the cultural mainstream.” “Dungeons & Dragons Art & Arcana” will mostly appeal to those who have similarly fond memories or who want a nostalgic blast from the past — even if the past was last night.
The Federalist Society claims to value the so-called strict construction of the Constitution, but this supposedly neutral mode of constitutional interpretation lines up suspiciously well with Republican policy preferences — say, gutting laws that protect voting rights, or opening the floodgates to unlimited political spending, or undermining women’s reproductive freedom, or destroying public-sector labor unions’ ability to stand up for the interests of workers.
base and its American advisers there.
If Ms. Karna’s crash had happened just one year later, the highway division’s Inspector D’Ulisse acknowledged, perhaps the crash investigation squad would have responded to the crash.
The fashion assistant Sutton (Meghann Fahy) reckons with her mother’s alcoholism.
Late in 2014, Charles and Jared, in partnership with the KABR Group, bought the 2-acre site for what is now called 1 Journal Square, two towers sitting above a 10-story base, near the entrance to the PATH station.
All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.
“When a defendant maintains his innocence and insists on testing the prosecution on its burden of proof,” Mr. Waxman said, “the Constitution prohibits a trial court from permitting the defendant’s own lawyer, over the defendant’s objection, to tell the jury that he is guilty.” But Elizabeth Murrill, Louisiana’s solicitor general, said lawyers should be able to ignore their client’s wishes in some cases.
Some officials have estimated it would cost as little as $6.4 million to enable New Yorkers to vote across a stretch of days instead of solely on Election Day, Nov. 6 this year.
She was trying to turn the ordeal into a learning experience, she said.
“It makes it a lot faster response for our crew,” he said.
And so it was as if in thrall to a tyrannical tyke that the fashion flock obediently followed the Marni designer Francesco Risso down a ramp leading to the bowels of a landmark 1950s Brutalist structure, the Torre Velasca, to see his spring 2019 collection.
Warren Buffett has called the U.S. health care system “a hungry tapeworm on the American economy” because of its ever-growing costs.
Held at Ice Palace Studios in Miami, it features exhibits from more than 125 galleries and organizations, and among those appearing for the first time is the Housing gallery from New York.
After the jurors declared they had reached an impasse, the judge declared a mistrial on seven bank fraud counts and three counts of failure to disclose foreign bank accounts.
The documentarian Colin Day looks at an art collector’s efforts to save a Banksy work from demolition and the auction block and interviews street artists who bemoan the art world’s commercialization of graffiti.
The Toronto school board relaxed its restrictions a bit last month, allowing students to travel to the United States for competitions.
“When we imagine a future with thousands of devices like this, this is going to become essential,” Mr. Limp said.
“They said this territory is theirs and I told them, ‘I am 80-year-old man and I have been a citizen for Georgia for 80 years, and now I have to become a citizen of Russia?’” Georgians and Russians in the region once had good relationships, celebrating holidays together and having mixed families.
She looks terrific now, and is getting roles that don’t require her to fall down in mud puddles.” Mr. Reed knows firsthand the mercilessness of the camera, and the critics.
More than two dozen other Oaxacan players who speak indigenous languages like Zapotec and Mixtec travel to the pasajuegos (games) every week from Southern and Northern California cities, and each makes the journey to the San Fernando Valley for many of the same reasons.
The divergence between economic growth and subjective satisfaction began decades ago.
He takes to the work eagerly, and Mr. Haigh digs into this chapter nicely, catching the light filtering through the stables and adding the textured details that turn movies into lived-in places.
— the K.G.B.’s successor — to open Starostin’s files.
The observatory issued a statement on Tuesday from Henry Yang, chairman of its board of governors and chancellor of the University of California, Santa Barbara, thanking the telescope’s supporters.
Long Island City is home to the country’s largest public housing project.
General relativity and quantum theory both govern their respective domains perfectly.
On today’s episode: Annie Correal , who covers New York City for The New York Times Caitlin Dickerson , an immigration reporter at The Times.
I don’t have money to pay.
Under those circumstances, we would detain the parent in an appropriate secure detention facility separate from the child.
We probably weren’t missing much, though, since the writing and direction had been (and would continue to be) slack and scattershot.
We know that he was not armed at the time he was shot down, that he posed no immediate threat to anyone, and that, significantly, the driver of the vehicle he occupied was released from police custody.” On Wednesday evening, dozens of people gathered outside the East Pittsburgh Police Department to protest the black teenager’s death.
His mother, Lanai Carter, keeps a baby monitor in his room, listening for sounds of a seizure.
“I don’t think anyone did.
Food safety experts told me that food poisoning victims are prone to what epidemiologists call “recall bias.” A person who gets a violent stomach bug will naturally attribute it to the last thing he or she ate, especially if it came from a restaurant with a history of food-safety issues.
“Prices have continued to rise for many years,” although buyers are now negotiating more aggressively, said Carmella Peters Romero, an owner and broker at Peters & Romero Bienes Raices, a real estate agency in Mexico City.
“She is the last person who should have been in a car.” Ms. Brun’s lawyer, David Jacobs, told the judge that she was not a flight risk and asked that she be released on her own recognizance and confined to her home.
In 2012, Medtronic, considered the world’s leading medical-device maker, bought China Kanghui Holdings, a major provider of orthopedic devices in China.
She seems to have simply reached for the most readily available visual clichés about Africa (which are still enthusiastically welcomed in the photography world).
But a 71-year-old Frenchman with a taste for adventure has found a new way to conquer the Atlantic Ocean: in a barrel.
So far this cycle he’s ponied up $4.9 million.
It has about 75,000 employees and says it does business in more than 160 countries.
At a moment when democratic systems around the world are under increasing pressure, Mr. Erdogan, who was re-elected in June , is among those leaders, like Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Viktor Orban of Hungary, who are using the levers of democracy to vastly expand their authority.
But it’s steady bedlam, and it’s just getting worse.
If you do get stuck, your car’s manual will show the “tow points,” where a rope or strap can be safely attached to your vehicle.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, 33, Saudi Arabia’s de facto ruler, has somewhat loosened social strictures in the absolute monarchy, but critics say he has offered little more than an iron fist in a velvet glove.
I asked her, ‘Did you know that the phone used to be attached to the wall?’ She had no idea.
But few expect that the two days of meetings between Lt. Gen. Kyaw Swe, Myanmar’s home minister, and Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal, his Bangladeshi counterpart, will elicit much action.
I’d also love to connect on social media; you can follow me on Twitter or Instagram .
Under international pressure to better manage its peatlands, the Indonesian government has taken some steps, including a very basic one: trying to accurately determine where the peat is.
A vast majority of the investment in drug development comes from private industry, not the government.” The politics of drug prices cross party lines.
“If you look at the laboratory results, you don’t see much of difference between 100 and 50,” said the senior author, Dr. Darrell S. Rigel, a professor of dermatology at New York University.
“The most important thing is, there are options,” Dr. Rohan said.
It has been open season on journalists and critics of Pakistan’s military for years now.
Whoever owns the wealth, he said, “We need to improve both physical and social provisioning systems.” At the same time, global income inequality is an issue, he added wryly.
At the same time, he warned his fellow Republicans that they would have to make compromises themselves to reach a deal.
Yes, you were born in Portland, Ore., someone might well have asked Martin Wong, but, really — and this part is asked more as a threat or imprecation than out of inquisitiveness — tell the truth.
Dexter Gordon, the lusty virtuoso of bebop saxophone probably best known now for his Oscar-nominated, starring performance in the movie “Round Midnight,” embodied no fewer than four jazz clichés.
Rather, think of it as a signal about the willingness of the president to ignore his most sober-minded advisers and put the global economy at risk to achieve his goal of better terms for American trade.
• A discussion and screening of “ A Footnote in Ballet History ,” a film about Egypt’s prima ballerina Magda Saleh , at the 14th Street Y in the East Village.
“Whilst Mr. Dutoit continues to seek legal counsel to defend himself, the protracted uncertainty and media reporting makes Mr. Dutoit’s position with the orchestra untenable,” the orchestra said in the statement.
Figure out yourself what to do with them.’” In putting together a multifaceted lobbying campaign about the report, the oligarchs have collectively caused the very problem they had hoped to avoid — government scrutiny.
On a route like this, which involves long distances and rolling landscape on some unpaved roads, a gravel grinder can really shine.
If you’re a big corporation, you are taking sides in politics.
Transparency in government is the lifeblood of a democracy, after all — the bulwark against abuses of power by public officials.
I’ve been taking lessons for a couple of years.
Besides a doctor, the team could include a geriatric care manager to arrange for care and other services, an elder-law attorney and a certified financial planner.
He’s there, but do we care?
But Nikole and I were both impressed.
The young Han Solo will make his debut at the Cannes Film Festival in May.
What do you do yourself?
China is often a bad actor in the international economy.
That surge in opposition was guided by activism from parents and support from the state’s teachers union, and it coincided with Gov.
He eventually called the company Patagonia, a homage to the vast mountainous region at the southern tip of South America, where he had recently traveled.
“Our community is just in panic,” Deloris Johnson, who sits on the county’s ambulance board, said in an interview in June.
That’s up for debate, quite literally.
After the Cambridge Analytica story broke, Mr. Zuckerberg seemed noticeably anxious in his lone televised interview, clearly aware that the issue was far more serious than Facebook’s prior controversies.
Despite this, my parents rely on a small, insular, Korean-speaking immigrant community in nearly every aspect of their lives.
After days of legal wrangling, Dr. Blasey and Judge Kavanaugh are both expected to testify on Thursday .
Mr. Fink called Yasir Al-Rumayyan, the chief executive of the Saudi Public Investment Fund and Uber board member, and encouraged him to delay the conference, according to people familiar with the conversation.
In the years after the American-led invasion, cheaply printed and brazenly pirated books from Pakistan were as dominant as that country’s fruits and vegetables in the markets of Kabul.
The reasoning: a) It was something only uneducated people did, and b) the two negatives canceled each other out.
William G. O’Fallon Brentwood, Tenn.
But there are caveats, including the above passage, in the rules about tweets that are deemed in the legitimate public interest.
This holds true for Guillermo del Toro’s “The Shape of Water,” about the romance between Elisa, a mute janitor (Sally Hawkins), and a mysterious amphibian creature in Cold War America.
“It is a slowdown and it is making investors nervous, and it could possibly slow down further,” said Stephen Gallagher, director of research at Société Générale in New York.
A 2017 analysis of 44 different papers on the subject found that, on average, the policy helped save 0.34 percent of electricity use.
I also love the imagery of the book’s setting, this tropical port town in Colombia.
Caveat emptor — let the buyer beware — may well rule the trading of complex securities.
Throughout the movie, Mr. Hoback looks for a smoking gun — a revelation that will explain pollution not only in West Virginia, but also in Flint, Mich. and elsewhere — and seems to think he finds one.
June 6, 2014 , in The New York Times.
Back then, summer bike rides meant closing his mouth to cruise through thick clouds of insects, but inevitably he swallowed some anyway.
Other big brands, she said, including Chantelle, Natori and Wacoal, also seem behind the times, but are still doing well.
She gave men a way of opting out of society while still remaining in it.
It’s impressive that Alami can put all this across — romance, suspense and, in the moving final act, a kind of tragedy — and maintain the movie’s nimbleness.
And could it be done without the drugs being stolen or misused?
They easily could have lost Game 1 and Game 3 to the undermanned Cavaliers in these finals, too, but history tends to gloss over those sorts of details as time passes.
There’s quite a lot more at the bottom of my wardrobe.
“That does lend itself to heightened narratives.” For some transgender writers, the labeling of books, by genre or otherwise, is as problematic as the typing of people.
There’s a raft of social science research that shows our memories are profoundly altered by pictures.
College-educated white men were also essential to putting him over the top.
He also said he felt that he “did not feel sexually harassed,” but did Katy Perry know that he wouldn’t when she planted that physical manifestation of romantic intimacy on an individual almost 15 years younger than her?
He was locked up and blindfolded, and he can’t remember much.
Some forecasters spoke of a potential “ bomb cyclone ” off the New England coast — essentially, a storm that could feel like a winter hurricane.
And he is working for a famously mercurial boss whose 2016 campaign had three shake-ups over six months.
She also organized a variety of other ensembles, including the New Manhattan Brothers, dedicated to the repertoire of a famous vocal group that disbanded in the 1950s.
According to an internal analysis, which was first reported by The Hill , the costs of these changes to the companies regulated by the bureau could reach $300 million.
It’s really unusual for women working together to have this.
[To understand why President Trump might cave to China in trade talks, look to Iowa soybean farmers .]
But he was clear about seeking channels for American support.
“Three ambulances came, but they weren’t able to save him.” With Roy Medvedev , the physicist Andrei D. Sakharov , the author Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn and others, Dr. Medvedev was a central figure in the seething intellectual dissidence that exposed, largely through underground literature known as samizdat , the repression of ideas, science and human rights in the Soviet Union.
Who, after all, could argue with a program that calls for better signals and new rail cars so that the train traffic moves faster?
It was just a hot duck.
Six stories up, on a 28-inch-wide plank, they transferred the outline of his 12-foot face, using handmade stencils and bags of charcoal dust.
“They are really wonderful people from around the world,” said Lee Bollinger, the university’s president.
“You’re looking north at everything, at the entire city,” she said.
But attitudes about marijuana have been rapidly changing in recent years, with former stalwart opponents to legalization like John A. Boehner, the speaker of the House from 2011 to 2015, announcing on Twitter “my thinking on cannabis has evolved.
“I don’t think we’ve had time to take in all the implications.” A new set of spaces would now become the focus, she said.
“‘I’ll hit up there inside 10 feet, I’ll make par and that should free you up to be a little more aggressive and make birdie.’” Woods did his part; he hit his third shot to eight feet.
Among them were the former Pink Floyd frontman Roger Waters, the singer Peter Gabriel, and the actors Viggo Mortensen and Mark Ruffalo.
But economic growth has remained weak since the 2011 uprising, and a collapse in the dinar has pushed up the cost of imports.
Boston lost at home against a terrible Knicks team.
Their intent was to estimate what that rate would have been if it could have fallen below zero.
How to ease the resentment?
Mr. Trump campaigned on promises to dramatically restrict immigration, and Mr.
He graduated from Syracuse University.
And realizes that they are stuck.
But under questioning by Mr. Gitner, who represents one of the executives charged in the case, Peter Galbraith Kelly Jr., Mr. Howe seemed to admit to lies that the government had not been aware of.
This month, separatist lawmakers elected a new Catalan president committed to forming an independent republic in the prosperous northeastern region, where support for Mr. Rajoy’s Popular Party, known as the PP, has cratered after months of political standoff.
I don’t think history is a blueprint.
Sales are solid this year, Mr. Gatanas said.
The point is, when you make conscious decisions about how you’ll respond to infuriating injustices, you’re better able to see that anger is only one of the many emotions you experience on the job.
We had almost 7.5 inches of rain in July, about 3 inches above normal, according to Mr. Ciemnecki.
(I still have paid help every day, but she fills the gaps.)
“I said, ‘Lizzy, I’m working,’” Ms. Knop said in a phone interview.
He said Republicans had “pushed the pause button until the president, from whom we will need a signature, and Senate Democrats, from whom we will need votes, reach an agreement.” Mr. Schumer, for his part, said the shutdown had occurred “because of one person and one person alone — President Trump.
“The epithet American-Jewish writer has no meaning for me,” he said.
Now, the period is often ignored or misrepresented in school curricula.
Keeping that in mind, here are a few of our takeaways from this weekend’s session in San Diego.
The recently announced plan calls for the portion of Silver Bow that flows through Slag Canyon — whose walls are made of mine waste — to be rerouted into a new channel away from the waste’s toxic soils.
He’s after an elusive essence.
وأردف قائلا: “أعتقد أن السعوديين يعرفون ما يمكنهم أن يفعلوه في اليمن دون أن يتعرضوا للمحاسبة، وأن هامش التسامح الغربي تجاه السلوك السيء هامش واسع جدا.
The best known of these are ancient Greek accounts of the Amazons, fierce warrior women who fought in the Trojan War and figure in the chronicles of many Greek historians and poets.
To be honest, I don’t think my friend’s mom will watch this coming-of-age gay romance.
But in his speech, Mr. Xi affirmed the party’s dual approach: supporting the state sector while encouraging private entrepreneurs.
“They’ve tended to rise to difficult occasions.
Now it’s time to plan the wedding — hopefully, with as little stress as possible — from engagement ring to thank you notes.
Surely this is a far cry from the parent who, as recounted on a blog , asked that a teacher blow on her daughter’s lunch to make sure her food wasn’t too hot.
It turns out there is way more to the Milwaukee Brewers than just their M.V.P.
The cause was complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, his daughter Lian Amaris said.
212-854-7799, millertheatre.com RAVI COLTRANE at Jazz Standard (March 27-April 1, 7:30 and 9:30 p.m.).
“And if nothing is done soon, it will turn into a civil war with grave consequences.” Anglophone separatists have been fighting for recognition of Ambazonia — named after Ambas Bay in southern Cameroon, an 1800s-era settlement for freed slaves — for decades.
Mr. Rosen, the former chief executive of a Manhattan advertising agency that promoted Svedka vodka and Mike’s Hard Lemonade, wants to reintroduce Newark cider, an 18th- and 19th-century alcoholic drink once famously compared to Champagne.
But now that the #MeToo movement is so prominent, Ms. Arndt said, “I’m rethinking my decisions about which artists to support and whether watching Allen’s films is something we want to do anymore.” If “Manhattan” is lately one of Mr. Allen’s most disparaged films, for decades it was among his most beloved, selected for preservation in the National Film Registry, playing to adoring fans in revival houses, serving as a glorious advertisement for New York.
But patience is a virtue, so I try to put my frustration aside, because I love my job.
Mr. Soros’s home is in a suburb of New York City.
Billed by Pruitt as a measure to increase transparency, the move is actually “his latest effort to cripple the agency,” they write.
Pride in the soccer team is different.
Professor Marcus said that Lionel Trilling and another Columbia professor, Jacques Barzun, had influenced him most by pointing him “in the direction I wanted to have in academic life.” In 1961, when he was teaching at Indiana University, a casual conversation with John Gagnon of the university’s Institute for Sex Research, founded by Alfred C. Kinsey, prompted him to write “The Other Victorians.” Professor Marcus returned to Columbia as an associate professor in 1963.
The emphasis today is often different, Twenge said: “Do it your own way, everybody’s unique, there are no rules.” It can feed a runaway individualism.
James Martin, an American Jesuit priest, to give a talk at the official meeting about how parishes can better accept and reach out to gay Catholics.
The change in “age rating” would not apply to Americans 65 and older who are covered by Medicare, nor those between 50 to 64 who have employer-sponsor insurance.
These are some of the crucial questions raised by “ Pacha, Llaqta, Wasichay: Indigenous Space, Modern Architecture, New Art ,” an exhibition at the Whitney Museum featuring seven Latinx artists , the gender-neutral term for those of Latin descent.
The Musée des Arts Décoratifs and its director, Olivier Gabet, and his team were critical in helping this idea come to life, through both creative workshops and the Dior exhibition .
“We feel like we failed Matt Harvey,” Callaway said on Friday.
She’s new at this school, somewhere in 1980s Ohio, but she’s a self-possessed little thing.
There’s a whole lot of what President George W. Bush called “the soft bigotry of low expectations” in her words throughout the episode — rhetoric that might be better explained, frankly, as something Noah is projecting.
Although she dabbled in theater, her focus on school was otherwise absolute.
I went in to tell the story of Grady and this brief period in Texas, and came out with this multigenerational story about America.
On it are a number of time-honored plutocratic pleasures, such as cold oysters, foie gras terrine, and a really fine and forcefully seasoned tartare of ivory-veined rib-eye.
of Qatar Airways, claimed that his job was beyond the wit of any woman : “Of course it has to be led by a man, because it is a very challenging position.” He clearly hasn’t read that gender equality can be a competitive advantage .
The National Taxpayers Union offers tips on its website, including attending an appeals board hearing to get a feel for the process.
The songs evoke the smell of damp school sweaters and the ennui of suburban bus shelters, as well as the money scraped together to buy Dr. Martens boots.
“There are plenty of affordable options and the rise of food trucks and delivery services have certainly helped bring variety on a budget,” she noted.
But the consequences can be even more serious than being shamed by their community, as the state often brings criminal charges against women who speak up.
“Women are being blamed for mistakes that aren’t their own.” An online commentary by People’s Daily, the main newspaper of the Chinese government, described the dispute that led to the fatal crash as “pointless.” “We have to ask, why do fistfights between passengers and drivers keep happening?” the commentary said.
In the House, a committee passed a bill last week allowing people to carry weapons at churches that share property with schools, as long as they are working for or attending the church, and the church does not prohibit weapons.
He also sees Bring It as a way to change the demand side of the bottle equation: “By displacing single-use plastics, we’re limiting the resources that go into making them,” he said.
“I don’t favor nationalizing anything,” Senator John Hoeven, a Republican from North Dakota, said.
This company from Oslo makes its debut in the United States with “Lullaby,” a work from 2015 for three men.
“The company failed to safeguard user data and notify authorities when it was exposed.” Tony West, Uber’s chief legal officer, said the settlement was part of a larger effort inside Uber to remake the company’s image.
He was about the toughest guy I ever coached.
• An Uber driver convinced the hedge fund manager Paul Britton that the “Goldilocks” bet on market calm was poised to unravel.
Netflix said Ms. Dungey will help oversee programming that will be made by Barack and Michelle Obama’s Higher Ground Productions production company.
In several White House meetings last week, he underscored the importance of linking military operations to public support — a view Mr. Mattis has long held.
It dyed the rappelling rope the military used on helicopters.
In 2012 alone, they have said, Mr. Manafort paid $3 million in cash for a Brooklyn brownstone and nearly $3 million for a Manhattan condominium and he bought a house in Arlington, Va.
Read more: “ A Child Ghost, an Escape and a Watery Haunting on Curaçao ” a fairy tale written exclusively for T. Today, travelers stroll along Willemstad’s Handelskade Street, lined with sherbet-colored homes that resemble Amsterdam rowhouses, and stay in former Dutch colonial buildings now reimagined as luxurious beach resorts.
Over time, he began building his performances around music and spoken-word sections that address his religion and cultural background — “which can be surprisingly jarring and political to the audience,” he said.
Panama get a decent opportunity on Belgium’s side, but an errant cross quickly ends the threat.
Insurance providers are offering lower premiums for corporate clients with stronger security.