They don't deserve much respect yet, he said.
She will say something, I will attack it almost instantly.
Boy: "But it looks like people can have different kinds of consciences.
He is the son of Bersan and Nevzat Simsir of Istanbul.
On the block now are the bank's 125 movie theaters in Europe and its bank subsidiary in Brazil.
Safety VENCIE GLENN was named the conference's defensive player of the week after making a 75-yard interception return for a touchdown against the Washington Redskins -- the longest of the season.
Royal Dutch/Shell, based in London and The Hague, said profits from exploration and production rose 41 percent and earnings from chemicals soared.
He even bought each one of us cars when we got to high school.
If there was a feeling that Tyson might carry Mathis a few rounds at the Spectrum, simply to work some of the rust off, King's bombast suggested otherwise.
Of course," the lips widened, "I can't guarantee it won't happen again."
Change to your Windows subdirectory, type "setup," press the enter key, and follow the menus and prompts to change the display setting to "VGA."
Paul and Bunny Mellon, also well-known museum benefactors, gave 3 paintings, 18 drawings and 2 sculptures to the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond.
b-Net lossPer share figures reflect 5 percent stock dividend to be paid Feb.
fe 20 fe Nf6 21 e7 Re8 22 Bf6 wins a rook.
But later this week, a first-ever spring training camp for free agents -- baseball's most bizarre free-agent bazaar to date -- will open in Homestead, Fla. Now that the 234-day players strike is over, there are approximately 200 players who are adrift, that is, with no teams to report to.
ranks once the gas operation began.
In the six years that Mr. Prevoisin ran Aeromexico, he emitted a cacaphony of warning signals -- and all were ignored.
They play Buffalo (2-5) tonight at Hempstead, L.I.
Little, whose car is owned by Rypien, the former Super Bowl-winning quarterback, won $71,411.
He was 81 and had lived in Haworth, N.J., before he retired to Bel Air in 1983.
Mr. Roth is, of course, in many ways, the state's reigning laureate, with New Jersey -- particularly Newark and its environs from the 1940's and 50's -- serving as the background for many of his self-mirroring characters, if not the setting for the books.
Mr. Locke promised the judge that he would take his medication and submit to random drug testing.
Miss Holthusen, an Ojibwa, spoke on the importance of friendship and family.
I was meeting Deke Slayton at NASA, and I said I'd love to talk to the guys about a joke.
The Bruins (28-2) advanced to the regional championship game Saturday with a chance to reach the Final Four for the first time in 15 years.
"But those are the questions being asked."
The many distinctive cat patterns are the accent of coats and suits with face-framing collars, cuffs, pocket flaps and buttons.
While "The November Men" has some taut individual sequences, it is so infatuated with its own movie-within-a movie structure that it never settles down to tell a coherent story.
And that's not going to happen."
*Allowing the Devils to sell advertising in more areas of the arena, rights that are currently restricted.
"Knowing the building and knowing some of the people on the board, I felt sure they would be happy with our plan," Mrs. Itkin said.
And next season apparently there will be little difference in Kotite's role.
As a child in Spain, Eric Ripert, the chef at Le Bernardin, saw very little butter or cream.
Narrowed, plaque-ridden arteries can so reduce the flow of blood that brain tissue cannot function properly.
On Screen, In Life Under attack as the supposed inspiration for the igniting of a New York City subway token booth, "Money Train" joins a long list of films and television shows blamed for prompting acts of violence.
At night women generally favor a dress with perhaps a cardigan for the cooler evenings.
Since Prague became an open city again in 1989, location scouts have marveled at the endless possibilities: medieval backdrops, Baroque palaces, arched bridges and the languorous Vltava River.
said it would not cooperate with the International Body on Decommissioning, which is headed by George J. Mitchell, the former Democratic Senator from Maine.
It is a fair and balanced approach.
He declined to be interviewed for this article, sending a message that he was in mourning for his wife, who died recently.
While granting that Iran appears to be complying with the treaty, the Clinton Administration has warned Russia and China that it would be unwise to provide such technology to an unpredictable, fundamentalist state that is hostile to the Middle East peace effort.
It was in the summer of 1990, after a gay man was brutally beaten to death in a Jackson Heights schoolyard, that Ed Sedarbaum decided to act.
"I can't afford to goof off," she said.
Are there any package deals available for this event that combine hotel and car rental only?
But in an indication of the new migrants' distance from mainstream American culture, the bilingual aide speaks only Mixtec and Spanish.
On 36 Re1, Piket did not suspect the danger, though he had a lost position anyway.
"I cannot imagine the President making a major decision before talking it through with the Vice President," the Presidential adviser George Stephanopoulos said.
Spelunking is a scientific term now out of fashion.
Since then, he has been treated the way Carlton Bailey was when he, in effect, replaced the popular Pepper Johnson after he was cut in training camp in 1993.
"If they get out to a lead and you have to play catch-up basketball, they can make it tough on you.
"It used to be, people assumed this was impossible," he said.
Last month, it seemed that Showalter had lost some control.
Ryan said he believed the heat can be a factor in the Rangers' quest for a division championship but added: "As long as management is aware of it, you can take the precautions that you can, but it's one of those factors you have to deal with.
He also said the clubs did not understand the board's charge that they had eliminated bidding for free agents.
Five corporations specifically underwrote telecasts of the women's team.
Ron Delsener of Delsener/Slater Enterprises, which promotes many New York area concerts, said, "We had 13 stadium shows last year.
"A news crew shot it from an underpass, and you can see a Ford Aerostar van caught in the tornado," Grazulis says.
"There is a trend, both within Japan and in the United States, with the end of the cold war, with budget cutbacks, with a younger generation of Americans and Japanese, that the necessity of having 47,000 troops stationed in Japan is seeming less and less viable in both countries," said Glen S. Fukushima, a former American trade official who is now a business executive in Tokyo.
's exports to Mexico, for example, rose 68 percent last year, to about $ 300 million, with locomotives, electrical and medical equipment selling briskly.
"These record-breaking profit-sharing payments are an excellent way to acknowledge their efforts."
"He was not up to fighting with the police.
I'm happy to sit down and discuss it with him, but he has to work things out on his own."
Those regions, at both ends of the virus after it is integrated into the genes of the host cell, contain repetitive sequences of genetic material.
So what if he was on the edge as a wide receiver during the Chargers' training camp?
But the fact that this outbreak is occurring in Kikwit, a large city with an airport and the potential for infected people to travel far, is among the disquieting differences from earlier outbreaks, which occurred in isolated villages.
It's an extremely destructive way to run a government.
For investors, it's worth noting if fund shares or other products being promoted aggressively will help a broker qualify for a trip or other prize.
Many publicly traded venture capital companies were begun in the early 1960's, said Steven P. Galante, editor of Private Equity Analyst, a monthly newsletter, "but they went private in the 1970's and 1980's."
The black-tie event, from 9 P.M. to 1 A.M., is to be led by Brooke Astor at the library's main branch on Fifth Avenue (42d Street).
Accounts from the scene of the disaster, where severed limbs and bodies were scattered near the wrecks, said that the impact of the accident was so great that six coaches on both trains and the engine of the train from Puri were crushed.
But while emotionally appealing, as Richard Drake argues in "The Aldo Moro Murder Case," the conspiratorial view is not supported by the extraordinary amount of evidence: "Open though many questions in the Moro case may be, a historical analysis of the available evidence does not permit us to accept the conspiracy theory."
The house, which resembles a compact castle painted in airy pastel tones, has a tree-shaded garden for warm-weather dining and a cozily stylish interior outfitted in pale fir wood on floors, tables, walls and ceilings.
A preview and a benefit party at the Whitney Museum.
We may have brought this kind of music making on ourselves.
The House Banking Committee also voted to require federally chartered savings institutions to turn themselves into banks by 1998, while the Senate Banking Committee would require both state and Federally chartered institutions to make the transformation by then.
The testimony of what it was like to be trapped in a land built on exploitation, the old photographs and grainy movies, the spirituals, jazz and blues, especially as delivered by David (Honeyboy) Edwards, give the documentary authenticity and immediacy.
What they all showed, though, was that 30 to 40 percent of the voters polled were saying that they were undecided.
Because, this is the point: I expect Deion Sanders to be here for the rest of his football career.
He's in a zone right now.
But Ms. Taylor has only been indirectly recognized in a scattering of newspaper and magazine articles, including a brief reference in Entertainment Weekly and a television appearance on "Entertainment Tonight."
Among the signers of the statement, "Against Forgetting," were Alfred Dregger, a senior Christian Democratic leader; Alexander von Stahl, a former federal prosecutor, and several prominent legislators.
What was undisputed, the judge wrote, is that "no blacks received any of the 44 homes constructed in Island Park."
The extra-territorial reach of the bill, which penalizes countries that have commercial ties with Cuba, has brought the protests of the two North American Free Trade Association partners and their unusual cooperation in Washington.
Since my retirement two years ago, I have written my life story and traveled across the country speaking and listening to my fellow Americans.
He described Mr. Robinson and his allies as separatists interested in greater control over school governance Discussing the Englewood high school, Mr. Robinson argued that if it offered top-notch courses, "whites in that town would start sending their kids there and the school would integrate itself."
has called a meeting of its 19-member executive committee in Boston for June 23, Olympic officials said yesterday, at which time the committee is expected to choose between Schultz and Mike Jacki, the other finalist for the job.
He added: "That's not the way government is supposed to work."
Michael Brooks, the fiery linebacker and leading tackler last season, will move from the weakside spot to middle linebacker.
Overshadowed during much of his life by his contemporaries, poets like Lowell, Theodore Roethke and W. H. Auden, and neglected by a recent publisher, Stanley Kunitz, at 90, has nonetheless endured as one of the bright stars in the constellation of 20th-century American poets.
FREDERICK C. THAYER Visiting Prof., Public Administration George Washington University Washington, Nov. 13, 1995
(AP) SKIING Tomba Triumphs in World Cup Slalom Alberto Tomba earned his sixth World Cup victory of the season in a giant slalom race yesterday at Kranjska Gora, Slovenia.
I was among a packed double-decker congregation the night of Nov. 9, 1965, when we were trapped in a tunnel under the East River during the historic blackout.
Microsoft is not standing still.
Pete Wilson of California from the Presidential race.
Currently, Regents are selected for seven-year terms by the State Legislature with some informal screening.
.," "To be or not to be .
The artist's own remake of the Minimalist sculpture "Sand-Lime Instar," which was destroyed in 1966.
It's not enough to say it's madness.
The results exceed Wall Street estimates of $2.35 a share, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research.
"Mobiles/Stabiles Installation," featuring works by Myron Wasserman.
Dan Graham is a very good artist, but his urban park on the roof of the Dia Foundation in Chelsea is at best an interesting failure, its play of light and reflection scarcely emphatic enough to justify the project's ambitious scale.
Duramed said it had raised $10 million by selling convertible preferred stock.
And if adequate numbers of drivers are available at current compensation, is there any reason to believe the proposed fare increase will end up in their pockets rather than in those who control the limited supply of licenses?
Since he already has 20 other dogs in his basement, the newcomers are staying in a candy-apple-red shuttle bus in his backyard called the "Mighty Muttmobile."
The United States disclaims responsibility because we have offered to let Iraq sell limited amounts of oil to buy food and medicine.
About 200 Palestinians were deported by Libya to the Egyptian border Sunday.
"We need to bring everyone into the same room," she said.
There are those who would question his greatness, however.
DISTRICT 10 City Island, Throgs Neck, Pelham Bay, Country Club, Co-op City; third Thursday of month; next Jan. 19, 7:30 P.M.; Middletown Plaza Senior Center, 3033 Middletown Road; (718) 892-1161.
could do legally to block the shift.
"When he came out, he wasn't the same kid."
George E. Pataki's office to broker peace talks between New York City and the upstate communities whose streets, waste-water plants and cow pastures drain into the city's 19 reservoirs, the Governor said yesterday that "conceptual agreement" had been reached on many aspects of a plan to cut pollution of the city's drinking-water supply.
News of Dr. Shallah's selection to head the organization and his connection to the university was reported in the Nov. 3 issue of The Forward, the Jewish weekly published in New York.
But in a setback to the television networks, House Democrats curbed some of the legislation's strongest elements of deregulation, winning key amendments to limit media ownership and to mandate that all new television sets include technology that would allow parents to block out programs with violence or sexual content.
A squabble on Wednesday between gunmen over looted goods at Mogadishu's deserted international airport turned into a battle in which three people were killed, 10 wounded and a vehicle was blown up.
Dr. Reddick was also the author of "Our Cause Speeds On" (1957) and other writings, and a co-author of "The Southerner as American (1960) and "Worth Fighting For: The History of the Negro in the United States During the Civil War and Reconstruction" (1965).
To do what she does with her limited vocabulary books is brilliant.
The next day, I visited Pike Island, a 210-acre park eight miles south of Nicollet.
Latin America is the only region of the world where the United States still ships more goods then it imports.
Unfortunately, Mr. Webb does not take seriously the creationists' fears regarding the ramifications of evolution; just because they endorse "bad science" does not necessarily mean their concerns about the outgrowths of "good science" -- social Darwinism, atheism and relativism -- are unwarranted.
She pleaded guilty to third-degree grand larceny and was sentenced to two to five years in prison.
Mr. Torricelli, 43, is considered another of the state Democratic Party's rising stars and has also been mentioned as a possible gubernatorial candidate.
"I just believe in the message," he explained, adding that his real job is painting commercial murals for entertainment companies.
The meat course was a classic preparation, Troisgros style: fillet of beef in a red wine sauce.
Investigators have called Mr. Yousef a highly trained professional who moved around the world to recruit terrorists.
Bill Gradison, president of the association, said: "Overall, I have a very positive reaction to what the President proposed.
"New York has been the incubator, the training ground, for every comedy star in America."
"We really are good friends," Mr. Assumma said.
"You know I told them once children should be seen and not heard," Ms. Biscardi-Mensch said.
The dollar's rise against the mark picked up steam after Hans-Jurgen Kobnick, president of the Bundesbank in Rhineland-Palatinate state, was quoted in a German newspaper as saying that German interest rates still had room to ease.
Letters William Safire: Newt's 100th.
Columbia Pictures and the Transit Authority gave different versions of the extent of the authority's cooperation in making the movie -- some shots were filmed in the subway -- and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, sounding defensive about film making that brings revenue and recognition to New York, said the city "should not be reading the script of every movie and acting as a censor."
"I don't know how it's going to work out," Clemens said.
The most recent honor to befall the Delanys -- the daughters of a former slave whose 10 children all went to college -- was the March 23 visit to their house by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
("I'm a free agent like everybody else here," he noted.)
Leaning against him are the four board members who are internally called "the New York contingent" because they sometimes fly in together from there for board meetings.
This didn't use to be a problem.
Qualcomm, based in San Diego, said the NEC Corporation had signed a multimillion-dollar worldwide license agreement to use the company's technology, called code division multiple access, or C.D.M.A.
In Japan, the Government should use the banking crisis to redouble its once promising drive to open up the economic system and make it more accountable to those who depend on it.
I was joking around with my friends.
The crackdown of the Medellin cartel did produce about four months of lower cocaine supplies and higher prices in 1990, a glitch that proponents of combatting international trafficking point to as a reason to press the fight.
She ripped open the pack and found the cigarettes water-stained in wavy black.
"But how do you go back across that bridge from skepticism to absolutes -- once you've burned it?"
And a peripheral domestic drama involving the traveling circus's director and his wife is shoehorned into the story like a confusing afterthought.
The department will close three of the Gowanus's six lanes at a time.
The consulate's most recent warning, issued in May, still advises extreme caution when travelling in Chiapas.
And he describes drug dealers in the harshest terms: "These young entrepreneurs are so stupid that they can't even count their money with a money counter.
On most occasions before the 1993 incident, the department assigned a sergeant to personally supervise Officer Livoti's conduct, but he was apparently driving with another junior officer on the night of Sept. 11, 1993, when he picked up the teenager for driving a motorized go-cart recklessly.
Roaring down I-91 toward Amherst, he recalled another recent adventure: tagging along on a simulated dogfight in an F-15.
Adolfo Francisco Scilingo is haunted by a memory.
Other cities on the verge of bankruptcy -- New York, Philadelphia and Cleveland among them -- relied heavily on their states to back bond offerings and other measures that helped overcome budget squeezes.
Israel's top negotiator with the P.L.O.
"Now we can use GONG to peer into the solar interior from Earth.
"Going to a shoe store is almost like going to the doctor."
Owners such as Marcel Aubut of Quebec and Peter Pocklington in Edmonton have said the recent league proposals don't do enough to help them compete with teams from larger cities and those who deal in more valuable American dollars.
"That is exemplary," he said.
But eight months into the budget-slicing, the bleeding by corporate America seems to be not a great deal more than from your average shaving cut.
In the real world of trade politics, of course, the choices are a lot more shaded than telling Japan it must choose between opening the market to Buicks and keeping the Seventh Fleet around.
It's part of the game.
Sounds like a DiCaprio project.
Childs dished out a career-high 16 assists and was the point man on a defensive charge in which the Nets held the Hornets to only 27 second-half points, including 9 in the third quarter.
The other singers were Monique Zanetti, Patricia Petibon, Francois Piolino and Fernand Bernadi.
In a brief statement after the meeting, the United States Embassy said the sides "began full and in-depth discussions on the implementation of the agreed framework."
Noting that he has not served in Washington, he said, he would present himself as "the only candidate that's clearly from the outside."
For example, New York taxes unemployment compensation while New Jersey does not.
Critics note that the Connecticut lottery is one of the most profitable in the nation and that the state would be reducing its revenue by selling part of it.
The Broncos scored the only touchdown of the half with 3:10 left on Elway's 33-yard pass to Miller, capping an 84-yard drive.
But Administration officials hinted that they were prepared to offer Dr. Foster, a 61-year-old obstetrician-gynecologist from Nashville, another job, possibly an advisory role in the campaign against teen-age pregnancy.
At last month's toy fair, the manufacturer, the Bandai Company, couldn't keep the crowds out of a showroom that was four times as large as the old one.
For women who had a history of premature births, the risk increased by 10 times, said Dr. Timothy R. B. Johnson, chairman of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, the senior author of the study.
Suggesting the possibility of a trend, Mr. Karp cited a recent survey by Theater Communications Group, a national organization of nonprofit theaters.
For one thing, they insist that the waiver request may not be the sure thing that Fox and most of the industry expect it to be.
Mason, a pitcher, was the only nonroster player in camp and was considered a very long shot to make the roster, given that he is coming off arm surgery.
The bridegroom, also 27, is an associate director of artist development at Arista Records in New York.
In dense, unusually terse language, the 37-page report did precisely that.
"It's the only way I can go on."
Seventeen months after Mr. Towbin took the helm, the Clinton Administration decided to merge Mr. Towbin's small-business fund with the $100 million Government-sponsored Fund for Large Enterprises -- a merger that had Mr. Towbin's blessing because it was expected to cut overhead by more than $2 million a year.
Mr. Watt, 57, is charged with covering up some of his work as a consultant seeking Federal aid from the department.
Mariners 5, Rangers 1 Chris Bosio scattered four hits and Edgar Martinez delivered a two-run double as Seattle equaled the fastest starts in its history with the victory at Arlington, Tex.
While in Washington, she was president of the Congressional Club, a group of Congressional wives.
"Special pricing, strong service and support and habit have made the K-12 market an unusually loyal Apple niche."
"There is now a meaningful appellate procedure, I believe," Criser said yesterday.
Cornerback OTIS SMITH (sprained ankle) will return to practice this week, and is questionable.
's 30 teams battle on the field, but cooperate as a business, holds little romance.
The withdrawal of the remaining 7,900 peacekeepers, most of them Pakistanis, is expected to be completed before the United Nations mandate in Somalia expires March 31.
All around him, other Safa residents were planting hundreds of saplings along the gently sloping hill, an anti-Israel protest that was carried out today at half a dozen West Bank locations where Arabs say their land is in danger of being confiscated to expand nearby Jewish settlements.
"I would prefer if the Legislature were very prudent and only restored or added programmatic things that serve the broader public interest," he said.
Today, only one foreigner with a camera was seen, a man from Ohio, Stepjan Vlahovich, who has Croatian forebears.
"I try to judge anybody on what they can do, what they can contribute to the organization.
(Although many, unlike the New Museum, have the graciousness not to sell works by living artists, to avoid damaging the artists' reputations.)
Commuters will lose time while waiting in their cars in longer traffic jams, because more drivers will be on the roads.
My six year old is also a writer!
The fleet, the Fifth, includes two nuclear-powered submarines and an aircraft carrier with about 70 war planes.
Tests to find out which meal or meals caused the outbreak would not be completed until tomorrow, he said.
Looking on, refusing to take sides until the end, is Edison, who, as written by Mr. St. Germain, is an aging comic who never stands up when he can lie down.
To step up the pressure on Libya, Washington needs sanctions other countries can support.
C1 Arts/Entertainment C15-22 Mishandling of tickets by some Ticketmaster outlets.
FLOYD BENNETT FIELD, ECOLOGY VILLAGE, Gateway National Recreation Area, Flatbush Avenue (Exit 11S on the Belt Parkway), Flatbush, Brooklyn.
They were joined by Mr. Gerodias, Mr. Pacilli, Mr. Boseman, Ms. Gonzales, Laura-Lisa Rodriguez and Ms. Cox in "Three Dances With Army Blankets," a playful, clever piece by Danial Shapiro and Joanie Smith.
"Do we want to say, 'Industry, you're going to have to clean up even though it's a 200-to-1 higher cost,' and run the risk of driving industry out of the state?"
Shares of Sprint were unchanged at $33.75 today on the New York Stock Exchange.
In 1981, Transportation Department officials visited Community Board 10 in Howard Beach with a proposal to build westbound lanes that would include an entrance and exit directly to and from Aqueduct race track, said Betty Braton, the community board's chairwoman.
Life in the New York City of 1871 as witnessed by a jaded newspaperman.
He takes pressure off other players here.
Medical examiners in the Philippines examined the remains last month and concluded that Mrs. Maga had been severely beaten -- almost certainly by a man -- and that the strangulation had followed.
"So, how do you feel being so small?"
Prudential Securities is considering cutting brokers' commissions in an attempt to pare costs, brokers at the firm have said.
The technique borrows ideas developed by the semiconductor industry, which uses lithographic technology to manufacture the intricate microscopic circuits on which chips are based.
Consider, for example, the electronic system for managing two million pounds of chicken wings each month by Domino's Pizza Distribution, based in Ann Arbor, Mich.
FOR SALE: G1, the Grumman Gulfstream twin-engine turboprop airplane that has transported New York governors, sometimes precariously, since 1977.
Those fears are unfounded, planners say.
Decades before celebrities were dissected for their iconographic significance, Carmen Miranda rose to become Hollywood's reigning symbol of the Latin American spirit.
A lifetime's experience of negotiation obviously helped Holbrooke.
SPECTACLES "Glasses give you some indication of the way the writer looked at the world," said Mr. Staley of the University of Texas's Ransom Center, which last December exhibited the eye wear of Arthur Conan Doyle, Compton Mackenzie, Anne Sexton and Gertrude Stein.
Smirnoff Black, the first Smirnoff vodka made in Russia since 1917, is gradually appearing in bars and liquor stores.
My husband, Larry, and I were staying at a house on Lake Garda, and we descended to the plain of the Po -- the lower lands of Lombardy -- through switchbacks where pink villas and the remnants of castle walls could be traced along the crests of the hills.
"The landlord has the right to demand appropriate financial security," Mr. Roura said.
Mr. Maal has performed widely in Europe and America and is to headline the Africa Fete tour this summer; he is anything but insular.
Among the biggest decliners were Exide, a maker of lead acid batteries, and Tandy Brands Accessories, which makes leather accessories.
Gwathmey is celebrated both for his stubbornness with clients who he feels are unsympathetic to his ideas and for his patience with clients who are.
"They pocket the nickel, so if they don't take the can, it's pure profit.
He added: "This can be a turning point for us.
In the Sheridan comedy, he delighted theatergoers as he ate his breakfast eggs while silently and passionately lusting after his son's fiancee, Lydia Languish.
In addition to the 100 million shares of Coca-Cola that he acquired between 1988 and 1992, his other very successful investments include the Geico Corporation, the Gillette Company and the Washington Post Company.
Less growth, in turn, would keep inflation from rising.
In the 1970's, black designers like Stephen Burrows, Jon Haggins and Willi Smith made a splash with their use of bright colors and innovative cuts.
When the aboriginals rebel against their new masters, all the relationships are revealed in a new light.
There were myriad buzzing flies and wasps drawn to the immense rotted-apple compost on the creek bank.
* At Miramax Films "we're each other's best consultant," said Bob Weinstein, 40, of his relationship with his brother and co-chairman, Harvey, 42, "because we each have our total interest involved."
It turned out to be as easily done as said.
The bridegroom, 30, graduated from Johns Hopkins University.
By 1905, the community had become a model for nearby areas such as Ditmas Park and Fiske Terrace.
Mr. Giuliani, a Republican, heavily lobbied the Senate not to pass the bill, and the lopsided vote in favor of passage was a clear slap at the Mayor.
"There were no real decisions to be made," a management official said.
It was not immediately clear how Dave Wohl, the Heat's executive vice president of basketball operations, would fit in.
The officials said it was impossible to say precisely how many documents might ultimately be exempted from Mr. Clinton's order, which is to take effect over the next five years.
"When I go back up they got my brother face down, blood coming out of his nose, handcuffed.
If you like, peel their skins.
The couple, who met six years ago, moved into the former factory about a year ago.
There are "four main pillars" to the multimillion-dollar Lexus campaign: comments from Lexus officials; testing by Lexus auto mechanics; evaluations from non-Lexus experts, and testimonials from Lexus customers.
(We even have our own bawdy Miller in Bob Packwood and babbling Wife of Bath in Enid Waldholtz.)
By 1 this morning, officials said, the blaze had consumed 3,500 acres of pinelands.
"The evidence shows that after more than a decade of restructuring, banks have just as many offices, providing significant credit and a broader array of products and services," said Ricki Helfer, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Virtually every leading phonograph maker, including RCA, Emerson, Magnavox and Motorola, turned to Shure Brothers for cartridges.
Bogar, who has started the past three games, supplied the big blast, the three-run homer over the center-field wall.
When his spokesman, Michael D. McCurry, tried to get the President to leave right away for a national security meeting on Bosnia, Mr. Clinton testily brushed him off.
These qualities also bear witness to a great love of drawing, a love shared by most of his contemporaries in the early humor magazines and comic pages.
Softkey agreed to pay $67.50 a share, up from $65, or $558 million, in cash for 8.28 million shares of the Learning Company's outstanding common stock, and is to exchange Softkey shares worth about $48 million for unvested Learning Company employee stock options.
Mr. Fung emphatically denied that he had.
Maybe it was the crowd that inspired President Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich to behave themselves.
Carolina likes to blitz under Coach Dom Capers, who was the defensive coordinator with the Steelers.
"Treat calories like money," he explained.
"I am not declaring myself as leading the opposition until a new government is formed," Mr. Chuan said.
The proposed revisions will "aid consumers in better understanding leases and will resolve several compliance concerns of lessors," a Fed staff memo on the proposal said.
The Transit Authority will extensively reroute subway service between Manhattan and Brooklyn during off-peak hours this summer because of construction work on the Manhattan Bridge.
But over the last 30 years, these groups have declined in numbers and influence.
Rebecca Bernstein, who is 103, remembers the days a former trustee sent handwritten notes apologizing for a $30 increase in assessments.
Continue stirring in more flour until the dough has lost its stickiness and can be worked with your hands.
"This is probably one of the fastest deals every to go from hostile to friendly, and about the smallest increase in price anyone can remember," said an executive close to the negotiations.
Yet even the specialized companies -- like their customers -- are living closer to the edge than ever before.
Pager companies have a similar number of clients, but are signing up only 12,000 new customers a day.
There was Frank (Bucko) Kilroy, Steinberg's mentor when Kilroy was the general manager of the New England Patriots.
"And I'm only half kidding."
Now, for permission to sublet again, the co-op is asking for a 40 percent fee, again paid in advance.
Forty-nine percent say these proposals go too far; 11 percent say not far enough and 32 percent say they are about right.
After watching the replay, Jones and the rest of the Mets felt robbed.
Mr. Tapie, a flamboyant businessman and friend of Mr. Mitterrand who was a millionaire and once saw himself as a possible candidate for the presidency, was given six more months in jail than the prosecution had asked for at the end of his trial two months ago in the northern city of Valenciennes.
In the November Elle, the Asian model Jasmine appeared wearing Rei Kawakubo clothes.
The love theme is also glimpsed through the abstract choreography with fleeting gestures and images of couples.
The Learning Company said it asked its stockholders to defer deciding whether to accept Softkey's tender offer until they have been advised of its position on the offer.
In the Lovell television commercial, documentary footage and quick-cut editing dramatize the white-knuckles danger fo the Apollo 13 mission and how astronaut Lovell coolly brought his crippled spacecraft back to earth.
A RECESS IN LABOR TALKS IN TRENTON Talks for a new contract with state workers are to begin a week's recess with Gov.
If he has a smooth outing, Kamieniecki will start against the Twins on Saturday.
"The 45 jersey is what everyone wants," said Maribeth Tinnes, the manager and buyer for Sports & Novelty on Michigan Avenue.
It was not his daughter, Chelsea, who was in school at the time.
So here at Eternal Acres, neither the living nor the dead rest easily, although the dead seem to suffer less from pain and guilt.
Mr. Rifkin admitted in court yesterday that between December 1991 and January 1991, he strangled Lorraine Orvieto, 30 of Stony Brook, L.I., and Mary Ann Holloman, 42, of Manhattan, whose bodies were found in 55-gallon drums in Coney Island Creek, and an unidentified woman whose body was found in a drum in Newtown Creek, near Greenpoint Avenue, in Brooklyn.
A14 Serbs under attack say they have no choice but to defy the world.
Weibring made the most determined charge, shooting a 65 and coming from six strokes off the pace to within a single stroke with a birdie at the 16th hole.
The brutal attack quickly became a political issue, as Senator Bob Dole, the Republican majority leader from Kansas and a Presidential candidate, called on moviegoers to boycott the film "Money Train," which some officials said may have inspired the incident.
"I just don't want her to hate me," she tells Rabbi Shulman.
Responding to a question on the CBS News program "Face the Nation," Bob Dole of Kansas said, "I think it would be a mistake for the First Lady to go as long as they're retaining an American prisoner there, Harry Wu, and as long as there's other human rights abuses."
"My mission is to build this railroad," Mr. de Moraes said of an initial 1,072-mile section that is expected to cost him $2.5 billion.
Local telephone lines were jammed, and electrical blackouts in the Kobe area rendered many phones useless.
Against the drumbeat of attacks on the economic front, Mr. Bouchard and his separatist followers promise that independence would shrivel deficits, restore pride, protect French culture and redress all wrongs.
The conferees appear headed toward a viciously unbalanced budget.
A new policy by President Clinton -- a commitment to end the embargo when Iraq destroys its weapons -- would show humanity and courage rather than simulations of toughness.
These days, picking up a rumor about a telecommunications deal is about as easy as picking up the phone.
The images of dopey-looking cowboys and emoting starlets labeled "intense," "fearful" and "sad" in "A Sentence of 13 Parts (With 12 Alternate Verbs) Ending in a FABLE" (1977) succinctly point up the artificial nature of the qualities themselves.
Lumber prices fell sharply on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange yesterday as a drop in the Canadian dollar raised concerns that Canadian mills would flood the United States with exports.
It's the same kind of problem the Federal government is having.
That imbalance has been seen as an important underlying reason for the dollar's long-term erosion against the yen, because it means Japanese exporters have enormous amounts of dollars that they must sell when repatriating profits.
Best of all, she could show her characters navigating back and forth between these two moods, struggling to maintain their trustingness in a world without illusion.
California, on Aug. 9, had led this division by 11 games, then swooned for six weeks before whimsically making up three games in the season's final five days.
"If Sarajevo will be under the Muslims, not a single Serb will stay," said Nada Markus, a 50-year-old engineer, as she shopped among outdoor stalls which offered an anemic selection of chocolate bars, cigarettes, whisky, toothpaste and other items brought in by smugglers.
"By doing so, Mr. Ferguson exposes himself to the jurors and they will form a personal opinion about him even before they hear the facts in the case," Mr. Rose said.
The Wolverines were brutish, knocking the Black Bears off the puck and crunching them into the boards.
The robbers have reportedly struck two times in the vicinity of Kansas City, two times near Des Moines and once each near Omaha and near Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio.
On or about Presidents' Day in February, the U.S. will issue a new $100 bill.
Low-income families absorbed about 60 percent of the budget cuts for the current year, even though they benefit from only about 12 percent of total discretionary spending.
The Jamesway Corporation, which emerged from bankruptcy in December, said yesterday that it was considering filing for bankruptcy protection again.
An average check for a full seafood dinner at the Crab House in Chelsea is expected to be about $20.
He noted that Newark parents appeared to be fleeing the city rather than subject their children to the high schools.
Chiron was first thought of as an asteroid, though its orbit in the outer reaches of the solar system lay beyond the usual region of these rocky mini-planets, which is between Mars and Jupiter.
But they are all-important to parents in the 20 towns, who see their children's present and future on the line.
This time, Taylor was more low key than he was on Wednesday.
The head of the Hunger Action Network, Mark Dunlea, said his group and two others would erect more than two dozen tents and shacks for the homeless on March 27 and 28 to protest budget cuts proposed by Gov.
Mr. Asahara had saved $30,000 by the time he graduated from high school, and he also ran unsuccessfully for student body president in elementary, junior high and senior high schools.
American officials were poised to discuss the issue formally in talks in Beijing this week.
The clowns in "Alegria," part of the circus's infusion of talent from the former Soviet Union, are existential sad sacks, perpetually wandering.
He declared himself "a nonresident alien, non-foreigner, stranger to the current state of the forum," using language of the extreme right that some trace to the movement known as the Posse Comitatus.
It is named for your ancestors, the great Inca warriors.'
The passion of "Faith Healing" and the wit of Ms.
Her mother and father are classical musicians, her brother is a composer.
After decades of being essentially a closed community, under siege from city authorities and decaying under a series of private operators, the 79th Street Boat Basin is on the verge of a new life.
Experts say the increases have now stopped for two reasons.
Cruising by at a safe distance is Rodney (Delroy Lindo), Strike's mentor in drug-dealing, who is both devil and father figure for his protege.
She mentions various reasons for the tunnels' existence: year-round beer storage at a steady temperature; a refuge from the fires that periodically leveled the town; military objectives: retreat and recovery.
A Roman Catholic priest who was suspended 18 months ago after he was accused of molesting two boys returned to his church on Sunday and asked for forgiveness from parishioners, who greeted his return with enthusiasm and applause.
But the companies agreed to a number of licensing and collaborative agreements, an approach that analysts found preferable.
He expects to attend a conference in Montreal this year.
Executives Worry That Rising Interest Rates Could Put a Brake on Growth.
Babies born to women who consumed more than 10,000 international units of the vitamin daily were 2.4 times as likely to be born with such defects as babies exposed to 5,000 international units or less.
To the Editor: It is perverse that Alex Ross should dismiss the new London recording of Erich Wolfgang Korngold's "Symphonic Serenade" ["A 'Serious' Composer Lives Down Hollywood Fame," Nov. 26].
Among the items found on the train were paintings belonging to his father, Paul Rosenberg, the prominent Paris art dealer.
* Berlitz International Inc., Princeton, N.J., to Rapp Collins Worldwide, New York, a unit of the Omnicom Group, to handle advertising and direct marketing for the language services company in North and South America, which were previously handled by various agencies.
There are six daily departures a day from Prague to Salzburg, all requiring changes, and one direct train that makes the trip only every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday (leaving at 8:20 P.M., arriving at 2:42 A.M.).
This made her mother, Fuji Kamatani, somewhat wistful since she had once sent her daughter to Japanese school in the hopes of imparting something lasting.
It's the speed of the things and the way they surround you.
"The relationships are tough," Petrovic said.
The order would mandate an escalating regimen of financial disclosure keyed to the level of security clearance they hold.
With a behind-the-scenes look at the sordid business of show business and an ultimately cathartic personal story, "Dreamgirls" is thrilling.
In the earlier book, this picaresque approach yielded both terror and exhilaration.
Gasoline also fell, retreating from the highest prices in almost three years last week, amid expectations that rising production would help to ease a stockpile shortfall of 5.5 percent, or 12 million barrels, compared with last year.
In such an event, he said, he will tell the jurors, "You may consider the effect of this delay in disclosure, if any, upon the credibility of the witness involved and give to it the weight to which you feel it is entitled."
Caesars Atlantic City 2100 Pacific Avenue.
What Ms. Bhutto needs is a boost for her economy.
He will walk up a ramp into the horse van, where he will be allowed space enough for three horses for the trip to Kentucky.
A former Prime Minister, Yegor T. Gaidar, has warned that the new spending might produce hyperinflation, a run on the ruble and even Government rationing.
"You have to ask whether this stuff is worth the candle, or could you get to the same conclusions by massaging public and 'gray area' information.
"Why doesn't the mayor consider using that park by his mansion.
Similarly, routine is resettling upon the Senate.
The rigidities of the amendment would also inflict pain on millions of Americans.
"If it continues to move up," as it has during the last few weeks, she said, "the market may conclude the economy is continuing to weaken."
He is questionable for the Nets' game Sunday at Byrne Meadowlands Arena against the Washington Bullets.
So Pepsi and Diet Pepsi can be covered under the same idea."
Because Leonardo wanted to work slowly, he executed "The Last Supper" as if it were a giant painting on wood or canvas, applying tempura and some oil paint to a dry plaster wall primed with lead white.
"I will meet promptly with the other appointees to the authority to organize the work of the board."
"My mom was not a woman of great intellect and knowledge," added Mr. Shin, who has changed the spelling of his surname.
Puppa was replaced by J. C. Bergeron, who made his fifth appearance of the season.
The chair umpire, Lynn Welch, explained that Raymond had obstructed her view of the ball and so she could not overrule.
THERE are some wonderful little tomatoes called cocktail tomatoes, which are usually sold in net bags, attached to their stems.
To the Editor: I wish "The Senate's Highway Cave-In" (editorial, Nov. 21), claiming that the Senate capitulated to the House on the National Highway System bill, were true.
It's become all cliquey now."
Gospel Church and Outreach Ministries.
She plays Monique in a rather confessional style, appearing in front of a microphone but with a close-up of her face constantly thrown onto a large screen at the back of the stage.
LONG ISLAND SURF -- Signed and activated Mitchell Foster, center.
She's a lawyer now, and she goes to the Met in evening clothes."
The Uluru-Kata Tjuta Cultural Center is open daily.
But, he added: "We're basically just watching.
Pytka, the commercial production company in Venice, Calif., headed by the director Joe Pytka, took top honors last week at the 37th annual International Television Advertising Awards sponsored by the New York Festivals.
Tonight, it was Kamieniecki who flexed his muscles, striking out Puckett with two on and two out in the fifth inning of what was then a 3-0 game, a small victory within a victory that had the pitcher pumping his fist as he exited the field.
"Every opportunity we had, we didn't take it."
Triton, which emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1993, said the losses were amassed by the management of its predecessor companies, Intermark Inc. and Triton Group Ltd. Intermark held a 30 percent equity stake in Pier 1, a Texas-based retailer.
"It looks as if it never existed," Interior Minister Doru Ioan Taracila said after surveying the charred wreckage strewn about a potato field.
The awards, which are named for the longtime editor of Opera News, who died in May 1987, are intended for singers at the beginning of their careers.
The only problem is, it won't work.
"The money we save on maintenance we will spend later many times over in capital expenditures," Mr. Levy said.
The spiritual leader of thousands of Vietnamese Buddhists here was killed on Friday, and a homeless man whom the leader had befriended was being held today in the slaying.
One sign that traders and investors grew more confident this week that the Fed had almost raised rates enough came from the yield spread between the note and the bond.
The Mayor could, however, listen to any idea the teachers have to finance the wage hikes with more concessions in work rules and benefits, something that should have been part of the contract from the beginning.
"My father stands there looking down, looking up, opening his mouth, closing it again," Mrs. Barrett recalls in "Irving Berlin: A Daughter's Memoir."
He was selected behind B. J. Armstrong, the Chicago Bulls point guard chosen first by the Toronto Raptors.
"At first they told me I was going to go totally blind," Runyan said.
I'm not ready to say we're headed for a fall, but many things are in danger.
You've built quite a case for yourself.
A school spokesman, Harry Moore, said of the bankruptcy: "Everything has been rectified."
The result was an unofficial communique calling for "just and lasting peace in the Middle East."
The Stevens Institute of Technology just got the same message.
Now that Congress has almost gutted the Arts and Humanities Endowments -- in the House's case cutting their budgets by up to 40 percent and setting a two-year deadline for the N.E.A.
His interest rate went up drastically after the lender turned over the loans to a collection agency.
"I think there's a certain point in a business career where business itself is no longer enough," he says.
The exhibition centers on the enormous, extraordinarily detailed stone reliefs, some of which are over seven feet high.
Allied Signal Inc. said yesterday that its aerospace unit had agreed to buy the precision products division of the Northrop Grumman Corporation.
"The absolute biggest thing was the women's movement," says the Card Association's McDermott.
Meanwhile, place the basil and 3/4 cup of olive oil in a food processor and process until combined.
PHYLLIS A. AMORI Briarcliff Manor, N.Y.
He has 204 assists this season, 5 fewer than the school record he established last season.
We do not intend to shoot down any, but if there is a NATO escalation we will deter them by all means."
I asked him what it was.
After all, she has to put up with an old-fashioned husband who wants a new house instead of a television, and who goes around saying: "A television is an egg.
But by his second day in New York City, he said, he wanted to go back to Trinidad.
In fact, one has the impression from this show that Mr. Serrano has so far only sporadically concentrated on his real subjects.
With this trip, night observations were to begin.
7 Nc3 Nf6 8 Bf4 fe 9 Qd2 d5.
The second game was tighter and longer, but Syracuse (12-2) went ahead by 9-7 early in the third quarter and maintained an edge of at least two goals the rest of the way against Virginia (12-3).
According to Mr. Robertson, the Illuminati planned the French Revolution, commissioned Marx and Engels to write "The Communist Manifesto" and through the banker Paul Warburg created the Federal Reserve system.
If Mr. Saatchi's higher Mirror Group billings figure is substituted for Saatchi & Saatchi's, however, the lost billings for Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising U.K. would total more than $41.8 million.
"It's also a pure political tool, a wonderful free reach into women voters."
In the early decades of Soviet Communism, overwhelmingly Roman Catholic Ireland was one of the countries where prayers were said at the end of Sunday Mass for the conversion, or reconversion, of officially atheist Soviet Russia to Christianity.
A10 Sochi Journal: Sun, sea, sand and the specter of Stalin.
Still, Mr. Baker says the bank is not immune to today's siren songs.
"Lockheed recognizes certain employees made mistakes in judgment," a Lockheed lawyer, William Vinson, told Judge Marvin H. Shoob during a plea hearing.
He continued, "Yet any challenge to or criticism of them is eternally met by drawing the now-tattered cloak of the First Amendment about their hunched shoulders, or crying into the wind about 'the chilling effect.'
This afternoon, as Democrats learned of her past, they sharply criticized the appointment.
The Bears' pass rush might be a little bit more tenacious than the Bucs', and Collins might be in for rougher treatment.
"With the N.F.L., the fines were a statement," Washington told reporters this week.
Peter Paul Rubens Gagosian Gallery 980 Madison Avenue (at 77th Street) Through May 19 You may have been led to expect a significant exhibition from the talk beforehand about this show.
A14 British and Irish leaders postponed a meeting.
The police suppressed religion in pre-war days, and they are still nervous about poking around an organization that calls itself religious.
Most cars pass between Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and, in the north, Kazakhstan, without incident or inspection.
Mrs. Waldholtz today continued to portray herself as the victim of a duplicitous husband.
In a way, Dunn was more like a best friend than a son to his mother, helping raise his younger brothers and sisters while his mother worked.
Science Times has an electronic mail address for comments from readers about published articles and suggested areas of coverage: scitimes@nytimes.com.
In Agnieszka Holland's film, a German teen-ager boldly mixes with the Nazis while concealing the fact that he is a Jew.
YEATS IN WORDS AND MUSIC, New York University, Vanderbilt Hall, 40 Washington Square South, Greenwich Village.
The men's prize money will be raised by 17 percent over all, the women's by 6 percent over all; only the women's champion and runner-up will receive the same raise as the men.
In the halls of high-school scholarship, though, one person's "supplementary aid" is a whole homeroom's crib.
"Everybody sees the meadowlands from the turnpike at 60 miles an hour," he said.
Three people, including a current occupant of my old apartment, told me they were recovering substance abusers.
Exiled to boarding school and lonely, he asks the father if he can return home.
The women and the ensemble, however, got it more than right.
The National Football League's 1995 college draft got under way yesterday amid a swirl of drug allegations directed at one of the top college prospects, defensive tackle Warren Sapp of Miami, and a hail of trades that had teams swapping positions on the draft board.
New York: Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
But the intent behind the gift was not to change Peddie from a mix of students from different backgrounds into a school for bluebloods, said the headmaster, Thomas DeGray.
"It's just a mess," he said.
The Japanese management of the American Honda Motor Company knew of and advocated a nationwide scheme in which company officials received $15 million in kickbacks, a defense lawyer said today.
With back rent due on the land and no firm plan in place to finance the hotel, the city has threatened to take back the property by Friday.
In the second season, last fall, more than 5,000 hunters entered the lottery for 40 permits, and only 28 moose were killed.
"Ordination means subordination," said Dr. Elisabeth Schussler Fiorenza, a feminist scholar at Harvard Divinity School, as long as the Catholic Church remained what she called "an elite, male-dominated, sacred pyramidal order of domination," based on structures inherited from Roman imperialism.
"It's very hard to describe what it means to us that he's here.
Many on Wall Street still do.
The youngest of 11 children, he never took a breath without an appreciative audience, never gurgled without applause, got standing O's just for standing.
We may be the first generation to leave the future poorer than the past.
Markham uses his position to seek both absolution and vengeance for a personal tragedy that sprang from the nation's ethnic hatreds.
He has filled both sides with his religious convictions, and he wants the recipient to consider them.
She purchased an item for 79 cents and handed the clerk a $100 bill.
Several strands of dragline silk are also spun to catch the wind when a spider feels the urge to go sailing through the air, or "ballooning."
That power grab, shamefully endorsed at the time by European governments that feared Islamic fundamentalism more than they cherished democracy, cannot now simply be undone.
WILLIAM G. MYERS 3D Director, Federal Lands National Cattlemen's Association Washington, July 7, 1995
And, to the extent that employees are expected to take on more and more responsibilities, they need a set of principles to guide them.
The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: BAB Holdings Inc., Chicago, an initial public offering of 1.7 million shares.
The strong earnings have been lifting bank stock prices, allowing acquirers to make expensive deals with their own shares.
Seven pieces from the Metropolitan's collection, supplemented by one work each from the Detroit Institute of the Arts and the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio, are included in the show, which was organized by an assistant curator of Islamic art at the Met, Stefano Carboni.
Presumably she had the use of her hands and wasn't blind.
Under the agreement, Ciba will purchase $5 million in Oncogene common stock, and will have the option to invest an additional $10 million in Oncogene covering other uses for the compound, TGF-Beta 3.
Most of the desserts are good.
Yet the truth is that for all of the talk of decentralization, neither the liberals nor the conservatives wholly trust the states at least not all of them.
BARD MUSIC FESTIVAL Annandale-on-Hudson, Aug. 11-20 (914-758-3226).
Designed for the playboy Federico II and his mistress, Isabella Boschetti, it is considered to be the greatest work of Guilio Romano, the artist and architect who was Raphael's favorite student and legal heir.
And that in a way was a precursor to personal street films."
C1 Sports B7-12 Obituaries D19-20 Dr. Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, Nobel laureate in physics Editorials/Op-Ed A14-15 Editorials Bullying Taiwan.
Sometimes it doesn't seem real.
Mr. O'Day's 20-minute ballet was more notable for its overall amiability than for any soaring flights of imagination.
"I look like a different player," said Martinez, who fell into a dramatic downward spiral last fall, soon after winning her first Grand Slam title at Wimbledon.
ROAD GETS ROUGHER FOR CABDRIVERS On the bumpy road to the American Dream, the pothole that is New York City's hack license exam has grown deeper.
A series of 15-session lecture courses starts on Sept. 11 with a class surveying 20th-century folk art.
The city's budget gap is about $3.1 billion; the state's is as much as $5 billion.
If he were a drug addict and a surgeon, no.
Mr. Byrd's interpretation, a work in progress premiering this weekend at Aaron Davis Hall, the performing arts center at City College, highlights traditional holiday values like joy and peace.
Hours: Noon-2 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 5-9 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 1-7 P.M. Sunday.
A compact platform in one corner indicates less completely visual abilities: an attenuated drum set with which, along with other instruments he has made or modified, Mr. Scher gives concerts on Saturdays, beginning at 3 P.M.
The demise of the Harlem Urban Development Corporation comes as Congress has approved plans for the creation of a Federal empowerment zone, using investment and tax breaks to lure businesses to Harlem and parts of the South Bronx.
In the little parlor to the right off the main hall, a media consultant and a speech writer up from Washington were pecking on laptops, piecing together what has come to be called "the national speech."
* Many deals involve free merchandise, payment of entrance fees to tournaments and small royalties for any photo or broadcast appearance.
LEONARD T. ROSEN Brooklyn, N.Y.
The tangled tale of Lot 13 did not surface again until 1992, when Mr. McDougal, in an interview with The New York Times, expressed irritation that he had put $100,000 more than the Clintons into Whitewater, including payments to the bank on Lot 13, and that Mrs. Clinton had then sold the lot for a profit to her and her husband.
A1 IN NEWARK, A FLEETING MOMENT To many of the several thousand people who waited long hours on the sidewalks outside Sacred Heart Cathedral in Newark, a fleeting moment of communion with Pope John Paul II was enough.
"Today, we buy Argentinian and Brazilian debt," he said, naming two countries that were in desperate financial shape a decade ago.
"I was released this morning," Mr. Liu, 33, said by telephone from his home in the northeastern province of Jilin.
"I can only be at one negotiating table at the time," he said.
Gilliam said: "Everybody wants to win the game and sometimes down the stretch you get emotional.
Damon Singletary, who had 17 points, opened the second half with 2 3-pointers and Lonnie Harrell, who scored 16 points, hit another 3-pointer for a 53-37 lead.
The conservancy is on the Post Road (Route 1) just south of the Rye Golf Club.
Instead he called Bill Willoughby, the celebrated failure from the class of down-underclassmen.
At 37, and halfway through her handkerchief-consuming retirement tour, she attempted to win a record 10th Wimbledon title and, in the most melodramatic match of the year, almost got it.
This is not a portrayal that the real Mr. Allen is likely to treasure.
Beneath his rather stuffy facade, the major is a vulnerable soul with a streak of playfulness.
Other market participants also attributed some gains to talk of reducing the trade deficit and to rumors that a prestigious Washington research center had predicted the Federal Reserve would ease monetary policy in July.
When they weren't digging, they camouflaged the hole with a mortar-like mash of toothpaste, soap and food.
The issue was filled with quotes from public officials denouncing the war.
"Absolutely, 100 percent, we are backing the moratorium," said Frances X. Hogan, executive vice president of Massachusetts Citizens for Life, the state's largest and oldest anti-abortion organization.
Of the 11 batters Hershiser faced, only Jon Nunnally hit the ball to the outfield.
Heat oil in nonstick skillet until it is medium hot.
" What makes the cohesion among House Republicans particularly striking is that traditionally the minority party in Congress musters more unity in opposing the majority's initiatives.
Thank you for the issue.
Freelance individuals are not qualified to determine whether someone is a traitor, and violence is condoned only if all other efforts to stop a threat are exhausted.
fines and settling suits by individual investors, caused the firm to report a $90.5 million loss for the second quarter.
Some were confused as to how they should respond, and a few, she said, were angry at her interfering with their therapy by getting cancer.
"The ironic thing is, there are jobs where there were never jobs before," added Dr. Schillinger.
The stock fell after Sybase, an 11-year old company, informed analysts that its first-quarter revenues would fall far short of expectations, in the range of $213 million to $216 million instead of the $233 million that most analysts had expected.
For, being mortal, this luxurious heart Would starve for you, my dear, I must admit, If it were held another hour apart From that food which alone can comfort it -- I am come home to you, for at the end I find I cannot live without you, friend.
Until now, Mr. Silver has pursued a strategy of not coming forward with the details on an alternative budget to the Governor's proposal.
Genderm Corp., Lincolnshire, Ill., an initial public offering of 1.875 million shares.
"I spent the whoooole day with her," he says.
We're placing our earliest orders for basic T-shirts and sweaters in Italy and Hong Kong and want to be sure of the colors and kinds of fabrics designers will be shown."
's decision, calling the move an attempted "takeover" of the center that "would be an infringement upon academic freedom and the independence of a journalism center."
Just how much alcohol is consumed by today's college students has been the subject of several studies.
Rather than buck the convention, New Jersey summer theaters are going with the rules or just not playing.
Braves 9, Rockies 7 The Atlanta Braves clinched the National League East championship last night when the Philadelphia Phillies lost to the Montreal Expos, 5-4.
"I'm confident that we can come up with a better system for caring for Medicare patients and doing it in a more economical fashion," said Charles J. Marr, president and chief executive officer of Immanuel Medical Center, a nonprofit hospital sponsored by the Lutheran Church of America.
The Jets committed a dozen penalties today, negating so many hints of possible drives.
He had undoubtedly voiced his displeasure during halftime.
In fact, most diplomats and scholars believe power has smoothly passed on to his son, Kim Jong Il, the "Dear Leader."
"There's a lot of students who deserve as many chances as possible to pass," said Ms. Van, who is an assistant in the career-advisement office at John Jay, getting in touch with recruiters and sending out students' resumes.
Gary's is only one of more than three dozen mayoral elections in larger cities around the country on Tuesday, including Baltimore, Cincinnati, Hartford, Houston, Philadelphia and San Francisco.
And the federation is scrambling to set up a communications network to compete with Rush Limbaugh and other conservatives now on radio and television.
If anyone was going to save Oklahoma State, it had to be Rutherford.
On rare occasions I have visited a private eye doctor, whose fees are not covered by my health maintenance organization.
B13 Devils reject a lease proposal.
One woman was very curious.
The most prominent is the tightening of cancellation policies when the traveler or agent has made a "guaranteed" reservation using a credit card number.
Officers called him a jerk, but he was a colorful jerk, their colorful jerk.
"The Boeing 777 is larger than the Airbus 330 by 10 percent on average, and it has a revenue earnings advantage when we put the first aircraft on the new route," he said.
The Presbyterian Church, 352 Sycamore Avenue, Shrewsbury.
It is done in the hope of quelling the rigidity, the jerking motions and the freezing in place that plague people with Parkinson's.
That is bad news, particularly since the most recent signs show that revenues in all categories are dropping.
When can a newspaper print your photograph without your knowledge?
Interestingly, like Rungius, Russell started to depict the West late in the 19th century, when most of the epochal events that shaped the land were history.
Mr. Gates received a $2.5 million advance for his book and money from subsidiary rights sales.
You don't know when you're attached to the Zeitgeist.
He said, 'Bring your tights to Ridgewood Grove.'
But that doesn't portend change.
A work like "Dejeuner sur l'Herbe" pays homage to the fetes galantes of 18th-century masters like Watteau.
The authority began in his bearing, which reflected his personality and musical command.
Syria Agrees to Meet Israel Syria has agreed to meet with Israel in a drive to find a formula for peace, Secretary of State Warren Christopher said in Damascus.
There wasn't enough money in the win pool to cover all the bets, so the track kicked in $25,923 to cover what has come to be known as a "minus pool" in the world of major winners like Serena's Song.
Vietnam almost certainly explains his reluctance to go to war in Kuwait without strong public support, his cautionary tests for deciding when American forces should be committed to a foreign conflict, his resistance to any American military intervention in the Yugoslav civil war and his salute to Mr. Reagan and Mr. Weinberger for making possible "the resurgence of the United States as a respected and credible military power" and for ending "the long estrangement between the American people and their defenders."
After attending the United States Naval Academy, he flew carrier-based light-attack planes during the Vietnam War and quickly moved up the command ladder.
He left many decisions about important details to agency officials.
The central question facing the court is whether the state law violates the Voting Rights Act, which outlaws any practice that disfranchises voters because of race.
For many families, coming up with proof-of-residency requirements, like rental agreements and utility bills, is merely an inconvenience.
The seven first-inning runs were the most for the Mets in a single inning this season, and the most in the first inning since they scored nine off San Francisco on Aug. 16, 1988.
"This man came close to being executed for a crime he did not commit," Mr. Marshall said.
"I just got a letter that said, 'We are changing your interest rate from 14.9 percent to 18.9 percent' and you can't do anything about it," he said.
The couple delight in finding ways to make clothes that can be changed by the wearer to suit her mood without adding or subtracting pieces.
But in the past seven months, Robert L. Shapiro, 52, has learned that whatever was used to kill Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald L. Goldman on the night of June 12, 1994, was not the only knife in the case.
Fifty dollars is a lot to pay for a wine with an almost unpronounceable name.
"This is my wife's grandmother, Fanny," he said quietly.
Through trades and free-agent signings, they have loaded up for one last run at the Cup in his era.
When Janet Jackson, who also performs in "Scream," joined her brother onstage, the back of her shirt read, "Pervert 2."
Rush brought out his son, his road manager and even his bus driver to wiggle their knees to a funk vamp.
Other means, within the law and reason, will then have to be found to improve conditions in our society.
There, various mythological events take place, from the rape of Proserpine to that of Europa, all done by local artists in a lush late baroque style.
to study and recommend whatever it wanted.
In particular its focus is on Chopin, Schumann and Liszt -- chiefly the 1830's, meaning the golden years of the piano repertory.
Yet he has retained his status as a concert artist, drawing some of the largest audiences jazz can muster.
"Yesterday was the first day I woke up saying Kirk Muller is ready to play hockey again."
They had a horrible experience on Wednesday when they lost by 6-0 to St. John's.
The agreement, which, if ratified by union members, would end a strike by more than 20,000 workers that so far has lasted 12 days, appeared to satisfy both sides.
SOAPBOX 15 The case against Nynex.
He was for women's right to choose, and for protecting homosexuals from discrimination in employment.
The meetings failed to budge the frozen peace negotiations.
Another new law allows the police to confiscate the license plates of anyone found driving with a license that had been suspended for drunken driving.
Municipal Government Investment Associates Inc. was cited in a two-count criminal complaint in connection with its work in restructuring more than $138 million in municipal bonds issued by Tampa, Fla., the Justice Department said.
The one company appears to be Intel's client, Packard Bell Electronics, the nation's fourth-largest maker of personal computers.
Under her leadership, math and reading scores at the school rose and the school was cited by the state Education Department in 1990 as 1 of 10 "schools that work" in New York City.
The Buckholtzes fled their vacation home in Speonk, L.I., on Thursday afternoon, a day before the wildfire that tore through thousands of acres in Suffolk County would have forced them out.
Smoking has been banned in most public buildings, at work sites and on public transportation and is becoming increasingly unacceptable in restaurants, private homes and cars.
The church sued Mr. Lerma, charging copyright infringement, and United States marshals seized his computer and 400 disks.
IF there is a stage counterpart for the new wave of dumb and dumber American movies, it's the old English sex farce.
Such artifacts, particularly those that encompass "Baby Boomerabilia," in the words of Christie's East president, Kathleen Guzman, can hook new young collectors, or so the theory goes.
Suitable for bedding or decorative hangings, table covers or shawls, the blankets are either all wool or wool and cotton.
During that time, the program has moved several thousand families, and has been credited with raising incomes and drastically lowering school dropout rates among the children.
The USA-Mobil national track and field championships begin today in Sacramento, Calif. Mike Powell, the world-record holder, and Carl Lewis, the three-time Olympic champion, have deserved reputations, but Streete-Thompson owns the world's longest jump this year at 28 feet 1 inch.
In July, Viacom gobbled up Paramount.
"I don't believe that women are titillated in the way men are by these overt, sexy articles," she said.
On the other hand, they don't want to miss out on the fun if the market keeps rising.
It appears that longstanding tensions between Mr. Izetbegovic and his Prime Minister, Haris Silajdzic, have deepened.
White, called the airline's violations the worst he had seen in his 16 years with the agency.
She sings the show's one original number, "Joyless Street," a sort of neo-country-and-western number with music by Tony Stavick and lyrics by Mr. Quinton.
Still, Officer Colon, like others interviewed, said that if Mr. Bratton left his post, it would mean a tremendous loss to the city and the department.
This photo of Robert F. Kennedy was taken in California in March 1968, three months before his assassination.
Now, as these two giants break into the lucrative short-haul long-distance market, the clamor is starting all over again.
The only Rutgers student present was a reporter for the Camden campus newspaper.
It is a world without bodies.
I didn't want to drive it in the rain so I had it shipped over on the back of a flatbed truck.
An assistant to Andrew Wylie, Mr. Roth's agent, also voiced objections.
She wrote it on my old Lincoln passbook.
Instead, Roberto Diaz and Rafael Cintron ended up in jail, charged with money laundering and drug possession, based on traces of cocaine and marijuana detected in the luggage.
"We are in touch with San Francisco law-enforcement authorities and are exchanging information," Daniel J. Castleman, chief of the District Attorney's investigation division, said yesterday.
Searching for savings in Federal spending, President Clinton had considered eliminating a Cabinet agency, possibly the housing department, but chose instead to make drastic cuts to four agencies.
Bobby Holik grew up in Slovakia playing hockey for his father, Jaroslav.
Bring the sauce to a boil.
said it would not, and is now standing by its original decision.
Under a plan advanced by the Pentagon and eventually adopted by the other agencies, civilian customers in these countries could import computers slower than 7,000 MTOP's without Commerce Department review and approval.
Arthur E. Imperatore is the chairman of Arcorp.
Mr. Jones is a rogue in a league with few others, except the Oakland Raiders' Al Davis, who successfully challenged the N.F.L.
Each of the 19 rooms, most furnished with a mix of modern and antique pieces, is strikingly different.
Or at least, he was staring at them -- one of the scientists actually recognized the squids behind their camouflage.
records, document systematic abuse of the criminal justice system, from Mr. Hoover's clandestine campaign to smear Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to the conviction in 1980 of two former top F.B.I.
We share a common humanity -- we're one big happy family.
His friend, Charles Farrell, a town official from Tioga, chimed in: "100 percent."
And because of social stigma and fears surrounding AIDS, infected people sometimes have a difficult time renting from landlords or staying with family and friends, they said.
5 Preparing for a slow process of rebuilding in Bosnia.
On Christmas Day of 1966, half an inch fell on top of seven inches of snow that was already on the ground, and the page 1 story on the weather in The Times carried an informative subheading, "Many Parties Canceled," and described the angst of a Park Slope hostess who wondered what to do with her 10 Cornish hens if no company came.
They literally flew through the air.
"A lot of them say that their Dads won't let them touch the trains at home."
Had the rooster pulls not been discovered by the animal-rights movement, it is likely that they would soon have died out on their own.
Either way, McIlvaine will not act before he is ready.
Mrs. Weaver was unarmed and was holding the couple's infant child when she was shot dead.
Kevin Harrington and Delfon Robins face life sentences.
Federal nutrition standards for school lunch would be eliminated; states would set their own standards.
TERESA WYSZOMIERSKI Maspeth, Queens, Aug. 17, 1995
But it made no difference.
"We are simply acknowledging," he said later, "that where we are right now, a lot of people have to take action on their own to protect themselves."
There were also unexpected buyers, many of whom had never bid at an auction before.
Following are grants made by Steven Spielberg through his Righteous Persons Foundation: American Jewish Committee (Los Angeles chapter), $67,400; Anne Frank House (Amsterdam), $250,000; Anne Frank Remembered, $150,000; B'nai B'rith Youth Organization, $75,000 per year for two years; Boy Scouts of America, $6,000; Frederic Brenner Project, $50,000; Cracow Jewish Youth Center, $14,000; Facing History and Ourselves, $295,000; Fortunoff Video Archive for Holocaust Testimonies at Yale University, $200,000 in 1995, then $100,000 per year for three years; Foundation for Jewish Campus Life (formerly National Hillel Foundation), $153,500 a year for two years; Genesis Series, $100,000 (for Bill Moyers to complete 10-part series for public television); The Hating Pot, $175,000 (for filming of a piece by Elizabeth Swados on racism and anti-Semitism); Jewish Foundation for Christian Rescuers/ADL, $50,000 per year for three years; Jewish Volunteer "Peace Corps," $75,000 per year for three years; Los Angeles Jewish Youth Theater, $15,000; Maccabi Youth Games, $2,500 (for international Jewish youth athletic competition in Los Angeles); Elizabeth Marvin, $2,950 grant (to help a teacher from South Carolina attend an international study tour on the "Lessons of the Holocaust"); Museum of Jewish Heritage, $1 million; National Yiddish Book Center, $125,000 per year for two years; New Leaders Project, $15,000 (to help expand Jewish leadership development program for young adults); Operation Unity, $2,725 (to cosponsor a trip to Israel for inner- city youths); Project Judaica, $75,000 per year for two years (for Washington group's effort to document hidden Jewish artifacts in the former Soviet Union); Survival in Sarajevo, $15,000 (to help publish a book of photographs by Edward Serotta); Religion-Justice Connection Grant (5760 Project), $20,000; San Francisco Holocaust Oral History Project, $50,000 a year for two years; Skirball Cultural Center, $25,000; Survivors of the Shoah Visual History Foundation, $3 million; Synagogue 2000, $100,000 per year for three years, and United States Holocaust Museum, long-term grant yielding $3 million.
And he knew that there were people in his domain who would hassle me and that there would be times when I was afraid.
In fact, Seles trails only Graf, 4-6, in career head-to-head encounters.
Is Mr. Gingrich, who has been Speaker of the House for five months, preparing to run for President?
A board appointed by Gov.
Many visitors seem unable to explain exactly why they are there, except that seeing their heroes in, uh, semiperson makes them feel closer to the enticing notion of celebrity.
Its hull sports a lavish graphic of a mermaid painted by the American pop artist, Roy Lichtenstein.
Bill Vincent, owner of Yesteryears Restaurant, is upset because the zoning laws prevent him from building a back entrance from his parking lot.
This creative tug-of-war is standard during the editing of a major motion picture.
Then a gruff voice soared out, "Somebody give that kid a gift, will ya?"
"We put pressure on them and did a real good job.
Standing in the almond grove, the Indian commander sent in to direct the troops sweeping through the town's ruins gave an account that placed the blame for the fires squarely on the Muslim militants and on Pakistan.
Although the musicians say they do not foresee a strike immediately, they are to meet tomorrow afternoon after the dress rehearsal for the opening concert to vote on strike authorization.
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and the New York City Board of Education show no signs of letting up in their brawl over the selection of the next schools chancellor.
Tony Neumann and Claude and Jackie Stanley are three of the thousands of workers laid off in recent years by Briggs & Stratton, Milwaukee's biggest employer.
The company also realized a $6 million loss on its stake in the Fort Howard Corporation, a paper goods manufacturer.
His father was a sales representative in New York for the Kohler Company, the manufacturer of plumbing fixtures.
Bryan Stevenson is paid $27,000 a year, a fraction of what he would get elsewhere.
Banks are allowed to sell annuities under certain circumstances, and the Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that these sales may be regulated by Federal bank regulators rather than state insurance commissioners.
Notre Dame (4-2) won the first game between the Irish and Huskies since 1949 by coming back twice.
Then she puts one end of the cellophane wrapper between her teeth and pulls.
Mr. Kinzler retired from Macy's in 1979 and joined Fay & Allen's Foodworks on the Upper East Side as vice president of marketing.
"To me, this is like 'A Night at the Opera,' " Mr. Fuchs added, "and I'm waiting for Bill Bennett to enter as Groucho Marx."
GARDNER-WEBB -- Announced the resignation of Mark Hannuksela, women's basketball coach.
Prices of Treasury securities bounced higher yesterday, erasing early losses after a breakthrough in trade negotiations with the Japanese buoyed the dollar.
"It gives you a thrill; it really does.
In 1983, he was hired to sell international bonds in New York by James L. Massey, a legendary Salomon trader, who told friends at the firm he was mildly surprised by how involved Mr. Maughan's wife was in the negotiations leading up to his hiring.
Afterward, he said that a methodical buildup with 21 Ra1, followed by 22 Ra2 and 23 Raf2, would have been the correct way to press his initiative.
Burundi has been unstable since the murder of its first freely elected President, Melchior Ndadaye, a Hutu, in 1993.
His "time has been eaten up by his community service, teaching kids in school, with his disease, getting treatment for his disease, and spending time with his family," as well as on charitable activities, Kam Kuwata, a spokesman for Mr. Milken, said.
B11 Yankees swept by White Sox.
The litany of lower interest rates, increased employment, passage of Nafta and GATT is familiar, yet many members of the business community are still carping about President Clinton.
The hitting came from Brett Butler, who doubled and scored in the first, and Jose Vizcaino, who had three hits, including a run-scoring double in the second.
But the new availability of domestic fattened duck livers gave chefs, and not just the French contingent, a new American delicacy with ample creative possibilities.
There are also researchers who maintain that lead is insignificant compared with other factors that can adversely affect intelligence.
Finding one with depth of feeling is truly a cause to celebrate.
Some creeks have dried, dooming their fish.
"The media, the front office, myself at times get spoiled when we have a Ken Griffey Jr. and a Don Mattingly come up and do it from Day One," Woodward said.
"I can say that we have indications that we caused severe damage to some of those targets," said Group Capt.
New Palestinian Proposal The P.L.O.
Tentative plans, other officials said, call for her to spend three days in China, but Mr. Wu's release came too late to complete arrangements for the First Lady to visit Mongolia, Thailand and Cambodia, as was once planned.
Tours highlighting the garden's fall foliage, pumpkin picking and hayrides will be part of a harvest festival on Saturday and Sunday from 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. A seasonal marketplace will be open on Saturdays and Sundays through Oct. 29.
Most major hotels expect to be repaired and open for the winter season if they are not open already.
One of the major themes announced by Mr. Peres, which is also expected to figure large in the platform he will announce in Parliament on Wednesday, was to bridge the divide between religious and secular Jews.
Navy Seals contend with a violent religious movement.
In both cases, the General's policies have been criticized by some analysts who have charged that he is always fighting the last war.
In the world of hardened convicts, forced sex between prisoners is a constant danger, and a common tactic angry inmates use to taunt officers is to throw human feces and urine at them.
If we can't give it away, we'll destroy the buildings and keep some cattle on the land."
As school issues become submerged in city, state or national issues, school board candidates will align themselves with parties or higher-level candidates.
The crew has been accused of 15 murders, including two assassinations that took place during an internal war for control of the Colombo family in 1991, in addition to charges that it maintained a routine of drug-running, extortion and gambling.
Paul (The Ultimate) Vaden and Terrible Terry Norris, both of San Diego, were said to have an intense dislike for each other, which lent edgy anticipation to their junior middleweight fight.
The attacks on the camp and the other locations came as the Bosnian Serbs and the Government's troops, backed by regular Croatian Army troops, stepped up the struggle for territory in northwest Bosnia.
A. I've lived here seven years; before, we lived in Paris and Africa.
"Lou," Steinbrenner said to Lou Piniella, his manager of the moment, "I just won you the pennant.
But mostly I drank espresso and pondered the end-of-summer orgy I have in mind for some fine Sunday, when the sun is setting over the charred ruins of the St. George Hotel.
The meeting was called for 10 A.M. -- an unseemly hour for nocturnal types -- and one of the miracles of the photo was that so many of them came at all.
White Stadium, to which they had just returned from a game in Daytona Beach.
PATAKI SIGNS BILL RAISING SPEED LIMIT Governor Pataki signed into law a 65-mile-per-hour speed limit for 1,100 miles of the state's highways that is to take effect Aug. 1, vowing that the police would enforce the new limit more vigilantly than the current limit.
So there would no more miracles this season for Messier, who had provided plenty last season.
As word leaked out in recent days that the companies were in negotiations, reaction was divided into two camps.
"This was bitter, bitter medicine for them; a lot of face was involved."
Despite the horrors of that decade, Ms. Drayton-Thomason, 33, now the mother of six, is cautiously optimistic.
Two small San Francisco agencies, MacDaniels Henry & Sproul and Zuckerman/Fernandes & Partners, have merged to form Zuckerman Fernandes MacDaniels & Sproul.
"Now he gets all the attention from the defensive schemes," said O'Brien.
Campbell was Keenan's loyal assistant when the Messier-Keenan bond brought success.
in "Bring It on Home to Me," it is Mr. Rawls who, in the "call and respond" style of gospel, shouts "Yeah!"
Justice Snyder, whose ruling came in response to a pretrial motion by the defense, also determined that the prosecutor had failed to support charges of official misconduct because Officer Kennedy had shown no intention of taking drug money, even though he saw money after entering the apartment.
"He would certainly have existed as a writer without Fanny," she said.
But last month the PBS governance pendulum swung the other way and knocked Ms. Lawson off her power perch.
In her 1975 short stories "The Animal-Lovers Book of Beastly Murder," the people were killed by animals.
While the Medical Examiner had not officially established the cause of death, police officials said Ms. Timbrook had apparently died of an overdose of fentanyl, a painkiller normally given to patients before surgery.
A1 FINAL DAYS OF FREDDY'S The day before a gunman-arsonist turned a Harlem clothing store into an inferno that killed seven employees and himself, the store's owner told a court that physical attacks appeared to be imminent.
And Hamdo just kept talking and smiling all the time.
The city has long allowed high school students to take a light schedule for a handful of good reasons, such as needing only a few credits to graduate, or participating in a vocational school work-study program.
But it only happens through careful preparation.
Diplomats say they believe that some of these were hard-core armed Hutu militiamen who surrounded themselves with civilians, mostly women and children.
He had met Mr. McVeigh several times along the gun show circuit, Mr. Moore told investigators, and the bombing suspect had occasionally stayed at his house during his frequent travels.
Through it all, Blackwood managed to turn out a remarkable string of books.
Mr. Versella says newer members don't realize what he's up against.
In March 1992, court records say, Peter Juvelis, an art broker from Mexico and Fort Lauderdale, Fla., consigned for sale by Christie's auction house in New York a Homer watercolor for a client, Georgina Maldonado.
Heat three tablespoons of the butter in a heavy skillet and cook the onion until it is soft.
A late-night commuter awoke on a Metro-North train early this morning to find a man molesting her, the railroad police said, and they were investigating the incident to see if it was related to previous attacks on the trains.
A new requirement is that taxpayers must have a receipt from a charity for any gift of $250 or more.
The phone, installed when Mr. Ferguson was acting as his own lawyer, was removed after his conviction on Feb. 17, jail officials said.
Mr. Pataki charged that his Democratic opponent, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, was secretly trying to increase spending on welfare and health care programs by $1 billion or more.
"There's no doubt in my mind that Stephen Jones views this to be a horrible crime," said Tony M. Graham, a former Federal prosecutor who often vied with Mr. Jones before entering private practice.
Such pressure clearly has results.
"I think it's time we sent a message," said Senator Alan K. Simpson, Republican of Wyoming, even as he acknowledged potential problems involving free speech.
"If I stepped on the line, I didn't realize it," she said, adding that she would not let today's qualification take away from her victory at 100 meters.
In other fixed-income market news, the Student Loan Marketing Association, also known as Sallie Mae, a federally chartered, publicly held company, has asked Congress to let it convert to the private sector.
1," it has sold a million copies, propelling White Zombie's growling hard rock to the arena circuit after 10 years of club shows.
For several non-controversial hours on a clear Colorado afternoon, Nebraska overcame the passion and the noise of a game that has come to define its season.
"I would go easy on the youths," he said.
It was the lowest reading since the Labor Department began publishing the index in 1982.
This is because they have mistaken Los Angeles for a city.
Janet Cam has assumed Mme.
"He liked my work," he said.
Yesterday was the sixth straight session of below-average volume.
"I knew he had a sick wife, just recovering from a stroke," the worker said.
The company said late on Wednesday that it would exchange 0.57 of a BRE share for each share of REIT of California, totaling about $178 million.
The husband, Robert Distel, said he would use part of the cash settlement to help find a cure for the disease.
And at the moment it does not have the $500 that Vladimir A. Shcherbakov entrusted to it.
"I went to Detroit and I saw the Mayor and I told him that we are turning Changchun into another Detroit, making this our own Motor City.
The court's decision means that immigrants can speak and associate as freely as citizens and that they need not fear deportation for their political views."
Your family was your life, though you rarely saw them.
The nation's largest teacher's union called yesterday for the United States to follow the lead of European countries by instituting a common academic curriculum and a national examination for high school students.
For example, at Life Safer Interlock, an alcohol-detection leasing company in Cincinnati, Richard C. Freund, the marketing manager, considers his technicians "case managers."
The gray monochrome field ringed with a bright necklace of colored disks in "Dark Devi" looks mandalalike, though its surface is implanted with little ball bearings.
Once upon a time in New York City there was a little zoo in Central Park that was less a zoo than a child's picture book made manifest.
The number of boat people fleeing Haiti for Florida is again on the rise.
The nuns, seeing their work as a calling from God, have always been here, in partnership with whichever bureaucracy ran the place.
The legislation still faces action by the House, but the Senate hopes to complete action on Thursday.
She said she had seen her male relatives in ditches, "but they don't roll around like little piggies."
When it comes to American books, however, the Germans' tenor changes.
Today, most of the summer cottages surrounding the lake are winterized, year-round dwellings.
When you play as lousy as we were playing, you're not going to win any games.
Instead, it is the mayors and governors themselves who seem most prepared to give up and let poor families fend for themselves.
Orekhovo (it means "nuts" in Russian) has few houses that have not been bombed, but few that have been completely destroyed.
"Everybody was standing under the canopies and the trees," Officer Reilly said.
Even the shirkhand I have been looking forward to is a disappointment.
In the winter, well, except for the deer, the runways don't see much action.
Weirdest creation: Lucky the dead dog, muttering to itself darkly after having been run over by a car.
Luis Sojo cracked a leadoff double in the third inning, but Martinez retired the next three batters.
As he almost always does in such settings, Mr. Clinton partied this weekend till the last dog died, joining other celebrants around a piano at the Hyatt Regency hotel here to sing old favorites like "Down by the Old Mill Stream.
Mr. Imus, the radio talk show host, complained that the Senator could no longer be goaded into "hideously inappropriate" remarks.
The publications, in Connecticut and Rhode Island, are being bought from Capital Cities and are part of its New England Newspaper Group.
But later, with the economy booming again, he urged President Lyndon B. Johnson to reverse the cut and raise taxes, a step Johnson delayed taking.
A 48-page booklet in English and German called "Bad Ragaz," listing hotels and excursions, is available free of charge from the Swiss National Tourist Office, 608 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10020; (212) 757-5944.
Outside the jury's presence, Judge Ito thwarted the defense's latest effort to question two journalists in its effort to show a police conspiracy against Mr. Simpson.
Mr. Tufo also announced that Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan is seeking a $14 million matching grant for 1996 as part of the renewal of the Federal Water Resources Development Act.
Should they be the black gabardines he chose the only time he wore the jacket, or the mustard-colored slacks, with the cuffs, that he has never worn before?
But baseball is still a golden goose, no matter what the owners might say.
The number is (800) 905-1514.
A decade ago the water jet enthusiasts sought to demonstrate the technology by creating on campus a half-scale partial reproduction of Stonehenge, the rings of stone columns erected many centuries ago on Salisbury Plain in England.
One of those incidents, in 1987,involved Joseph Britton, a black teen-ager accused of robbing a bank customer.
Selig and Fehr proceeded to speak by telephone over the course of several days, but the owners did not seem to be in a hurry to schedule a new round of bargaining.
I'll try to make that day come as quickly as possible."
While Ms. Danielle has been with "Cats" since its opening, she began as an understudy and then played Demeter before replacing Ms. King.
Dr. Masumi Minowa, a director at the Institute of Public Health, showed in a 1993 survey that his teen-age research assistants dressed in school uniforms were able to buy cigarettes at store counters 90 percent of the time.
As the choices began to narrow, Kertess would ask Saltz to act as a backup pair of critical eyes; Saltz, with no gallery to represent and no circle of artist friends to push, could speak frankly to Kertess.
He graduated from the University of Paris in 1948 with a degree in chemistry and physics, and began his career at the Institut Oenologique de Champagne in Epernay.
And in Denver, city and county officials have just received notices saying that the S.E.C.
President George Bush designated Mr. Caucci a "point of light" after he shipped a truckload of Christmas trees to American troops in Saudi Arabia just before the Persian Gulf War.
All activities are free; they run from 2 to 4 P.M. Take the No.
Apparently Mr. Manocherian had changed his plans in the intervening years: his architect, Schuman, Lichtenstein, Claman & Efron, gave the building a new, reflective glass skin and an 11-story addition.
The Yankees acquired Cone, who apparently has become the ultimate pennant-race pitcher to pursue, from Toronto for three minor league pitchers, and they obtained outfielder Ruben Sierra from Oakland for the unhappy Danny Tartabull.
The changes are to take effect Jan. 1, 1996.
3 MEN ARE ARRESTED IN CARJACKING When three Bronx men missed the last train home from Mount Kisco last September, they could have returned to a friend's house nearby.
That comes with not taking your hitting behind the plate with you.
Noah's has been a local hangout for many years.
He prepared the dish and, looking for someplace to taste it undisturbed, walked over to the dishwashing room, where he placed the splendid-looking meal on a milk crate.
"The Donald Southwell departure shows that problems with sales practices have got management attention," said Mark Puccia, the chief life insurance analyst at Standard & Poor's, a rating agency.
He took it and thanked me with a bow."
To underscore his assertion that "Saatchi & Saatchi is under new control," Mr. Saatchi asked Graham Howell, corporate secretary, to convey his decision not to Charles Scott, chief executive, but to David Herro, who led the American and British institutional investors in their successful revolt.
We can then take the name Yankee Stadium off and put up Bomber Stadium, and call the new team the Bronx Bombers.
The Greek-inspired ceilings derived from Robert Wood's "Ruins of Palmyra" (a source also used by Robert Adam), and on the walls of the stairway are several biblical scenes.
"They had dark, severe suits, baggy but tapered at the ankles," she said.
But when the hall reopened, many of us who had been connected to it were not surprised to realize that some of the acoustical magic had disappeared.
"Basically, all the political parties supported each other, and they lost."
Kmart has sold off its Borders Group Inc. bookstore chain, its Officemax Inc. office supply chain and the Sports Authority, a sporting goods chain.
In one episode, Ms. Carlson stood stiffly in a wedding gown, as if imprisoned in it, while simply dressed women danced gracefully around her.
He will be appearing for several days on "Today" on NBC.
But it is symbolic, on a day like this, of what is now transpiring."
"He told me Paul is going to get up from the ground and go back to the classroom," she said.
Did he know of her case?
Or, rather, that's the way of competitive markets -- the price of encouraging innovation and growth.
A thousand feet beneath this village, on the southern fringe of the Retsof Salt Mine, a roof slab larger than the field at Yankee Stadium fell to the floor.
In many cases, Mr. Holtzman said, even before a leak becomes visible, there may be damage occurring to the wood decking underneath the roof and perhaps even the interior walls.
And even when he lost yardage, other teams feared that with his water bug quickness, sooner or later he would escape for a long gain.
"Snackwell's has been an awesome line for RJR Nabisco, and it's not surprising that the brand would be extended," said Terry Bivens, a food analyst at Donald & Company, commenting on the report.
That the Million Man March could take place is a testament to America's openness.
As the first quarter of 1995 ended, Serfin's past-due loans were 83 percent higher than in the previous year.
The performers most likely to succeed are those who respond most openly and honestly to the text rather than try to impose attitudes or theories on it.
His L.A. town house had been destroyed by the earthquake.
Mr. Ekeus said that before he could make any recommendations on the sanctions he would have to oversee additional inspections and tests based on new information supplied by Baghdad -- "thousands and thousands and thousands of documents."
Dead or alive, the threat of decertification obviously had an impact on the meeting and the union leadership.
They said they were especially concerned about the fate of men and boys.
Time is the critical component, Mr. Karin said, because the history of computing shows that performance always increases and cost always falls if one waits long enough.
Part of the bleakness may reflect the fact that they were built by real estate developers, not show biz folk.
Now, researchers have found a much easier way to extract sperm: by aspirating them through a thin needle in a $1,000 procedure simple enough to be done in a doctor's office.
Kmart owned all of Borders before its May 25 public offering.
More than 90 percent of Alzheimer's patients develop the disease after the age of 65, and some studies suggest that about half of everyone over the age of 85 is afflicted.
The leading alternative is Netscape Navigator, from Netscape Communications Inc. Netscape Navigator, which was developed by several members of the team that created the original Mosaic, is currently the best-selling commercial Web browser.
There may have been better freshman quarterbacks performances through the years at the rickety old Orange Bowl, but not in opposing uniforms.
They argue that looking at disparities alone does not take into account factors like the state of a local economy and housing stock.
-- Fined Reggie Miller of Indiana $5,000 for attempting to start an altercation with Charles Smith of New York following a game Tuesday night.
But the more haimish N.B.A.
Though gratified by his English success, he suffers from a feeling of alienation from his native culture.
We had no trouble finding an adequate hotel -- not wonderful, but very centrally located.
George E. Pataki will be the keynote speaker at the Westchester County Association dinner meeting on Thursday at the Rye Town Hilton, 699 Westchester Avenue in Rye Brook.
1 is that people have to put their hands in their pockets."
It was Vander Wal's fifth homer this season, his fourth as a pinch-hitter.
Now, with one game left, the player with the longest emotional connection to the Gators expects to have little problem separating his emotions from the job to be done.
4th, Michael Moss and Bjorn Fallenius of Manhattan and Gunnar Hallberg and Hakan Nilsson of Sweden, 34.
WITH: Aedin Moloney (Mary Boyle), Pauline Flanagan (Juno Boyle), John Keating (Johnny Boyle), Jim Cunningham Jr. (Jerry Devine), W. B. Brydon (Captain Boyle), Risteard Cooper (Joxer Daly), Michael Judd (Charles Bentham), Terry Donnelly (Mrs. Maisie Madigan), Fidelma Murphy (Mrs. Tancred), Christopher Carrick (Needle Nugent), Andrew Crawford (Furniture Removal Man), Anthony Fox (An Irregular) and Charles Lamont (Neighbor).
Moreover, the perception is that in the early going he has been pandering to the right at the expense of the more moderate voters he must count on next November.
has given 225 of the 435 members its top ratings in terms of support for its causes.
Since then, a number of local rock bands have discovered that putting up posters for their concerts may mean a night in jail, after which they are instructed to return for a court date.
Northern Iraq has been a power vacuum ever since the U.S. banned Saddam Hussein from governing there.
Some SoHo galleries have given up on openings entirely -- the gallery-hopping of the 80's simply became too popular, and some gallery owners no longer feel up to giving a party for several hundred strangers.
She did not see them get out of a car or a truck as they walked across the parking lot and into the shop.
These days, Mr. Connelly is the national legislative director of the National Association of Retired and Veteran Railway Employees, a Federally chartered nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving railroad retirement benefits.
They have offices in London and Paris; they raise money wherever Tamil immigrants concentrate, particularly in Australia, Britain and Germany.
Maloney, who crossed that water after a Ranger playing career, replaced Bill Torrey as general manager in 1992.
Saturday, 3 P.M.: Readings and original music by Dr. Jack Litten.
Patrick Johnson, the ballet's sensuous beast of prey, gets to maul Simone Cardoso and Lorraine Graves, the two lead gazelles, in stylized fashion (over that insufficient water hole, one presumes).
"For the purification of the soul, the body has to be restored."
"Some people believe the Prime Minister should step down."
Judge Teeple said that when Mr. Nichols appeared for a hearing he refused to approach the bench.
"They taste wonderful," Mr. Pappas said.
With corrective surgery "I now function at 100 percent," he said.
Studies still document that noncustodial parents (the often-used euphemism for fathers) rarely pay child support after the first year; the "partial payments" they make are often contemptibly small sums of money.
Admission $5.30; under 18, students and pensioners $2.85.
There is a 19th-century sitting room (including a desk that belonged to the poet Heinrich Heine) from a house not far from Munich.
"It's been an extraordinarily controversial shipment."
"It's not fair," said Carol Boddie, the P.T.A.
Mr. Harp was remembered by Griffin High School teachers as a slight youth of 5 feet 6 who stood out mostly for taking part in the school's R.O.T.C.
"We definitely need Derrick here, but not until he gets healthy."
A young man barely out of law school tries to expose a corporation's multibillion-dollar scam.
In the interest of moving to a better performer, Mr. Brill is switching from Calvert Investment's global equity fund to Citizens Global Equity, formerly known as Working Assets Global Equity.
B9 Obituaries D21 David D. Thompson, former director of New York Hospital.
The sham amendment would do nothing to mitigate the carnage.
The President, he noted drily, "did not mention how many lobbyists contributed to his legal defense fund."
(That the Americans are Southerners locked into rigid racial and sex roles is hardly incidental.)
" That the festival finds itself on Broadway with Shakespeare for the first time since 1972, when Sam Waterston and Kathleen Widdoes starred in "Much Ado About Nothing," is in no small measure due to Mr. Stewart.
After all, there are topless carwashes and topless maid services somewhere out there, but who'd ever heard of a topless deli?
The emotional center of the work is a photograph of Ms. Goldin's battered face after she was beaten by a boyfriend.
The area codes are 516, 212, 718, most of 914 and some of 203 and 917, which is primarily for cellular phones and pagers.
He actually believed that his penis had been stolen and had come to get it back."
It was outrageous but I think it's been cleaned up since then.
A child has only 12 years in school."
I think I'm a big part of this team.
In northern Iraq, fighting was reported among rival Kurdish groups, adding another dimension to the fighting in the region.
His bewildered audience, mostly made up of middle-aged Russian bureaucrats and campaign workers, did not.
The financial markets showed little reaction after the employment report was released this morning, although stocks and bonds slipped later in the day.
The state has lived in political limbo for nearly three years since the accusations against Mr. Packwood were first made public.
Mr. Tarnoff continued: "I don't claim we have a meeting of the minds on the Taiwan issue.
Twenty years ago, an ore carrier broke apart in a gale on Lake Superior, carrying 29 crewmen to their deaths and inspiring the GORDON LIGHTFOOT ballad "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald."
You seem fixated on teacher preparation periods and sabbatical leaves.
ROMARIO, one of the forwards who led Brazil to the World Cup championship, will move from Barcelona to Flamengo as soon as the transfer fee is deposited.
"Diane Itter: A Retrospective" remains at the American Craft Museum, 50 West 53d Street, Manhattan, through Oct. 1.
The closest shopping mall is in Nanuet, six miles away.
Jesse D. Taylor, the Navy pilot who torpedoed the submarine a half-century ago, said the discovery was a surprise.
And he added that no legislation would be proposed until after Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr. and other city officials testify before a joint meeting of the subcommittees on Wednesday on the District's financial situation, which has been eroding for years.
And his health is fine.
"With purple smoke from the incense and poor lighting in the building, one can barely see one's own feet," the reporter wrote in a article today.
Ramos is making a comeback from the fractured skull he suffered in the loss to eventual champion Brazil in the second round of the World Cup in July.
Instead, drawing upon the destruction they have seen on campus, their imaginations conjure up what it must have been like.
Snap the ends off the asparagus where they break naturally.
OLD WORLD BREWING COMPANY, 2070 Victory Boulevard, Castleton Corners, S.I., (718) 370-0551.
Let us open our hearts to the grace that makes all good things possible and acknowledge God's care for our world.
" Richard Conn, Usery's spokesman, said the mediator was not available for comment on any matter today.
"Infant mental health is a relatively new field, as is our understanding of the differences between healthy adjustment and problems in these early years," Dr. Greenspan added.
But it won't add up to being more significant than the wide-body."
In fact, in an affair replete with losers, the only clear winner today appeared to be King Hussein.
The contact is not always so summary.
"No one knew where to begin," Mrs. Winter said, adding that Ms. Izard helped her students find and prepare stories to be shared.
With the economic decline that followed the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe now reversed, many companies are increasing production and enjoying their first taste of profits.
"The Way We Live Now" is one of them.
The Treasury's definitions in the Clinton Administration are essentially those used in the Reagan and Bush years, and the Congressional methods employed now are more or less those used when Democrats controlled Congress.
An executive for the Japanese company has already pleaded guilty in the case, Federal officials say.
The move was initiated after a board member of the German central bank had warned that a threatened strike by the huge metal workers' union, I. G. Metall, could lead to an inflationary wage settlement that would send interest rates higher.
You'd have to be a Svengali to figure it out."
b-Included special gains of $ 243 million, or $ 2.95 a share, related to the successful settlement of an antitrust suit and the redemption of debentures held by the company.On a comparable basis, 1994 fourth quarter net income and earnings per share increased by $ 36.4 million and 33 cents, respectively, compared with the fourth quarter of 1993.c-Included $ 3,928,000,000 gain on debt discharge.
Yet it can be found in "Body Language: Jewelry and Accessories," an exhibition at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum through Aug. 20.
Jeff Reboulet scored four times.
Anderson, who finished with 19 points, nailed a 3-pointer from the left wing with 13.9 seconds left and the Magic ahead by only 2.
These include being born into families that have no history of the disease and having babies, preferably before 20 and certainly by 30, and the more babies the better.
L'Ancre d'Or, 23 Rue du Fosse, 47.29.73, is a tidy brasserie just off the Place Guillaume.
Then, in August 1992, the medication cost him his job.
Until Lyn Chase, a Folgers coffee heiress, became president in 1986, there weren't any Jews or blacks on the academy's board, which runs the business side.
He is said by some reports to be partly blind, have scars on his hands from explosive burns and travel first class using five different names, often accompanied by dutiful lieutenants.
On our return, I wrote a strong letter of complaint to ABC about some of our inadequate accommodations and, even more important, the practice of imprisoning the tour members in various rug and luggage shops while we waited to see the sights.
The seven pieces were each 10 to 20 minutes long and were written to fit the All-Stars' lineup: clarinet, cello, electric guitar, piano, bass and percussion.
He once taught Mrs. Waldholtz election law and political reform.
This was passing as good news last week at the 41st annual CBS affiliates meeting here.
Over all, July's figures stand in sharp contrast to just a month earlier.
Now, it is up to the State Senate to do the same.
The new menu retains signature dishes like lemon pasta ($15), the vegetable platter ($16) and free-range chicken ($18).
"This Mayor is determined to improve the quality of the bench, and there were other judges who were clearly well qualified."
Ms. Mullen said that her social worker said that "everything was still up in the air."
Praxair said that it was not sure whether it would keep the two units, or sell them.
That drive so impressed the NBC announcer Bob Trumpy (a longtime Esiason supporter) that he proclaimed it the best opening drive he had seen in five years.
Letters to parents detailing their options frequently go unanswered.
They offer the mailing addresses of Montana's Congressmen in Washington.
For reservations, call 723-3312 or 725-1678.
"Things were a little rocky in the first inning, but then I was fine.
"I'm very, very happy about the doctoral theses," she said.
Dr. Gundry said that pig blood types are more similar to human types than those of other animals and that pigs are less likely to have mysterious viruses because of a history of close contact with people.
"I should not have to apologize for Mike doing what he has been coached to do," Paterno said.
The Senate approved $1.9 billion in spending and called for that amount to be cut from existing military programs.
Some of Newt's ideas, we disagree with strongly -- prayer in the school, family values, the Christian Right.
Coach Colin Campbell has dropped him from the first forward line and fit him in here and there in various combinations.
"You might as well stop the debate now," he said, "because term limits can't pass under this rule, so why prolong the charade?"
About half the cabins don't have TV sets -- we want one of those cabins -- and there's always a wonderful assortment of pots and pans.
Mr. Gonzalez, 28, is a benefits manager at Columbia, from which he received his bachelor's degree and at which he is studying for a master's degree in public administration.
The sudden hostilities dashed any good will established yesterday in Judge J. Norris Harding's courtroom here and appeared to doom prospects for a quick end to the contract dispute between the turnpike and its 1,500 toll collectors and maintenance workers.
In 1994, the association had $469 million in revenue: $146 million from members' dues, $102 million from group health insurance, $47 million from advertising in its publications, $86 million in Federal grants, $24 million in interest income and $64 million from other activities.
"Let's go out there and do what we can do -- play football.
Still, Mr. Cohen remained the controlling shareholder.
So Mr. Dole came back with a list that showed there had been 24 filibusters against nominees since 1968, including a couple Mr. Kennedy had led.
But then Cone got the second out, inducing the aforementioned Martinez to hit a grounder to shortstop.
The parking meter had expired.
TRANSPORTATION Metro-North New Haven Line on regular schedule.
If the stake sales are successful, Mr. Wu, 59, would certainly be able to satisfy his bankers and investors.
If it does start raining again sometime soon, seeding is possible, but only if the newly laid seed is watered at least through October.
Do butterflies and moths do a significant amount of pollination, or are they just lightweights that let the bees do all the real work?
"We have all these great poets, musicians and actors, so we thought we'd spill out into the neighborhood to let people know what we're really about," said Donna Walker-Collins, director of community affairs for the theater, which is at 425 Lafayette Street.
b-Included gain from discontinued operations of $ 2,788,000, or 6 cents a share, in third quarter.
Call 486-4460 for more information.
"Hopefully, the pain will be gone by then."
Merrill Lynch & Co. Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc., Baltimore, Md., an initial public offering of 3.75 million shares.
But with car markets relatively healthy, Chrysler is generating more cash, and if it believes its own forecasts of steady car and truck sales this year and next, some big investors wonder why it is inclined to keep so much money on hand.
I think the success is due to the mix of people involved," Ms. Wintour said -- not only Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren and Donna Karan, for example, but also Jayne Wrightsman and Elton John.
Strength in the shares of Daido Steel Sheet contributed to the gains.
The backup DAMON BENNING was accused of pushing around a former girlfriend Sept. 9, but no charges were filed.
"It would be a godsend," said a woman named Bonnie Brooks Sanchez, who has five children living at home, and whose husband was laid off last month.
On the chair are 18-inch-square silk pillows ($165) designed by Mr. Zeff in "a hundred colors."
In the end, the 11-member search committee, eight of them women, voted for the man least likely to be recognized.
DREAMING Hard Luck and Good Times in America By Carolyn See.
"Some of his decisions you're not happy with."
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Claimed Carlos Crawford, pitcher, off waivers from the Cleveland Indians.
BRADLEY SAYS HE WILL NOT SEEK 4TH TERM Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey announced that he would not seek re-election, depriving the Democratic Party of one of its most respected thinkers at a time when the party's loss of Congress is forcing it to re-examine what it stands for.
Heat the butter in a medium-size nonstick skillet over medium heat.
In 1993 it won the Pegasus Prize for Literature, awarded in the United States for a first foreign novel, and last November The Los Angeles Times Book Prize for a first published work of fiction in any language.
EQUALITY Women of Value Life is unfair: Any 12-year-old denied extra dessert or a new computer will tell you that.
The next test for the regime, which changed the name of the country from Burma to Myanmar, will be to follow Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi's freedom with a return to some form of political pluralism and with other improvements in human rights.
"Lie Down With Dogs," a low-budget film he made last year, is being shown this week at the Berlin Film Festival.
Mariano Duncan, born and raised a Dodger, showed them no loyalty tonight.
"I really enjoyed it," said Kimberley Baxter, 19, of Salley, S.C. "I liked it better than doing a normal term paper because you learn so much more.
However, rank-and-file union members have received copies of the proposal and could decide to act against the wishes of their leadership by taking a vote on the deal.
"I guess I feel better," he said.
The suspect, Gaspar Gaudino, 21, of East 88th Street, was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the crash and was driving with a suspended license at about 50 miles per hour when he ran through a red light, the 12-count indictment said.
Perhaps baseball owners will explain what just happened to them as "bad luck"-- though of course none of them will be sacked.
"The trouble is that rather than becoming a guide, it becomes a crucifix, a cross of gold," Dr. Sachs said.
"After the 4-3 win over U.C.L.A.
Even though big may be banished, there is still a future for night life, somewhere out there.
Coaches Nolan Richardson and Jim Harrick could decide to scrap the breakneck, full-speed-ahead style of open-court basketball that got them here, in favor of a halfcourt chess match.
And in 1990, its boys won the Little League World Series.
The lawyer for the blind Mr. Abdel Rahman, Lynne F. Stewart, held in her closing argument that Mr. Salem had been acting as an intelligence agent for Egypt and had manipulated the F.B.I.
That would put him in the upper echelon of National Hockey League coaches as far as salary is concerned.
At a meeting of executives and doctors working with the company, Dr. Channick asked Dr. Constantine (Gus) Hampers, a founder of National Medical Care who remains the driving force behind the company, to renegotiate the agreement with Dr. Roland so that the other doctors could share in the profits.
Mr. Sorensen was on camera for only three seconds in the film.
Mr. Jones expected to publish a new book in the fall, and he reportedly had another manuscript under way in his computer.
Should Mr. Preval fail to obtain a majority of the vote today, a runoff would be held next month, with the winner to be sworn in as Mr. Aristide's successor on Feb. 7, 1996.
"There's already posturing in death-penalty cases," Mr.
She looks on the elderly as her brothers and sisters.
Consider this "Mister Lincoln" a wasted opportunity.
The leaders told them to leave the dairy program unchanged.
agents when they used tanks to spray tear gas into the compound.
Six applicants for Ireland's second mobile-phone license have submitted bids to the Irish Government.
But it roughly reversed the proportions of renewals and first-time applications: The 1994 total consisted of 3.46 million renewals and 1.3 million first-time applicants.
The killing began last Saturday, the police said, a few blocks from the boardwalk's towering casino hotels with two shots that killed Shirley Gates.
You kind of felt it, once we got Horace and Brian Shaw, that you had a chance to do it."
The attack occurred on Oct. 27 when a soldier, hidden in woods above a sports field and armed with three guns, shot at 1,300 soldiers exercising below.
1 ranking for a second consecutive season.
If the changes are approved, Federal inspectors at processing plants will no longer be expected to pick out bacteria-contaminated carcasses as they whiz by; instead, plant officials will be required to take steps to prevent the contamination and then to sample the product through microbiological testing to prove that the measures are working.
She received her law degree from Georgetown University.
On the B train, Coney Island is the best wheelchair adventure in Brooklyn.
A fascinating character with a flair for grass-roots organizing and public relations, a deep-seated intellectual curiosity and remarkable tenacity, Mr. Packard elicits strong reactions.
If a customer wants a pale lip, she'll find plenty of pales.
Her involvement in the plot was belated, he said, forcing her to change her testimony, unconvincingly, and twist the plain meaning of the English language.
"What that's telling the PAC is, 'We've got your number and it's payback time,' " said Tom Erickson, who raises money from PAC's for Democratic candidates.
They nervously snapped photos of each other.
One such group, the Mothers of the Plaza del Mayo, has denounced the compensation as "blood money," a stand that has stirred guilt and indignation among those who have applied for the payments.
The firehouse, which is home base for about 20 volunteer firefighters, and its equipment are maintained by a $5,000 annual stipend from the town and major contributions from the wealthy residents it serves.
"When that happened," said Goodman, "I said, 'Oh my God, we're going to have to change Tom's nickname to 'Boom Boom Boom.'
If I needed pants to fit well, I would buy them in the men's department.
To redisplay the screen of text of the STORY you were viewing, press the TRANSMIT key.
Ms. Aller remained active professionally after the death of her husband, in 1963.
"Beatrix was determined to make her stories accurate," I continued.
We have to find a way to turn it around."
This is particularly true in the spring, before grass has begun to hide the runways.
TERRIBLE HONESTY: Mongrel Manhattan in the 1920s, by Ann Douglas.
Who knows, maybe he can someday succeed the legend.
The report said Dr. Arbit assumed that the secretary was describing another Indian patient, whose name was not disclosed, who had been referred to him for treatment of a tumor on the right side of the brain.
And therefore, I was very pleased last week when a bipartisan majority voted to reject the extreme anti-environment provisions adopted in the House committee.
Members of Congress said the Federal Government was ultimately responsible for the use of Federal money on welfare programs.
"In Massapequa, I saw students, even young students, working on computers and using the Internet.
But to many of the people who waited long hours here on the sidewalks outside Sacred Heart Cathedral, that fleeting moment of communion with Pope John Paul II was enough.
Today, as patches of sunlight slid across the orange woods and green fields, Ms. LaBelle greeted visitors from the St. Agnes Children's Rehabilitation Center in Carmel, who were petting several Black Angus calves.
Census figures from 1990 put the Hispanic population of New York City at 23.8 percent, about 1.8 million.
Of course, the tasty Viennese cooking only adds to it.
"I can't do that," Hitler replied.
"I came close to the design in 1985, but it was not quite right," he says, "I didn't realize how close I was then until I got the right design on Sept. 14, 1994.
"It was the first time I knew of that rock-and-roll music was at a fashion show, loud like a rock concert, and the models walked tough," the designer said.
Prosecutors have said they do not plan to charge his parents, Joseph and Melanie Kelly, in connection with their son's flight and hiding.
In 1979, he successfully represented an R. J. Reynolds tobacco heir, Smith Bagley, who was acquitted on charges that he and four other defendants had criminally manipulated the stock of the Washington Group, a diversified textile concern.
Mr. Safire's charge that the economic chief, Zhu Rongji, has reverted to "regulation" and "central control" is misleading.
Why the Mayflower Madam and Son of Sam but not Amy Fisher?
Here are variations on metaphysical themes; here is romantic realism; here is the kind of cold-war drama associated with John le Carre; here are characters who time-travel in the style of H. G. Wells and Caryl Churchill.
with poppies, but he couldn't crack the code for enough others to make much money.
But the same sections of the city that dominated police corruption complaint reports in 1994 -- black and Hispanic neighborhoods in northern Manhattan, the central Bronx and central Brooklyn -- appeared at the top of the corruption lists this year.
PRINCETON THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY "The German Connection at Princeton," featuring manuscripts and mementos of German theologians, including several first editions of Martin Luther's writings.
William Holstein, the president of the group, presented a lifetime achievement award during ceremonies at the Grand Hyatt Hotel to Robert MacNeil, the executive editor of the MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour on public television, who is retiring.
There's the acclaim he gets as America's second-richest individual (after William H. Gates of the Microsoft Corporation) and as the world's most successful investor, despite poor bets on companies like USAir Group and Salomon Inc. And, most maddening, there was his outspoken stance in 1993 favoring an accounting rule that would have charged grants for executive stock options against corporate earnings -- and thus kill the goose that laid the golden egg.
The cause of death was congestive heart failure, according to his wife, Jo Mosher.
In another development, a document from an advisory group committee disclosed that the I.R.S.
Sentencing is scheduled for August.
Then comes a very winnable game at Washington followed by a very winnable game at Seattle.
The skull was used in productions of "Hamlet" and the actor's ghost is said to roam the churchyard looking for the head.
Her comments were refreshingly direct.
"Demand generally was strong across our product line, and demand for mainframes and storage products far outstripped supply.
and so many Ph.D.'s that some travel to Malaysia to find work, said Joyce Cornell, global strategist at Scudder mutual funds.
And it achieved a certain notoriety because of its involvement with Spectrum Information Technologies Inc., a former high-flier that filed for bankruptcy protection in January.
He directed a meticulous "Uncle Vanya," with Ian McKellen in the title role, at the National three years ago.
Then I'll take Serena's Song and Thunder Gulch back West and keep Timber Country in the East.
While lobbyists and lawmakers fight over Medicare, the Federal health insurance program for the elderly, Congress is planning even bigger changes and deeper cuts in projected spending for Medicaid, which finances care for low-income people.
The safety board also made public an urgent recommendation to all ship operators to watch out for the problem.
But Pawel Wlodkowic and the Academy of Cracow at the Council of Constance?
The effect of the executive turmoil on musicians varies according to the artists' stature.
"The Spanish Government will evaluate labor market reforms adopted in 1994 and will determine whether further measures are needed."
"But they don't know how much more they are going to need," he added, "and how much the other defendants are going to ask them to put in the fund."
"What is that, a store?"
Minlend scored back-to-back baskets on an offensive rebound and dunk off a steal to put the visitors ahead, 26-16.
Repeated marimba phrases seemed to compel Ms. Welling to move, and in the especially powerful "Marimba 2," the sounds set her twitching compulsively.
Beginning at the Congregational Church on the green, built in 1829, the self-guided tour features homes built from 1844 to 1965.
They want to talk not about cuts in programs but about cuts in taxes, which they have promised to almost everyone, and about the blessings of a balanced budget in 2002.
Some folks on the political margins are feeling more maligned than usual these days.
Senator D'Amato praised Mr. Rubin's plan for its similarities to his own plan.
Benito Santiago, batting with two runners in scoring position, then struck out swinging.
Patrick J. Buchanan, the conservative columnist, who also did not appear, was seventh, with 41 votes, or almost 3 percent.
"The Cantv multinationals raise rates and oppress workers," read one union poster showing a malevolent Uncle Sam figure pointing a pistol at passersby.
But children younger than about 30 months do not understand "symbols and representation."
A company spokeswoman, Carrie Theale, declined to release company profit information but said: "This is the game that people are playing today.
Tickets, $100, from (718) 638-8199.
Almost every day, they trek to Dalya H.'s house in Brooklyn -- distraught, exhausted parents, hands wrinkled from loads of laundry; children with slightly shamed faces and scalps afire with itching.
I just have to tell them to try to hold down the rumors, believe all of what they see and half of what they hear."
For all the magnetic fame of those honored at last night's Thurman Munson awards dinner in New York, it was NANCY KERRIGAN who touched off the fireworks.
But now, Sampras has a Davis Cup memory that goes nicely with his remarkable record in Grand Slam events.
On Saturday night, Lourdes Gonzalez and Martin Quinones, like thousands of New Yorkers before them, headed for Coney Island on their first date.
"I think it will be combative," said Mary Bennett, principal of the Malcolm X. Shabazz High School in Newark.
"I played against him when he was with Washington and St. Louis.
"I don't like Keroppi because he's green," Ms. Song conceded.
"In a lifetime of politics, you build up a few enemies, if you've done anything of consequence," he said.
When working with software written for older Macs, however, the speed gains seem to evaporate.
We don't solve them by hiding or running.
"It took a lot of coaxing, but I got into the mood to be a family man," Mr. Wilson explains, with the bizarre understatement that is a hallmark of his conversation.
He said that it concerned Mr. Geffrard's personal financial dealings and not his professional conduct.
The community school districts, for instance, have been expensive failures that are at best unwieldy and at worst pure patronage mills.
'Company' Will Be Staying It looks as if "Company," meanwhile, has legs.
Mr. Lund named James A. Warner president of the CBS Television Network, the job previously held by Mr. Lund, and he promoted Joseph D. Abruzzese from executive vice president to president of the CBS sales division.
Passive immunotherapy has been tried for AIDS since 1985.
Hence that awful phrase, "the Judeo-Christian tradition," which manages to insult both faiths at once, and reduce them unforgivably to a question of political expediency.
Many of the towns near Vryheid -- the word for freedom in Afrikaans -- have an area set aside for the displaced, most of whom were evicted in much the same way as the Khulus were.
The Mets and Florida Marlins plan to play baseball next Sunday night in Miami.
Looking at it in other people's homes was good enough.
records, is up for election along with other former players including Lynn Swann, Mike Haynes, Dan Dierdorf and Mel Renfro.
It was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif.
UNDER the protection of 20,000 American troops, Jean-Bertrand Aristide returned to Haiti in triumph a year ago today.
"It's possible it is due to a fluctuation in the age of the population, with fewer people in the crime-committing ages of 16 to 23," said Joan McCord, a Temple University professor and past president of the American Society of Criminology.
Miss Baldwin's situation is similar to that of Kimberly Swopes, who won the Miss Oregon title a week after the Miss Washington pageant.
Yet the auction was probably more an ordinary money-making procedure masquerading as government virtue than an indication of any zeal in cracking down on corruption.
Asked to be specific about what level he was discussing, Smith mentioned the name of Glenn Adamo, the league's vice president for broadcasting.
He wasn't at the scouting combine in Indianapolis to inspect the huge slabs of prime beef that will go to market in the National Football League draft this weekend.
The chromosome-1 defect is thought to account for about 25 percent of such cases, and the chromosome-21 flaw for about 5 percent.
A Federal investigator confirmed that around early April, investigators believe, Mr. McVeigh was of the opinion that Mr. Nichols might not go along with the bomb plot.
Ownership of a home satellite dish or a trip to the local sports bar with dozens of large-screen television sets cannot rescue dislocated fans from regionalization: baseball will scramble the satellite signals of all the games.
The investigator said there was "absolutely no doubt" that Mr. Smith was well known to Mr. Powell, the vendors' confrontational leader with the criminal past and taste for racist language, and that Mr. Smith's action was an outgrowth of the anti-Semitic atmosphere that prevailed among the protesters outside Freddy's.
But Mr. Alexander's resume is a bit at odds with the outsider image he is trying to create.
Jaroslav Vagner, a disaffected former Czech nuclear worker, and two other suspected accomplices from Belarus and Ukraine were arrested by the Czech authorities who seized the uranium on Dec. 14.
Mr. Schmoke, a former Federal prosecutor, is the only big-city mayor in the country to support the creation of a Federal study group on decriminalization, arguing that drug problems must be solved by Federal initiatives that would include expanded treatment programs.
Every class has its exceptions.
suit contends that Mr. Bloch and the radio stations have misappropriated "at least" $1 million of the $3.8 million raised from investors.
Next month Ms. Hirsch, 33, is to become an associate at Amster, Rothstein & Ebenstein, a New York law firm.
He also purchased futures contracts representing about $22 billion of Japanese Government bonds and short-term Government debt known as Euroyen instruments.
The Knicks are seeking at least one of Miami's two 1996 first-round draft picks and possibly a player in the deal that would release Riley from the last year of his Knick contract.
Interestingly, Mr. Morris has found himself portraying a roster of characters who are depraved (Don Giovanni), sadistic (his chilling Claggart in Britten's "Billy Budd"), twisted by jealously (Iago) or tormented by failed ambition (Wotan).
"A lot of it is open to challenge, because the U.S. Government has never had to do this before," one official said.
1 receiver in the league instead of always playing little brother to Irvin.
Mr. Hall asked the people who testified today, mostly engineers and pilots, to explain the terms they were using to make the hearing easier to understand.
The cast Mr. Matoian introduced yesterday was made up mostly of new performers, although some have appeared in other Fox shows like "Living Single," "House of Buggin' " and "Roc."
Leonardo DiCaprio, having just played another dissolute teen-age poet (Jim Carroll) in "The Basketball Diaries," conveys all of Rimbaud's arrogance with little of his all-important acuity and charisma.
One of the most popular books in Beijing this year is "The Bridges of Madison County," the American best seller whose story of a midlife affair that brings romance to a woman's life clearly struck a chord here.
Add the tofu and stir in gently; cook, uncovered, over low heat about 5 minutes.
The fans were able to match the effort of the athletes.
For the Cirrus (and its Dodge twin, the Stratus), the primary innovation is in the "cab-forward" design, and the sedan is the first compact to benefit from the packaging that pushes the passenger compartment out toward the axis of the front wheels.
He played staccato phrases, stiff and unswinging, only to veer into the sweetness of Charlie Parker's ballad sound.
When corporate groups such as the Committee for Economic Development speak out, their suggestions include more carrot-and-stick controls, more standardized testing and curriculums, more hours in the school day and days in the school year spent doing more drill-and-skill lessons in narrowly conceived academic curriculum.
In after-hours trading, the stock plunged to $39.75.
But I couldn't tell them that's the case.
ADDRESS BOOK NAMES TERROR SUSPECTS An address book belonging to the wife of a Palestinian political leader being held in New York City contains the names of several suspected terrorists in the Middle East, an F.B.I.
A car collision alters the lives of five families.
I followed a number of pianists following daunting projects this year.
Harrah's Hotel Casino Harrah's Boulevard and Huron Avenue.
In their absence, officials coordinating the aerial assault had to rely on smaller weapons: seven Army UH-1 Iroquois helicopters, commonly known as Hueys, and six Ag-Cat crop-dusting planes.
The other compilation, Macbestsellers, also includes Super Tetris and Spectre, but the air combat game is Hellcats Over the Pacific, a World War II simulation.
proposal to declare nicotine a drug and regulate cigarette sales to minors.
Afterward, the woman and her mother complained to Professor Maas.
His move into fiction was similarly accidental.
The experts said that since their last report, in 1986, the amount of metals and pesticides in the Rhine has dropped significantly, and the water has more oxygen and a greater diversity of plants and animals, all signs of returning health.
BANKING Tough Talk in Tokyo The Ministry of Finance announced changes in how Japanese banks are regulated, hoping to end a series of financial disasters and restore foreign confidence.
The book, which immediately sold out, was written by Martin Pickford, a paleontologist who was dismissed when Mr. Leakey headed the National Museum, and Eustace Gitonga, another former employee of Mr. Leakey's.
Both the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, in Cincinnati, and Justice John Paul Stevens, who has supervisory jurisdiction over cases from the Sixth Circuit, refused the state agency's request for an emergency stay.
Fencing the pool and pool house is another challenge for pool owners and their architects.
Mr. Williams was named senior vice president.
It is the authority's job to help the area diversify, but if the fort closes, realistically, there is little else.
"The city leadership of North Adams realized that the days of the single-plant, one-company town were over," Joseph Thompson, the director of Mass Moca, said.
It took the playwright a while to turn those voices into theater.
Quinn (R) Yea A 31.
"Croatia became our de facto strategic ally," said a State Department official with intimate knowledge of the workings of the Zagreb embassy.
It came down about a mile and a half miles from West Point Municipal Airport from which it had taken off in Shacklefords, 43 miles east of Richmond.
But now those goods seem unaffordable to many people.
Mr. Hynes said yesterday that seeking the death penalty in the incident will be difficult because New York's statute, unlike those in other states, requires that the person charged with capital murder either have committed the killing or ordered it, instead of simply taking part in a crime that led to a murder.
Those two are the cream of a group that includes Al Drumheller, Tom Carter and John Sutherland, none of whom has pitched above Class AA, and outfielders Shane Spencer, Richard Barnwell and Lew Hill, who have combined for 112 at-bats at the Class AAA level.
A lot of teams will do that.
In Ms. Yamamoto's 1993 wall piece, "Wrung," a long strand of black hair emerges from a 1930's laundry wringer.
Grandmother Willow (Linda Hunt), the wise, talking tree who advises Pocahontas to listen to her heart, suggests the Indians' mystical ties to nature.
Bh6 7 Ne2 (7 Nc3 c6 8 Nge2 Qf6 9 g3 f3 10 Nf4 is another well-known way to produce difficult play) Qf6 8 Nbc3 Ne7 9 Qd2 Nbc6 10 g3 Bd7, which is not clear, Leko came up with an interesting innovation in this specific situation, 6 .
Israeli officials said they would formally begin closing military administration offices in the West Bank this week, starting with four villages, and that the P.L.O.
Because brokers balked at pushingthe shares, Mr. Snider came out with the memo, the brokers said.
There are no hedges here.
Two different teams with two drastically different goals.
"On the road to finding Grandma," Mrs. Hughley said, as a hearse slowly rolled past, "a lot of unspeakable things were found."
DON MATTINGLY is expected to reject salary arbitration today.
In a news conference, the superintendent even questioned whether anyone would certify a teacher for Creole because, he said, it "is not a language, it's a dialect.
In urbanized south Florida, "half an acre would seem like an estate," Mr. Rusaw said.
Taken to the courtyard, where they sat on benches and in wheelchairs while awaiting treatment, many victims said they could not understand why anyone would do such a thing.
In December 1994 they reached 12 percent.
Her 23-year-old grandson, Gohsuke Kubo, explained the difference.
Then the behind-the-scenes negotiation of government occurs.
Surreal touches about, including an eerie child's voice that squeals: "The monsters are crazy?
Dr. Jodi Allene Rosenbaum, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Jerry Harris Rosenbaum of Hollywood, Fla., was married there last evening to Dr. Lawrence Michael Fiedler, the son of Dr. Ina Fiedler and Dr. Robert Fiedler of Scarsdale, N.Y.
15 Missouri, 96-85, last night at St. Louis.
Boomer's play-action is the best I've seen in a long, long time."
At Yale, it is possible to imagine a better selection of Bochner's early efforts, especially with the thick catalogue in hand.
Anthropologists said the new findings might not resolve the many questions about the origin of Neanderthals, their exact place on the family tree or the reasons they lost out in the competition with modern human beings.
The acceptance of hostile takeovers as a normal part of the corporate repertoire has been bolstered by several important developments.
The markets like signs that the economy's slowing to a nice even pace, and most of the week the Dow industrials bumped to new highs for that very reason.
Motoring down East 61st Street, they looked like a school of great white sharks.
It is a perception that has come back to haunt Mr. Lawrence in recent weeks as he struggles to salvage his name after being assailed for saying at a meeting last fall that "the average S.A.T.
The figures on the underlying assets of derivatives tend to overstate the actual risk to banks, which tend to hold offsetting bets on the same markets.
They say, 'Let's not pay too much attention to them; it increases their importance.'
The walls of her apartment could be from an episode of "This Is Your Life," much if it set on Morningside Heights, or from Columbia's bookstore.
Dreadful Squeem is particularly bizarre -- a toy that squirts long ribbons of a red, sugary edible substance from its nose (Tyco Toys, $13).
Ninety-nine days later, he has walked away, saying he was not "the right person" to run a division at I.B.M., where no one seemed to be crying at the news.
Even the permanent collection has a new look.
Dec. Wednesday Consumer Price Index .
This is like holding the victim responsible for the crime.
The film is being presented, by the way, in conjunction with cable's "Voices Against Violence" week.
But group therapy also provides a half dozen or so others with whom to connect.
"Kids are so afraid of pattern making, and they'd all go out anyway and buy fabric they couldn't handle," Ms. Howes said.
The Court need simply decide that homosexuals deserve the same opportunity to participate in the political process as everyone else.
William S. Tiffany, president of Caltex Philippines, an American-owned oil company, saw the blackouts as evidence of a nation "with no direction for the future, with no commitment for sorting out its problems."
The most recent United States legislation is the Cuban Liberty and Democracy Solidarity Act of 1995.
"Oh, the banks may spread some money around, but there is no assurance that it will be thoughtfully spent.
At the time she evaluated the Holocaust program in 1986, her name was Christina Price.
Javier Lopez was not the reason the Atlanta Braves did not win the 1992 World Series.
At one point Andy announces that he can't die without again seeing the woman who, he says, was the long-ago lover to them both.
I put a lot more pressure on my right leg to save my left.
In Tokyo, which is 280 miles away and scarcely felt the quake, many people were transfixed by the television scenes and by the grim drama of the efforts to rescue the hundreds of people believed trapped in collapsed buildings.
His plan calls for expanding the state's charter schools beyond the current 25-school limit.
Mr. Manzi told analysts that Lotus's CC:Mail electronic-mail software sold 550,000 packages last quarter, pushing total units sold past the seven million mark.
His reversal today is likely to renew that anger.
Yavlinsky said yes, but not merely for a photo-op show of support.
Working with shady "brokers" -- middlemen who worked out of apartments or cars and often solicited bribes from immigrants on lines at the Immigration and Naturalization Service at 26 Federal Plaza -- the four defendants were accused of sharing millions in bribes to issue the genuine documents, prosecutors said.
"Its greatest two functions are getting the homeless folks through the night and bringing people from our world into their world so that, hopefully, we can think of some other solution," he said.
It's as if Mad Max had wandered onto the stage as Henry V and offered his own humble St. Crispin's Day speech.
Other post-season cities, including Seattle, which the Mariners might leave, are drawing well.
In the next few months, over drinks in the lobby of the Vista Hotel, lunch at the River Cafe, coffee in the Galaxy Greek Pastry Shop in Astoria, and meetings in a fake office the agents set up in Queens, Mr. King drew out details.
Toward the end of Ms. Orlander smith's new show, the cicerone of the evening, Diane, walks home "through the crack smoke, past the boy/girl whores" in Harlem and explains, "The only thing that separates me from them is the books in my room."
On the other side of 42d Street is a site on which American Multi-Cinema has proposed a 29-screen theater complex that would show first-run, second-run, revival and foreign movies, as well as virtual-reality offerings.
An object of universal scorn, Miss Devi is assumed to be a prostitute and is raped more than once.
"Facing your own mortality forces you to re-evaluate your priorities."
E-mail for the Masses The Rand Corporation, the public policy research organization, says access to electronic mail will promote democracy.
The book, "The Other Side of Heaven" (Curbstone Press), edited by Mr. Karlin, Ms. Khue (pronounced Kway) and an expatriate former South Vietnamese soldier, Truong Vu, links the triangle of former adversaries to examine not so much the war itself but the effects of the war, Mr. Karlin and Ms. Khue said at a reading on Thursday night at New York University, which was part of their continuing cross-country tour.
It's hard to find a German who cannot give clear directions to an English-speaking visitor.
The Asian gypsy moth female, unlike her European relative, does fly, which is how pregnant females got to the ships headed this way.
Mr. Ashby has a tone and sound like a tall tale, oversized and magnificent, and if he had wanted to, it seemed, he could have dumped the first row of listeners into the laps of the second.
After the passage of a law called the Cohen Act makes gun ownership a crime, the Organization rises up against "the Jewish-liberal-democratic-equalitarian plague," slaughtering Jews and blacks wholesale to establish an all-white "New Era" at the end of the 20th century.
If people like that, great.
The F-15's were patrolling a part of northern Iraq from which Iraqi military aircraft had been ordered excluded after the Persian Gulf war.
In the coming year, Neediest Cases money will help the Brooklyn Bureau of Community Service continue Project Moving On, which teaches job skills to mentally ill adults.
Note that bidding prices do not include the buyer's premium, which can run 10 to 15 percent, and sales tax.
But then Disney came calling -- its new jewel, ABC, in hand -- and Mr. Ovitz couldn't resist, even though he'll play second fiddle to Michael Eisner, Disney's chairman.
Until now, she resisted the threat of prison time if she refused to testify as well as an offer of immunity from prosecution.
French officials said contact group representatives would meet in London on Wednesday and the political directors would meet again in Paris next Friday.
Representative John Lewis of Georgia said, "I stood up to Bull Connor in Birmingham.
Now, with the baseball strike threatening spring training, which is supposed to start in the third week of this month, the restaurant has started looking into a fishing motif.
His venture has created a stir among Internet enthusiasts even before it begins, largely because of his track record.
Jim Gillard rushed for two touchdowns in BRUNSWICK'S (3-1) 33-7 victory over RYE COUNTRY DAY (2-2).
But Mr. Juppe has declined to meet with union leaders, although meetings between them and the Labor Minister have now been scheduled for this weekend.
His restaurant has offered a stunning presentation of about 50 cheeses from France, Italy, Spain and the United States for more than 12 years.
The Arctic has long been recognized as unique and scientifically intriguing because of its thick ice.
"We're happy to address our rights-holders' concerns and work out something."
Judging by the recent past, Mr. Florio would have been lucky if he was only hanged in effigy.
Tom Gerety, the Yale man who is the president at Amherst, recognizes this as well as anyone.
She exudes energy and seems taller than her five feet and decades younger than her years.
No one expected Huizenga to stay, working for Sumner Redstone, Viacom's chairman.
But others may find themselves wondering whether they have traded one rat race for another.
She is trying hard not to blame all black people for the act of one black man, she said, but it is difficult.
The remembered event is different from the current experience, the difference is recognizable and therefore the events can be differentiated.
If he follows through on his promise to disband the legislature, deputies would get their meager salaries, but lose other benefits and have to vacate their apartments within two weeks.
The police said they were not sure how the man, Anthony P. Clemente Sr., 46, of Medford, escaped the restaurant on Monday.
"I spent 13 months in Vietnam and never ran into such barbarism," Michael Greenberg, the victim's brother, told the court yesterday.
On Monday, $18 billion in new 3-year notes are to be sold, and on Tuesday $13.5 billion in 10-year notes.
That is a total larger than the combined market capitalization of the major tobacco companies.
David Levy, a former Congressman from Baldwin, is news director at WKJY-FM in Hempstead.
The site reflects the city in other ways -- there is a lot of noise in one of the links and some graffiti in others.
He said the company simply had not found a way to combine it effectively with its larger fund complex, Janus, which manages nearly nine times the assets of Berger.
Of all the music I listen to at home, this is the stuff I turn to when I need the frayed edges of my world knitted up again.
For a while, Bosnian Serbs got Serbian military aid.
Then the procession moved on, heading crosstown.
Though Mr. Rubin described today's meeting as "in tone, cordial," it clearly came at a time of sharp tensions with Tokyo over what American officials term Japan's intransigence in opening its automobile and auto parts markets to far more foreign goods.
The question of campaign financing has been insoluble for years because each party fears that a major change in the present system would benefit the other.
Joseph Tinnirello's lawyer, Steven J. Chaikin, said: "They have no facts that support an allegation that these were hate crimes.
Remove the fish from the baking dish and spread the garlic, onions, potatoes and greens in the baking dish.
We couldn't convince people to do that.
Rosetta Stettheimer, her mother, won the raffle and redonated it, bringing in $1,000 to the cause.
One reason for the growth in the landscaping profession is the graying of suburbia.
About 49 percent of Grand Union's employees, including some of those in Chappaqua, are represented by collective bargaining agreements negotiated with 13 unions.
Walsh has said he would remain in Orono and be back next year.
Rankings by the New York Times computer.
But Americans also have been taken in by distortions, untruths and their own disinclination to learn a little history.
In a dance that is in part about female silence, the speech is believably ambiguous and the dancing women are, perhaps, a little ambivalent.
"It would be nice to blur some of the distinctions between university and high school," said Stephen Stoll, one of the school's two co-directors.
He said he and his mother were treated rudely because they are black.
Many said the city will be fixed first, patched back together with shiny plate glass, fresh paint and wet cement.
Variation in timing of ovulation and menstrual periods is common.
Beldon & Blake Corp., North Canton, Ohio, 3.5 million shares.
The film's narrator, Emil, represents the older Mr. Weiss looking back on events in his life.
"It's not going to happen overnight," said Deputy Inspector Seta.
Strict guidelines are needed for schizophrenic patients with a history of stopping medication.
SuperSonics 98, Hornets 96 Gary Payton had 19 points, 5 assists and 5 rebounds, and a significant steal.
He couldn't make decisions, he was so out of it.
In Washington and nationwide, thousands of public art works are being registered and, in many cases, repaired by volunteers in a Save Outdoor Sculpture project backed by the Smithsonian Institution.
is presented by a consortium of public television stations: KCET/Los Angeles, South Carolina ETV, WGBH/Boston and WNET/New York.
His father is the John K. Lattimore professor and the chairman of the urology department at the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia University in New York.
The yellow ones are made of mung beans and rice, scattered with vegetables and topped with sliced red chilies.
You also earn more interest on exchange reserves than you would on gold deposits.
Well, "The Naked Truth" is created by Chris Thompson whose previous credits include "Bosom Buddies."
And it has an edge.
Landlords might not be so frustrated if they maintained their buildings in habitable condition, kept the heat going and followed the procedures that govern housing court.
His white cotton shirt hung loosely over his decimated frame.
Carol Piper, district manager of Community Board 6 on the east side in midtown Manhattan, said her board was concerned about where the latrines would be located.
Lietta Tornabuoni of La Stampa spoke of Mr. Allen's "intelligent, spirited and self-ironizing magic" in "Mighty Aphrodite."
The Western officials said it appeared that Mr. Karadzic and his military commander, Gen. Ratko Mladic, had some concerns over what role the new rapid-reaction force would play within the United Nations mission here.
It is no secret that Smith and Riley did not always see eye to eye.
And with Canada's defending champion, Elvis Stojko, in second place, there is a good chance the Europeans will be shut out for the first time since 1959 at Colorado Springs, when David Jenkins of the United States won his third title in a row and led a North American sweep.
It took just 3 minutes 34 seconds tonight for softie No.
United States Bankruptcy Judge Stuart M. Bernstein approved the extension, which gives the company until May 22 to file a reorganization plan.
Some districts, like Ardsley, have managed to restore and add programs.
Knowing where the "hot spots" are ius certainly important, but having the full complement of assistance available before traveling there may be more so.
Brett Butler, who has been torrid since the All-Star Game break, had three hits, including a double and a bunt single (he leads the majors with 16 of them, as well as with 37 infield hits).
In a second letter, dated Aug. 25, Ms. Koster tried to explain the move further by saying, "It never hurts to have a book like this appear as if it were actually written by the person himself."
The caravan of cars was escorted through Glina, Petrinja, Sisak and Potok, where the refugees joined the freeway toward Belgrade.
Thousands more were raped or beaten.
A reception with the designers will be held from 6 to 8 P.M., followed by the fashion show at 8 and a performance by Joi Cardwell, a singer.
It was an open question whether the bomb design that Mr. Teller was promoting -- what Mr. Rhodes calls the "classical Super," as distinct from a more modestly energetic alternative called the "Alarm Clock" -- was inconsistent with the known laws of physics.
On ceremonial occasions, Ms. Canoe puts on fringed and beaded clothes and moccasins.
All of his kids had to take their turn at the same paper route.
"Dad," she said, without missing a beat, "I've known that for a long time."
He has challenged critics in public and private -- in some cases, labeling them enemies -- in a business that often forces coaches to suffer in silence.
Two kids I haven't seen in a year, they ask me every week, 'Dad, how much longer?'
"It brought tears to my eyes.
The new excitement in Ms. Friedan's life "is Washington," she said.
contributor to The New Yorker, Irwin Shaw wrote a fascinating account of the liberation of Paris (republished in "Reporting World War II"), but it was in his later novel, "The Young Lions," that the crushing ironies and tragedies on both sides of the war were brought home to a mature audience.
Victor Alexander led visiting Golden State with 23 points and Donyell Marshall added 18.
It is also a chance for an architect to say something fresh about the changing nature of modernity.
Mr. Caputo, 46, a native of Argentina, flew from his home country to New York in March 1994, held an interview with the ABC news magazine "Prime Time" and then turned himself in to authorities, saying he had killed four women in the 1970's and was afraid of voices that were telling him to kill again.
One who did not, Mr. Dole, clearly supported it only as a show of solidarity with the new right.
This is to be the Pope's fourth trip to the United States, including a 1987 journey through the South and his 1993 meeting with Mr. Clinton and crowds of young people in Denver.
Mr. Lackman resigned his post last week to become the State Senate's top fiscal aide.
But it was a simple, straight-ahead shot.
From John L. Sullivan to Muhammad Ali, our champs may have been roughnecks and philanderers, but they were, well, manly.
That night the boy sawed through the chain and ran away.
They are among the last of 37 new schools to be built as part of a five-year construction plan, the biggest building boom in the New York City school system since the 1930's.
Window shades are torn and plaster has fallen from the wall, letting the lath show through.
More than a dozen Republicans warned their party that the voters would strike back if they felt environmental protections were being undermined in Congress.
Investments in pulp and paper companies, especially those like Champion International that own a lot of trees, have historically been a good hedge against inflation.
He may have been passing along an unsubstantiated family legend.
Hernandez 28, was treated for lacerations at Massachusetts General Hospital and released.
The check was for the equivalent of $50,000, Mr. Medina's attorney said.
The son showed himself to be the ultimate student of his father in renditions of "Three Coins in the Fountain," "Lonesome Road," "Ebb Tide," "Old Man River" and others; his singing bore a clonelike similarity in phrasing and intonation to his father's versions.
Already in the last two and a half years, our Administration has approved waivers for 29 states to reform welfare your way.
Many of the managers work in Newark, a company official told The Star-Ledger, which first reported the plan yesterday.
"That makes any news about closures more significant," said Monica Kelly, director of energy research at Pegasus Econometric Group in New York.
A trip to Ellis Island, with a focus on the experience of Irish immigrants, will start at noon on Saturday (fee, $15; students and those 62 and older, $13).
to barricade parking lots and question passengers.
Parker, 18, has filed a student-information form and was admitted, but he did not sign up for any classes.
Mr. Hitch received a bachelor of arts degree in economics from the University of Arizona in 1931.
The official explanation was that the paper "created doubts, printed untrue stories and insulted the religious beliefs of the Muslim nation."
He told Bloomberg Business News that the surge in the mark and the fall of the dollar were a "clear exaggeration" that would soon be corrected in the markets.
While the framework of recommended changes was announced last May, the final report outlines in detail the legal and financial dimensions of making the changes.
"The poor people in that housing won't be any better off," Professor Starks said.
A second fund would be built from credits from Mexican banks, based on their dollar reserves.
During the latest half, revenue from the theme park rose 8.7 percent, to 796 million francs, "due to a significant increase in attendance," the company said.
It is "an exceptionally erudite and often witty meditation on political and erotic betrayal," James A. Snead said here in 1988.
Asked about overturning the ban on gays in the military, he said, "I haven't made a judgment on that."
"None of my people are prepared to shoot me, and I won't fall into the Russians' hands alive."
The aim of the American policy seems clear: open the way for Bosnia to be knitted together again by removing the men most identified with its division.
"Milosevic is a man of extraordinary coldness," Mr. Zimmermann writes.
To the Editor: So salubrious is Robinson Crusoe's island that Crusoe can live entirely off the abundant coconuts.
After retiring from the Air Force, Mr.
Judge Lamberth dismissed the lawsuit in December, since the Administration had released virtually all of the group's records.
The endowment pool for all American universities is $120 billion.
Lakers 128, SuperSonics 121 Elden Campbell scored 8 of his 27 points in overtime as the visiting Los Angeles Lakers came from being 17 points behind in the second quarter to beat the Seattle SuperSonics.
The remainder of the $750 million investment would be a letter of credit.
" Opening a bar-cafe was the brainchild of Dax Alexandre, 38, Nation's principal proprietor, also the owner of the West Village bar Dama.
The consumer group Public Citizen took a look back at them.
While extra teachers would be needed in regular classrooms, the number would be less than in the existing system.
The privilege of going out and changing the world I'm going to leave to my children is really heady stuff."
"It's hard to find the character, to get into the character and project these female feelings.
"Something fundamental is going on," Mr. Buchen said.
Anger lights the fire when I see some people hanging their heads, allowing themselves to be persuaded that government cannot concern itself with the poor, the disabled, the old, the children.
But the show was Mr. Saint-Prix's; he was a magnanimous figure, singing, slapping his conga occasionally, or playing flute.
The bride's father retired as the senior minister of the Judson Memorial Baptist Church in New York.
*Was the construction of black-majority districts any more insidious than creating districts with other ethnic majorities?
He was expected to finish the 27,000-mile solo race shortly after dawn today.
"What's the difference between Cleveland and the Titanic?"
The costs are simply passed along to lower levels of government.
"It was expected that sometime this year a decision would be made by the board about the transition, and both of these guys were in the running," said Constance M. Maneaty, an analyst at Bear, Stearns & Company.
The court documents that contend there was a cover-up at Daiwa were released on Thursday as Mr. Iguchi also acknowledged embezzling more than $500,000 from Daiwa.
Steve Gutman, the Jets' president, negotiated the contract with Brady's three agents -- Mark and Mike Clouser, lawyers and twins from Los Angeles, and Joe Linta, an investment counselor from New Haven.
When I switched to the Internet, a message appeared that the MacTCP had an error in it.
"If the players and owners are unable to find common ground and find it soon," Mr. Dole said, "then we will have to find some way to empower those who are the most important element in the baseball equation, the fans themselves."
Terry's dream was to have the nearly finished shelter open by this spring.
Ms. Cooley has been writing and calling members of the Congressional tax writing committees.
"Spain was the most powerful nation in the world, and therefore not surprisingly it set international fashion," writes Mr. Harvey.
Generally, European players aren't allowed to join National Hockey League rosters this late in the season unless they are under contract.
Both sides described the court's ruling as favorable.
Churches can be seen almost everywhere -- on every block in some areas -- their lighted crosses and steeples brightening the streets at night.
More dissidents are imprisoned now than at any time since the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989.
A .22-caliber rifle was found today in the North Carolina home of a landlord held for questioning in the deaths of five men who were shot with a weapon of that caliber at the landlord's arson-gutted house, court documents showed.
An aunt who is brilliant, who has a degree in geology, has a high-up position in an important petroleum company.
But Richard Maulsby, director of public affairs at the Patent Office, said that "we feel at this point that it's a very bad decision and it's certainly going to be appealed."
The serene, warmly burnished oasis at 2170 Broadway (77th Street), has its yin and yang in proper balance.
More money would come from selling 6 to 8 of the 20 available division series games to ESPN, Turner or to a combination of both.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced yesterday that New York City would end more than 70 years of municipal broadcasting by selling the license of its public television station on the open market and turning over its two radio stations to a nonprofit foundation.
"Everyone is following one game plan and respecting him," Clark said.
Manufacturers currently need Commerce Department permission to export to China and Russia any machine that can perform more than one billion operations per second; for India, Israel and Pakistan, the limit is 500 million operations per second.
Are they trying to keep them out of the playoffs?
Goldman is the creator and biggest underwriter of monthly income preferred stock -- subordinated debt, either bonds or notes, that has been repackaged as preferred stock bearing a monthly or quarterly interest payment that is tax deductible for the issuer.
Ms. Gale clearly has things she wants to say, but the results are overproduced and too unfocused to convey anything beyond a general sense of earnestness.
Graves left early with what was described as a sprained knuckle on the middle finger of his right hand.
In Armstrong Williams's view, Justice Thomas is now out in public for good.
She graduated from Brown University.
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc. Westbridge Capital Corp., $20 million of senior subordinated notes due in 2002.
The majority of the deaths occurred while climbing or hiking.
Ms. Hay's title, "On the Forest Floor," tells where she found pine needles and the antler.
Some of the changes would affect many interest groups, according to committee documents summarizing them.
Or her unsteady legs, on which she must walk slowly, ever so slowly, bolstering each hesitant step with the tap of a cane.
Doing so, however, may not generate the hoped-for result.
Speaking of dishes not on the menu, one evening Mrs. Lam persuaded a table of seven men to let her order their meal for them.
Ms. Fuchs, author of "Mayors and Money: Fiscal Policy in New York and Chicago," agrees with leaders of the business-financed Citizens Budget Committee who say that two enormous shadows continue to hover over the city's long-term financial picture, all but untouched by Mr. Giuliani in his initial 18 months.
As a result, Sung W. Sohn, a senior vice president and chief economist at the Norwest Corporation, a bank holding company in Minneapolis, predicted this week that the Federal Open Market Committee would probably cut "the Federal Funds rate by half a point but leave the discount rate alone to keep the dollar from sliding."
If Mighty Mary wins, all three defense teams would be tied with 5 points each.
A city transportation department spokesman, Oscar Serra, held out some hope for relief.
Always they have been spontaneous responses to the hell on earth he saw around him in a country divided and stunted by apartheid.
A noncommissioned officer in the 82d Airborne who comes from Ohio and who said he regards himself as a nonviolent skinhead recalled a recent training exercise at a base shooting range where another white soldier told him, "You should have no trouble hitting the targets."
Unity for a Bible Getting a piece of the action in the Christian book market is big business these days.
On my trip I also visited Kokee Park and was amazed by its beauty.
We'd see Arthur Ashe walking through.
Also advancing were Amy Frazier, Naoko Sawamatsu of Japan and Amanda Coetzer of South Africa.
Even now, at 62, they are perfectly almond shaped, deep brown and, well, just deep.
If it's too hard, it's frustrating.
"She was the one for me after that," John Sarkos said.
After all, he explained, he used to buy only one 40-ounce bottle of malt liquor at a time, not the 12-packs that his friends routinely did.
Hundreds of forensic experts from Federal, state and local police agencies blanketed the area around the gutted Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building today, looking for evidence.
"This crime will be pursued until it is brought to a just conclusion -- which means we have the killer behind bars."
Ken Lightfoot, chairman of the hospital's board of trustees, called the commission's decision "an unwarranted action on the credibility and financial viability of this hospital."
There are actually two I.G.F.
Senator Dodd was unapologetic when I called him.
Add the onion and saute until softened, about 5 minutes.
The pastor and other church officials have declined to comment on the videotape.
A1 AIRPORT OPENS -- VERY LATE Sixteen months behind schedule and $2 billion over budget, Denver International Airport opened, inaugurating what is expected to be the nation's eighth-busiest airport.
After a week of uncertainty about the plans by large coffee growers to renew the export retention program, investors decided to sell.
Add the presence of Cal Ripken Jr. for his 2,102d consecutive game en route to breaking Lou Gehrig's record, and it was a veritable three-ring circus in the Bronx last night.
On Aug. 3, Dr. Travis M. Toly, a neurologist from Haddon Heights, told other participants at a medical conference he was attending in Aspen that he was going out for a hike.
This is the story of two good people, Ms. Schinto, a novelist and anthologist, and her husband, who ran unsuccessfully for Lawrence's City Council.
The Cat gives the kids, and their fish, a trauma that will be tonic for them -- a confrontation with two classic fears that, as Alison Lurie has said, are felt by "all children (and a good many grown-ups)," and that lie at the heart of folk tales that last: the fear of being abandoned and of being devoured.
If the owners accept, McClatchy would sign a final purchase agreement and post the remaining $2 million of his $3 million down payment.
"The key piece is really the service side, finding the compelling, deep-seated services that are going to be in demand," Cory Mitchell, president of SNET Multi Media Services, said.
The direction was not the only aspect of the performance that seemed oddly restrained.
Hamilton E. Holmes, who braved the hostility of racists to integrate the University of Georgia with Charlayne Hunter in 1961 and went on to a distinguished career in medicine and ultimate reconciliation with his alma mater, died on Thursday in his sleep at his home in Atlanta.
The van, described as red or brown with tinted windows, sped off southbound on McGuinness Boulevard and then westbound on Meserole Street, the police said.
The cause of death was heart failure, his son Richard said.
I've wondered about this ever since my friend Marian told me that Band-Aids no longer have that little red tear string.
Since I knew a Win95 version would be out shortly, I decided to wait for that too.
But he didn't win another tournament until a year later, the Buick Westchester Classic.
For all these reasons, cautious experts are forgoing predictions about this week's meeting.
"It was like boot camp.
-- The company repeatedly made policy changes without notifying the immigration service, as required.
" Daniel S. Fruchter, of the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association, was even more blunt: "We've won the war, but we've lost the peace, and this country is losing its way.
The music begins at 9 P.M., and $90 buys a three-course dinner, along with champagne at midnight.
Next Aug. 28 at 2 P.M. Free.
Jakiyah and Ahtavia Maxey, 9, walked to school and played together.
Moloko exports $4 million a year in casein, used in processed cheese, and milk powder, some of which is prettily repackaged abroad and sold back in Russia.
Congress is going too far in its attempt to revise securities laws, Mark Griffin, Utah's securities regulator, warned a Senate panel last week.
commissioner had been barred from deliberations when a prejudgment bias was shown.
Although Mr. Silber's presidency has been less volatile in recent years, faculty tenure continues to be a thorny issue.
Knox designed more than 400 objects for Liberty, all of which were sold under made-up names that sounded vaguely medieval.
George E. Pataki of New York and Gov.
"He would tease them," she said, " 'I heard what you did last night,' he'd say about something that happened.
And many smaller companies were following suit in an effort to streamline operations.
For the three cigarette advertisers in TV Guide, for example, the regulations would mean no surreal depiction of commuters perched on a speeding commuter train for Benson & Hedges 100's, no giant "Kool" sign rising out of the ocean and no "slim 'n sassy" young woman promoting Brown & Williamson's Misty cigarettes.
And they would be right to do it."
While Putnam's service was deciding whether to merge, Westchester's was substantially enlarging its database to include detailed public-record information on the county's quarter-million parcels of privately owned property.
From 10 A.M. to 3 P.M. at the Silvermine Elementary School in Norwalk, parents and children will work together to design a city out of cardboard boxes, colored paper and markers.
Engineering educators see first jobs in places like steel mills as good experience for recent graduates.
At the same time, in a second, less splashy part of the bill, they proposed a $315 billion cut in discretionary spending (after accounting for inflation) over five years.
Often, children were expected to work too.
The budget is $300,000, a frugal and mostly private effort, said Clark, with some corporate donations.
Earlier in the day, the team participated in a St. Patrick's Day parade in Jersey City.
He was taken away almost immediately to a prison in Maryland.
The remaining shares were offered to a select group of companies including Itar-Tass, Aeroflot International Airlines and commercial banks including Menatep, Stolichny, Inkombank and Roscredit.
Plus, this is not the Roman Senate.
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, a Treasury Department agency that oversees the nation's 3,400 federally chartered banks, announced today that its most experienced credit analysts would form a committee to double-check whether the nation's large banks are taking excessive risks.
It is a broad outline for the near future of the university in a time of tightening state resources, and it offers ideas for streamlining management of the campuses and for giving more control to individual campuses.
With an investment portfolio of $9.5 billion, this spread was just under 3 percent in the last fiscal year and moved above 3 percent early in the first half of the current fiscal year.
Ross remembered scouting O'Donnell at a high school basketball game.
Last year the cereal maker, based in Battle Creek, Mich., spent $327.3 million to buy back about 6.2 million of its common shares, according to the company's latest annual report issued yesterday.
"I've told all my producers, 'Don't try so hard this year.'
The Federal Government is also worried about black-market trading in whale meat, which can fetch high prices in Japan.
The news agency Interfax today suggested that the Kremlin was considering asking Washington to recall Mr. Pickering.
Ever met a 120-piece mechanic?
and the Surgeon General's office and eliminating export subsidies, the Maritime Administration and most new Federal land purchases.
As she searched, she said, Mr. Nussbaum paced the office back and forth, running his hands through his hair and looking deeply upset.
The article never quoted Mr. Cuomo as giving a source for Mr. Dinkins's reported statement.
The Westchester Self-Help Clearinghouse, Ms. Slavin said, has been "an important part of recovery for myself and many others."
After Roosevelt's death in 1945 and the discovery of the vaccine for polio in 1954, the town and the foundation declined.
"We never solicited them," said Tony Cannata, Board 10's chairman.
DRUGS The Menopause Market Menopause has clearly arrived as a hot topic.
"Too many have been treated as stepchildren when finalists come to the 18th hole and the networks say goodbye."
Altogether, the game was a triumph for Anand as he tenaciously and ingeniously pulled himself out of an unpleasant situation.
But he said "none of us feel guilty" about the assassination because there was no chance of moderating the radical fringe.
Romanticizing murderers and thieves in film and dignifying their gangs as "families" (as Mr. Freeh's F.B.I.
Governor Whitman said the Democrats' fixation on Washington matters showed their desperation.
14 National 16-23 THE EMERGENCY ROOM BILL Hospitals report that health maintenance organizations are denying more claims for care in hospital emergency rooms.
A 500-seat auditorium will not be finished until months after students move in.
He complained that in a pilot program in which both fire trucks and medical service ambulances are being jointly dispatched to some stricken New Yorkers, the "Bravest," by being first on the scene in one operation, were erroneously given credit in stories for saving a heart attack victim who was actually treated by a paramedic who arrived 90 seconds later.
His flagship fund, Mutual Shares, has compiled an excellent record.
Republicans won a small victory today in their campaign to dismantle or shrink some Government agencies when the Senate, following the lead of the House, voted to abolish the Interstate Commerce Commission.
And how often the best catcher in baseball is in the World Series.
A 50-cubic-centimeter Honda Scoopy is $36 a day for up to three days and $22.50 a day for more than three days.
"Often, implants are called 'normal' when silicone gel is seen on the surface of the implant, and that gel is referred to as 'bleed,' " said the researcher, Dr. Michael S. Middleton of the University of California at San Diego.
The patient was a young girl suffering from a deficiency of the enzyme ADA, a genetic disease that deprives people of a functioning immune system.
There is a sense backstage of a society under surveillance.
The two men, who had each brought along his son, were given a written warning for having undersize lobsters.
"Unfortunately, in this area, for these black ladies to come forward against a white professional man, and go through a public trial, took enormous courage."
He always talked about his knives."
For a client in Palm Beach, Fla., the designer Scott Snyder furnished the dining room of an Addison Mizner house with seven-foot-high gilded Italian pedestals and an eight-foot-high gilded mirror that hangs over a carved French console.
As he hunches forward on a burgundy chair in his dark, oak-walled office, Mr. Atwood can scarcely hide his hurt that colleagues in the Administration had proposed abolishing his agency.
It will also stop paying the $25 fee for a high school equivalency degree.
He was as potent a must-watch as Jackie Gleason in their concurrent halcyon days, and as poignant as Michael Landon in his final dying days.
Kentucky had six players score in double figures and was led by forward Rodrick Rhodes with 14.
What keeps Archbishop McCarrick in a whirl are commitments not only local but also national, particularly his positions as chairman of two different committees within the National Conference of Catholic Bishops: the Committee on Migration and the Committee for Aid to Eastern Europe.
But more recently, the agency suffered a breakdown.
Suffice to say, then, that Mr. Bolcom draws from many musical wells -- classical, popular, modernist and antique -- and forges surprisingly evocative alliances among them.
So what relevance can Nuremberg claim now?
Now, waiting for his name to be called, Mr. Lewis indulged himself in a fantasy of freedom.
The commercial was created by Martilla & Kiley in Boston, which has also created anti-smoking spots for a campaign sponsored by the State of Massachusetts that is funded by a cigarette tax there.
It has 4,000 students, 500 of them graduate students.
He sold preferred shares worth about 1.1 million marks, or $677,000, acting on inside information about poor financial performance at the company's foreign operations, prosecutors said.
For his part, Mr. Archer said, "If there are subsidies out of the appropriations process that go to companies, then you have the question of whether they are justified.
These two executives, along with Mr. Crutchfield, will form an office of the chairman.
An agency spokesman, Mark Mansfield, declined to comment on the case.
As a result, a lot of innocent people, mostly elderly, lost a lot of money."
Fresh from his evening workout, Mr. Duchovny is wearing jeans and a black cotton shirt.
The war occupies a singular place in the Russian national identity that is hard for Americans to appreciate.
"It was a point of pride to come up with something like the Brown Bomber or the Iron Horse."
Others still, about the implications of extraterrestrial beings and the meaning of a vast and ancient universe, are blatantly fuzzy and speculative.
The big moment for Bere came in the eighth inning, with the White Sox ahead by two runs but with two Twins on base and Kirby Puckett at bat.
Not only that, but he wants to reach in and use $5.5 billion of that company nest egg as part of the down payment.
Toys, money, dates, no homework, throwing water balloons, drinking ink, presents and junky snacks.
"But they haven't been doing a lot of transactions.
"Oh, come on," she said.
"We'll take them as they come along," he said.
Mr. Laredo presided over a vibrant, energetic reading, but he never let exuberance overcome opportunities for subtlety.
And beets, roasted in their skins so that their flavor is concentrated, add a cheerful note.
That led to the merger of John Jacob Astor's research library and the extensive rare book collection of a real estate tycoon, James Lenox, including America's first Gutenberg Bible.
POST OFFICE Express Mail and special delivery only.
At an estimated cost of $2.5 billion, the Ford Motor Company has created two lines of stylish and refined family sedans and wagons to court import buyers.
Dr. Tribble, 32, is keeping her name.
"The last time out, he got shot in the tail and they messed up our robotics a little bit," he said.
Snack foods, candy, burgers and fries contain little fiber.
For a brief time he stepped inside.
And the silence left in its wake was -- is -- positively earsplitting.
CAROLINA PANTHERS -- Waived Jerry Colquitt, quarterback; Kevin Feighery, punter; Fred Foggie, safety; Kurt Haws, tight end, and Tyrone Rodgers, defensive end.
Masters of the Universe, like Michael Douglas in "Wall Street," wore highly stuctured power suits; good guys like Don Johnson wore unstructured Italian linens.
Presented by Primary Stages Company, Casey Childs, artistic director.
They say we should end welfare as we know it.
The cost has prodded New York City, where three-quarters of the state's Medicaid recipients live, to apply to the Federal Government on its own for permission to expand managed care.
Ms. Sosa, a maintenance worker at Kennedy International Airport, was being treated for trauma at Elmhurst Hospital Center, Detective Cunningham said.
The event, from 7 to 11 P.M. at the 200 Fifth Avenue Club, at 23d Street, will feature a silent auction and a fashion show with commentary by RuPaul.
"Warchitecture -- Sarajevo: A Wounded City" remains at the Storefront for Art and Architecture, 97 Kenmare Street, SoHo, through March 18.
Representative Bill Archer, the Texas Republican who heads the Ways and Means Committee, opposed the amendment on the ground that the definition of disability was too broad and would allow abuse of the program by people with minor impairments.
Amgen has paid Rockefeller University, whose researchers isolated the obesity gene, $20 million for a patent license.
"This is such a small part of Salomon that it is almost a nonevent."
Mr. Izetbegovic said today that he would go to the Ohio talks prepared to stay as long as was necessary to achieve a settlement.
As she talked to herself, she kept pushing a water glass across the floor with her feet, and this bizarre activity became an eerie image of obsession or even derangement.
She married Richard Starkey, better known as Ringo Starr, in 1965.
To the Editor: "Cities of Shrines" (letter, Aug. 10) credits Edwin O. Reischauer, a Harvard professor and onetime Ambassador to Japan, with urging high American authorities to spare Kyoto the first atomic bomb dropped on Japan 50 years ago.
In the strongest statement of his intentions since economic growth began to stall earlier this year, Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, indicated last night that he was reluctant to cut short-term interest rates right away despite an increased risk of a mild recession.
They can, of course, but the Patriots believe the battle against Denver must be their second coming-out party this season.
Since those reductions, he said, there has been about a 50 percent drop in the number of apartment available to homeless families.
More Indonesian and Singaporean students go to Australia than to any other country.
Winding down steep hillsides to the old center, the road gets narrower, and the armed bunkers become more frequent.
* First Mercury Financial Corp., Southfield, Mich., to the direct response division of W. B. Doner & Co., Southfield, as the first agency to handle direct marketing for its Driver's Direct insurance division.
It helps in this situation."
They will return to their cities and villages to spread the word about problems that are taboo in public discussion -- coerced abortion, female infanticide, forced sterilization, domestic violence.
"It was a major exposure of the prejudices in this country."
Football National Football League BUFFALO BILLS -- Signed Todd Collins, quarterback; Marlon Kerner and Ken Irvin, cornerbacks; and Tony Cline, tight end.
4 -- To conceal the bond's disappearance, Mr. Iguchi is said to have forged statements for Daiwa's bonds deposits at Bankers Trust.
But he confronted the detective with other errors and omissions: how, by testing a blood spot on the vehicle with phenolphthalein, it could no longer be tested for DNA; or failing to photograph Mr. Simpson's chest to prove there were none of the injuries expected from a struggle.
He finished and submitted from his hospital room a book review on Tuesday, and was working on one of his magazine columns on Wednesday, only two days before his death.
As her small program grew, it finally became clear that it was filling seats that were often empty, and that the people who were coming to hear the music were more affluent and younger than Lincoln Center's traditional audiences.
However, I did see a mother and her daughter, about 10 years old, separated, sitting some rows apart.
She continued teaching until February.
But fit for this brave, brutally ugly new world.
Espionage, larceny and murder in Eastern and Western Europe in the post-cold war era.
Mr. Sharpe is scheduled to be sentenced on April 28.
Richard Ravitch, the former chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, is Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's leading candidate for chancellor of New York City's schools, but he has so far refused to say whether he would accept the job, administration and school officials said yesterday.
SANTA FE CHAMBER MUSIC FESTIVAL July 8-Aug. 21 (505-983-2075).
"We're not going to fix it if it's not too badly broken.
"And I think that we couldn't have a more difficult situation for our first race as far as just the waves and all that, and getting to know the boat."
Hardly any Democrats stepped up to support the President, nor did the allies signal any intention to pull back United Nations forces from the Muslim enclaves in Eastern Bosnia to safer positions, the main purpose for which Pentagon officials said their help might be needed.
Edison Bridge over Raritan River.
Indeed, the Napa Valley is more heterogeneous than almost any community other than a Benedictine monastery.
Rejected 313 to 119, April 5.
The United States Open is already infamous for its excesses: too noisy, too crowded, too expensive, too windy, too much hamburger grease, and, according to the event's surly sanitation scout, the third-ranked Thomas Muster, too much garbage wafting through the air over this metropolitan landfill site.
Happy Birthday, Luciano Berio; An Ensemble Gave the Party Musicians' Accord Miller Theater Luciano Berio was not in New York to celebrate his 70th birthday on Tuesday night, but the enterprising Musicians' Accord ensemble gave a party for him anyway.
It was a signal 10-13 (police officer in need of assistance) followed by an Emergency Medical Service code M.C.I.
"I'm watching my weight," Mr. Schundler said.
Higher up were a number of fresh mounds of earth at the bases of trees, each large enough to have concealed a child or small woman: swords and hunting guns buried in a frenzy of activity during the night.
Mr. Jones said he believed one purpose of the request was to bolster the credibility of witnesses who have said that Mr. McVeigh rented the Ryder truck that was carrying the fertilizer and fuel oil bomb that exploded on April 19, shattering the Federal Building and killing 167 people.
To the contrary, Brancusi's career seems a widening spiral in which he explored again and again a few potent ideas.
Six percent blamed "the media" more generally, while 4 percent cited movies.
Today, the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond fell to 6.86 percent, from 6.91 percent.
Not until the 1950's did stock yields fall below those of bonds, as investors concluded that the possibility of capital gains more than offset the lower yield.
He did more than land a potent job.
Can the tournament make any equipment changes that will lead to more between-the-legs shots?
It was with me last month at the Fulton Street subway fire bombing and after the unspeakable death of Soon Sin, the young woman who was pushed in front of a subway train by a convicted felon with a history of emotional problems.
Tempos were slow and studied; large rubatos produced torpor; rhythms lost their bite.
The boys, in homeboy uniforms of baggy shorts, baggy T-shirts and high tops, had settled in.
That dispute began when Japan refused to approve Federal Express flights from its new cargo hub in the former Subic Bay Naval Station in the Philippines.
As Serbian militia leaders rampaged in Bosnia, they grew rich.
It was right for me.
As he was climbing down the fire truck's ladder, the firemen realized their mistake and started beating him.
"The Pebble and the Penguin" was created by the studio of Don Bluth, the director of "An American Tail" and "The Land Before Time."
"I wish it had been more, but as long as I won."
In treatment for a year, Ms. Smith is one of the few Pathway clients to have been able to secure a place in another program.
Mr. Bailey sarcastically asked the detective whether he ventured out to inspect the Rockingham property out of nosiness or a wish for exercise.
Yet another fire was set in the stairwell of a New York City public housing project yesterday, but this time, officials said, a new fire-retardant paint worked and the fire did not spread.
Jo has been listening to the boys intently.
In another potential boon to private plans, the final bill includes a provision not in the House version that would allow plans to increase premiums to a limited degree in certain situations when it appeared Medicare payments would not cover their costs.
I have an apartment with a lease that has an option for a couple of years.
He conceded that the taped-recorded insults of his wife, made to a film professor in North Carolina, could make him look biased no matter how he ruled on anything related to Mr. Fuhrman.
A growing number of Wall Street analysts and former Fed officials say the central bank may decide to put aside the uncertainty about the budget and focus on the economy's strengths and weaknesses.
"To go after the quarterback, especially.
"The challenge in designing the arts program," Mr. Korn said, "was to get all the constituencies involved."
Lately, as legal handguns proliferate even in low-crime areas like this, the gun club, with police supervision, has been encouraging gun-owners to come in and learn weapons safety.
Rebounding from their worst half of the season, the Knicks finally caught the Cavs with a glut of points and defensive stops at the end of the third and beginning of the fourth period.
"He's been very well received by our salespeople and our sales managers."
"We ate a little bit late," Mrs. Hamburg said.
Tommy Pope, the prosecutor facing Mr. Bruck in the Smith trial, may be less admiring.
Council leaders said that the test program, if successful, could lead to widespread use of disposals, which have been banned in much of the city because of concerns that they could cause problems for its aging sewer system.
(+) 13 16 APOLLO 13, by Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger.
Most are straight, some gay.
INSTEAD of swearing "to support and defend" the Constitution, as members of Congress have done on taking office for more than 200 years, the 104th Congress must have pledged "to support and amend."
He was identified by fingerprints, an Interpol photograph and scars.
Her father is a surgeon in Marlton, N.J.
Ruth Humpton proclaims herself an unreconstructed Romantic by photographing a group of smokestacks and, by means of Kodalith, transforming them into the bars of a cage, behind which flutters an angel reproduced from an old engraving.
He transcends Pip's expectations; he is the father who never knows his child, yet he plays the role of provider.
The latest generation of monitoring equipment is more reliable and accurate than earlier models, he said, and as doctors and nurses gain more experience with electronic monitoring, they more accurately interpret the information it provides.
Paul F. Sloan, the former director of institutional portfolio management for Woodbridge Capital Management, has assumed responsibilities for Kemper U.S. Government Securities from Patrick Beimford, who remains fixed-income director for Kemper.
The cause was a heart attack, his wife, Debra, said.
Indeed, it was good to hear such revealing music sung in such a musicianly way, and Mahler does offer the part to alto or baritone.
As many as 50 bald eagles visit in the winter, roosting in the trees that line Sturgeon Lake.
Big Board volume totaled 290.4 million shares.
C1 Health Page C7 DYING WISHES DENIED A new study has found that doctors and hospitals still ignore the expressed wishes of dying patients about matters like life support and pain control.
Mr. Chauhan, 49, laid the groundwork for his sideline as a concert promoter in 1990.
He was the only one.
To use the Hewittian device, isn't that in keeping with the spirit of the Sixth Amendment's call for a public trial?
Manicure dishes hold salt for margaritas.
"To the extent that a union can be taken away from corrupt individuals who have misused that union for their own purposes and returned to its own members, this is going to give a legitimacy not only to the union but to the Javits Center itself," he said.
Mike Powell, the reigning world champion whose record of 29-4 1/2 was restored today, is tired and injured.
A former Riverdale Boy Scout leader who the police say initiated young men into his own private club by paddling them on the buttocks, sometimes photographing them afterward, has been charged with assault, prosecutors said yesterday.
Cossacks yelling, swearing, climbing over the shelves, too bad for the shop, sweating, ginger-bearded Jew.
"Whether a nurse shows up in 30 seconds or in 10 minutes is affected by Medicaid cuts," he says.
Is Time Warner bucking this trend with its extravagant bid to acquire Ted Turner's Cable News Network?
-- DEE ROWE, an athletics adviser at the University of Connecticut, ranked No.
Such an influx will grind to a near halt, Mr. Thompson has predicted, if recipients know they will be forced to work for benefits.
Jay S. Garon, a New York literary agent who transformed his career and the world of publishing with a single call to a Mississippi lawyer in 1987, died on Tuesday at St. Clare's Hospital in Manhattan.
A former Foreign Minister of the Netherlands who has been monitoring human rights in Iraq told a United Nations Commission today that over the last year President Saddam Hussein made an already grave situation "heinous" for Iraqis through officially sanctioned amputations, maiming and branding of dissidents and military deserters.
James Merrill, the Pulitzer Prize-winning poet whose 14 books of verse established him as heir to the lyrical legacy of W. H. Auden and Wallace Stevens, died yesterday in Tucson, Ariz.
Jefferson-Pilot, a life insurer based here, said it would repay purchasers of the approximately 1.5 million automatic common exchange securities, or aces, either in shares of the Nationsbank Corporation or in cash.
Stella Berg, a second grader, had planned to cook something the day of my visit, but the gas was off in her family's building in lower Manhattan.
Dr. Walter Gilbert, a Harvard biologist, said that completion of these genomes will "give us a very deep way of looking back at the original division between the prokarya and eukarya and between them and the archaeobacteria."
The idea that fish helps protect the heart has become entrenched in public perception even though it has never been firmly proved.
Antigua, for example, had about 18,500 overnight visitors in November 1994, tourism officials said; they predict about 40 percent fewer this month.
An acknowledgment, he said, is usually required to record a real estate-related document in the Office of the County Clerk.
The Metrahealth Companies, a joint venture of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and the Travelers Group, said yesterday that it had moved its account in-house after only six months at N. W. Ayer & Partners in New York.
Norma McCorvey, the woman whose fight for the right to an abortion led to the landmark 1973 Supreme Court ruling in Roe v. Wade, said today that she had joined an anti-abortion group and been baptized by its leader.
But his strivings to emulate the westerners with the store below the apartment and an office supply company run from his garage soon collided with with what Germans call the "elbow society" of the pushy westerners.
Yet in the fragmented fragrance category, clutter begets clutter, because fickle customers keep voting with their dollars in favor of constant news -- new brands, new scents, new ads -- to keep themselves interested in what are discretionary purchases.
Sometimes, I even stay for the informal get-together afterward, where Ketul sits effortlessly cross-legged in his loose white pants, gazing at us through his round glasses like some benevolent owl.
"We think the Army has grossly underestimated the cost of reproducing the production lines elsewhere," Mr. Barnhart said.
South Korea's Kia Motor is cast as a determined upstart with a sense of fun in two campaigns created by Goldberg Moser O'Neill in San Francisco.
Hunt organizers had planned for him to wear a 19th-century sackcloth robe, borrowed from a local historical re-enactment group, but the costume did not arrive in time.
"I'm sorry -- I was in the bathroom," said Barbara Eda Young, who almost missed her Obie for playing the angry mother of a radiation victim in "Slavs."
In 1996, Move Over ZIP Mail sent to Manhattan apartments will have to include a key number.
The weather appears to be cooperating across much of the nation, and prices for transportation and lodging are a relative bargain.
"We're probably where Hartford and other cities were 20 or 25 years ago," said James P. Kennedy, the school superintendent in Manchester, a former mill town east of Hartford where the proportion of students from poor families increased to 23 percent in 1994 from 16 percent in 1990.
McAda, who ran for two touchdowns and passed for a third in Army's upset victory over Boston College, scored three touchdowns this afternoon while amassing 103 rushing yards on 17 carries.
Days later, Gates revealed that he had bought the world's greatest storehouse of historical photographs, the Bettmann Archive, adding to his already unchallenged collection of visual images.
The Joseph Papp Public Theater has suspended two long-running programs, Film at the Public and Playwriting in the Schools, George C. Wolfe, the theater's producer, said yesterday.
Working out of her home may be her only chance to make money again.
Wednesday at 1 P.M. Tickets: $7.
For Donna Strieker, executive director of the Beardstown Chamber of Commerce, the group's fame has become practically a full-time job.
It may be embarrassing for recession-bound Japan that its neighbors are booming along at growth rates of 7 percent or more per year, but it is also a major opportunity.
"Contemporary British Architecture," an excellent survey show that has been on view since June, has only two more weeks to run.
At one point the shower became so bad that Lou Piniella, the Mariners' manager, pulled his team off the field.
As years pass, this remote country also sheds its notoriety as a refuge for international criminals.
I used to accept that as fact.
As fatigue and cold began to set in at the end of a long day, many of the hundreds of thousands of black men who had gathered on the great lawn that stretches from the Capitol to the Washington Monument joined hands in a solemn pledge.
Projected onto the back wall of the dimly lighted space is a huge video close-up of undulating waves colored with splotches of pastel light.
Only if they can deliver on $270 billion in Medicare savings.
He was arrested when he returned.
To persuade people to make such an investment, DBS is successfully selling itself as a quantum leap over cable.
Prices, which move in the opposite direction from rates, rose, both for the long bond and at yesterday's three-year note auction.
The corner of Columbus Avenue and 86th Street is one of many places where the merger of Chase Manhattan and Chemical Banking will play out for New Yorkers.
A typical example might be something like 10-15-10.
A19 NEW ABORTION ISSUE A new debate has flared in the long-smoldering fight over abortion, focusing on a rarely used method to end pregnancies after more than 20 weeks of gestation.
Caring for and resettling as many as 2.1 million refugees in the former Yugoslavia and another 700,000 people who fled mainly to Europe will be a monumental task.
Of wanting nothing more than to see all "niggers" gathered together and burned?
They are often dutiful sons or daughters to self-absorbed mothers who do not deserve such loyalty.
One of his co-defendants, Kevin Granato, 35, who was also dressed in prison clothing, told Judge Raggi that he needed more time to get a lawyer.
But we had wanted to stay loose and go where our fancy took us, and a mention of the town in an airline magazine piqued our imagination.
"During the first stage of negotiations, an agreement was reached on a mutual cease-fire concerning heavy weapons," the Russian Government Press Service confirmed tonight, implying that further talks would try to broaden the truce.
The overall effect is simultaneously cheerful and austere, qualities one might have thought incompatible.
The explanation is that in France, much more than the U.S., the state, and the President, tend to be all-powerful, and the rights of the citizens are granted by the state.
"Their life expectancy is too short."
He more than held his own against the Seattle left-hander Randy Johnson, who was seeking to become the first Mariner ever to start the season 7-0.
"We try to have a very distinct point of view on our Web sites and CD-ROM's," he said, "that tells people 'here's what's sponsored and here's what's not.'
It concluded, "School officials had no right to object to Mr. Kim's failure to remove the home page."
*Visit to see how children interact with the staff.
It's a more persuasive solution to the mystery of what was going through Susan Smith's mind -- and it shows up dramatically in her confession as the motive for her act: "My children deserve to have the best," so I killed them to install them in God's garden.
Thirteen million acres may sound like a lot, but it is less than 3 percent of the upper Mississippi watershed.
Conan O'Brien, the host of NBC's "Late Night," has known Ms. Kudrow since 1985, when they took an improvisational acting class together.
"We're seeing a bit of history here," said Marian Bergeson, a supervisor.
That newspapers live on borrowed time is not a new idea.
Five months after Ruby Ridge, four agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, and an unknown number of Branch Davidians, were killed in a shootout when the firearms bureau raided the group's compound near Waco in an effort to seize its leader, David Koresh, who was wanted for weapons offenses.
The bassist, using repeated figures and chords, added a deep lower register, a pulse that had the audience flooding the dance floor.
For Ohioans, the Rock-and-Roll Hall of Fame is an investment in respect.
Many of the stories' protagonists inhabit a fringe rocker world of gritty clubs and stolen guitars, little purple pills and woozy mornings.
It must also include the money to pay for the mandate.
Basketball National Basketball Association SEATTLE SUPERSONICS-Announced the resignation of Rick Sund, college scout and consultant to the general manager, to become vice president of player personnel for the Detroit Pistons.
"This is such a scene."
Henry O. Selz, who spent his life providing food, medicine and other help to international refugees from war, famine or poverty, died on Oct. 10 when a car he was driving struck a pole on a highway near his home in Fairhaven, Mass.
It is at once a shelter and a craft item, a linking of the male domain of architecture with the female world of needlework.
"I knew he was down," she says in the magazine's Sept. 11 issue.
A1 A WILDERNESS STRUGGLE On remote Cumberland Island, Ga., an attempt to restore a decaying mansion has prompted fears of overdevelopment.
Brian Hansen soon got off the first of his two punts.
The district promised to replace all of the portable classrooms eventually.
The measure is part of a financial package proposed last week by Mr. Conway that includes increasing subway and bus fares and raising commuter rail fares and bridge and tunnel tolls.
Then I pounced with a question about his rival: Do you think Dick Morris is a loathsome, despicable, immoral snake in the grass?
Fighting was also reported in Serbian-held Hadzici, to the west, where Bosnian troops appeared to have advanced from Tarcin and Pazaric, and in the western Sarajevo suburb of Ilidza.
His 10-year-old daughter said she had been puzzled by Gabriella's demeanor on Tuesday.
"The Ambrosia Home has failed to intervene," it said.
Ms. Kaplan came from Cincinnati to study at the Pratt Institute and the City University of New York then, in 1971, returned west, settling in Denver.
"I thought I would throw up," he said.
The next step is to award the franchises to cities, and I feel very confident that Phoenix along with Tampa will be the two."
But as the church and social scene changed, membership dwindled to barely 200, and the church drifted into the red.
Shows like "Hello, Dolly!," "Stage Door Charley" and "Victor/Victoria" are on tour.
The efficiency of the work's logic is wittily self-evident to the eye, yet it becomes suddenly entangled when one attempts to explain the actions that created it.
The contract of Virginia Tech's basketball coach, BILL FOSTER, was his contract extended yesterday for five years.
Mr. Gordy will be remembered as a producer, not a songwriter.
And rather than threaten Mr. Arafat, he credited the Palestinian administration for working with Israeli security forces to prevent other attacks.
Now, she said, she is six months pregnant with the Hutu officer's child, all her relatives are dead, and her life has become a daily battle of shame, fear, ostracism and poverty.
It is there they expect to find up to 20 children who attended the day care center in the building and are still missing.
Otherwise, the conventional wisdom holds, a grumpy electorate might grow even more disgusted with Washington gridlock and even more open to an independent candidate, an abiding fear in both parties.
It would be kind to call her performance eccentric.
Janet Overholt, 45, a receptionist, took her 12-year-old daughter, Sarah, to the movie because Sarah likes movies about young people in the city, had heard about this one and wanted to go.
In the spring, gardens bloom with crocuses and tulips.
The Americans, unbeaten in six games against Japan, went ahead on Lilly's 35-yard shot that beat goalkeeper Junko Ozawa.
Lawrence Ruby performed the ceremony at the First Presbyterian Church in Red Bank, N.J. Mrs. Steenkamer, 27, is a registered dietitian at West Jersey Hospital in Voorhees, N.J. She graduated from the University of Delaware and received a master's degree in health education from St. Joseph's University.
But state regulators, after a two-day state inspection last week, found a "pattern of failure to adhere to safe medical and surgical practice" that "jeopardized patient safety."
Senator Bruno's son, Joseph, will also start work next week with the State Office of General Services as a construction inspector.
Also, U S West, which has a separate partnership with Time Warner, was threatening legal action to block the deal unless it was allowed to approve it.
In the television age, Mr. Baker theorized in 1980, the attention he was attracting on Capitol Hill would be sufficient to power his campaign.
"I remember this time Fowler's wife" -- that's the writer Gene Fowler -- "wouldn't let him go out, she didn't want him to get drunk," he says.
Lithe, intense and possessed of impressive physical control, Ms. Orihara filled Space Unlimited, a SoHo gallery, with her presence on Friday night.
Before his assignment to the Balkans, Captain O'Grady had flown F-16's in Germany and Italy.
plan cuts the total number of directors on the three boards to just over 40 in all, down from 55, as first proposed.
Following is a partial list of dividend meetings this week: MONDAY BankAmerica Corp General Mtrs Corp Macerich Co Republic Gypsum Source Cap Inc Teleflex Inc Titan Hldgs Inc TUESDAY Airborne Fght Corp Albany Intl Corp Alco Std Corp Crown Crafts Inc Hannaford Bros Co Integon Corp Del Questar Corp Sprint Corp Suntrust Bks Inc WEDNESDAY Atmos Energy Corp Duff&Phelps Cr Rating Meredith Corp Pacificorp Uslife Income Fd Inc Wynns Intl Inc THURSDAY Carpenter Technology CCP Ins Inc Conseco Inc Current Income ShsInc Equitable Iowa Cos Financial Sec Assurn Manitowoc Inc Pacific Amern Income RLI Corp Security-Conn Corp FRIDAY Deluxe Corp
The F.D.A., which has been considering the substance for years, will hold public hearings in November on its use.
But last night, at 100 "Tables of Contents" dinners organized to celebrate the centennial, there were no "quiet, please" signs, and no one checked whether the guests had any overdue books.
Some of these scenarios are offered by the agencies themselves or by advocates for programs.
And next week the market will have added supply when the Treasury sells $40 billion of new securities during its quarterly auction.
It is increasingly apparent that someone with H.I.V.
Mr. Sosnick, who had been a Congressional liaison at the White House, is close to Mr. Ickes and is a former top aide to Senator Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut, whose installation as general chairman of the Democratic National Committee Mr. Ickes helped engineer last month.
The Olde Discount Corporation, the nation's fourth-largest discount brokerage firm, positions itself as the high-frills participant in a no-frills business.
The passion, first and foremost, was Mr. Cavanaugh's.
The Security Council veto has brought even sharper disagreements.
"History has shown that companies that have identified such problems early and handled them rapidly can bounce back fairly quickly," Mr. Ferst said.
Bob Estes and Grant Waite were another stroke off the pace.
The children actually delight in each passing.
A3 JAPAN LEADERSHIP STRUGGLE Japan's Trade Minister appeared to win the battle to lead the largest party in Japan's governing coalition when the Foreign Minister dropped out, but that is likely to make the coalition even more fragile.
Think of movie stars like Grace Kelly or Audrey Hepburn boarding a train with a squarish cosmetics case in hand.
At other tables, with a less inspired lead, South invariably made three no-trump, often with an overtrick.
Eighth-seeded Western Kentucky rallied from a 14-point deficit, scored the opening 10 points of overtime and dispatched Michigan and the seniors Jimmy King and Ray Jackson.
"It seems like for us to score, we really have to work hard to do it.
"The event pushed me from Wunderkind to desperado.
But a good guess, guidance counselors say, is that it began in the early 1980's when the University of Pennsylvania asked applicants, "Give us page 217 of your 300-page autobiography."
We still think of the front door as the real threshold of our homes, even if our friends use the kitchen door, and we ourselves enter the house chiefly through the garage.
That shift is intended to save $10 million; nearly 200 administrative jobs will be eliminated, said Robert McHugh, a department spokesman.
The United States had acquired the money from sales of surplus agricultural products.
The Devils came into Boston Garden for this series in high spirits and nothing that happened here the past two days dampened them.
Bridgestone and Caterpillar say they face similar competitive pressures.
"This admission demonstrates again that the Council can get results when it is firm and consistent in demanding Iraqi compliance."
I posted requests for translation help at three major Eastern universities in the United States; for what I could afford to pay there was not a single expression of interest."
Larry Holmes stopped Gerry Cooney in the 13th round in 1982, but the judges had given the Great White Hype many more rounds than he deserved.
The Mountaineers won six of their last seven games.
The prom that Joe Berry and Tanya Mokienko attended before they died was alcohol free.
What has been distressful, however, has been the violence of language on the part of some who disagree with me.
Mr. Izzard said he was optimistic that buying would increase again, especially in America.
Oh, you're so unspoiled and respectful of your siblings, both of whom you gracefully acknowledge "made the path" into acting possible for you.
Since early in his tenure, Mr. Clinton has said the embargo on arms shipments to the Bosnian Government should be lifted.
The station is supported by contributions and advertisements and claims more than 300,000 listeners at peak hours -- 20 percent of the radio audience -- although a survey by the Advertisers Association of Israel puts the number at 170,000.
No one was injured in the attack.
She graduated from the State University at Buffalo and received a master's degree in elementary education from Hunter College.
I don't worry about what I can't control.
The words "Il Giorno mi pesa sulla notte" ("The day weighs on me at night") are inscribed on the edge of the pink slab facing the head of the toppled column.
The rules themselves would make secrecy more routine in courts that should be open.
Two authors have been named as the 1995 winners of the Bancroft Prize, awarded annually by Columbia University for books about American history, biography and diplomacy.
But the series has been no laugher for the Knicks since their 24-point victory in Game 1.
It's a drama in which Jeff Bridges and Rosie Perez survive a horrifying plane crash.
Before today's report, analysts anticipated a $9 billion increase in consumer credit for May.
The normal function of PC1's is not known, Dr. Goldfine said.
At the Anasazi ruins in Mesa Verde, he meets the silversmith's 13-year-old sister and her pet coyote, two of the most enchanting subjects among the author's trademark portraits of inner-directed children and unnervingly intelligent animals.
The article states that the cottage owners approached Long Island Traditions to conduct this survey, so that properties would be declared historic landmarks.
Last week, Guillermo Linares did just that.
The chipmunk's hideaway was revealed purely by accident.
Castilla's heroics came after Brian McRae led off the ninth with his 10th homer of the season to tie the game 2-2.
Just as another group of Huskies found a way to limit Shaquille O'Neal of Louisiana State in the 1991 tournament, this group used the inside work of Travis Knight and Eric Hayward to create early foul problems for Smith and prevent the gifted center from taking over the game.
Well before the Rabin assassination, the stock market had been depressed, hurting even well-regarded companies like ECI Telecommunications Ltd., Bezeq, Tadiran and Teva Pharmaceutical.
Its low marsh of spade-leafed arrow arum, purple-spiked pickerel weed, pink swamp rose and fledgling vetch seems to stretch on forever.
Said Jeffrey Kessler, an antitrust lawyer who is representing the players seeking decertification: "It is very regrettable and really ironic that they would mention the issue of greed, since it is widely known that the players association is giving a portion of its $25 million in licensing money to the retired players.
Invemed Associates Inc. Numed Home Health Care Inc., Belleair Bluffs, Fla., 900,000 units (each representing 2 shares and 2 warrants).
Gino Silvestri, principal of Julia Richman High School on East 67th Street in Manhattan, complained that the report cards would be used to compare schools with very different student populations.
A doctor stumbles into a tangle of international conspiracies.
He has lived here for 30 years.
" Wohlers's belated development took the Braves out of the market for an established closer, not that they were ever in the pursuit of one, like Rick Aguilera, whom Minnesota traded to Boston last week.
Energy prices continued their fall after large oil companies announced plans to restaff offshore oil and natural gas production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico after Hurricane Opal merely swiped past production platforms.
Haley Barbour, chairman of the Republican National Committee, said: "It's a natural effect of such an incredibly fast pace.
And while she said at the time that she didn't want to "genderize" her accomplishments, she realized the implications of what might happen on Saturday, and didn't duck.
The most closely watched race, for Governor of Tokyo, was won by a former songwriter and author, Yukio Aoshima, 62, who spent only about $800 as a candidate and did not bother to campaign.
This is his whole career, he puts his heart and soul into the Police Department."
Russ Davis, an infielder, had been optioned to Columbus to make room for Pettitte, but now Davis may be kept on board in case Kelly goes on the disabled list.
But, in recounting a meeting he had with Mr. Dole last week, Mr. Merrill hinted that such an endorsement might be forthcoming.
Sometimes the growing crowds cause not just inconvenience for visitors but real damage to the parks, as is threatened at Mesa Verde, one of the country's top archeological sites, with its Anasazi cave dwellings.
Vacancy rates in northern Virginia have dropped from a high of 22 percent at the end of 1990 to a little more than 9 percent at the end of the first quarter, said Ben Orme, the manager of CB Commercial Real Estate Group office in Tysons Corner, Va.
Cornwall has been virtually television-less up to now, sort of existing in a pre-television time.
It's not that the Allens can't receive cable television; they still subscribe to Adelphia Cable's basic service to get the local broadcast stations they cannot pick up with a regular antenna.
Votes on the others will follow on Thursday.
But the ruling on Thursday may lead to changes in broadcast regulations that please even some of Mr. Murdoch's toughest rivals.
"And you can't have a group of 18 meeting day-to-day and week-to-week," Mr. Katz said.
The Roman Catholic Church also seems to be struggling with the issue.
The dogs were first used on Wednesday after a small bomb exploded in the East Room at the Mabel Smith Douglass Library.
She later said she was disappointed that the commission seemed to dismiss the board's plans to improve screening, training and supervision of security officers.
Richard Shadyac, executive director of St. Jude's fund-raising arm, said the hospital had never gotten an anonymous donation of more than about $200,000 before this.
Health care is only one of many similar issues -- auto safety, the environment, education, the use of public lands, etc.
It's no longer beyond the pale to be critical."
At his murder trial the next year a jury found him not guilty by reason of insanity.
But for the last few days the Bank of England seems to have been located closer to Peyton Place.
Her anxious influence, once an exceptional presence in movies, music, writing and photography, has become the rule.
Then he aimed at his left leg, but the gun jammed.
Beginning May 29, Mr. Kaplan said, Onsale will offer a changing variety of items that might include tickets to sold-out events like Broadway plays and the Super Bowl, to collections of wines or rare coins.
In the bungalow, the police found medical equipment used to perform plastic surgery, along with a woman's wig and a pair of very large women's shoes.
A society ruled by law cannot tolerate a police laced with perjurers, racists and criminals: It must not expect -- no less endorse -- criminal convictions based on the work of these people.
She has often cited "Five Easy Pieces" as the turning point, specifically the scene in which Jack Nicholson orders a tuna salad sandwich in a diner.
They cited the episode as evidence of how Mr. Eisner's hard-ball approach can interfere with his business acumen.
But he said it could be used in industrial production like North Korea's steel industry.
At Alice Tully Hall Sunday at 8:30 P.M., closing the 33d New York Film Festival, with a commercial release planned for Nov. 10 in New York.
2 official, vows to do likewise.
can direct them to the right combination of outpatient and home-care services and remind them to take their drugs regularly for high blood pressure and other ailments.
She said that meeting rooms and accommodations were scattered all over the town, which took them 50 minutes to reach in a car with a police escort.
W. H. Smith Group P.L.C., the British book, newspaper, music and hardware retailer, said yesterday that it would cut 1,050 jobs, or 3 percent of its work force, in an effort to improve its performance after a flagging economy pushed down its pretax profit for the 1995 fiscal year by 8 percent.
Sitting around the house, the three share increasingly strained mealtimes and watch "The Wicker Man," a dizzy pagan-ritual extravaganza that's exactly right for this crowd.
"There has been tremendous anger on the part of my constituents on this issue."
Perhaps realizing that no challenger has emerged within the party, 75 percent of Democrats say Mr. Clinton should be renominated, a 12-point jump from August.
"Windows 95 and Microsoft Network are two separate purchase decisions," explained Russell Siegelman, general manager of Microsoft's on-line services business.
She graduated from Pennsylvania State University and received an M.B.A. from George Washington University.
In addition, in June 1945 when Americans chose the cities for atomic bombing, they were Kyoto, Hiroshima and Kokura.
More than 300 people crowded the street to look and to try to console him and crying children, the police said.
Shares rose 50 cents, to $70.375, on trading of 1.00 million shares, exceeding its three-month daily average of 967,900.
There has been little clean water, hardly any food and no shelter from the rain.
Many, in fact, honor people who were slave masters."
"It took them four or five days to even find his body," she said.
Emma Thompson, who adapted the novel for the screen and plays Elinor, the older, more composed sister, saw Ms. Winslet as the right actress to capture the "quixotic, idealistic" temperament of a girl who meets her first, faithless love during an ill-advised walk during a summer rainstorm.
After a survey of its 713 residents the village drew up a two-prong plan for a three-month restricted hunt, beginning at the end of this month, and a hunt next year, to be followed by a contraceptive program to keep the numbers stable.
"For us to step up and do this against a good-hitting team like the Tigers is beneficial for us.
By using digital technology in the editing, layout, and printing of books, Mr. Newcomb said that Simon & Schuster could trim 25 percent from the cost of the average textbook.
He stayed later on Thursday and arrived earlier today than Bob Dole, the Senate Republican leader, who often left his chief of staff, Sheila P. Burke, to supervise senators involved in the negotiations.
To monitor the quality of care and identify the cheapest, most effective treatments, many large medical networks are pressing forward with studies of the amount of care needed and the best treatments for particular illnesses.
Thomas Bradley, the operator of the boat, remained hospitalized.
Later in the day, Mr. Salem said some of the defendants were aware as early as 1991 that the F.B.I.
Height could be no more than 5 feet 11 inches because of limited cabin space available in the Mercury space capsule being designed.
IN the end, giving up the children and the old people didn't stop the deportations to the gassing centers; the German intention, from the beginning, was to kill everyone, productive worker or not.
In the course of its inquiry, the agency has sown dissension among university officials quick to disclaim any kind of culpability.
A train wreck" is how Democratic Senator Wayne R. Bryant described operations at the state Division of Motor Vehicles since Gov.
Lucy Fahrion, 85, who ran the Enterprise Cafe & Lounge for 34 years before shutting it down in 1973, sits in a lounge chair in her trailer on Glasgow Avenue and said: "I'd like to see Rico stay just like it is.
A4 National A16-23 DOLE MAKES IT OFFICIAL In what may be the last chance for the White House for the World War II generation, Senator Bob Dole opened his third bid for the Republican Presidential nomination.
But proponents overlook the downstream danger.
He performed a Caesarean section by the side of the road.
Pauses, accents and attacks in the Haydn were almost too well prepared, particularly in the opening of the first movement, where listeners would probably prefer to hear the gently rising and expanding figures unobstructed by the intellectual sweat that goes into playing them.
Many traders interpreted those remarks to mean that the Fed would raise interest rates at the two-day meeting of its policy-making committee, which begins on Tuesday.
A playoff invitation for the Atlanta Falcons!
She made it clear, however, that her idea of radical change does not include giving the Mayor more control over the budget.
And even though it is dated 1986, the same goes for Hilo Chen's Photo Realist painting of a sunbather, lying on a beach strewn with cigarette ends, her face obscured by a reflector.
V.P., Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Princeton, N.J., April 17, 1995
Crew said he would use what he learned in obtaining his bachelor's degree in business from Babson College in Massachusetts to produce a document that has eluded his predecessors, one showing exactly where every dollar is spent, school by school.
Mr. McIntire is not alone.
When AT&T bought NCR, long a major force in Dayton, Ohio, it tore holes in the social fabric.
But Mr. Nichols said he was pleased with the outcome of a battle that began when he withheld permits for construction at the university unless the payments in lieu of taxes increased.
The dispute over the count grew with another estimate, of 870,000 people, made later in the week by Boston University's Center for Remote Sensing, in a study commissioned by ABC-TV.
"It's just awesome," said Gordon Alexander, 24, a paralegal from Washington as he emerged from the Washington Monument where he had snapped an aerial view of the gathering.
I'm sure he was thinking just that as the ball was in the air.
"To tell the truth," he says, "I hate this modern, tuneless stuff myself.
Hours later, aboard Air Force One, Mr. Lake and the President concluded that the Administration could not ignore the press reports.
Something still blocked the way.
The median price for a co-op in the fourth quarter of 1994 was $66,000, compared with $70,000 in the same period of 1993.
"My observation is that this is further indication Negron is involved with the negotiation of the contract, and he's not entitled to be."
Playing in the Vienna Philharmonic doesn't allow time for much more.
Still, Mr. Joel is never arrogant, and rarely unapproachable, to those who take pictures of his every move.
Pro basketball starts dribbling this weekend.
Yet losing is almost assured if all are focused only on exit strategy and never on what we have to do to win.
And, to the chagrin of small-market clubs, there is no increased revenue sharing because big-market clubs still link revenue sharing -- which could distribute $58 million -- to major concessions by the players.
McCARTER THEATER "Private Lives," by Noel Coward, directed by Stephen Wadsworth.
The thing is, we could take almost anybody's life and do the same thing."
Under current law, someone who successfully brings a lawsuit may collect all the damages from the most wealthy defendant, even if that defendant is responsible for only small part of the problem.
"I came here to play every day and I don't play every day, but I accepted it," Polonia said.
Southern California (2-0) at Arizona (2-1) A good conference test on the road for Southern California and its spectacular receiver, Keyshawn Johnson (8 for 176 against Houston).
He had never doubted his decision until tonight, as each of the five waiters pushed through the dining-room door bearing Limoges smudged with scorned caviar.
Motorola's 17 percent stake will cost it about 246 million French francs ($50 million).
Officials denied assertions by North Korea that the flight was a spy mission.
Last year, the school priority was technology, and we made some wonderful grants in that area as well as in other areas.
"This place is a fortress," he said.
Monique Little, a seventh grader who said she planned to apply to Brooklyn Tech, said that schools would be better environments for learning if all ethnic groups were better represented.
Late that afternoon, a single tank and about 100 Serbian infantrymen approached the Dutch blockade and fell back under a hail of .50-caliber machine-gun fire.
"She challenged her impairment, and uses it as a motivating event.
So even if fan interest is slow in rebuilding, he added, "what we end up paying will be adjusted accordingly."
He previously worked in sales positions at two other television stations, WSBK in Boston and WAGA in Atlanta.
"Jay is used to traveling around with musicians, and he knows how seriously they take themselves," he said.
3 Chevy Monte Carlo won the Brickyard 400 with the kind of perseverance that should send misgivings into the hearts of his rivals for the 1995 championship.
Mycogen was assigned patent 5,380,831.
"But many traders are still being careful about their moves ahead of the meeting."
Ranchers commonly insist that productivity is reduced when prairie dogs compete with cattle for forage.
The Administration, which negotiated the agreement two years ago, is now fearful that the trucks could pose safety hazards and spur trade in illegal drugs.
By sticking to its guns, the Administration has won a series of remarkably specific commitments requiring the Chinese authorities to inspect every compact disk factory and software house, and to close down the offenders or force them to license the technology they use.
Recent opinion polls have shown voters favoring Labor over the ruling Conservative Party by a wide margin.
The trade group's current chief, Peter Sutherland of Ireland, is scheduled to step down on March 15.
The Chicago Crime Commission said it was responsible for 42 killings and 16 shootings so far this year.
Sierra studied his 419-foot homer closely, barely strutting out of the batter's box as it drifted into the night.
But when he went to a similar event earlier this month, "there was only one commission-only fellow there."
The gallant, vulnerable woman in these letters was precisely the character I wanted to write about, which is why I studied them so intently.
And the general hilarity of "All Creatures" raised false expectations for "Berserks," a pounding, driving grand finale for six dancers and the four musicians of Savage Aural Hotbed, all dressed in black and white and all percussionists, stamping feet, beating sticks or tapping a triangle.
"But that's not why I go to the theater."
The consequences for curious nibblers can be drastic: severe illness or, in some cases, death.
Mr. Fieldsteel worked in New York for Seagram, the Montreal-based distilled-spirits and wine giant, for 42 years, ultimately becoming executive vice president of finance and administration before his retirement in 1983.
Contrary to A. M. Rosenthal's Oct. 17 column, for instance, the march was not a "blow to the American dream"; it was a rekindling of the American dream for millions of disaffected American men -- and women.
The glass pictures, done between 1921 and 1932, are the main event.
We now know that her 11 1/2 years as Prime Minister did not permanently alter British political culture, did not produce a once-and-for-all leap forward in industrial productivity and did not destroy the Labor Party, even though, as Mr. Dellheim says, she surely put paid to the far left.
NEW YORK CITY TWO CON ED WORKERS ARE SHOT IN QUEENS Two Consolidated Edison workers and an elderly passer-by were shot by a gunman who fired a semiautomatic weapon in broad daylight on a street in Jamaica, Queens.
The answer, which is even more relevant now than ever, will depend on who the other player is.
And he did, remarkably, want to marry her.
Apparently, Skytop's gentility extends to Camp in the Clouds.
Dr. Cleland was on the faculty of the Long Island school from its inception in 1962.
This year Graf, who has played just one match since the Open, has played nine tournaments and won seven, three of them Grand Slam events.
The local textile industry, which used to employ 4,000 workers, can only employ 400 if it is to be competitive, the Mayor said.
The other morning, he parked the cart in a clearing full of high mounds.
So Princess Aku comes with a story line.
The wide receivers are real good."
But some of the girls got scared and started panicking."
No serious incidents were reported.
Mr. Wile returned from France when World War II broke out.
And they are, everywhere else in the world.
These field fruits store well if they are wiped clean, cured and placed in a cool, dry place where they will not be subject to freezing.
Cotton prices have climbed 12.6 percent so far this year, reaching their highest levels since trading began in 1870.
At its peak, Mrs. Namir said, 120,000 Arabs worked in Israel, 72,000 of them legally -- 50,000 in construction and 12,000 in agriculture.
Meanwhile, Mattingly was caught stealing in the sixth inning, breaking his streak of 11 straight stolen bases that began in 1987.
Aides said he considered using his weekly radio address today to discuss the crisis, then decided against it, preferring to wait until NATO military planners sort out more details.
But what choice did he have?
Lately composers have been seeking ways to change that relationship and to bind the two art forms into something new, with music on an equal footing.
The German's sharpest shot of the match was his criticism of the roof that made this match possible.
"I just felt very isolated here and had to get back to New York," said Mr. Hedaya.
As Romanticism came back into favor in the 1980's, however, Mr. Cherkassky became something of a cult figure.
"Today, I was just waiting for the wind.
Participating shops include Patricia Field, Trash and Vaudeville, Giorgio Brutini, Juno and L'Impasse.
The first blow came when scientists like Kurt Godel proved that mathematical systems are always incomplete and cannot be relied on to describe nature.
Ever since Pathmark Stores Inc. announced plans to build two new, giant supermarkets in New York City -- one in East Harlem and another in southeastern Queens -- the fate of small markets and grocery stores in those neighborhoods has been the subject of intense, emotional debate.
"She started calling '411' and finding numbers," Ms.
Steinbrenner reiterated his critical view of the latest plan the city presented to him to remain at Yankee Stadium.
For two years, Mr. Lynn and Mr. Diaz served together on the Civilian Complaint Review Board, which reviews complaints of police misconduct.
We sang gospel because we weren't allowed to sing anything else.
Storms in California and Texas during the quarter will account for the remaining $18 million of the charge, the company said.
After more than a decade as a journalist for the BBC, The Observer and The Sunday Times, the transition to fiction was not easy.
If Senate Republicans have their way, benefits will be substantially rolled back.
Joseph Goble of the Royal Navy, was killed in World War II.
"Minnesober," is a land where the 12 steps of Alcoholics Anonymous are worshiped as fervently as the Ten Commandments, where "drunks" and "junkies" were first renamed "chemically dependent," their long-suffering spouses later dubbed "codependent."
You don't need to get arrested to get my attention.'
A victory is vital because no one wants to sit on a loss before a bye week.
Several walls caved in, killing nine men.
"I think we'll start seeing companies offering 7.5 percent mortgage rates," said David A. Lereah, chief economist for the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.
"He's probably using Jews as a scapegoat," she replied.
In addition, an adult day program for the community will be started."
"Very nice," said Dr. Haskin, a retired Rutgers zoology professor, aboard an oyster boat making a test run out of the oysterishly named port of Bivalve.
The chummy newsroom of "Lou Grant," in Los Angeles, was an offspring of the television newsroom on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," where Lou Grant was mentor and boss to the unseasoned Mary Richards.
Because it would be wrong.
Along with Medicaid, the health program for the poor, Medicare is the fastest growing part of the Federal budget.
American and German soldiers then arrived to protect the prisoners.
In Farm Journal's directory, about 77 percent of the entries came from men.
It's no wonder that a country that cannot even resolve a crisis in its breakaway region of Chechnya repeatedly says no to the United States -- whether it is to curb the Serbs in Bosnia or end its nuclear cooperation and arms deals with Iran.
Its views include a strong emphasis on traditional academic subjects, support of school prayer, tax-financed vouchers and sex education stressing abstinence.
"You can only go so far with people chopping heads off and jumping out of the grave," he says.
Eleven-year-old Jeffrey Coverdale 2d saw pictures of the mangled building on television.
Nationally, there are 3.9 million women battered every year by husbands, ex-spouses and boyfriends, said Joan Zorza, senior lawyer for the National Center on Women and Family Law in Manhattan.
The judge, Connie Steinheimer of Washoe County District Court, acted on Wednesday in response to a full-page advertisement placed by Dow Corning in The New York Times and 18 other newspapers that day.
Lynn D. Wardle, a law professor at Brigham Young University, said the new Utah law was designed to close a loophole that might have compelled local authorities to recognize marriages of gay or lesbian couples -- including Utah residents -- who traveled to Hawaii to be wed.
The scientists found that the mice strive to maintain a constant level of the hormone, called leptin, and do so by maintaining the appropriate amount of body fat.
DiMaggio was a rarity, a power hitter who seldom struck out.
Still, you wonder: Don't they have anything better to worry about?
Before it was built, he said, you could count the shops and restaurants on one hand.
We don't have as many as we would like, but that's the challenge."
BROOKLYN TEAM WINS: Boys and Girls High School of Brooklyn won four varsity events and took the boys' team title in the sixth annual Kings Relays at Downing Stadium on Randalls Island.
She voted as she saw fit.
But there is another center emerging along another river -- the Jordan River, where the Zionists, the Jordanian Hashemites and the Palestinians are coming together in a loose economic federation that, despite all its contradictions, is going to radiate power and influence.
But what is missed by many critics -- who tend to be concentrated in the media centers of New York, Washington and Los Angeles where the recovery has been most limited -- is that so many Americans actually feel much better these days about the economy than is generally recognized.
Countering accusations of inefficiency that are often leveled at the bureau, Mr.
In his weekly radio address today, President Clinton focused on the importance of child support.
Athletes with blood on their uniforms must change uniforms.
"It's got a swimming pool in the back for the kids."
Don Mattingly liked the scenario when it was presented to him before the Yankees defeated Toronto, 9-2, last night at Yankee Stadium.
Prosecutors said Honda was not only defrauded, but also faced potential lawsuits from dealers who did not receive the preferential treatment given by Mr. Josleyn and Mr. Billmyer.
I'm often amazed at the reactions when I say that to people.
All told, he said, there was a net issuance of $4.7 billion.
He's picking out guys, finding our jump shooters, doing a good job.
Furthermore, Morningstar could not identify every holding.
Clinton might even point out that an independent prosecutor was in the White House two weeks ago, and the President of the U.S. had to answer his questions.
1 if I didn't think that."
Mellon is still eager to complete the deal, and now is considering whether to make a renewed offer to the Bank of Boston board, people familiar with Mellon said.
Other items on the parody platter: an ABC News "Nightline" session with "Colin Powell" ("I think Senator Dole here would make a wonderful Secretary of Agriculture") and "Senator Bob Dole" (smarmily suggesting that the general is homosexual because of his partiality to the word splendid) and "Legs Up," a nifty tribute to dance legends, in this case "Ann Miller" and "Debbie Reynolds."
Donna Lynne, director of the office, said 480 calls came in yesterday, overwhelming the lone receptionist who answers the line.
You don't allow that in your life.
"That's where you win and lose ball games," said Kent, who slammed down his helmet in disgust after his second strikeout.
Improving productivity -- meaning each worker produces more goods in the same amount of time -- helped hold down companies' labor costs last year, as did small increases in wages.
Prudential has tried and tried again, but has had more funds finish in the bottom 20 percent than in the top 40 percent, according to Jonathan Teall of Lipper.
We want to take part in the globalization of the media."
In the last fiscal year, the county anticipated earning $160 million in interest from investments in the portfolio -- compared with less than $120 million that it had expected to take in from taxes, according to the Arthur Anderson report.
Mr. Silvera said the union had planned another selective walkout for yesterday morning, this time on the Harlem line, but reconsidered in part because of the season's first snowfall, which would have compounded the chaos caused by a walkout.
When Lakshin awakened yesterday morning, there was a note under the door from a grateful Klein: "I am very satisfied.
In the two years since my last visit, buildings have been cleaned, statues have been gilded and the major midday meal has all but died.
And the weakness in the dollar widened yesterday, with the currency posting declines of more than 1.5 percent against the Swiss franc, more than 2 percent against the French franc and more than 4 percent against the Dutch guilder.
But informal and anecdotal evidence indicated that the impasse, which kept at home about 27 percent of the Federal work force of 2.9 million, could cost hundreds of millions of dollars in uncollected taxes and fees and overtime expenses for workers.
When she emerges and is seated at her brand new Formica table, her counselor says that the apartment is a reward for staying sober for a year.
Since the Yankees found out yesterday that Jimmy Key's ailing left shoulder will possibly prevent him from pitching for the rest of the season and since Showalter is juggling a four-man rotation, Pettitte offered a timely and necessary performance.
Here, he has created a classroom, the color of the generic little red schoolhouse, that is cluttered with whimsical but menacing detritus: there are dolls' heads, candy wrappers, skulls, legal pads on clipboards in daunting rows and crumpled sheets of yellow paper that actually crawl up the walls and suggest an infinity of false starts and discarded ideas.
"They live in Pennsylvania, and they have a quite large and beautiful home one an acre and a half that would probably go for $500,000, so they thought I could find the perfect two-bedroom for $200,000," he said, "but there was nothing; I looked at probably over 40 apartments between two brokers."
Both men said he appeared to them to be in better physical condition than he had at other times in the last year, presumably when he was still recovering from the broken thigh bone.
Oakley agrees, but also thinks that the club has to be prepared to take whatever Nelson dishes out in the way of his coaching methods to achieve that goal.
The bunching of new models at G.M.
Seventeen years ago, Sonya Canton, an American citizen born in the Philippines, petitioned for her sister, a banker, to join her here under the family-reunification policy that has been the basic principle of United States immigration law for 30 years.
But Columbia-Presbyterian's inner-city center goes further.
Edmonton needs a defenseman -- a position the Islanders are fairly deep at when healthy -- and the Oilers own the rights to the holdout goaltender Curtis Joseph, who is currently playing for the Las Vegas Thunder of the I.H.L.
She reportedly died after an asthmatic attack in the northern resort city of Chiang Mai, where she was vacationing with a French friend.
It was a point that marred Robert Atkins's otherwise fascinating and timely account of the creation of Judy Pfaff's sculpture "cirque, Cirque" at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Philadelphia.
"One hundred thirty is really extreme," said Joel Wright, the electronic engineer here.
At this point in his career, Mr. Scorsese said, he just feels lucky to get the financing to make movies.
But in fact Kahlo was a committed Communist and one of the people who greeted Trotsky when he arrived in Mexico on Jan. 9, 1937.
Hockey National Hockey League ANAHEIM MIGHTY DUCKS -- Signed Alex Hicks, defenseman, to a multiyear contract.
In a shallow nonreactive pan, combine the sugar syrup, Champagne, orange juice and 4 1/2 teaspoons of lemon juice.
But the Russian army has huge cash shortages, soldiers are being fed poorly and some are not being paid on time.
The Swedish auto maker Volvo A.B.
For the Aristide Government, which denies involvement, the killing was a profound embarrassment, coming on the eve of a visit by President Clinton, and a source of friction with the United States over reports linking the Haitian Interior Minister, Brig.
This is the spellbinding set-up for "Clockers," a story told with mournful, epic vision that rises high above its grim setting.
investigation effectively tied up the money of shareholders in QVC.
He said he still had the battered mess kit he found at the prison camp.
Andrews's romance with Edwards began in the late 1960's, when she was the biggest moneymaker in Hollywood, a star in a series of hits, from "Mary Poppins" to "Thoroughly Modern Millie."
Posing as patients, New York State health investigators called the 18 largest managed care programs serving Medicaid patients in New York City and asked to see doctors for such basic but essential services as prenatal care, immunizations of babies and annual checkups.
Public reaction already has caused the power authority to postpone a vote on the Pataki plan.
The three-month bills mature on Feb. 29, 1996, and the six-month bills mature on May 30, 1996.
We've got knowledge now through the brilliance of molecular genetics, and it's our duty as physicians to use it prudently.
The compromise reached last week follows the Senate's approach on many issues, but the total savings are closer to those demanded by the House.
Mr. Sondheim still considers a song to be "a one-act play."
Third Wednesday of the month; next meeting March 15, 7 P.M.; Family Life Center, 172-17 Linden Boulevard; (718) 658-3308.
But this jumped to 120,000 a week after the Government shutdown in November.
"But we did need to connect somehow with what women were feeling today."
THE AGE OF HIROHITO In Search of Modern Japan.
Her buttons are selling good.
Two previous criminal investigations have concluded that Mr. Foster committed suicide in 1993 in Fort Marcy Park, across the Potomac River from Washington.
Episodes of Fun and Mystery, Half of Them for Men Only New York City Ballet New York State Theater "Episodes and Sarcasms" is all too episodic.
Before, he'd miss; now, he's much more consistent."
The cliff at Land's End is flanked on either side by two tiny islands: Dr. Johnson's Head and Syntax.
The blaze was believed to have been caused by an electrical problem in a ceiling light.
KATHERINE ERNEST ZIPSER, 25, and Hew Dalrymple Crawford Crooks, 26, first discussed marriage only two months ago, while sitting in a field of yellow and white daffodils in Litchfield, Conn. "I hate long engagements," Ms. Zipser said.
Mr. Roden sees better value in the shorter-term securities.
In 1912, a patron sent him to Rome, where he studied sculpture.
Spoon the mixture into the ramekins.
WILSON V. BINGER Chappaqua, N.Y., Aug. 24, 1995
Lunch, perhaps the most appealing meal, is simpler and less expensive.
BDDO New York, also owned by Omnicom, was awarded three Addys and five citations of excellence, and Bailey Lauerman & Associates in Lincoln, Neb., received three Addys and three citations.
"It is not a hard life.
The British newspaper The Daily Telegraph said on Saturday, "It was instantly rated among the best Chinese restaurants in the country."
The Sophocles drama, directed by Shepard Sobel.
Steinbrenner was pleased that Showalter had criticized his players for 15 minutes and told them he was disappointed with their lackadaisical play after they imitated replacement players in a 6-1 loss to Detroit on Monday.
Under the 3d Viscount, the Pearson empire had stakes in such widely diverse enterprises as Penguin Books, Viking Press, The Financial Times, The Economist, Madame Tussaud's, Chateau Latour vineyards and Lazard Freres, the merchant bankers.
In Brief Total returns on several John Hancock mutual funds have been listed as "not available" in recent weeks because of a computer transmission error by the company to Nasdaq.
"It just means we have more time for each case."
DISTRICT 4 East and West Concourse, Mount Eden, Highbridge, Concourse Village; fourth Tuesday of the month; next Jan. 24, 6 P.M., 1650 Selwyn Avenue, Community Room; (718) 299-0800.
Directions for this type of routine are explained with the various products.
Having such an animal model is expected to speed development of possible Alzheimer's drugs by Athena and its corporate partner, Eli Lilly & Company.
Still, the Michigan success story is not as overwhelming as the Governor might have audiences believe.
The group has also asked Mayor Giuliani to halt waterfront development until a study can be completed.
Mr. Paich, whose full name was Martin Louis Paich, was a native of Oakland, Calif.
It also has two automated phone lines for learning about or lodging complaints.
This is the week in which the dreary side of television gets even drearier.
"The forward trend with the young players has been very encouraging to all of us," McIlvaine said.
These bearded, filthy, exhausted, wisecracking (but somehow noble) characters were born in the military press, but almost overnight they became heroes to all Americans, and Willie and Joe have been sporadically in print ever since.
They like to say they came here looking for love and excitement, but they really want what E. B.
"We see Cuba as an exciting new opportunity -- the forbidden fruit of the Caribbean."
That is not to say there haven't been visions.
But if he's willing, that would be my intention."
"By the time the average investor has access to them, the money has already been made," he said.
In fact, officials said, the three men had apparently agreed to provide the undercover customs agents other, and potentially more dangerous, items, including powdered zirconium, most commonly used in cluster bombs, and nuclear fuel rods.
For example, the general partners may want to hold on to the franchise so they can continue collecting management fees, while the limited partners might prefer to sell it and take profits.
That delayed negotiations so that the agreement was finally initialled only two and a half hours before the Jewish New Year brought down the curtain on Sunday evening.
Ms. Levin's sixth book on Hopper only peripherally concerns Hopper's art; it's a nearly flawless account of the life of a great American painter whose temperament, especially in respect of his weirdly long-suffering and combative wife, was simply abominable.
He is after something else here: songs grounded in popular music's many forms.
"All it takes is a strong wind off the East River.
Only Israel and Uzbekistan joined the United States in opposing the draft.
He denied that the White House had orchestrated the Democratic amendments, but suggested that Mr. Clinton would be willing to sign a measure tailored in some ways to meet Democrats' specifications.
Pairs -- Patrick Venerucci and Beatrice Palazzi Rossi, Italy.
Mr. Adams is a pale, bespectacled and, by all accounts, happy 37-year-old who proudly prints his Internet address on each of his strips.
But nobody is going to know that for a while."
He is a son of Dr. and Mrs. Kyrillos of Middletown, N.J.
Many people explained that they supported the strike because the Government's austerity programs are stripping layer after layer of subsidies that permitted French families of even the most modest means to sample the cultural and culinary treasures that only the rich can afford.
"It's a dream that that book exists," he says.
Although Adolf Hitler received vast public adoration and 37 percent of the vote, Germany's unconditional surrender in 1945 is now generally referred to as the "Befreiung," the liberation, as if from occupying forces.
a psychological maneuver that a person uses in order to defend himself or herself from experiencing inner pain and conflict."
Both sides are under pressure to conclude an agreement in time for a signing ceremony in Washington on Thursday.
It was supposed to run 162 games.
The public golf course's board decided this evening to cancel a controversial goose hunt on the course, a hunt that enraged both animal rights groups and hunters.
The current situation has been brewing for more than 15 years because of exorbitant teacher salary increases at the expense of needed repairs.
His words may seem premature, but early returns on Morris's new image are encouraging.
There are, as Mr. Kristol and Mr. Walker suggest, serious campaign implications to this vote and this issue.
Mr. McCarthy was the most seriously wounded survivor of the shooting, in which six people were killed.
There is a great deal of reason to be optimistic.
But no one can ignore the fact that while Mr. Williams and his crew were lovingly plugging away, Disney's "Aladdin" came along.
Mr. Clinton, who is 48, runs three miles five times a week and plays golf more frequently than in his first two years as President.
Mr. Lajous's remarks today came in the midst of a booming market for petrochemicals.
I'll give Drew Barrymore's seats to Ron Howard.
In the meantime, if largely to avoid looking old-fashioned, candidates at all levels are setting up their own cyberspace campaign offices at a fast clip.
They captivated New York like a grainy old movie on the tube, long after midnight, that you just cannot click off because, well, you need to know how it comes out.
It's hard to outdo the cool confidence of a man in a mix of Mr. Gigli's disparate pieces: a long duster, a fitted plaid jacket, a flowered vest, pinstripe pants, a silky tie knotted over a striped shirt.
But later, in a televised speech at Moscow State University, Mr. Clinton was tougher on Chechnya.
"It will also be significant for the loss of 500 people making permanent homes here," Mr. Moore said.
Yet it did not say that the Serbs today completed the conquest and ethnic purification of northeastern Bosnia, where Muslims formed at least 50 percent of the population in most major towns before 1992.
The rebel leader added that the talks would be held "without the existence of minimal conditions of safety and confidence."
Terrorists, party girls, mobsters and ordinary folks are all over New York on screen: they just never turn up in the same scenario, the way they do in life.
A: Imagination and knowing when to stop.
Six months after the extra salt was withdrawn from their diet, all of the chimpanzees in the experimental group had the relatively low blood pressure they had enjoyed before the experiment.
"We want it to draw people who have never been to a concert."
Mr. Ohlmeyer said it appeared that the magazine's new editorial policy was "to advance the position of Fox Broadcasting."
"Des was just overwhelmed emotionally because he hadn't been recognized in 40 years," recalled Mel Feldman, a researcher for the New York Sports Museum and Hall of Fame, who campaigned for Margetson's acknowledgment.
Within a span of 3:29, the Knicks had the lead again, at 32-30, and they weren't through.
Today's exodus began in the town of Topusko, where the streets were littered with mounds of abandoned personal possessions, soaked in the rain, lying beside burned out automobiles.
According to city officials, Continental contended that Whitby's previous caterers did not earn a profit on the restaurant operation.
They all have stories from life at rock-bottom.
On the sand, in front of her cottage, was a purple plastic pool filled with the wiggling, whooping bodies of children oblivious to adult concerns.
What poetry needs is to be un-neatened.
Mr. Lindsey, former aides said, had custody of the documents for the loans, which were taken out by Mr. Clinton and his wife, Hillary, at a tiny Arkansas bank run by a political ally of Mr. Clinton.
That means that Chase will pay an aggregate rent for its new space that is well below what it would have paid for comparable all-concourse space.
The celebrated travel agent had presented us with a bound itinerary filled with breathless hyperbole and a million suggestions about fabulous must-see attractions in Lima.
Mr. Heavey was punched above the eye during a Jan. 3 melee.
Historically, the earliest known records of the Druids date to the third century B.C.
Dr. Gerry, a native of Far Rockaway, Queens, graduated from the University of North Carolina and received his dental degree from the University of Louisville.
Yet in many poor countries of what is called the global South there are imaginative and successful small efforts to deal with personal and community breakdowns, Dr. Kleinman said.
Navy Virginia Tech's opponent on Saturday at Annapolis will be Navy, which scored a surprising 30-6 victory over Duke last Saturday.
Their business, Mobile Psychological Services, has grown since April to 50 patients, 6 therapists, 3 drivers and 4 vans and they are already thinking franchises.
The film counts entirely on Mr. Falk's crotchety wisecracks, but he often delivers.
According to the Old Testament, the cities were destroyed by fire and brimstone in retribution for the sinfulness of their residents.
Take note: these pies ($16 small, $20 large) must be eaten right away while still hot, otherwise the crust begins to toughen.
Kitty Goldsmith, a resident of Charlotte, Vt., said DirecTV has taken the place of the local video store for her family.
"I call it northern Appalachia," she told a reporter in 1984.
Reaction to the conflict from local Japanese-Americans has been more subdued.
By operating their own managed care groups and benefiting from the relaxation of many regulations, doctors, he said, "will move to the head of the food chain."
Literary types gathered to comment on the failing powers of such and such a critic or to collect a choice morsel of gossip."
Revenue fell to $4.5 billion from $4.7 billion.
There seemed to be no consensus on the timing of the so-called renaissance.
The entire inventory of children's and women's clothes, $600,000 worth of merchandise, went up in smoke just before the Easter sales.
According to the Chicago Area Transportation Study, a planning group, the Federal Government has authorized $111 million for highway, pedestrian and bicycle paths for DuPage County.
12* 5 WHITE SHARK, by Peter Benchley.
When the American yelled "Shut up" at some vocal spectators, Rebeuh gave him a verbal-abuse warning for uttering an audible obscenity.
Nonetheless, KTTV, the Fox-owned Los Angeles station, reaped advertising value from its association with the Rams.
Also planned are a $45 million renovation and expansion of the Mystic Marinelife Aquarium, $30 million in improvements to nearby Mystic Seaport, the Thames River Maritime Heritage Park in New London and Groton and a proposed $60 million expansion of the marine sciences center at the University of Connecticut's Avery Point campus.
Hockey National Hockey League N.H.L.
"I'm very happy for him," he said.
Natural resources and the environment are not at risk from immigration -- in fact, they are helped by the technical knowledge it brings.
That screeching noise competing with the reggae on the stereo is the owner's cockatiel.
Mr. Beardsley is an art historian and curator who wrote an earlier version of this book as a dissertation, although this doesn't read like a class paper; it is very entertaining.
Still, the city has opened its arms in a way once thought unimaginable.
In the past, Mr. LeBow has never accepted greenmail; Mr. Icahn has.
I am not the issue."
From the hall came the perfect, anonymous response: "Yeah, right."
"We were on the top step and we looked at the crowd and said, 'Hey, this game is tied.'
The company also said it had agreed to sell Beverly Garland's Holiday Inn Hotel for an undisclosed sum.
The group's plan essentially calls for a voluntary rating system, most likely to be administered by an independent organization, and a software filter that would allow users to block material based on the content's rating.
Chopsticks are not used in Southeast Asia except in Vietnam and in cultural pockets within other countries where Chinese traditions are strong.
Women's work will revolve around basket making, rug hooking, spinning, weaving, tole painting, cutting silhouettes and cooking over the open hearth in the Tap Room.
MARRIED To Wendy Lee since 1970.
But now, golf communities are going up in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and they're booming in the Midwest.
Residents can challenge a decision, Ms. Clark said.
It isn't even sure what it wants and certainly doesn't have all the money it needs to do it.
However, Mr. Kamisar's description of Justice Black as an "advocate of judicial activism" is perverse.
That investigation ultimately led to today's indictments of Mr. Gabriel and Mr. Vitti on charges of fraud.
Would they be dazedly wandering the streets scaring small children?
Maryland (3-3) shot worse in the afternoon game.
"There was probably a three- or four-week period where every night before I went to sleep I replayed the last inning in my mind, going over the pitch selection, what I could have done differently."
But in the meantime, what is the layman to think?
"The art of trying constantly to unsolve them, that's what I find interesting."
They're racist, but they really can't help it.
Several have already taken advantage of the new rules, and we hope it will mean more business for them."
All Mr. Chadwick gets is a bow.
For the last 20 years the account was at Chiat/Day Communications in Venice, Calif., the public relations division of Chiat/ Day that was formerly known as Bob Thomas & Associates.
One of the show's stagehands was Sam Peckinpah.
A gray-bearded Hasid explained to me that a oneway ticket was all he needed because "we know we'll be coming back with the Messiah."
The better part is a romantic comedy about a child of divorce (Jonathan Taylor Thomas) who puts his prospective stepfather Jack (Chevy Chase), a prosecutor, through a series of trials before accepting him into the family.
Her mother is a supervisor in Syracuse with the children's foster care program of Onondaga County.
Military commanders dread the possibility of reopening the painful and divisive debate on homosexuals that consumed the armed forces in 1993.
In December, the mansion was struck by bullets fired from somewhere to the south, but investigators never determined if they were aimed at the White House.
Nestled among verdant hills and pine forests, Pale lies just 10 miles by road from Sarajevo, or less than five miles as the artillery shell flies.
Is it blasphemy to ask the simple question of how many ground troops it would take -- 80,000, 100,000, perhaps 500,000?
China contends that it has made significant progress in protecting intellectual property rights.
As Ms. Wasserstein also wrote the teleplay, the shift is presumably intentional.
Enlisting the support of British and French health officials and their national reporting systems, the disease control agency studied 31 health care workers who became infected after needle injuries and who had no other risk factors for AIDS.
It was there that hundreds of people, most of them teen-agers, had come to sit at outdoor cafes and stroll along the sidewalks last Thursday, celebrating National Youth Day.
But that is contradicted tonight on two grounds: military intelligence estimates of American casualties in an invasion were a small fraction of those numbers, and an invasion of the mainland would not have been necessary at all if the Administration had relaxed its demand for unconditional surrender and allowed the Japanese to keep their emperor (as indeed they finally did).
Reds 7, Phillies 2 Cincinnati emerged from one of its worst starts of the century as Ron Gant singled with the bases loaded and homered at Riverfront Stadium.
Ernest Brown, 6-10, sophomore center, St. Raymond's, Bronx -- Highly coordinated for a big man, and agile.
They were alarmed because they had left their Staten Island apartment without their medication, and because they were considered to be overly trusting.
The Eastman Kodak Company, as expected, announced a variety of new products and alliances yesterday, to help build its digital photography business.
"The reason why we're here today is because no one's allowed in the ocean," the Montclair resident said.
Democrats say Mr. Janiszewski not only has to win but win big, to prove the party has not lost its touch.
Mr. Jodice depicts a mythical place, a homogenous Mediterranean of the imagination.
The doctors treating Mantle said he had contracted hepatitis from a blood transfusion during one of several knee operations during his career, and that this could well have led to cancer in a liver already damaged by years of heavy drinking.
The Federal Aviation Administration said last month that after an industrywide meeting on safety in January, 20 airlines had started evaluation programs and 18 carriers had set up safety offices with a mandate to provide independent oversight of their own operations.
Since the Bridgewater temple will be built on property already zoned for a church, and is in a rural area, parking and traffic concerns are irrelevant.
Models looked at the editors and retailers making the rounds of the room as if the spectacle wasn't on stage, but in the crowds seeking fashion ideas.
Ms. Smith, with her rounded movements and tinge of red-haired Pre-Raphaelite sensuality, conveys an especially lyrical Duncan-like image.
CINCINNATI BELL INFORMATION SYSTEMS INC., Cincinnati, a subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell Inc., bought X International, an English company that provides software and services for telecommunication companies.
For 24 years I was never allowed any visits with my relatives.
The Eagles (8-4) are the other team to watch in the N.F.C.
At least half the cases of Type 2 diabetes in the United States have not been diagnosed, and many if not most patients will find out they have this insidious disease only after serious complications develop.
The most productive people can easily move to other firms to make much more money.
Fortunately, the Garden State is also a fish state, with commercial fleets from Belford to Cape May landing more than 200 species.
Under the plan, some 300 polluters who emit more than 10 tons of VOC's during the annual smog season would be obliged to participate.
"One of the things the South has always been deficient at was getting capital.
Mr. Abu-Jamal, scheduled for execution on Aug. 17, is fighting an 11th-hour battle for a new trial.
The disagreement over the contract is another skirmish in the long-simmering feud between the Mayor and the Board of Education over school safety.
"To respect and defend the mystery of life always and everywhere, including the lives of unborn babies, giving real help to mothers in difficult situations."
Class B apartments are rooms like those in hotels, S.R.O.
More broadly, analysts and advocates have concerns about moving Medicare participants too quickly or without adequate regulation to managed care.
Elaine Toscanini accompanies the gifted young singers at this free event, sponsored by the New Rochelle Council on the Arts.
In addition to attempted rape, Father Fernando was charged with sexual abuse and unlawful imprisonment.
She was 87 and lived in Manhattan.
"She's my ex-sister-in-law," said Francisco Acevedo, standing at the corner of Surf Avenue and West 23d Street, where the woman, whose name was not officially released by the police, earned her money.
There were financial and family failures.
Her mother is an artist in Ridgewood.
How long has the Humanities in Medicine program operated at Yale?
The study led to sizing the clothes for the American woman's body, offering fabrics appropriate to the climate here and developing a delivery system to meet the demands of department stores that want new merchandise every month.
As the number of Hispanic prisoners in the Los Angeles jails has surpassed that of blacks over the past decade, racial tensions have grown, Chief Myron said.
"I felt it would get decided in the fourth quarter, and sure enough it went down to 59 minutes."
The American Medical Association re-affirmed this ethical standard at its meeting in June.
Attending today's hearing was Mr. Nichols's father, Robert Nichols, who arrived with the defendant's brother, James Nichols, who was earlier held as a material witness in the case.
Mr. Ferguson argued from the beginning that he was not the shooter and that he too was a victim.
Abu Sayyaf members have been linked to defendants in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and to plots to kill Pope John Paul II and blow up American airliners.
Meanwhile, the price of the Lexus had shot past the Mercedes, rising 17 percent, to $31,080.
The software needed to connect to the Microsoft Network will be built into Windows 95, allowing interested customers to soar into cyberspace with the simple click of a mouse button.
In Europe, even though prosperity is returning after a painful recession that sent the jobless rate back into double digits, Helmut Kohl held on to power in Germany only by his fingertips, John Major seems on his last legs in Britain, France is turning inward and Italy has returned to its perpetual state of political chaos.
I waited and waited and absolutely nothing happened."
NEW YORK YANKEES -- Promoted Jorge Oquendo to area scout for Puerto Rico and Joe Caro to assistant director of scouting.
"After I was on 'Charlie Rose,' " she said, "I got fan mail, calls from agents and flowers from an admirer.
Perhaps Senator Dole will be satisfied only when white males boost their numbers back to 96 percent to 100 percent of all individuals permitted to run corporate America.
KING'S COURT SHOWROOM "Cabaret on Ice," an ice-skating extravaganza.
The genocide treaty went into effect in 1951, bringing the force of international law to a word first coined in 1944.
BAB EL OUED CITY Written (in Arabic and French, with English subtitles) and directed by Merzak Allouache; director of photography, Jean-Jacques Mrejen; edited by Marie Colonna; music by Rachid Bahri, songs written and performed by Cheb Rabah; produced by Les Matins Films, Flash Back Audiovisuel, La Sept Cinema, Z.D.F.
's biggest recent embarrassments, the ill-fated Idaho siege and the disastrous assault in April 1993 on the Branch Davidian compound near Waco, Tex.
Is the driver of our train dead, we wonder, or is he merely observing his profession's traditional code of silence -- the M.T.A.
Even if the tips have a lavender blush, it takes an acute eye to discern them, as they are nearly indistinguishable from the wildflowers and the grasses that have preceded them.
Somewhere in there, they slept together again.
Stopping a study, he said, "is extremely expensive" and choosing a new way of delivering genes may not be feasible when patents are involved.
Look, too, for Vin Gris de Cigare, another Rhone-style rose -- mostly mourvedre -- from Bonny Doon Vineyard in Santa Cruz.
Smith, who is from St. Lucia of the West Indies, is averaging 24 points per game, a whopping 23.7 rebounds per game -- tops in the nation in Division III -- 4.2 steals and 2.4 assists.
From time to time, there's a motion to introduce boyfriends and husbands to the proceedings, but it is always tabled, not because we couldn't speak so freely in their presence but because we couldn't eat so freely.
Last year, after discovering this apparent conflict, a number of businesses filed claims with the state for refunds on their past tax payments on interest on Federal bonds.
Frenetic and broad even by Lewis standards, Mr. Roth's Ted is victimized by hotel guests in each of the four short films.
That was what turned the extreme right against him so bitterly and, many now say, led to his death.
We don't want to set a precedent, every time there's a problem, they come to the U.S.
He teamed up with Esiason for a milestone touchdown in the third quarter -- the rookie's first, a nice diving grab, and Esiason's 212th.
Although a tangle of procedural, financial and legal issues makes it uncertain whether such a test could be ready at the Games, validation would be a victory for anti-doping forces.
Such products, called "makeup artist" lines, have been taking market share from more traditional prestige brands like Estee Lauder, Elizabeth Arden, Lancome and Prescriptives.
The shuttle, which remained as visible as a bright star against the black sky for more than seven minutes after liftoff, departed about a minute late because of a minor problem with a cooling system.
As they were leaving, several defensive veterans said they wanted to get out before they said anything critical about the offense.
On the desktop, Corsair runs on Novell's Netware, which is the network operating system used in over 70 percent of networked computer systems; on the server it runs on Netware or Unixware, which is Novell's version of the Unix operating system invented by AT&T.
"We're only 70 percent of where we can be six weeks from now, so we just want to keep getting better," he said.
He speaks of a "lemming effect -- if there's money to be made, everyone follows."
Style transcends money, fashion trends, 'prettiness.'
"I just wish she'd stop feeling upset about this and get back to playing good tennis.
Monday through Friday, 8:30 A.M. to 5 P.M. 100 Interpace Parkway, Parsippany.
The office space known as 1601 Broadway, at the base of the Crowne Plaza Hotel, between 48th and 49th Streets, is close to being leased to the American Management Association, which would occupy about 150,000 square feet.
Sift together over the fruit the flour, cocoa, cinnamon, allspice, white pepper and espresso or coffee powder.
He talked with her for a few minutes, finally eliciting enough information to make an educated guess, and sent her on her way.
At the same time that it is asking Washington to maintain American troop strength in Japan, the Government here approved far-reaching cuts tonight in its own military force.
According to the agreement, five other cities are to be turned over by late December, ending with Bethlehem in time for the usual crush of Christian tourists on Christmas.
She meets a handsome young police officer on the subway but on their first date, the restaurant fireplace burns up her sweater and she loses interest when she learns he goes bird hunting.
He wants to get it flowing again.
"The season meant more than turning up the thermostat and turning on the light switch early."
This was, after all, a Bible reading in a church at Christmastime, but the Five Books of Moses, of course, constitute the Torah.
Very loosely, it could be described as a European hybrid of "The Big Chill," "Being There" and "Network."
Personally, I think it's a privilege to have all these names, and it's not confusing at all.
New York is full of such stories, of people who put all their energy into surviving in the city and still find it is not enough.
Then we phoned our best friends and family, and it just snowballed from there.
A victory by the 39-year-old Alcott, who has not won a tournament since 1991, would be the 30th of her 20-year pro career and make her the 15th member of the L.P.G.A.
In 1994, the police issued 221,498 summonses for driving without a license, down from 264,091 in 1993.
Mr. Santos, of 601 West 162d Street, was taken to St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center, where he was in stable condition last night, though doctors had not finished evaluating his injuries, said Genie Agins, a hospital spokeswoman.
After the meeting, Ms. Hom was mobbed by delegates who seemed to revel in her determination to overcome the obstacle the Chinese had sought to erect to prevent her message from reaching the Chinese-speaking delegates.
"But he's driving a half hour behind me.
The gunmen, riding in a taxi, vanished into rush-hour traffic after the fusillade, leaving no obvious clues to their motives or identities.
That was among his prime qualifications for the job, and, paradoxically, it is proving among the greatest obstacles to his success.
Admission: a small canned or boxed food item.
to sell 2.3 million shares.
The game within the game has exploded.
In the past, opium was always shipped elsewhere, to places like Pakistan, elsewhere in Asia or Europe, for most such refining.
"You know, they made those cookie-cutter buildings," she added, with feeling in her eyes, looking at the hopeful new paint in the P.S.
Mr. Daschle worked for two years to strip the Forest Service of its authority to inspect air charter companies after its inspectors had repeatedly found that B & L was an unsafe company that should be barred from doing Government business.
Notice how Bill Parcells always loved L. T.?
They're talking low A ball at best."
Arnold Schwarzenegger's famous utterance, "Hasta la vista, baby," (which was irritating enough in context) has come to be used as a simple good-bye.
If Joe had smoked, he would always have languorously puffed a cigarette after hitting the menswear department."
"For example, Congress could encourage states to ban guns from school zones by linking Federal funds to enactment of school-zone gun bans.
In addition to supplements, vitamin A is found in most animal foods, and in especially large amounts in liver.
"Handouts" will become "aid" when they are used to help Cuba repair the damage caused by Mr. Castro's implementation of his political and economic vision.
And that failure, Mr. Hahn estimates, could raise the cost of compliance in the Northeast by tens of billions of dollars a year.
In districts with few registered Republicans -- in Brooklyn, for example -- the plaintiffs argued that it is six times as hard to collect Republican signatures as it is in districts with many Republicans, like those in Nassau County.
The music on the Blue Note set is often glorious; brown was a precise, articulate player, and gentle as well.
A4 Pedro Juan Caballero Journal: Slipping across the border.
With a 34-18 record, the Knicks need to win 23 of their final 30 games, beginning tonight against the 76ers at Madison Square Garden, to match last season's 57-25 record.
"People don't want to debate homelessness as a problem," she said.
The only word Mr. Whitaker screamed was "Action!"
The posters of his smiling face are badly worn now, the pennants with his likeness tattered by breezes whipping up dust on Gaza's streets.
When Armstrong wins Ferguson's freedom, the camera spends 10 seconds watching Mr. Connery and Ms. Capshaw on the dance floor (as he sings "I Only Have Eyes for You"), after which it spies an empty Champagne bottle.
But the difficulty was identifying those who would develop problems.
And information is not easy to come by.
should be taken more seriously because the safety of the public is at stake.
In the past, both men insisted the Bosnian Serb guns were not going anywhere because Sarajevo is a "Serbian city."
"But I'm not a person who's really the bragging type.
Chris Jones, pinch-hitting for Brett Butler, walked, and Jose Vizcaino slapped a single to left, scoring Orsulak from second.
The intention, said the Rev.
Mr. Jelisic was one of the commanders of the Luka camp in Brcko in northern Bosnia.
V-E Day, a nearly comparable commemoration, was botched by an Administration eager to bolster the current Russian regime and snub the British.
The interesting thing is that Mr. Brimelow himself is an immigrant, but from England.
At 7:30 P.M., Christmas lullabies by Reger, Brahms, Hugo Wolf, with Ms. Fraser, Ms. Kelby, James Kerr, tenor; Christopher Mooney, baritone; George Wozniak, violinist; Karla Moe, flutist.
Among the dishes not designed for the average hotel diner are uncommon but effective combinations like green-tea soba noodles with caviar, red-curry mussels, Korean marinated tuna with kim chee, salt-roasted scallops and foie gras with green-papaya salad, swordfish with Asian barbecue sauce and spicy greens, and kasu-marinated sturgeon with pickled plums.
"Executives have to learn to live in that highly visible culture, risking all the public criticism that their decisions can provoke."
What books have you read recently?
If Paul Goldberger enjoyed researching and writing his article "The Masterpieces They Call Home" (March 12) as much as I did reading it, we both had a delightful time.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in an effort to discredit him.
Analysts said they believed that Polygram had paid a fair price for the library while making a good deal for itself.
"Just as the Republicans surprised a lot of people by putting together a balanced budget at all, the President may be able to really surprise a lot of people by putting together a balanced budget that actually makes sense."
The quartet gave a more outgoing account, but it was not enough for Mr. Stern.
"We were absolutely devastated," he said.
It should have been obvious that someone as prolific and gifted as Mr. Crumb must have had a history perhaps darker and more complicated than a college kid like me could imagine.
But he remains hopeful that Mr. Pataki's affection for Roosevelt will be good for business.
The heaviest Internet and on-line use among teen-agers occurs at college, he said.
And TV will become fanatically diverse and complex, merging with the computer and communications industry to create the multimedia experience you've all been reading about."
Georgia and California propose sharp cuts in remedial programs at four-year colleges; Arizona has phased them out.
SOON, millions of investors will have to dance a bit faster because of new Federal rules on securities trading.
* Titan Industries Ltd., Bangalore, India, part of the Tata Group, to the Lowe Group, London, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Cos., to handle the introduction in Europe of the company's quartz analog watches.
It is surprising to see you find fault only with that aspect of the proposal that would impose fees on visits to historic sites.
Still, it trimmed its staff and cut the number of grants by almost half.
The innocence of the old musical was the innocence of an age.
For Lee Janzen, this would be the putt that would both validate and vindicate, the one that would cement his reputation as one of the most fearless closers in golf and the one that would erase any doubt about where he should be in mid-September.
made a spectacular shot to help choke off New York's momentum.
Some of the Chinese, like Mr. Izuni, the grocer racing to open his shop, have even acquired Japanese names and passports, for convenience and also to try to assimilate.
You work from your own village, and it becomes universal.
In fact, 50 percent of the French never drink any wine.
Who felt worse on the Braves this morning Alejandro Pena, Mark Wohlers or John Smoltz?
To the Editor: As a historian and biographer, I wish to express my outrage at the scope and tone of Drew Gilpin Faust's review of Carolyn L. Karcher's "cultural biography" of Lydia Maria Child, "The First Woman in the Republic" (Jan. 8).
By fashioning a collective-bargaining proposal that excludes a salary cap or a payroll tax, the National Hockey League believes it has moved a great distance in addressing the union's chief concerns.
In April, Pacific Telesis agreed to buy Cross Country Wireless Inc. in a $175 million transaction.
State Senator Quentin Kopp of San Francisco, an independent, was among those welcoming the higher limit.
"Because he's so charming and he's so bright."
has had Munoz, Marvin Powell, Brad Budde, Keith Van Horne, Roy Foster, Don Mosebar and Bruce Matthews.
James Schooley, dismissed by the Alyeska Pipeline Service Company in what Federal officials ruled was retaliation for whistle-blowing, was also unfairly punished earlier this year when he lost his job with Arctic Slope Inspection Service, a pipeline contractor, the Labor Department said Friday.
Two plays later Conroy, running behind the 300-pound guard, Joel Davis, scored on the 19th play of a drive that consumed almost half the fourth quarter, 7:20.
Also, for the first time, the company described the approximate profit margins of the newspapers.
Alexander steps aside and now it is Welch who does the talking.
Calvin J. Carr, the director of high school education at First Baptist Church of Jacksonville, Fla., which teaches teen-agers that rock, even Christian rock, is sinful.
When he first considered the part, Mr. LaPaglia, who is 35, was concerned the play, originally staged in New York in 1951, might seem thematically dated.
It is fueled by the most primal of forces: the desire of 50 intensely competitive states to get their fair share -- at the very least -- of the Federal pie.
"He didn't really talk too much," Mr. Corliss said.
The Ford Motor Company predicts industry sales of up to 15.9 million, while the Chrysler Corporation, which was saying last June that sales in 1995 could reach 17 million, has restrained its enthusiasm and now projects about 16.5 million.
When they last met in early October, Group of Seven finance ministers publicly congratulated themselves on the "improved outlook" for the world economy.
A small crowd gathered around Mr. Cortines, Ms. Alexander said.
But on cross-examination the witness acknowledged that he had been told to videotape the room only after it had been searched and, presumably, the pair of socks had been picked up.
"The shaman goes into the chamber and gets charged up," Martin Brech theorized, standing atop the huge wall.
The states, said Representative Bill Emerson, the Missouri Democrat who is chairman of the Agriculture Committee's subcommittee on nutrition, have "a full plate" of new responsibilities.
But the critics at the Whitney seem to be asking the camera to be blind to what everyone can see and to substitute other images, like those now on its walls.
boomed the guide Isaak Borshch as his busful of Russian tourists, patrons of the People Travel Company of Brighton Beach, began their daylong tour.
Don Cabana, a former prison warden in Mississippi, Missouri and Florida, said corrections officials often feel the need to present prisons to the public as pristine institutions of reform.
Urban liberals perennially propose such bills to no avail.
That would set up a showdown that will say much about Mr. Dole and his Republican allies.
Canadian Football League SASKATCHEWAN ROUGHRIDERS -- Released Anthony Findlay and Adrian Jones, defensive backs; Scott Schulte, running back; Anthony Jefferson, cornerback; Steven Glenn, Zock Allen and Lloyd MacDonald, linebackers; Quinn Magnuson, guard; Lavance Banks and Keith Williams, wide receivers; and Lamone Alexander, defensive end.
As the conference drew to a close today, Juan Somavia, Chile's delegate to the United Nations and the originator of the conference, known as the Social Summit, was optimistic.
Normal-weight women who were unrestrained eaters did almost as well, but made a less accurate adjustment after eating a medium-fat yogurt than after a high-carbohydrate yogurt.
No longer were the Russians getting so many returns back at their feet.
She wasn't selling out by taking on the mainstream, just articulating another aspect of her position, this time in English.
Johnson was everywhere today with five tackles, three assists, an interception, a sack and a pass broken up.
A8 WARNING FROM ISLAMIC GROUP After the killing of its leader in Malta, widely believed to be the work of Israeli intelligence agents, the Islamic Holy War movement said it would carry out new attacks against Israelis.
"And when you're talking about AIDS in Los Angeles County, you're talking about a substantial number of immigrants."
He would not say whether Ms. Shabazz's sidewalk words would endanger the court agreement, adding, "I doubt in the heat of the moment that Ms. Shabazz intended to disavow a signed statement under penalty of perjury."
One reason for the boom, Ms. Scott said, "is the persistence of Dick Wolf," who has insisted that his shows be shot here.
The decrepitude of the landscape and the austere mix of white, gray and inky black shut out any hint of ordinary "Parsifal" paraphernalia (Grail, shrine, swords, shields).
Visitors will enter a sequence of four outdoor rooms, interspersed with gardens, waterfalls and pathways.
Mrs. Jardi said a recent case against Artemio Fontes for murder, intimidation and drug trafficking, in which more than 60 Indians gave testimony, was halted in December 1993, when a federal judge granted him indefinite protection from prosecution.
By midafternoon, the crowd stretched from the west steps of the Capitol to the Washington Monument and was, by and large, somber, disciplined, relaxed and friendly.
The Tigers are the last of half a dozen Tamil guerrilla armies claiming to represent the 2.2 million Tamils from the northeast.
Tickets will be available only by mail, a Disney spokesman said.
The bridegroom's mother, Emily Boro, is the managing editor of MD Computing, a medical magazine in Boston.
Bryan Cox, the volatile linebacker, screamed at Shula on the sideline during the Dolphins' embarrassing 44-20 loss to San Francisco.
That increase was better than the long-distance industry's overall growth rate, but it marked the third straight quarter in which MCI's growth rate had slowed and it was only half as rapid as the 16 percent annualized growth rate that it reported for the first quarter.
In fact, it was not until the seventh round that he achieved a level score by landing what looked very much like a one-punch knockout of Joel Lautier of France.
"He was willing to give up half a million dollars of his money.
http://www.btw.com/urls/toc.html I. Internet Music Underground.
b-Included gains on real estate sales of 3 cents a share in the latest third quarter, compared with 14 cents a share a year ago.
Mr. Yeltsin said "conclusions would be drawn" if the ministry's performance did not improve.
Ashamed, grieving and mortified, we apologize and beg forgiveness from Mrs. Rabin, her family and from all the people of Israel, and hereby declare our objection to all acts of violence!!!
When the king did not appear he took a spade finesse successfully, drew the missing trump and surrendered a heart to make the slam.
The fact is, her compound of class bitterness and racial resentment touches a sore place in South African hearts that Nelson Mandela has tried to put off-limits.
For example, the 38-page memorandum, prepared by the Justice Department and sent to all Federal agencies, says such programs must now be justified by evidence of particularized discrimination in a specific sector rather than a general assumption of widespread racism or sexism.
They were arrested on March 13 after reportedly visiting friends in the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait.
He is an author of "Real Change Leaders," to be published by Times Books this fall.
More often than not, there's beer in the recipes.
"But this minority that does live there controls the policy."
A sudden loss of cabin pressure forced a Hawaii-bound jetliner to return to Los Angeles International Airport, the Federal Aviation Administration said today.
He respects the lives of American soldiers and seems to have learned the lessons of Vietnam very well.
But Adolphus Frazier, director of career planning and placement, who has been at the school for 27 years, said the staff itself is worried about the school's direction.
It was Young America's first race after sustaining serious damage two weeks ago from a severe windstorm here.
His three-under-par 69 was the best round of the day, putting him at 12-under 204.
It allowed more time for the coaches to find weaknesses in the Redskins that they were able to exploit time and again.
First, a back injury kept HAKEEM OLAJUWON from playing SHAQUILLE O'NEAL one-on-one.
A new pastor says, Here is a five-year vision plan for outreach,' and people in the church say, 'Vision-schmision, I don't even feel my needs are being taken care of now.'
She sees that women from Medusa and Joan of Arc to those tried as witches and Victorians struggling with bustles are constantly being called upon to reform and reshape themselves.
And because a police department overwhelmed with more serious crimes virtually ignored auto theft until the early '90s, the risk of punishment was low.
Results have been revised to disclose what they would have been had this change been given retroactive effect.The company said the latest results included about $ 1 million of charges related to the reorganization of its corporate headquarters.
Fuel and maintenance would add tens of millions of dollars more.
Needless to say, the stock market was giddy, with the Dow industrials rushing ahead by 57 points, its largest jump since summer, on the Big Board's sixth-busiest day ever.
Those double-star jerseys the Dallas Cowboys unveiled last season may be forced to go the way of leather helmets.
Such unusual criticism from the Air Force's top officer effectively dooms the officers' careers.
The central bank said in a statement that Banco di Napoli had committed itself "to a vast restructuring aimed at the cleaning up and relaunching of the bank."
IT'S hard to reconstruct the position that the Pop artist Claes Oldenburg occupied in the fast-changing New York art scene of the late 1950's and early 60's, when Abstract Expressionism was on the wane and everything was up for grabs.
He is of the coffee generation.
Elizabeth Jane Rosen, a business reporter for Bloomberg Business News in New York, was married yesterday to Liam Garver Stokes, a vice president in the municipal bond department of J.P. Morgan Securities, also in New York.
But he continued to appear before crowds there.
Fashion needs to be a part of a wider creative world, or it's only relevant to itself.
Trial lawyers are certain to fight the measure to the bitter end, and many Democrats are still uncomfortable.
She graduated from Harvard University and received an M.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan this spring.
Instead, it's a characteristically condensed Mamet consideration of matters that seem both more timeless and, in view of the playwright's stories about his own hair-raising childhood, more personal.
His story, "Mr. Ives' Christmas," is both a wonderfully affecting tale of a contemporary Job and a finely observed portrait of an innocent abroad in New York, a sort of nondyspeptic Sammler trying stumblingly to come to terms with the chaos of modern city life.
Psychotherapy depends utterly on the patient's confidence that he or she can reveal to the therapist the most intimate thoughts and fantasies in a privacy that is inviolate.
"This cynical deal rips off upstate taxpayers who get nothing but the bill.
Even Irwin Kosover, a lawyer who represents the insurance companies that pay out the awards in personal injury cases, offered his sympathies.
But even as he granted a preliminary injunction against the media giant, Judge Leonard B.
I liken it to a family.
As is his signature, he combined in one outfit three or four colors in couture-like fabrics, re-embroidered lace, duchesse satin in a theatrical shape like a bell-shaped skirt, and a ruffled portrait-collar blouse.
"Since tobacco smoke has been proven to be one of the leading causes of cancer," she said, "it's surprising that we haven't done something about it sooner."
President Pasteur Bizimungu gave no reason for the move, but when he dismissed Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu on Monday, he told Parliament that Government discord was affecting national unity and that some ministers served "selfish interests."
A24 LOBBYISTS, LOBBYISTS, LOBBYISTS Lobbyists for the elderly, for disabled people, for doctors, hospitals, and drug companies all descended on Capitol Hill in an effort to influence legislation on Medicare and Medicaid.
The school board approved the policy for implementation in the fall of 1989.
Speakers who will discuss the use of carp and other methods of controlling weeds and give advice on how to site a pond, get the geese to be gone or restore a degraded lake include Robert Johnson of Cornell University, Robert Dibble of the Federal Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service, Ann Herriott of Cornell Cooperative Extension, Dr. Robert Kortmann of Ecosystem Consulting Service and a representative of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.
The Annex at 378 Montauk Highway in Wainscott (537-3332) is offering a four-course $24 chefs' tasting platter on Mondays.
With this collection, she firmly establishes herself as a gifted practitioner of the art of the short story, an heir to the emotional territory of Grace Paley and Alice Munro.
Mr. Binstock's creation of the enclosed, resigned, desperate world of two members of bitter enemy camps is made all the sharper by Kuroda's and Li's isolation from their own people.
During World War I, when the Du Pont gunpowder plant turned into a round-the-clock operation for 25,000 workers, the town's night life turned rowdy as the population went from 2,000 to 10,000 almost overnight.
Ecosystem management works best when artificial boundaries like state lines or property fences or bureaucratic turf do not matter.
What about Amber's overbearing mother back in Washington State?
And Qaddafi comes from a root meaning to throw -- or, specifically, to throw up, to hurl a bomb, to heap slander or to accuse someone falsely of fornication.
Box 5193, General Post Office, New York, N.Y. 10087, or any of these organizations: BROOKLYN BUREAU OF COMMUNITY SERVICE 285 Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11217.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Alan S. Blinder, the vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, propelled the market when he said that interest rates were excessive for the long term, and that the Fed should begin to lower them, but not necessarily "imminently."
Ms. Vernon added that a list of all Mitchell-Lama buildings in the city can be obtained by calling the department's public affairs office at (212) 386-5600.
It would also eliminate vocational training outside of the prison workshops, which produce various products, including furniture used in many state offices.
Orangina USA, which is owned by Groupe Pernod Ricard in Paris, said yesterday that it had selected Wunderman Cato Johnson in New York to handle strategic, creative and media assignments including the general advertising account, which were previously handled by various agencies on a project-by-project basis.
Martin Harwit, the museum's director, was forced to resign.
Mrs. Clinton, a woman of prior public accomplishment and pride, was just being more candid about it -- a habit that comes from working independently.
A thoroughly detailed life, taking the most recent scholarship into account, of the great Scottish writer of English prose who died at 44 in 1894.
It doesn't bother Coach Rudy Tomjanovich that the Rockets, who escaped first-round elimination Friday night with a 123-106 victory over the Jazz at Houston, must play Sunday's decisive Game 5 in Utah's Delta Center.
There are two ways to go about renting a cottage in Bermuda.
General Mladic accused the United Nations of failing to demilitarize the so-called safe area of Srebrenica.
Mr. Munoz-Mosquera, a thin man who wore prison blues and black New Balance sneakers, listened to the proceedings translated into Spanish on a headset.
The Cleveland slugger lost a close one yesterday, however, when Mo Vaughn, the indispensable first baseman for the Boston Red Sox, narrowly edged Belle in the voting for the American League Most Valuable Player award.
Ms. Leaming, the author of biographies of Orson Welles, Roman Polanski, Rita Hayworth and Bette Davis, digs deeply into the life of Ms. Hepburn's mother, Kate Houghton.
Then there is the political factor, Mr. Sohn said.
Paine Webber Art Gallery, 1285 Avenue of the Americas (between 51st and 52d Streets); until Dec. 8; Monday though Friday, 8 A.M. to 6 P.M.; free; (212) 713-2885.
But he has played in every game since Oct. 29, including Tuesday night's 6-4 victory over the Ottawa Senators at Madison Square Garden.
He introduced broomball to his friends, many of whom were also paramedics.
"The right approach is to empower families and individuals to avoid seeing things that they don't want to see," said Michael Godwin, staff counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an advocacy group based in Washington.
The 155th Street exit off the Major Deegan Expressway was blocked to reroute traffic from the game.
Since the beginning of July, the 419 students in the program have been reporting to classes at 9 A.M. and staying until 2:55 P.M. Because they come from all over the city, many begin their day on a school bus at 7 A.M. and get home after 4 P.M.
Chopped beef shot with smoky perfumed sauce is even better.
She remembers gazing with awe at the elegant pastel-colored linen dresses and finely tailored suits of the men and women who stayed in the gingerbread cottages.
Wheelchair accessibility: The dining room is one step up and the restrooms are down a flight of stairs.
Mr. Petrich said he felt that environmentalists had been excluded during the committee tour, so he invited representatives from the Southeast Alaska Conservation Council to meet him at the Westmark Cape Fox Lodge, where the committee was staying.
Also receiving honorary degrees were Kitty Carlisle Hart, chairwoman of the New York State Council on the Arts, and Henry Louis Gates Jr., head of the African-American studies department at Harvard University.
Here, you can't tell the psychos from the nonpsychos.
The City Parks Foundation offered a reward of $1,000 for anyone providing information leading to the arrest and conviction of the shooter.
Notice that the same management of the heart suit would have been correct in the alternative contract of three no-trump.
In an interesting rebuttal, Kay said: "As long as you're getting paid, that's their commitment to you.
Having to live up to her father's legacy -- can you imagine?"
Money, money, money, that's all that was important to them.
He hops about, telling one silly fib after another, till he's managed to convert principle into something devious.
Analysts attribute this to extreme mismanagement.
Mr. Molinari, who last summer said he would have difficulty supporting Mr. Giuliani in any subsequent election, said last night that he has always supported the Mayor, though the two still have differences.
Explaining that he voted for Ross Perot in 1992, and wants to do so again next year, Mr. Nutall said: "He made himself a billionaire.
But every day the subsidiaries are still allowed to make a mockery of the U.S. embargo by buying Iranian oil and selling it outside the U.S.
At that time it was on what was City College's downtown campus, at 23d Street and Lexington Avenue, now the site of Baruch College.
With 1,114 homicides recorded in the city this year as of a week ago, he said, "We'll never go back to the 390 homicides that occurred in 1960."
We'll decide who's the next big star of late night.'
James Nares Paul Kasmin Gallery 74 Grand Street SoHo Through March 4 James Nares understands that if you're going to be a one-note painter, the least you can do is develop perfect pitch.
Others take the breath out of you.
"Instead, we work with the other parent to figure out a strategy for the family to cover the bills," he said.
Reaction was varied among the other 29 owners.
Despite her obvious magnetism and intelligence, Mary Cunningham Agee seemed to become a lightning rod in the hostile storm brewing over Boise.
By tying computers together, Notes can be as vital to a business as the operating system that runs its stand-alone computers.
By far the biggest advantage is that the measure would make more clear the purposes of future debt and the revenues that will be available to pay it off.
He was that company's principal conductor from 1957 to 1960 and continued his association with it until 1964, when he accepted two posts in Leipzig, East Germany, as general music director of the Leipzig Opera and principal conductor of the Gewandhaus Orchestra.
She has already felt the sting of two furlough days, and with Mayor Barry's plan that all non-essential city employees be furloughed for 10 days before the fiscal year ends on Sept. 30, she said she was worried about falling behind on her car payments and rent of $550 a month.
Mr. Crutchfield's particular fascination is for ornamentation: the filigree of trills, scales, arpeggios and subsidiary melodic gestures that singers of the 18th and early 19th centuries regularly added to their written parts, often as improvisations.
But Washington would insist that Beijing drop some trade barriers more quickly, using timetables required of more advanced industrial nations.
MORE PLANS Will marry Gina Miller of Deerfield Beach, Fla., on July 8.
NBC may also interrupt its coverage of the baseball playoffs tonight for additional coverage of the verdict, though a network spokeswoman said the baseball games will not be extensively pre-empted.
If he was ever to return to basketball, however, this was the most propitious time, on virtual playoff eve.
Mrs. M.'s minimal financial loss does not lessen her emotional one or her concern about the effects all the fertility drugs might have on her body.
When Mr. Schickele finally donned his radio persona, the lilting, resonant speech patterns and the homey manner felt as comfortableas an old slipper.
And there are lots of issues involved because there are lots of 50th-anniversary events on celebrating the end of World War II."
A father and son pleaded guilty yesterday to selling a methamphetamine-like drug made on a Pennsylvania ostrich farm.
"The social life of students is richer and more heterogeneous and conflict-ridden in a way that prepares them for the actual world out there."
Why would anyone give $100,000 to consort with politicians?
But it suggests that Guatemala required neither Karl Marx nor the Central Intelligence Agency to be consumed by class and ethnic war, and that the Guatemalan army, currently in the news because some of its officers received secret C.I.A.
"You can't have everyone having their normal years and win a pennant.
8 U. of Pennsylvania .
Damages: Vote on passage of a bill that would for the first time set limits in all the nation's courts on damages awarded in all civil lawsuits.
And there was a fashion show on Sunday that was a hodgepodge of recycled Moschino designs with no evident theme.
At least 30 cadets had dropped out of The Citadel by Friday, acknowledging that they could not withstand the rigors of "hell week."
It landed soft, just in front of the green.
Upstairs are two other Old Master dealers, Bob Haboldt and Guy Sainty.
And then came the attack on the Prime Minister.
In addition, North Korea continued to hold a fishing boat and crew that it had seized at sea earlier this year.
Even in drawing the distinction between Gypsy and fortune-teller, Mr. Hancock explained why some Gypsies employ themselves as psychics.
LOSSES ON REAL ESTATE CUT PATAKI'S TAXES Governor Pataki earned $121,000 from his law practice and legislative salary last year, according to tax returns.
Not to mention a medal from Queen Victoria and an ascendancy to the mythic.
Still, the rookie with the very un-Georgetown-like tattoo on his left shoulder led Georgetown into today's semifinal game with first-ranked Connecticut by cutting and slicing Miami, 69-58, in the quarterfinal yesterday.
Other people believe that Netscape, the upstart Internet software company, could become the next Microsoft victim, and that the next Microsoft is none other than Microsoft itself.
"But you know, I'm very pleased that Ellison is bringing this up.
On the 3-to-3 vote, the proposal for hearings died.
Deere "spent a lot of time trying to convince everyone that 1996 is going to be O.K.," said Blair Brumley, a Dain Bosworth analyst who participated in the company's conference call with analysts.
Asked whether the Japanese consumer electronics giant would be interested in buying an American television network, Mr. Idei would not comment.
Simply to say his name, George Abbott, is to think of Jimmy Durante, Ethel Merman, Carol Haney, Gene Kelly, Ray Bolger, Gwen Verdon, Zero Mostel.
The plan calls for Goodyear to buy 3.7 million shares, for $60 million, in addition to the stake that Goodyear bought from the Polish treasury earlier this month for $55 million.
Michigan (17-13, 11-7), losing its fifth straight game on the road, finished third in the conference.
It is when that is in doubt that the public hesitates."
Now Mr. LeBow controls a pile of $300 million in cash that his companies received during the reorganization of New Valley under bankruptcy protection.
Soon after she got her acceptance letter in the mail, Ms. Berenson, who excelled in science and math, decided to go to M.I.T.
And District 21, which includes Coney Island, Gravesend and Bensonhurst, is facing a one-two punch as it gets less money from the city while a $2.5 million Federal magnet grant runs out.
He is survived by his wife, Margaret Love Stevens; two daughters, Shirley Sperka, of Palm Desert, Calif., and Gwenn Langmack, of Sedona, Ariz.; four stepdaughters, Marnie Wright of San Francisco, Elizabeth Hazel of Pittsburgh, Julie Ziv of Chicago, and Amy Kiernan of Charlotte, Vt., and seven grandchildren.
His novels are no longer fashionable, at least compared with those of French writers like Celine, Bataille and Duras.
It takes a computer hacker to catch one.
Much of the bitterness stems from a 1993 zoning law that a majority of the residents here had supported in an effort to help clear the countryside of dilapidated trailers and rusted jalopies on cinder blocks.
"He claims he wants to prove his innocence."
It is time for it to end once and for all."
This would have been one of the biggest changes since men were admitted in 1969.
The wolf, until recently extinct in the wild everywhere in the lower 48 states, is now in the news.
"All I know is what works!"
The bats that roared during the Mets' six-game winning streak must have decided to take the night off tonight.
Today, only certain ex-offenders get such "after-care."
The Gainesville Sun quoted Mr. McCarthy as saying: "Rule No.
The breakup was painful enough by itself, but the electronic filters made it maddening.
George E. Pataki and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani at a public hearing last night, saying that they would be to blame if the price of a subway token rises to $1.50.
The only victims that will be affected by this bill are those innocent Americans who will now be more likely to be searched illegally without a warrant.
The debate about the American military presence seems much more immediate here on the southern Japanese island where Americans and Japanese hurled grenades at each other 50 years ago.
This film is not rated.
"My idea of a studio apartment was $600 a month," he said.
"I sent it back on Monday, said take this back."
The townspeople forgave him the fact that he elected to die in Chattanooga.
The French, who have the largest contingent of United Nations troops in Bosnia and who have taken the toughest stand against in the current Bosnian Serb offensive, are planning to propose an airborne reinforcement of Gorazde, the remaining protected area in eastern Bosnia, and the securing of the land corridor over Mount Igman to Sarajevo, when European leaders meet in London on July 21, senior French diplomats in Sarajevo said.
Six months of peace talks with the Tamil Tigers, and an accompanying cease-fire, gave way in late April to new fighting, initiated by the Tigers, that has resulted in the deaths of at least 500 fighters on both sides, as well as of scores of civilians.
"The reason we moved here was we didn't have a place to live," said Mr. Arrosa-Penagaricano.
Both are dwarfed by the two leaders, Fidelity Investments, at $264 billion, and the Vanguard Group, at $145 billion.
The Parks Department said all Harlem fields were taken by adult softball leagues.
The dollar rose yesterday as Wall Street stocks and bonds pushed to fresh highs and the European currencies regained strength against the German mark.
"But six months is a very long time in Russian politics."
That's what makes the economy grow."
The $1 million rink is 150 feet long and 85 feet wide, 30 feet shorter than a regulation hockey rink and about 20 percent larger than the rink at Rockefeller Center.
Like several other police officials, he notes that numerous investigations have uncovered no evidence that the owners are in the drug business, or that police officers are looking the other way.
What tipped the balance, Administration officials said, was the view that a rebuff by Mr. Clinton would be interpreted as a slight across the former Soviet Union, which lost 20 million lives in the war against Nazi Germany.
We can't take any more cuts."
"The only thing they share is me," he says.
He talked about loyalty to ideals and loyalty to people.
"I sit and wait, sit and wait.
In "Play It All Night Long," Mr. Zevon's unhurried guitar solo could almost have been a slow Irish fiddle tune.
If someone does -- and that is appearing increasingly likely -- then the 327 Conservative members of Parliament who vote will turn to party regulars and leaders at home to make the agonizing choice of sticking with Mr. Major or bolting to an insurgent who might be more charismatic.
Thursday at 6:30 P.M. Free.
The relationships of 36 sets of sisters.
A prominent client was W. Mark Felt, former acting associate director of the agency, and its No.
Perhaps I was only being swept up in what Aldous Huxley once called "the most romantic city in the world."
That left Piniella with an apparent choice of Tim Belcher, a regular starter, who worked in relief in the first round of the playoffs, or Bob Wells, a starter early in the season who relieved for only one inning in the five games against the Yankees.
His father is a lawyer in Hauppauge.
14 9 16 TALTOS, by Anne Rice.
Broadway had a furious pace below Houston Street.
Sunlight streams through the windows as waiters rush about, pampering their customers.
The grapes are all from the Jordan estate.
He has two more years remaining on the lease.
The grape is not listed but could well be the ubiquitous cannonau, which is Sardinia's version of Spain's garnacha or France's grenache.
The Administration also needs to redouble its efforts to place the Haitian children who remain at Guantanamo.
Among declining stocks was System Software, another software developer, which dropped 3515/16 , to 257/16 .
The businessman could tell they wanted more.
The British Army is in Northern Ireland to uphold the law.
CCP rose $1.25, to $20.625, well above the $15 set at its public offering in 1992 and the $13.625 low set last December.
Further complicating matters, several colleagues of the Rome fertility specialist who said he engineered the procedure, Dr. Pasquale Bilotta, have questioned the feat's validity.
Consider the lawsuit last fall of 82-year-old Stella Liebeck, who bought coffee at a McDonald's in Albuquerque, N.M., got into a car where, while prying off the lid, she spilled some on her lap, resulting in third-degree burns and skin grafts.
The child takes sadistic pleasure in inflicting hideous pain and is deemed a hero.
"Capitalism is not a rational system," exclaimed Stanley Aronowitz, a sociology professor at the City University of New York Graduate Center.
When a mysterious cargo plane landed in besieged Bihac last week with arms for the Bosnian Government forces there, it began its journey in Croatia, United Nations officials said.
Gopac did not register as a Federal political committee until May 1991, after the Democrats complained to the commission.
ORGANIZATION Clinton-Gore '96 PRODUCER Squier, Knapp, Ochs, Washington; Hank Sheinkopf, New York City; Dick Morris, West Redding, Conn.; Marius Penczer, Memphis.
"And then there is this phenomenal new interest in gardening," Ms. McCloskey said.
Throughout Mr. Dinkins's four years as mayor, Mr. Koch second-guessed him from the sidelines, and in 1993, he endorsed Mr. Giuliani in his successful run against Mr. Dinkins.
Quarterback Boomer Esiason passed for 190 yards and 3 interceptions, the final one just after the final two-minute warning.
"We reached a decision point," Ms. DeWolfe said.
The other was "The King of Comedy" (1983), a black comedy with, among others, Mr. De Niro and Jerry Lewis.
Clearly, men, in most cases, exact more damage than do women when the two sexes collide.
The two, Anthony Rosario, 18, and Hilton Vega, 21, who were robbery suspects, were killed on Jan. 12 when they were struck by 22 bullets fired by two detectives they encountered in a Bronx apartment.
"IT IS NOT A FESTIVAL OF ORCHEStras," Martijn Sanders, the director of the Concertgebouw and organizer of the event, insisted, trying to keep the focus squarely on Mahler.
Ralph Branca, the Dodger who threw the pitch that Bobby Thomson turned into "The Shot Heard 'Round the World," said he felt sorry for the fans.
"Some time ago, you wouldn't have found Lutheran or Anglican theologians saying that sort of thing," said Dr. Robert Jenson, a Lutheran theologian who teaches at St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minn. "Of course, it is a long way from there to acceptance by their churches of papal primacy."
"You, too, if you can."
And the normally staid Atlanta soft drink company issued an unusual statement: "It is the policy of the Coca-Cola Company not to comment on rumors about acquisitions or divestitures.
It used Tasker, a wide receiver and special teams specialist, on the end around.
1 THE PENDULUM OF ALIENATION Many historians who track the nation's mood swings say the anger, discontent and distrust of authority that erupted among the left in the 60's have become the signatures of the right 30 years later.
Patti Ward, who sent an older child to parochial school, thinks her daughter Kelly needs more attention than she could get in a crowded junior high.
The British Boxing Board of Control cleared the American of any offense and said the fight could go on as scheduled at Wembley Stadium.
"That's the way it goes when you play Michael," said cornerback Phillippi Sparks, who defended against Irvin all afternoon.
Greenpeace sent Mr. O'Cadhla and his team to prevent this.
As compensation, senators won the House's promise that no tax cuts would take effect until the Congressional Budget Office certified that spending reductions were locked in and sending the budget toward balance.
William Wood, a nondenominational minister, officiated at the Tea Rose Garden, a public courtyard in Pasadena, Calif. Mrs. Rivers is a speech and language pathologist at Casa Colina Center for Rehabilitative Medicine in Pomona, Calif. She graduated from Denison University and received a master's degree in speech and language pathology from San Diego State University.
That borough is also considering whether to form a pedestrian review committee to evaluate development projects and zoning changes, said Tom Toronto, a Leonia Councilman.
"Well, he could be right," Gabe's father, Alan, said.
One major attraction will be the New York premiere of Robert Wilson's production of Virgil Thomson's "Four Saints in Three Acts."
But for the first time ever, the N.C.A.A.
And it is a measure of how uncertain things are in football now that agents pay for a rumor service that compiles reports from all over, synthesizes them, and then sends them out via fax.
NOYES MUSEUM "Fields of Vision: Photography by Leonard Balish."
Luxottica asked U.S. Shoe shareholders to file their requests for a special meeting by April 13.
"I just decided it was time to get off my behind and do something," he said.
Content to see them battle each other, the world largely remained silent about Iraq's chemical transgressions.
And one woman nominated herself, saying she was "the fairy godmother of New York."
The brouhaha, however, helped draw record crowds and brought a big surge in the sale of Mapplethorpe's photographs.
With the support of the Government, the network offers courses in arithmetic, history, geography, religion and civics.
The chairman of Citicorp, William R. Rhodes, told a group of American investors this week that the program was a good one, but he added that its success depended on its being carried out in disciplined fashion in order to restore confidence.
Pentagon officials note that even as the armed forces have reduced the number of active duty personnel to about 1.6 million from more than 2.2 million in 1987, the percentage of minorities has increased in the enlisted ranks and the officer corps alike.
President Hashemi Rafsenjani of Iran ended a three-day state visit to India today with a blistering attack on the United States, saying Teheran was determined to acquire nuclear power reactors from Russia despite strong objections from Washington.
He often brought the waiters out from the Astor Hotel in Manhattan, which he managed, and held extravagant parties that featured seven-course meals."
"There is a disingenuousness in this group's assertions," he said, adding, " "We think their claim has absolutely no merit and the sale will proceed on course."
They were executed in 1918 by the Bolsheviks, and their remains were unearthed in 1992.
Twenty years after the end of the war and the disappearance of Americans from Vietnam, this Communist country is in the throes of an English-language boom that has little to do with the past and everything to do with the nation's rush to join the international marketplace.
He was widely criticized as an ineffective H.E.W.
These volumes will provide a foundation for research in their resurrection of lost details: newspaper reviews, impresarios' declaration, the economic demands of an art form.
American independent cinema will also be represented by Hal Hartley's "Flirt," Noah Baumbach's "Kicking and Screaming" and "The Gate of Heavenly Peace," Carma Hinton and Richard Gordon's documentary about the massacre in Tiananmen Square.
In a cheerful, smiling manner, Mr. Gingrich went out of his way to appear bipartisan.
Now, after learning the art of confrontation, some Acorn members are using confrontational tactics against one of their own -- Acorn's head organizer.
And the flight from Hartford's troubled schools has continued, even among the families whose children were plaintiffs in the suit, known as Sheff v. O'Neill.
Rest assured it will be, as long as Mike Milbury, the new coach with front-office ambitions, has a longer contract.
Prof. of Law, U. of Tennessee Knoxville, Tenn., Nov. 7, 1995
With some bravado on the eve of the fiscal year that began on July 1, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced that he had won $440 million in savings from New York City's municipal unions and had ironclad commitments for $160 million more that would be in hand by Oct. 1.
A musical by Nick Raposo, with songs by Joe Raposo, based on a short story by L. Frank Baum about an alien that kidnaps Santa Claus on Christmas Eve; directed by John Nurnin.
Arriving late, Lake had to wait through the dinner, then settle for a 10-minute car ride with the weary candidate; Clinton asked one question about arms control but mostly quizzed Lake on how the ailing economy was affecting his neighbors.
Detectives at the 110th Precinct in Elmhurst were investigating the possibility that the person who telephoned the threat was a disgruntled customer.
The best time to use copper sulfate -- which should not harm the tree itself -- is just after the roots have been cut by snaking.
The drug also suppresses the release of immune system chemicals that are thought to contribute to the destruction of myelin.
Scientists, meanwhile, use it to monitor live video and data signals from robot submarines on the ocean floor.
Clifford Bond, a former block captain and one of the people in the group of four families that has not settled, said the Government needed to face up to the decision to drop the explosives.
Former President Jimmy Carter said today that if all parties agreed, he might return to Bosnia to try to preserve a cease-fire he brokered in December that continues to deteriorate.
When it does, Wells Fargo can start soliciting First Interstate holders to tender their shares.
Kim Goad of Baltimore writes: "While dress codes in corporate offices seem to be getting more and more casual (at least on Fridays), I don't think they'll ever come down to my standards.
Sent Chris Nichting, pitcher, outright to Oklahoma City of the American Association.
The Victoria is the cheapest, starting at $154 for two in a double room, half-board; $193 at the Ancora; and $232 at the Poste.
The White House, he said, did not consult with him or other members of the City Council, adding that the Department of Public Works was opposed to it.
"This is a standard play that a lot of teams run," Jets Coach Rich Kotite said.
is part of the Transportation Department.
The comments by Mr. Daschle today were notable because he is the sole Democrat in the party's leadership who supports a balanced-budget amendment, and who voted for one in the Senate last March.
But whether he would be able to keep his party united in Government is an open question.
Yellow is loyal and feisty and has an unerring sense of direction.
That's not just a cheap shot at a President already lampooned as a waffle.
's personnel system, so the agency could hire, train, promote and keep good people.
Instead, the company took 226,200 square feet of low-floor space at the former Exxon Building.
You start with me and you're the enemy.
Mr. Babbio said Bell Atlantic would file new applications this summer that would include a new design for turning its telephone network into a pipeline capable of carrying voices, video and data.
Hansen will be in his 12th season and second with the Jets, who signed him as a free agent from Cleveland last season.
Today, Mr. Clinton made only an oblique reference to the visit that Mr. Bush made here four years ago, when his warning against "suicidal nationalism" was taken by many Ukrainians as an affront.
Which leaves the eclectic repertory of Summerfun in Montclair.
While Iran is castigated as an outlaw state and pariah nation, the oppressive domestic policies and anti-democratic regional meddling of the Saudi monarchy merit scarcely a mention from United States leaders.
His father, who is retired, was from 1980 to 1983 a deputy consulate general for South Korea in New York.
SCHOOL BOARD TO INVESTIGATE REMARKS A Community School Board in southeast Queens agreed last night to investigate the remarks of an assistant principal at an elementary school after parents said he disparaged black children and their ability to swim.
He was always my best friend until the day he died.
"I think it's an invasion of privacy," said Jane Makulski, principal of Berkley High School in Michigan.
Quiches, croque monsieur sandwiches and salads round out the all-day menu in this funky little place that is also good for a light lunch.
Norman M. Bradburn, senior vice president for the National Opinion Research Center, estimates that about two-thirds, or 60, of those interviewed will actually show up in Austin.
At the company's annual meeting in Turin, Mr. Agnelli said he expected revenue for the year to rise to 76 trillion lire from 65.5 trillion lire.
The potential sampling error for smaller subgroups is larger.
Investigators were still trying to learn if Mr. Kasparian had made recent changes to the Porsche, and why he was traveling at speeds other motorists estimated at 80 to 100 miles per hour on a narrow, two lane stretch of the highway atop the Palisades just after 4:30 P.M. Sunday.
George Pataki, has laid out a plan that treats New York City more harshly than the suburbs and also seems to be tilted toward Republican constituencies.
In an eerie reprise of his famous flight last year, he rode home today in a white police van, tailed once again by reporters in cars and helicopters as bystanders waved from overpasses.
But afraid for her safety, the woman refused to be interviewed or even mentioned.
Although Mr. Gaede lacked a valid visa to work in the United States, he obtained highly sensitive jobs at the nation's two leading semiconductor makers.
Conservatives, we are told, believe that teaching homosexual issues, themes and characters "can sway students toward homosexuality at a vulnerable time" (news article, Oct. 11).
His largest investment was the common stock of the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company.
has continued to investigate the crime and look for evidence of break-ins elsewhere, Mr. Shimomura has been answering telephone calls and E-mail from government, corporate and university computer administrators seeking advice on how to arm themselves.
He does it again in his seventh Inspector Banks mystery, FINAL ACCOUNT (Berkley Prime Crime, $21.95), with a dark, unsettling story about a man who lived a double life.
8 4 FIRST OFFENSE, by Nancy Taylor Rosenberg.
And in the last three meetings between these teams, the games have been lopsided and over just about the time they started.
Mr. Morton played Ron Langston, father of two in an extended African-American middle-class family -- something rarely visible in a prime time drama.
The Mainichi, a major daily, reported today that one sect member on a wanted list, Yasuo Hayashi, may be carrying a gun and a supply of VX, an extremely lethal poison gas.
As chairman of a company controlled by 40 members of his family, who owned about two-fifths of its stock, Mr. Martell was regarded as a patriarch both to the company and to the town.
"And I'm particular who I sell to."
The owners have long insisted that removal of the exemption or any part of it would not lead to an agreement.
It is the time before the reviews when even the clunkers-in-progress can be made to smell like hits, when the backstage drama of every new show is a cliffhanger: Will Zoe Caldwell be a lock for the Tony in "Master Class"?
Another major concern, death penalty opponents said, is how the bill will define mental retardation in excluding the mentally retarded from execution.
At a public hearing yesterday on the administration's plans to privatize most or all of the 11 city hospitals eventually, several members of the City Council expressed concern that a leasing arrangement might be a way for the administration to avoid seeking the council's approval of a sale.
Supposing that things would have been better, and I would have seen the results of five years work.
The catalogue, which has telegraphic entries and no pictures, urges subscribers to try early and not give up the first year if they particularly want a house.
It will be called the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees, and carry the acronym UNITE.
I worry about treating women the way he treated my mother."
Mr. Dobbins said he had not been aware of the abuses and agreed to stop using Mr. Fawkes's firm, Ms. Metz said.
"Olympia and I are always going into New York to see movies we can't find in Jersey," added Mr. Zorich, who's married to the actress Olympia Dukakis.
He has supplemented his income by being host on televised beauty pageants and low-budget network specials.
The process got high marks compared with that of the past, when mayors would send their own choices to a so-called independent committee to rubber-stamp.
Sarah Bernhardt, the French actress, writes to her lover Jean Richepin: "Carry me off into the blue skies of tender loves, roll me in dark clouds, trample me with your thunderstorms, break me in your angry rages.
Showalter enjoyed a solid relationship with Michael so he had been hesitant to agree on a contract until he knew who the next general manager would be.
The state must first apply for a waiver from the Department of Health and Human Services to change the rules governing Aid to Families with Dependent Children, the primary state-Federal welfare program.
Los Lobos, "Papa's Dream" (Music for Little People, 1995).
But that's O.K., too, because I've got so many other things that I want to do.
never used to allow itself to be second-guessed about.
All three parks face the Atlantic Ocean, and all three were affected yesterday by the hurricane, named Felix.
Framing the roof of a concrete hut at the edge of this huge city, and wearing a Zedillo for President cap, he called the Government's promises of a better future "pure lies."
The unsupportable arrangement by which New York State ceded control of hiring at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center to mob-dominated unions will soon be history.
In October, a Federal jury ordered the Las Vegas Hilton, the site of the convention, and the Hilton Hotels Corporation to pay Ms. Coughlin $6.7 million -- $1.7 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages.
If they have, for example, smooth edges and no irregular colors or dark shadows, they are most likely benign, explained Dr. Christopher Merritt of Tulane University, who tested the ultrasound method.
debate have to make do with laymen's notions of whatever underlies intelligent behavior -- that is, feats as disparate (according to Mr. Perkins) as success on the television quiz show "Jeopardy" and skill in maneuvering furniture up staircases.
He said he was not in a position yet to decide if he would see "Pocahontas."
In less than two weeks, 34 people have been slain in Guerrero.
In a sharp break with tradition, the reporters and editors gave the leaders detailed briefings on what would be published in their articles.
The opposition is weak and without a clear platform.
Meanwhile, Mr. Hirst, who recently turned 30 and has just been nominated a second time for the Turner Prize of the Tate Gallery, is creating something else to put in the sculpture's place at Gagosian.
The case of National Medical provides more than just a window on troubles in the dialysis business.
Greenpeace has repeatedly sent ships into the testing area as an expression of protest.
MY FIVE CAMBRIDGE FRIENDS: Burgess, Maclean, Philby, Blunt and Cairncross by Their K.G.B.
"And only right on your own cutting board," added a second woman.
Tuesday through Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. and Sunday, noon to 5 P.M. 31 Titus Mill Road, Pennington.
But finally he is deeply proud of his life, particularly his role in exposing Watergate.
* Wear a helmet with a light.
The islanders' anger at the Government has been building since December, when the Government closed a lucrative fishery for sea cucumbers, which are exported for use in Asian cooking, after the legal harvesting limit was vastly exceeded.
Despite its history and Old West memorabilia, the Wort wasn't built until 1941.
Oh, and before we could officially sell our old house, we had to pay to get a certificate of occupancy from Bergenfield -- as if living there for eight years wasn't proof enough that the place was habitable.
When it was over, their thinking had changed.
Donnie Baseball knows something else.
While her comments concerned abuses that have taken place around the world -- the burning of brides occurs in India for example, and rape has most recently been a tactic of war in Bosnia -- her words took on a special resonance here in China, where the Administration has muted its public criticism of human rights abuses and is struggling to patch up frayed political relations.
Football The day before the opening round of the Catholic High School Football League playoffs, Coach Bill Basel of Chaminade said he expected two of the lower-level teams, Iona Prep (7-1) and Holy Trinity (6-2), both of the AA Division, to challenge the league's traditional powers.
"I think I want to close off the doorway from the kitchen into the living room and make a closet for the little study."
The music director Richard Kapp conducts sundry 18th-century novelties, among them a cantata by Johann Hasse for soprano, glass harmonica and orchestra, and a new performing version of Handel's operetta "Imeneo" next Saturday at 8 P.M.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
"The traditional organizing strategy has been shop by shop," said Francisco Chang, an organizer for the International Ladies Garment Workers Union.
And thousands of hogs can be raised on one farm, many times the number on traditional farms.
The Simpson trial was not one of these.
About working for a living, what all my friends do 12 or 14 hours a day."
"My lawyers told me I was being set up," he said.
When elderly residents asked him to shop, he said, "No problem."
"The Republican control of Congress makes it more likely that their agendas will be dealt with."
Coach Terry Murray of the Philadelphia Flyers is making sure that the test comes Tuesday night.
There are those of us who look back to that earlier wonderland as an event that summed up all the possibilities of a better world.
It will then travel to the Phillips Collection in Washington (May 20 to Aug. 27) and the Joslyn Art Museum in Omaha.
Should I trim it now?
"But we need to set up some kind of rotation schedule to be better organized, so that teachers and departments are not competing with one another.
It will be held from 8:30 A.M. to 2 P.M. at the Italian Center on Newfield Avenue.
George E. Pataki to help lift us from fourth worst state in voter turnout by providing the funds to register all eligible New Yorkers.
His boss was the traitor Kim Philby.
"We can't stay competitive without an economically and environmentally sound method to dispose our material," said Frank N. Caggiano, the deputy port director at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
In previous years, Ms. Tarte, who lives on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, would return home from long hours at the office and cook past midnight for a party of 20.
Unlike, say, New England or Montana or the Deep South, New Jersey doesn't exactly leap to mind as having spawned a literature of its own, or a literary school, or a tradition of letters.
"There was the general belief that minorities didn't have the connections or didn't know how to work 'the system' to keep from getting fired," Dr. Silver said.
THE CELESTINE PROPHECY, by James Redfield.
In 1991-92, while the United States pressed Guatemala to find the killers, Mr. Brugger failed to notify Ambassador Stroock that Colonel Alpirez, a prime suspect, was a C.I.A.
But the arcade remains unfinished -- and the studios were never started.
KEYPORT JAZZ FESTIVAL The day kicks off at noon with the Rich Reiter Swing Band with Tricia Slafta, vocalist.
Sierra, who was polite with reporters while he complained on Thursday, was surly today and refused to discuss his complaints.
But at Amherst and Williams, such discourses are the norm.
Knicks Coach Don Nelson: "There'd be so much bellyachin' on the court and from the bench that we'd never finish the game."
There is even a "Musical Interlude" for the septet.
The turnout makes one thing clear.
For example: "It's not easy to sit down and get started.
To encourage investors to roll over those notes instead of cashing them in, the central bank is expected to offer to replace mature tesobonos with something called sovereign debt bonds that will have longer terms and higher interest rates.
Because of Yom Kippur, alternate-side street cleaning regulations will be suspended in New York City on Wednesday.
Before she imposed them on Sept. 13, residents and businesses in the drought region had used an average of 321 million gallons a day since Sept. 1.
"It's in my hands out there, and I'm judging myself on my effort, not on whether or not other people look at me as a success.
The best example she can think of dates back to the first six weeks of Niall's life, which he spent in a hospital.
The plan calls for Maj. Chris Hadfield of the Canadian Air Force, the shuttle's crane operator, to lift the tunnel with the robot arm early Tuesday and position the cylinder vertically over a docking ring in the cargo bay.
The 47-year-old Mr. Barr, former United States Attorney in north Georgia, is already demonstrating some skill at the Capitol's "byzantine" ways, which he says he came to appreciate in an earlier career as the Central Intelligence Agency's legislative analyst.
Tyson, the 28-year-old former heavyweight champion, was expected to go to his home in Southington, Ohio, where he owns a 60-acre estate.
Friday at 7:30 and 10 P.M. Tickets: $15.
and Apple Computer Inc., has been supplanted by the software and networking revolution led by the Microsoft Corporation and Novell Inc. Wall Street remains on a roller coaster.
And Adam Miller mixed academic balleticisms with more interesting thrusts and communal groupings in "Clear Route," set to music by Philip Glass and danced by a strong cast that included Mr. Miller, Ms. Russillo, Cathy Cerullo, Natalie Koons, Gerald Premick and Cheryl Sladkin.
These modified bell-bottoms look to be the pants of the season.
"This is our line in the sand," said Peter F. Karches, a Morgan managing director.
It's nice to know that racing in New York is not trying to show up poor baseball, a sign of professional respect from one sport to another.
Contrasted with "Sonata," Mr. Tomasson's other ballets are showcases for dancers.
Mr. Scarlata also said the company was looking for longer-term financing to meet future cash needs, though he failed to mention to shareholders that Goldman had the right of first refusal on any new financing.
Tight budgets have already caused census officials to cut back on the publication of reports on data from previous surveys and to reduce the number of locations this year for testing new methods of counting people for the next census.
Many mothers of Russian soldiers come to Mozdok to try to find out the fate of their sons in the Chechen war, and usually are told little.
Mr. Bolcom, stealing an idea from his teacher Darius Milhaud, is actually writing two concertos for left hand and orchestra that can be played separately or combined.
Dr. Diana Fishbein, a criminologist at the Department of Justice, who is known for her attempts to incorporate a biological perspective on the study of crime, nonetheless pleaded for what she admitted were "bleeding heart programs."
Never mind, the customers flocked to General Hardware before the doors were installed.
To the Editor: "The Tainted Foster Nomination" (editorial, Feb. 10) further skews the distorted debate over the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster Jr. to be Surgeon General.
Brown & Sons Maximum shares offered: 2.75 million; 37% of company Expected price per share: $11.50 - $13.50 Sales, year ended Feb. '95: $92.5 million Earnings, year ended Feb. '95: $4.5 million; 51 cents a share.
They even have the smell of spring, thanks to a dousing of flowery perfume.
She is a daughter of Jean Whelan of Baldwin, L.I., and Thomas Whelan of South Dartmouth, Mass.
The agreement bans Polaner from publishing any book, magazine or story regarding the allegations in the complaint, said a lawyer for the boxer, JOHN J. TROMBADORE.
But the deal would be worth at least $28 million based on the terminals' typical retail price of $3,500 to $4,000.
According to calculations by the House Budget Committee, first published last month in The Boston Globe, more than $110 billion of those cuts would be made by committees that control benefit programs like Medicare and food stamps, and $75 billion would come from programs like road building, environmental protection and education.
Had the tests found potentially disease-causing bacteria, a series of corrective actions and retesting would have been required under state regulations, she said, and that would have prevented many of the division's workers and managers from attending the party.
Because of an editing error, a review of the Crossroads Theater Company's production of "The Piano Lesson" last Sunday omitted two words in a sentence describing the plot.
The judiciary in Singapore is neither independent nor free.
14 15 2 OF LOVE AND OTHER DEMONS, by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
"The next mayor will have a very big job, but if we can find someone with the right combination of competence and imagination, this city can take off."
Left tackles are like diamonds; it takes years to develop raw talent into a work of art.
Company officials could not be reached for comment.
The defense would have taken one more trick if Meckstroth had cashed his other heart winner.
When he returned home the evening of the police raids on the sect, he said, there were 34 messages on his answering machine -- all imploring him to renounce Aum.
Revenge would be great but knocking Dallas out of the home- field race would even be better.
"Does he want to break the company up?"
Museum hours: Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 8:30 P.M.; Saturdays through Tuesdays, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.; closed Wednesdays.
"There has been a definite shift in the mood of the equity market," said E. Wayne Nordberg, equity partner of Lord Abbett & Company.
Bruce Clark of the California Highway Patrol.
Mr. Ghosh ended up in hospital, but he counts the occasion as a victory.
So the institutions created to deal with the threat have focused on a very different cross-section of suspects: amateur photographers, computer hackers, respected artists and -- sometimes -- unwitting, middle-class, suburban parents like the Groskys who were snared through laws, on the books in 12 states, that require photo processing labs to alert authorities about potential "child pornography."
Violence becomes exaggerated almost to the point of caricature, but never crosses the line into mere gratuitousness.
He falls in love with a radical feminist and begins to question the very essence of his public identity.
With last week's dismissal of another two jurors, the O. J. Simpson jury slouches even closer to what many Americans assume to be legal apocalypse: a panel of less than 12 members.
Executives at Softbank and Microsoft's Tokyo office declined to comment on the report.
Davies, the tournament's defending champion, admitted she was hurt by the article.
In a way this means these Serbs have won, no matter what happens in the war."
"It might be that people with a smaller hippocampus to begin with are the ones most susceptible to post-traumatic stress symptoms," said Dr. Roger Pitman, a psychiatrist at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Manchester, N.H. "The rule of thumb is that no matter what kind of trauma -- an earthquake, combat, rape -- only about 15 percent of victims will get long-lasting, severe post-trauma symptoms," said Dr. Bremner.
So far this season the Pitbulls and Chiefs both are 3-0, and the Packers are 2-1, losing to the Chiefs.
Maxtor, a troubled maker of computer disk drives based in San Jose, Calif., that has about 7,700 employees, said it was considering further talks with Hyundai.
In response, the conservative ranchers who have always held sway in the region are setting up new alliances, stockpiling arms, running off some invaders and threatening others.
Wednesday through Sunday, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M.
And in interviews, both men spoke of Mr. Dimon as if he was their superior.
Since the woman was a rape victim, her name was omitted from the court record.
Dennis F. Thompson, who runs an ethical studies program at Harvard, observed that since most elected officials are men, rigid rules against their spouses holding Government jobs would discriminate against women.
If the forsythia, quince and winter hazel have bloomed, prune these shrubs now.
Edwards carried his team in the third quarter, scoring 13 of the Nets' first 15 points in the third quarter.
Fitzer's also serves lunch and dinner.
At his best, Mr. Shipp, who is obviously an accomplished pianist, guided the band into brief intervals of introspection, where his clear touch and repeated ideas created eddies of lucidity and lightness.
William E. Odom: Send in ground troops, and a lot of them.
He said he would freeze school assistance, the largest block of money that localities receive from the state, at $9.7 billion, and revenue sharing at $529 million.
This would be funny if it weren't so tragic: while the Clinton Administration is working and praying for Saddam's demise, most of his fellow rulers like him just the way he is.
There should be an "Are we there yet?"
Dolich, formerly with the Oakland Athletics for 15 years, said he was leaving because the Warriors' transition is complete, with a new owner, coach and general manager.
The Penguins' frantic play perhaps was inspired by the team owner Howard Baldwin's promise to shake up his aging, high-priced team if it again exited early in the playoffs.
"In the epilog of your book," the letter said, "you tried to justify your research by claiming that the developments you describe are inevitable, and that any college person can learn enough about computers to compete in a computer-dominated world.
It began climbing sharply late last week, apparently as the market saw signs of Heine's purchases.
5 P.M. Tickets: $15; $10 for students and the elderly.
Questioning the 43-year-old officer, the chief prosecutor in the case, Marcia Clark, did not reach that point in Mr. Fuhrman's story today.
Dan DeMatteo, president and chief operating officer of Neostar Retail Group Inc., a Dallas software chain that has two groups of stores -- Babbage's Inc. and Software Etc.
With longer games, the balance tends to swing back in favor of humans.
He said he "was not given advance notification of this recent attack as my lawyers had been assured they would by the independent counsel."
"This has resulted in confusion as to Bally Entertainment's involvement in those ill-conceived decisions."
After another hearty inn breakfast, of pancakes and bacon, I began driving to Emerald Mound, a bit north of Natchez, where the parkway's mile markers begin.
Given his rapid rise to the top of Salomon, the last few years must have been a rude awakening indeed.
But it is the other pending ruling in the Federal Circuit, in which the role of a jury is likely to be the more central issue.
Yesterday evening, a few hours after the ruling, word of it had not reached most workers at Penn Station.
And soon he was tearing up the league -- he hit .326 and led the league in homers with 19 -- and then the next one and the ones after that.
a dirty causeway just to the west of [Third] avenue, and at the rear of one of its gigantic rows of tenement houses.
And his seared Arctic char comes in a vegetable broth accompanied by shrimp and herb-filled ravioli.
"Simple plain English and facts in a logical order," the chief snaps.
"I don't think that at all," Bonilla said.
Kentucky MUSIC AT MAPLE MOUNT Maple Mount and Owensboro, June 11-24 (502-686-4229).
Of the 107 classics programs at colleges and universities with four or fewer professors, 27 have been formed since 1981.
George E. Pataki, Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and Defense Secretary William Perry.
and reprised in the recent anniversary issue of The New Yorker.
Several military officers, a Chinese official said, complained recently that Mr. Jiang had responded too slowly to the American decision to allow President Lee Tung-hui of Taiwan to visit the United States in June.
It has been almost 50 years since Marjory Stoneman Douglas sounded the alarm in "The Everglades: River of Grass," her environmental classic.
The stock climbed as high as $41.25 a share before closing at $41, up $2.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
That often meant altering choreography that had been created for the stage.
Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin, who spent 25 years with the New York investment house of Goldman Sachs, said today that the problem was the "almost instantaneous flows of capital that take place in today's financial markets."
"General Magic is a company in the right place at the right time that is moving a big, big mountain.
That ruling was a major victory for a Lotus competitor, Borland International, which had acknowledged Lotus's dominance in the industry by designing its own spreadsheet program, Quattro Pro, to enable users to operate Quattro as if it were Lotus 1-2-3.
The strippers are an update of the chorus girl lineup of hoary backstage dramas (the shrewd one, the insecure one, the arty one, etc.
But the Administration stretches the truth when it declares that American forces have created the safe and secure environment that the United Nations made a precondition for transferring authority.
An avid croquet player, he was a co-founder and past president of the Croquet Foundation of America, and is in the Croquet Hall of Fame.
Information is at the Stony Brook Foundation-Scholarship Fund from Paula Pelletier, Office of Institutional Studies, 428 Administration Building, SUNY, Stony Brook, 11794 (800-451-5866).
I'm just really thinking about are we going to execute and perform."
"She knew before I did that this was right," he said of his new wife.
JEANNETTE GALANIS was not worried freshman year when she started the process of borrowing $21,000 to attend the University of Colorado.
New Jersey officials notified the New York police that he might be in New York City.
Wednesday at 2 P.M. All performances are free.
After a decade in New York at Mount Sinai, he returned to Boston, where he held a variety of positions at Harvard, Tufts and Boston University.
But there is no mistaking the power of an image in which a man is repeatedly restrained by a group as he jumps into a stag leap and is yanked back by the ankle.
The agency is "scrambling for ways to save money," he added.
A19 WHITE HOUSE AIDE IMPLICATED An Arkansas banker has told Federal prosecutors that the deputy White House counsel told him to illegally conceal cash payments to Bill Clinton's 1990 campaign for governor, lawyers said.
When the man nods, Palmer says, in all seriousness, "So how many movies have you been in?"
President Clinton said he saw little basis for the dollar's weakness and said the markets would eventually respond to Administration efforts to cut the deficit.
"The Western tribes were generally given the opportunity to live on reservations as a unit and preserve their culture," said Ralph Sturges, the chief of the Mohegan Indians, a tribe in Connecticut that got Federal recognition in March.
"For three days after the earthquake I didn't sleep a wink, and then I got five hours' sleep, and then I haven't slept since," Mr. Hagisawa said as he drove a body to a temporary resting place in a school auditorium.
Travel service revenues rose 16 percent, lifted by increased business travel and acquisitions of other travel agencies.
The conservative National Action Party, which now controls 3 of the 31 states, said tonight that it hoped Mr. Chuayffet can make a greater effort to "instill confidence and renewed hope" toward reform.
Equitable Life is moving from Equitable Tower, its 10-year-old headquarters monument at Seventh Avenue and 51st Street, to 1290 Avenue of the Americas, a 34-year-old building at 51st Street.
Rarely have Balanchine's allegro qualities been channeled into such a superb fusion of speed and energy.
The attack, which wounded at least 22 people, came two days after the execution-style slaying of two Americans driving to work at the United States Consulate.
It needs, in other words, a gimmick, a mind-set that it falls back on in times of stress, the way New York City trots out the "pulled together" cliche when it has one of its mega-calamities.
In 1989 the Soviet Union and the United States exchanged information about each other's chemical weapons programs for the first time.
A shaken and sad Mr. Moynihan, the Democratic floor leader on debate over the bill, pleaded for order as the voting was under way, but a celebratory atmosphere took hold.
If Lewis Mumford were around today, he would no doubt crucify Koolhaas for glorifying a social pathology.
Marcia Horowitz, an executive vice president of Rubenstein Associates, a New York public relation firm, said, "Law firms are beginning to understand they need crisis communications programs, that 'no comment' doesn't work anymore."
Mr. Mas is a bulldog of a man whose explosive temper has plunged him into several lawsuits, including a libel case he lost to an estranged younger brother.
Many said they did not really believe there would be violence if there was a guilty verdict.
All these polls came when the Republicans were pushing to deregulate American society.
In addition to their son, James S. Baumann of Manhattan, Mrs. Baumann is survived by a sister, Susan Behrend of Philadelphia, and a brother, Fred Hirschhorn Jr. of Old Greenwich, Conn.
"To call for a return to nature is posturing," Mr. White writes, arguing against unnamed intellectual opponents who are, apparently, making that call.
But he had no kind words for the budget itself.
The snowplows couldn't get through."
The drugs are locked in a fierce advertising battle that Dr. Regan says has patients demanding one or the other.
The goal was his 12th goal of the playoffs, tops among all scorers.
Are there any Buddhist or Catholic retreats or any yoga or meditation camps on any of the islands?
All the work, including building the custom wood kitchen cabinets and furnishing the new oven, gas range and refrigerator, will cost $11,850, according to the signed estimate.
International investors, who have had a big role in the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges, have been intensely concerned about Japan's ailing stock market and financial system.
from the university in 1993 with highest honors and has now earned an M.A.
In a word, it was strictly Armani.
HUDSON VALLEY MIGRANT HEALTH won a $40,000 state grant for the program.
For artists applying, baseball knowledge is a major criterion.
Nets forward Derrick Coleman's left wrist is still store and he will miss the game.
No one planned it, and some people hope it will go away.
I'd walk there, and then go to the card store or bookstore.
Ronald C. Cannava, a spokesman for Queens College, says the school is anticipating a 10-percent budget cut for fiscal 1996, mostly through staff attrition.
She ended up spending $32,000, just for the supposed recovery, between September and December of last year.
REBOUNDS SCOTTY THURMAN, who helped Arkansas to the National Collegiate Athletic Association championship two years ago, was waived by the Nets.
And because Mr. Katz had matched Stone against Roger (the Stinger) Turner from Indianapolis, it was certain that a "Stone crowd" would be among the 1,500 spectators.
He doesn't want, or need, to manage in the beer leagues.
In that period, only 100 licenses were actually suspended.
But most services examined by reporters for The Times are financed by the city.
But word of the crack never reached the city agency that is responsible for insuring buildings' structural integrity.
In the legislative race, the Apoyo exit poll indicated that Mr. Fujimori's Change 90 party had won 46 percent of the 120 congressional seats and Mr. Perez de Cuellar's party, Union for Peru, 16 percent.
Now, even Gehrig's amazing record -- covering a 14-year span -- is in jeopardy.
His party opposes the right to secede and supports private ownership of land, the two biggest issues in this election.
Neither Mr. Burns nor Ken Bacon, a spokesman for the Pentagon who gave a separate briefing on the issue, said where their information came from.
TED L. GUNDERSON Santa Monica, Calif. Joe Sharkey replies: I have the same problems with Mr. Potter's letter that I had with his and Mr. Bost's book: questionable interpretations (for example, if poor, drug-addled Helena Stoeckley "confessed," it's debatable to what and to whom); a tone of breathless advocacy more suitable to talk-show discourse; and a failure to observe basic protocols of investigative journalism.
The classy 19th-century French sex farce by Feydeau is a genre that has never found a popular place in New York, though not for want of illustrious talents trying.
But Mr. Laubscher saw the narrow margin of advancing issues as a possible weakness for the market.
They wager, mostly at slots but also at some table games, anywhere from $200 to $4,000 a trip.
Mr. Brown said Mr. Vernon had taken $200 in cash to the store on the day of the attack and had asked the clerk if he could pay in advance for the boots he was ordering.
If you like Mr. D'Amato's brazenness, you'll like his book.
Finally, their potential top unit, the linebackers, is whole.
Despite the elaborate fuss of the security precautions, however, most residents had nothing but praise for the droves of officers they have encountered over the weeks of preparation.
"To be cute, it's a bold move to take a sizable brand like Bold and aim it at a whole different audience," he added.
According to the papers, some of the women said they were approached in Bangkok last summer and promised jobs in American restaurants paying large sums of money.
Also included is a $ 24,749,000 restructuring charge.
"He would pick out a little subtlety," said the sportscaster Marv Albert, who succeeded Mr. Glickman as the voice of the Knicks.
Cut off from intimacy, but craving it, too, he turns to boxing at a neighborhood gym.
Mr. Binkley was a pioneer in researching medieval performance practices and presenting authentic reconstructions of early liturgical music.
Rison has been regarded as one of the top receivers in the league during his six-year career, which included five seasons with the Falcons and one with the Indianapolis Colts.
There may be room for debate about such matters as the reliability of DNA analysis or the shrinkage of the glove found behind Mr. Simpson's house.
Platinum for July delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange slumped $9.10, to $441.30 an ounce.
Our love of gadgets, however, makes us see it as a delight.
With today's issue, the Times expands and reorganized its Saturday coverage of business news, including selected weekly weekly tables formerly unavailable until Sunday.
Urging a tax cut, Senator Rod Grams, Republican of Minnesota, aptly advised his peers to remember that Washington is "a city where the political promises of yesterday too often wind up lining the bottom of bird cages."
These are arguments that Mr. Brown has heard repeatedly over the last few weeks, and his response is almost rote.
Mr. Giuliani also announced the formation of an advisory panel to recommend changes to the Health and Hospitals Corporation, the independent agency that operates the public hospital system, in light of national trends in health care and the city's nagging financial problems.
Soon they found themselves in the Amster Yard quarters, at 213 East 49th Street between Second and Third Avenues -- a quick walk from McCann Worldwide, at 750 Third Avenue between 46th and 47th Streets.
With America's entry into World War II the Office of Strategic Services recruited him as chief of biographical records in its Division of Research and Analysis.
Knock off a few million (for numbers that can't be used, like 555) and there are still many times the number of numbers than households and businesses.
We were beginning to shiver and whimper when Larry said, "I hear geese close by!"
Certainly his favorite way of doing business is over a meal.
An asterisk indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
"On Jupiter" is directed by Richard Smith, who also directed the documentary "E.T.
The Raytheon Company said today that it had received a contract valued at more than $100 million to provide air traffic control equipment to the Royal Australian Air Force.
Eventually, Tony Jr. ate himself out of the job.
Recommended dishes from the current menu, which changes seasonally: chilled poached shrimp; Caesar salad; crab cakes with chili and red pepper sauce; orecchiette with broccoli rape and sausage; roast double rack of pork with cheddar cheese mashed potatoes; loin of venison; roast turkey with wild mushroom stuffing; grilled Chilean sea bass with mashed potatoes; banana split; cheesecake; creme brulee.
Plans are under way to close 5 small hospitals known as comprehensive health centers and 28 neighborhood clinics as of Oct. 1.
Russia was instrumental in dismantling the Soviet system as evidenced by its cooperation in withdrawing former Soviet military personnel from the former Warsaw Pact countries.
The strength of the activism by immigrants and business leaders was demonstrated last month when, on one day, about 300 immigrants went to Washington to lobby members of Congress against restricting the immigration of family members.
He'll be out at least six weeks.
"We give them the information with a rather limited purpose in mind," Mr. Ernst said.
Unity was symbolized by ballet's lingua franca -- the 350-year-old academic idiom that classical dancers learn everywhere.
"Mr. Clinton has persuaded John Major to give up the longstanding position that Northern Ireland was an internal British problem and that American intervention, a special American peace envoy, was unwelcome," said Paul Arthur, a political science professor at Ulster University in Belfast.
GTE has said that Unicom plans to invest $900 million in the next 10 years installing cable and other infrastructure.
Her father retired as a vice president of Traveler's Insurance in Worcester, Mass.
I wanted the village to control the pond.
Sadly, today a new class of people is being excluded.
"It's not just Taiwan, but the whole of Asia is developing so fast," said Li Chen-ching, director of cultural affairs for the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office, which serves as Taiwan's embassy in the United States.
I contacted Teacher Swap, which ignored my communications.
The elevator destined for the top floor doesn't have to pass the second; it goes there instantly.
31 Boxing: Pernell Whitaker's mysterious opponent.
"When a customer calls up, we can now find in five seconds the information it used to take five hours to get," said Jon Fossel, chairman of Oppenheimer Management.
Roughly 90 minutes later, prosecutors said, Mr. Lee and Mr. Wilkins approached 21-year-old Matthew Blek, a college student from California working a summer job in New York.
But the screenplay, credited to Peter Rader and David Twohy, is never concise enough for that.
ASSEMBLY: The two-year proposal by the Assembly Speaker encompasses personal income taxes, as well as sales and property taxes, for a cut of $2.3 billion a year by 1997.
BROOKLYN TEAM WINS: Boys and Girls High School of Brooklyn won four varsity events and took the boys' team title in the sixth annual Kings Relays at Downing Stadium on Randalls Island.
He said that after the Mexican Army stumbled into a violent confrontation with rebels in May 1993, he was relieved because he thought that the army would finally respond and that a full-scale uprising could be avoided.
Not Your Usual Gay Bar Gay Bar is not a new nightspot, it's a triangular chocolate bar, in semisweet or milk, stamped with the New York skyline and wrapped in pink foil.
Though Stuart Sklar, vice president for worldwide skin care at the Coty Group Worldwide in New York, would not discuss details of the new skin care line, Adweek reported that it was expected to compete with other mass-market brands including Plenitude, which is marketed by L'Oreal.
Tenneco Inc. said yesterday that it had raised $563.5 million from the sale of a 13 percent stake in the Case Corporation, reducing its interest in the farm- and construction-equipment company to 21 percent.
This year, he defeated three major opponents in the general election, a substantial accomplishment in a state where the Democrats outnumber Republicans about 3-to-2.
Clockwerx may be played against the computer or another human.
Marijuana use among eighth graders has more than doubled since 1991, the researchers said, citing 1994 Government statistics showing an overall increase in drug use among teen-agers.
He gives average rates for each country and a script of questions to ask when making reservations.
Our Administration should act independently of Germany and take an impartial stand by declaring the city of Banja Luka a protected enclave, like that of the Muslim-held Gorazde "safe area."
Pro-labor liberals and non-racist populists on the right should unite to demand an immigration policy that puts the interests of American workers above the interests of the native rich.
Carol Lynn Blum, a psychology student at New York University, was married on Thursday to Stephen H. Mackauf, a partner in Gair, Gair, Conason, Steigman & Mackauf, a New York law firm.
In Federal buildings on Capitol Hill this week, offices were exchanged and furniture dragged about in the traditional horse trading that comes with the flip-flop of minority and majority slots.
Nynex will charge competitors 5.64 cents per minute to offer the same phone service over Nynex's lines.
(She finally found them at Boyd's, a pharmacy at Madison Avenue and 60th Street.)
"The apartment feels stable," he said, "but the neighborhood feels very transitional, like we're just passing through."
Browsing the Web on an analog phone line (at about 9,600 bits a second, the most popular modem speed today) is the equivalent of changing the channel on your television and watching while the screen draws itself one line at a time.
It was 114 30/32, not 115 4/32.
"The music had a really mixed audience back then," he said.
Tangled in local politics and the peculiarities of their state's hospital system, New Jerseyans cast four of the six Republican votes against Speaker Newt Gingrich's Medicare plan, despite Mr. Gingrich's last-minute promise to help get more amendments favorable to the state and despite a lukewarm endorsement by a reluctant Gov.
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about a Justice Department investigation of pricing in the newsprint industry referred imprecisely to the price of paper.
They were sent to consumer panels handpicked by the research division in two cities.
Mr. Mariscal and other analysts said that the interest rates now offered by the Government, ranging from 20 to 50 percent, did not sufficiently outweigh the risk of further deterioration in the peso's value.
North Carolina is the nation's second-largest hog producer.
A Losing Impression Battling for the No.
And the keys to keeping the nanny happy seem to be a combination of wealth, good will, consideration, appreciation and financial planning.
Photos by Dick Arentz of wire-backed park chairs arranged in a sweeping spiral seem related to Mr. Wojcik's small constructions, and Tom Bamberger's large black-and-white image of the midway of a state fair suggest a theme of celebrations.
According to the guild, management's stance hardened in 1991, when the Newhouses' Advance Publications bought Hudson County's other daily, The Hudson Dispatch, and immediately closed it.
It costs about $40 a person with breakfast, $45 a person with breakfast an dinner for a minimum of three nights.
Just here we go, stop us."
In Ms. Moses's collection, however, the sheath clung to the body and revealed a peek-a-boo back clasped with a covered buckle.
The law also specifically prevents copyright owners from seeking statutory damages from users who thought they had chosen works that were in the public domain.
"The building shortfall, especially in multi-family construction, is a major constraint on population growth."
Once the two satellite stores were closed, the couple opened designer gift and stationery stores in two locations.
"That's the only way it's enforceable, at the ballot box," he said.
I can't wait for the follow-up, "I Don't Love Cats!"
The institute's accreditation was reduced to probational status after the details of Mr. Guha's death were made known by his father, Arun K. Guha of Maryland.
TPI, based in West Palm Beach, Fla., operates 188 Shoney's restaurants and 69 Captain D's Seafood restaurants.
That does not seem likely.
"Every week," Mr. Strickland said, "my wife and I wash and iron 20 shirts and blouses -- and I don't know how many pairs of white gloves -- on a washboard so that they are clean for Sundays.
But despite the danger of paralyzing political correctness here, "Pocahontas" delivers only the pleasantest of lectures and remains visually captivating through them all.
The significant additional findings and opinions by the Filipino doctors following their exhumation of Mrs. Maga's remains last month proved to be based upon misinterpretation of post-mortem artifacts.
Upwind, the boat's needle-like hull is apt to sacrifice speed because of instability.
"Some places we go everything looks the same," Mr. Maniere said.
Psychiatrists and psychologists who treat money disorders say the single overarching question that brings people in for help -- What should I do with my money?
Both Ms. Campbell and Dr. Vendley contrasted the charged atmosphere of Cairo with the urgent but cooperative mood of Copenhagen.
So if the lights flash, the bells ring and the barriers come down, be patient.
SHAWN: I'm done with Vanya, so I can come and see you immediately.
GALLERY OF SOUTH ORANGE "Displacement," a collage by Peter Jacobs, and "Home," a collage in mixed media by Valerie Sivilli, are on display.
The cases were caused by a less common form of meningococcal disease than those that cause most cases of meningitis and meningococcemia.
She replied, "She was an extraordinary woman, one of the few who had plays on Broadway."
WEDNESDAY California, $380 million of general obligation bonds.
Charlotte Morris, an Emmy Award-winning television producer and director for WNYW-TV, died on Sunday at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.
"I am glad that he was charged," said Julia Perez, 46, Mr. Almodovar's mother-in-law.
"At first, it was just his house," said Peter Halle, a great-nephew.
Right or wrong, many players thought what happened to Graham was highly unfair.
What began as a relatively minor incident -- police officers chasing a team of suspected pickpockets into a subway -- turned the homebound rush into a nightmare for thousands in midtown Manhattan late yesterday after a police officer accidently shot himself.
Emerging competitors in the game business gradually knocked Atari off its pedestal.
"Just because you want a velvet sofa doesn't mean it's right for the way you live."
SMOKE By Donald E. Westlake.
The dead youth, Javier Roundtree, was shot in the head after he stepped off a school bus on Monday.
Two months later, reporters from around the world gathered at Almost Heaven for an impromptu press conference, and Gritz played huckster.
As to the reward Viacom could reap from a successful seminar, it is tied to the $60 million of "contingent value rights" that Viacom issued to Paramount shareholders when it bought Paramount.
Apparently, Mr. Rose does nothing that is new: Armand Sabattier, a French scientist, discovered his "effect" in 1862, and abstraction from nature has a long history that includes stars like Minor White.
"All of these groups, if you put them in a bag and shook them out, you couldn't tell one from the other," said a Federal investigator who has long experience with these organizations.
What will it mean for the city's 1.1 million public schoolchildren?
In 1990, with the cold war ending, the Navy declassified Geosat gravity data below 60 degrees south latitude, mostly around the Antarctic seas.
Mr. Darden, the motorman of the rear train, has worked for the Transit Authority for six years and has been a train operator for three.
But he paid little attention, he acknowledged, rarely reading his own reports.
With Claude Lemieux leading the way, the Devils neutralized Boston's top players, pummeled a rookie goaltender and came away with a convincing 5-0 triumph today in the opening game of their playoff series against the Bruins.
As Mr. Campbell interpeted the vote today, there was no great national message, only a local result.
They cheered him again yesterday as he left the mound.
Robert Towers, a novelist and critic who taught several generations of students at Queens College and Columbia University, died on Tuesday at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
She was philosophical about what is perhaps the only art form that can be recycled as potpourri.
As such, the piece looks very "California."
The article also does not mention that Mr. Lynch is the vice chairman of the Fidelity Management and Research Company, a unit of the FMR Corporation.
Dr. Norman O. Smith, organist and music director.
Wearing a royal blue suit that was a shade or two brighter than the sapphire hue of the satin draperies and silk upholstery, First Lady Hillary Clinton opened the newly refurbished White House Blue Room to the press for the first time today, saying that the room with its straight-backed chairs and eagle motif was her new favorite.
"These people were of very modest means," said Eric M. Schmidt, the assistant regional director of the S.E.C.
They received a thick package containing applications for insurance, an operating manual, rule books, umpire's and coach's manuals and a constitution and bylaws.
The basket gave Stockton his 9,922d assist, putting him ahead of Magic Johnson.
Rates are $20 a day, calculated at 4.78 francs to the dollar, and $125 for two weeks.
Two weeks ago, when an army patrol cruised the Ipanema neighborhood, beachgoers booed.
There is always an oil check, just like one for a car, and a fuel check.
"We should have told them that the convoys would shoot their way through if they had to.
At the recent trial, there was testimony that three days before the shooting, Mr. Comerico had threatened to send three men on a boat to kill anyone on Mr. Miguel's boat, said Frank Lanzo, the Nassau County assistant district attorney who prosecuted the case.
Even so, the possibility of a disruption was enough to lift prices, traders said.
"That's the reason why the number of people who come to these shows is growing every time," Mr. Chauhan said.
Those subsidies were later partly restored.
Yet whether any former officials broke the law is not the only issue.
But Mr. Clinton's deputies labeled the complaint both mistaken and inappropriate.
Nevertheless, he says, "Everything you eat outside tastes better in some unexplainable way."
Dr. Pavlica has recently started conducting workshops in other districts.
Consumer-product stocks, which traditionally have stable earnings whatever the economic environment, were yesterday's standouts.
But they needed only 1 minute 24 seconds to score on a 49-yard touchdown pass from Johnston to tight end Lovett Purnell.
The Mexican Government's austere recovery plan of higher taxes, lower spending and strict controls on credit has restored some degree of investor confidence.
Melbourne Brindle, an artist and illustrator who designed a number of stamps and cards for the United States Postal Service, died on Sept. 19 at Indian River Memorial Hospital in Vero Beach, Fla.
He added, "But we'd expect many of our most popular packages to go down about 15 to 20 percent this summer."
When the Long Island force heads out, the accommodations will vary, along with the countries.
Last year 610 people were killed and more than 1,900 were injured in grade-crossing collisions, a toll that seems unacceptably high, especially when the hazards in places like Fox River Grove seem so obvious and easy to correct.
Joseph didn't even know the classic defensive backs' backpedal until Giunta took him in tow during mini-camp.
There was loud applause from the sellout crowd for Phillips, a junior suspended Sept. 10 for attacking a former girlfriend.
The CD-ROM Deluxe edition adds still more, including animation, sound and video that are only marginally useful.
Four versatile performers play multiple roles and execute choreography (by Shi-Zheng Chen) based on the vocabulary of t'ai chi ch'uan.
At the Galerie Nationale du Jeu de Paume, 1 Place de la Concorde, telephone 47.03.13.36, tickets are $7.50.
1995 Medieval Festival at Fort Tryon Park The Cloisters, Fort Tryon Park Washington Heights (212) 795-1600 Recommended for all ages Sunday When 7-year-old Kate Phillips went to the medieval festival last year, she was frightened by the joust.
The final vote to admit girls was close: 27 to 20.
Her mother is a psychologist in Montclair, N.J. Mr. Chapin, 31, received an M.B.A. from Fordham University.
The performers often held objects as they moved, including candles, tambourines, scarves and artificial flowers that appeared to be made of gold.
BRADY, Woodrow, 41, Oklahoma City.
Even though I didn't know any of the other women at the beginning, before it was over we had shared our deepest thoughts.
Anatoly Shabad, a member of the Russian Parliament and a liberal democrat who just returned from Samashki, said Russian military abuses there were inexcusable.
B9 Golf: "We're ready," says the United States Ryder Cup captain.
Last year, he played just 29 games for the San Francisco Giants, hitting .239 with 4 home runs.
The Court accepted an appeal by a woman in Detroit who was the co-owner with her husband of a car that the Wayne County, Mich., prosecutor's office seized in 1988 under a state nuisance law.
The police said the attacker lured Ms. Lasure from Chelsea, where she had been working, to the St. Mark's Hotel in the East Village, where she was raped and strangled, her body left lying face down on a bed.
go back to 1981, when Big Blue chose the fledgling company to supply the operating system for its personal computers.
The self-guided tour starts at the Leeds Hose Company No.
Notre Dame's Ron Powlus, whose limitations as an option quarterback have led to speculation that Holtz's system had been a poor choice, said he recently went to the coach to ask to run more option plays.
In fact, stripped of stage business and guided by Mr. Sawallisch's obvious love for this music, the overlapping and interacting musical genres became expressions of a single temperament.
Mr. Scarpa, 43, who is already serving 20 years for racketeering, has been accused by Federal prosecutors of being a Colombo captain and the leader of a crew of 13 members of the crime family since 1980.
Some experts believe inferences can usefully be drawn from trackways, nests and other evidence about the appearance and behavior of dinosaurs.
Box 37243, Washington, D.C., 20013.
In the latest of a recent spate of sex cases involving security officers in New York City public schools, a guard was arrested on charges that he raped a 15-year-old girl more than two years ago.
When Ms. Smith's account became empty, the suspects fed empty bank envelopes into the automated tellers and punched in bogus deposit amounts totaling $820,500.
This summer, Federal agencies were embarrassed by reports that officers attended a "Good Ol' Boys Roundup," an annual conclave in Tennessee where racist signs have been displayed.
"The United States Attorney's office is now operating as a handmaiden to the drug dealers of the Upper West Side of Manhattan," Mr. Lysaght said.
For Martin, which is owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, the important issue is the quality of service.
Now Sumitomo seems to be turning a new page, at least bringing itself into line with banks in the rest of the modern world.
Ms. Gilinsky was then making a documentary film about the disturbances, and her outrage, she said, became the seeds for the organization.
The economic price of the arms race -- recently placed at $3.9 trillion -- and its environmental impact are well known, but other costs are just as significant.
San Diego Gas buys 59 percent of its electricity from suppliers, and customers already pay rates 30 percent higher than the national average.
Monday through Friday, 9 A.M. to 4 P.M.
A kid at school says he knows all about Denny's father, and "So what?"
During the day, the devastated city works busily on clearing the rubble of a year of war.
She then entered dummy with a spade lead to the ten and played a club.
I say, 'No, I'm Chinese and these are vegetables.'
"When an alarm rings, we sometimes hope it will be a false alarm," said Mayor Rice at a news conference.
Why do New Jersey officials need two decades to build a simple light-rail line when Baltimore, St. Louis and San Diego managed to do it in three years?
They want something that will break through suburban complacency because they don't feel satisfied.
The last perfect game in the majors was by Kenny Rogers of Texas against the California Angels on July 28, 1994, a 4-0 victory.
And these movies depict a world in which Satan rules, sometimes with harmless wit and sometimes to our horror.
We ought to approach it in the same spirit of openness and civility which we felt when the Speaker and I talked in New Hampshire last Sunday.
Because Mr. Musil, before his death in 1942, had chased Mr. Knopf around Europe trying to get him to publish the work, "it is also a wonderful act of restitution," she added.
The dollar rallied after the Conference Board said consumer confidence increased this month.
"Even with the higher cost of money, it's an up economy."
A Blue Cross-Wellpoint merger with Health Systems International could lead to a decrease in competition with the potential of restricting choice and access to health care.
Many airlines immediately followed, but others did not, and the new system crumbled.
Click on "Craig McCaw" and you get a photo and biography courtesy of AT&T Wireless Communications.
The skating rite of passage is "sessioning" -- a practice where a pack of skaters travel from location to location using various bits of the urban landscape to hone their skills.
When you're doing it right, it feels as if the energy is going in two different directions at once.
An important one comes tonight.
Nablus was turned over on Dec. 11.
Mr. Lugar seems to recognize that and has recently sought to raise his domestic profile.
Mr. Pope, echoing the feelings of many people in this small town where common sense carries more weight than textbook sociology, questioned that theory.
"500 Great Rail-Trails" is the most recent version of a guide published by the Rails-to-Trails Conservancy, a nonprofit group working to help turn railroad beds into lanes for walking, running, biking, wheelchair use, snowmobiling, cross-country skiing and the like.
They said, 'Your contract expires in March.'
Items included cumulative pretax charge of $ 19,836,000 from amortization of the company's deferred marketing balance; and a pretax charge of $ 7,574,000 from selling and promotion spending ''below the amortization that would have been expenses in accordance with the company's previous accounting policy.
We'd used one and then Mark Jackson went skipping along the baseline and took another one we didn't want."
"And that's not what this administration is all about.
Binge drinkers are not only more susceptible to alcohol-related medical problems but also report high percentages of injuries and unplanned sexual encounters.
Add the elder flower concentrate and mix in thoroughly.
But many of the 35, including Harry Reid of Nevada, Carl Levin of Michigan and Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland, said today that they would vote against the final version.
Either the guys are not as bold or crime is actually dropping."
or, in dire cases, "Boum!"
Mr. Moore said the coalition would argue that the nuclear schools belong in Connecticut instead of South Carolina because many graduates of the submarine school in Groton go on to attend the nuclear schools, and it would make more sense for them to be on the same site.
Higher feed prices can initially drive meat prices down as animals that become too expensive to feed are killed, adding to supplies.
As for the check on Gretzky, Kasparaitis said: "I hit everybody.
But now, Mr. Wattenberg adds, Mr. Clinton intends to recapture his moderate philosophy.
I want to talk to people who have first-hand knowledge, instead of politicians who have presumptive knowledge."
Paul Reis, an analyst at Morningstar, is similarly perplexed.
In the case of "Informed Consent," Dow Corning officials say that Mr. Swanson, the former executive whose story is the basis for the book, was a disgruntled employee who asked if the company wanted to buy the rights to his unpublished story.
The game was over, the intimidation wasn't.
Many Algerians appear to have disconnected, opting instead for what Mina said was most Algerians' response to turmoil: to carry on with their lives.
I stopped going to bris."
To become bandwidth providers, cable operators are replacing chunks of their traditional networks with a design called "hybrid fiber co-ax" -- breaking each region into 500- to 2,000-home "nodes," each joined to the head-end by high bandwidth fiber optic cable, and connected to the home by co-ax.
It's a crummy way to end a good year.
Instead, he proceeded as though he had no clear game plan.
The new state funds will be used to open counseling offices in southeastern Connecticut, Mr. Nikolla said.
He is also -- to complicate matters somewhat -- the father of one of the more prominent openly gay men in Government.
He ended with Faure's nine songs "La Bonne Chanson."
The Speaker of the House describes his solutions to the country's problems.
The first semifinal matched Arizona's speed, defense and experience against Michigan's youth and bulk.
Both moves should be completed by the end of the year, SCOR said.
So, is Mr. Balducci worried that he will be given a run for his radicchio?
More broadly, the House wants to allot about $9.5 billion more to the military's budget for the 1996 fiscal year than does the Senate, which has adopted the Clinton Administration's request of $258 billion.
Mr. Palash attributed the afternoon pickup in bond prices to some short-covering that started when the Redbook report showed retail sales up 3.9 percent, below market rumors of a 5 percent gain.
His margin was just 12 seconds over the surprising Bjarne Riis, who led Indurain by 5 seconds with 5 kilometers (3 miles) to go.
"The economy is not slipping into recession as some had feared," said Brian J. Fabbri, chief economist for North America at Paribas Capital Markets.
Papp died in 1991, and at this time of crisis his pit-bull defense of public culture is conspicuously missed.
But the more immediate problem for Cranmer is that Pettifer has recently run off with the entrancing young Emma, and Cranmer doesn't know where the two of them are.
Mr. Nussbaum rushed back to his office, called other colleagues from the counsel's office and looked for a suicide note.
It is about "life, art, illusion, reality and repartee -- I pride myself on my repartee and my badinage -- and the promise of ambiguity," the playwright, Peter Sagal, said.
His $40,000 fee for the party did not include the eggnog.
Could the prayer apply to Jews with an opposing political view, like Mr. Rabin or Mr. Foxman?
Hungarian culture is best known for music -- Franz Liszt, of course, and Bela Bartok and Zoltan Kodaly -- but it spawned an even greater number of important and influential photographers.
A9 Bosnian forces attacked Serb-held areas outside Sarajevo.
Morningstar calculates the beta after deducting the T-bill rate from the returns of the fund and the index and comparing those adjusted returns.
January light sweet crude oil rose 20 cents, to $18.63 a barrel, and January unleaded gasoline rose 0.54 cent, to 53.56 cents a gallon.
"If Dole gets the budget through, he's done the impossible, turned the country around" and assured conservatives "who were not sure that he has the right stuff."
The company said it planned to integrate the operations into existing plants in Minnesota and Georgia.
"I was drinking a beer in a pub and said to a friend, 'What we really need here is a microbrewery,' " David K. Haines, a native of Colorado, recalled.
He made his first three shots of the second half; two long-range jumpers and a dunk laced with unmistakable flair.
He was asking me to think about the fact that Jesus was able not only to hold it -- and probably for several days -- but also to evict the money changers, attesting to the fact that he must have had a large following, especially among the ordinary Jews who did not have time to study the sacred texts, to whom he offered a more direct access to the sacred.
The 10-year-old organization long ago outgrew its kitchen at Amsterdam Avenue and 103d Street.
"Don't let anyone let you get your agenda tangled up in sexual politics," he said.
Still, it is difficult to visit either place without thinking of Fort Apache.
Vietnam at least has 90 million people in a terrific neighborhood, a place where everyone wants a plant."
During the early 90's, many co-ops have reached work-out agreements that reduced their debt.
His objective is to raise that student population from the current 19 percent to about 25 percent.
Instead, he has been very visible in his embrace of a project that began under the Cuomo administration.
That could mean that ultimately wrinkles in the terms of the deal could affect the $30-a-share price that is being discussed.
Ed Chigliak (Darren E. Burrows), a local movie nut, dreamed of being Steven Spielberg or maybe even Fellini.
The diagramed example by Bobby Wolff will appear next month.
The U.S. is also seeking better access to Japan's huge market for replacement auto parts, which has been largely closed to foreigners through Japanese regulations, customs codes and cartels.
Keener, who was visiting New York with her husband, Dermot Mulroney, read Mr. DiCillo's script and loved it.
I've got a job to do on a daily basis."
"I see no need to do that and continue carrying that type of flag.
"It's a tell-all book," she said.
This includes all the Itoman loans still on Sumitomo's books.
The youngest of three sons to whom Herman Shall taught the traditional Japanese art form, Michael Shall learned to create complicated objects like a dinosaur and a mother pushing a stroller, all fashioned from a single piece of paper.
The red-brick sidewalk pavers skew just enough to make them seem if they were laid a hundred years ago.
In a meeting with reporters today, Mr. Gephardt was reluctant to defend the notion that poor people were entitled to welfare or any other Government benefits.
(Review: 11/12/93) Summaries of reviews use the star system; others are culled from articles (indicated by +), the $25 and Under column (++) and Diner's Journal (
They tolerate a low wage because they are desperate for work.
One is the desire to pig out on sweet or fat foods.
CANCER -- In 1981, coffee aficionados were momentarily dismayed by a report from Harvard researchers linking coffee (with and without caffeine) to pancreatic cancer, a disease with a very poor prognosis.
The Bosnian Serbs agreed this evening to abide by the peace accord reached in Dayton, Ohio, removing an obstacle to sending American troops to help enforce the peace.
"Herbal Essences," on Tuesday, will show how herbs were used for everything from insect control and medicine to tea and potpourri.
The children attend day camp during the summer and divide their time between their parents.
As Belle's blow showed, three-run home runs do not guarantee victory; the record for recipients has been 27 victories and 9 defeats.
Since Jan. 1, the Dow Jones industrial average has risen 2.4 percent, the Standard & Poor's 500 index has gained 2.2 percent and the Nasdaq composite index has increased 2.7 percent.
Air Canada, which is based in Montreal, said it would record a third-quarter gain of $43.3 million on the sale.
Upon his retirement in 1968, he became a professor of public health at Pittsburgh and was appointed dean in 1981, a post he held until he retired in 1985.
The Olympic medal-winning diver Yelena Mirochina was found dead outside her Moscow apartment, the police said today.
Natural-Gas Futures at Record Natural-gas futures prices surged to a record as cold-weather forecasts threw traders into a panic over supplies.
The Blue Devils, whose national championship in 1986 was the first for any sport at Duke, will clash in Sunday's championship game with Wisconsin, a 1-0 winner over Portland in today's other semifinal, played before a crowd of 21,319, the largest since the tournament's inception in 1959.
Republic was chosen to begin a review of the bank's finances in preference to bidders like Dime Bancorp and the First Empire State Corporation, the person familiar with the bidding said.
In 1961, he introduced a new technique to catheterize the left ventricle of the heart for better diagnosis of heart-valve diseases.
In our membership we have former teachers, corporate executives and publishers and people from other professions who help us put together a variety of courses in literature, art, history, science, music and public affairs."
A few doors away, Mark Rosato, owner of the Top Shelf Pub, a 2,000-square-foot restaurant that opened last week, said he would not have signed a lease if not for the new mall.
It did so until Limbert's death in 1923.
"The operating assumption has always been if you build the housing, the retail will come," she said.
Tandy, which is based in Fort Worth, will take an $86 million charge against earnings for costs related to the closings.
He continued to harvest scallops in Shinnecock Bay at the end of last month, although the supply was nowhere near what it had been in October.
Patrick Egan, an Irish laborer from County Galway, opened an account at the Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank in lower Manhattan on the night of Sept. 30, 1850, when the bank first opened for business.
With gambling in Indian-run casinos now a $27-billion-a-year business, the case, Seminole Tribe v. Florida, No.
Other children were left to fend for themselves, one program official said.
Now it's a normal long-range shot.
Then, prosecutors reversed field on a second, nocturnal jury visit to the crime scene.
"What do you do if you're really counting on that money?"
All that remains of the plain is 19 acres on the Nassau Community College campus.
It wasn't entirely a success story: the Lanahans' marriage did not survive, and Scottie was to marry and divorce a second time.
He is worthy as an outstanding player and a gentleman.
5 5 62 MIDNIGHT IN THE GARDEN OF GOOD AND EVIL, by John Berendt.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they expected the M.T.A.
Only a three-hour audition stood between the children and roles like the Mad Hatter, the March Hare and Alice herself.
"It relocates these establishments into the outer boroughs from Manhattan.
There is quite a bit of heartbreak among New York City's independent booksellers these days.
A fountain was installed in the lobby; the door is guarded 24 hours a day, and four security cameras monitor the pristine halls.
I need to be in the hospital desperately, but because of the smoking thing I haven't been able to do it."
"We wanted to be friendly to the environment," said Brian P. McDonald, Cigna's assistant director of assets management, "and we didn't want to be wasteful."
He was Peter F. Vallone, the New York City Council Speaker.
As good, and less expensive, is an Australian shiraz-cabernet sauvignon blend for $17.
"Nynex's costs have tended to be higher than their competitors."
That deployment is not justified by any existing threat to our nation's security, and it would divert billions of scarce defense dollars and other resources from more pressing needs, particularly in the area of theater missile defense.
"I've been overruling Dr. Zubov for about four weeks," Campbell said.
It showcases the impressive collection of the Hellenic Literary and Historical Archives Society.
Excluding the gain, loss per share was 10 cents.
The Belgian cities of Ghent and Bruges were flooded, and all shipping in Bruges, which is laced with canals, was suspended.
The main argument in favor of the idea that Cook was taken for a god turns on the coincidence between his two ships' appearance off the coast of Hawaii in December 1778 and important features of Hawaiian religious belief.
Mr. Morvillo said the firm decided more recently to register with the S.E.C.
A driving floater in the lane by Hubert Davis gave the Knicks a 94-90 lead with 3:59 left.
1 on both lists, we'll be really happy."
An 80-year-old woman was found bludgeoned to death in her town house in a historic section of Bedford-Stuyvesant, the police said.
He is to begin a three-day trip to Texas and California on April 7.
The swift advance has understandably alarmed leading authorities on ethics and medicine.
Their party loyalty is weak.
In the 70th Precinct, which covers Flatbush and Kensington in Brooklyn, there were 44 murders the first 49 weeks of 1993.
The buying group includes the Marcus Cable Company, which has about 580,000 subscribers in Wisconsin, Texas, Alabama, Delaware and Maryland.
"It's changed so much that I don't recognize any of it," he said, as he was driven through the capital.
The conflict began last spring over a popular fantasy trading-card game called Magic: The Gathering.
We are confident that Leon Lett and Clayton Holmes will be able to overcome this setback in a positive way, and we extend our complete support to both of them," the Cowboys' owner, Jerry Jones, said in a statement.
And in a Port St. Lucie, Fla., hotel, replacements complained about waiting three hours to meet with General Manager Joe McIlvaine to find out their fate.
Her picture was on the front pages of several newspapers.
He had solo exhibitions at the Dayton Art Institute in Ohio; the Betty Parsons Gallery in New York City and the Newport Art Museum in Rhode Island.
Battling to rid herself of the literal and figurative cancers within her, this guilt-ridden woman embarks reluctantly on a journey as perilous as those undertaken by lobsters when they swim out to a reef, shuck off their old shells and wait for a new self to form.
The tension is that palpable.
In Mr. Rohmer's film, the intelligent, well-educated 10-year-old daughters of the Mayor and the schoolteacher are given their say, and their opinions are informed and carry weight.
That will be particularly true if the White House and Congress manage to agree on a plan to eliminate the budget deficit over the next several years.
Then the camera pulls back.
One of the things he learned today was that Governor Merrill was not ready to endorse any Presidential contender.
"Since December, all we have known is death -- by killing, by famine, or by cholera," said Sister Lois E. Macauley, the nurse who runs the 176-bed Government hospital in Kenema.
Although he was hampered by a badly pulled muscle in his abdomen, Bonner thought he could have helped the Knicks beat the Houston Rockets.
This has been five years.
Here, then, are four gifted, intelligent, self-sufficient women creating work, in very distinctive styles, that richly deserves widespread recognition and appreciation.
The prognosis for their survival looked grim until two Helena, Mont.,-based preservationists, Kathie Larson Phillips and her husband, E. Wayne Phillips, volunteered to start a fund-raising effort that may have national repercussions for the protection of rustic architecture on public land.
"This was simply a communication between a subsidiary and a parent company," the lawyer said, adding that L'Oreal has bigger cosmetics operations in Israel than any other company.
to the edge of oblivion this week, it was the perfect moment to remind audiences of Papp's old dream.
"He helps me a lot," she said, zipping off a list.
Absent truly compelling reasons, people are entitled to private conversations, whether those conversations are conducted across town or across the globe.
Though the temperature was a modest 27 degrees, my bare head and neck quickly felt numb.
MCI has mounted an expensive television advertising campaign to promote its New Friends and Family program, while AT&T has aggressively promoted its own program, called True Voice.
The drop in tax revenues is particularly troubling because it comes after a highly successful effort in recent years to crack down on tax cheats and despite increases in the value-added tax (from 18 percent to 21 percent) and in personal wealth taxes.
Labatt says holders of roughly 16 percent of its shares are owned either directly or beneficially by United States residents.
Place the bacon, parsley salad, roasted garlic and the Parmesan in separate bowls.
His body-hugging shirt has become a djellaba with tiny Gucci G's to hold the deep plunge shut.
Dr. Nelkin of New York University argues that it is not a coincidence that society's current fixation on genetics comes at a time of social retrenchment.
A commuter train traveling at high speed rammed a passenger train in early morning fog near Cairo today, killing at least 75 people in Egypt's worst rail accident in more than 15 years.
B. Jorissen; music by Julian Dylan Russell, Sunny McHale Skyedancer and Linda and the Family Values; released by Zeitgeist Films.
To offset Mrs. Clarke's dominant campaign theme that she was better connected to Baltimore's neighborhoods and to insure that Mr. Schmoke not become the first black mayor of a major black-majority city to be defeated by a white challenger, the Mayor's campaign staff turned to unconventional -- some would say outdated -- campaign tactics.
Steinbrenner and Jerry McMorris, the Rockies' owner, will attend the owner's meeting in Chicago Sunday afternoon that might finally sort things out regarding the 1995 season.
"It would not shock me if somewhere, either in Europe or in the U.S., financial institutions were taking sizable hits," said Rebekah Helzel, a trader at BA Securities.
China's restrictive actions here will damage its prospects for being selected as host for major international events in the future, including Olympic events, the Western official said.
This reverse has been rooted in the decision of President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia to lend only limited support to his brothers west of the Drina River in Croatia and Bosnia.
The award, which carries a $150,000 prize, is presented annually by the University of Louisville.
"God should be so generous every 12 months," said John Fitzgibbon Jr., editor of the IPO Aftermarket.
But the wrong man is accidentally murdered.
They were hoping Edney's shot had been a fraction late, but Edney knew the basket counted for one and only one reason: His ears were still ringing.
A1 RWANDA AID IN QUESTION The killing of 2,000 Hutu by Rwandan troops is a major setback to efforts to bring international aid to that African nation.
(There is even a long chapter in defense of bigotry.)
He is, his son says, "somewhat frail."
The hearings exonerated the radio agency from being unduly provocative.
The two tankers that did arrive further dampened an already smoking landscape on Saturday, and doused two flare-ups along the Sunrise Highway yesterday, so "Better late than never" seems appropriate.
"How would a practicing Christian in a class with something like 80 percent Muslims feel if the majority suddenly decided to hang a verse from the Koran on the wall?"
I am still in awe of Emanuel Ax's splendid and rock-solid performances of both Brahms concertos, two frightening and backbreaking works, which Mr.
An official said that the deal with Continental would be worth a little more than $2 million annually, including $1 million in airline tickets that the sports authority would in turn likely sell to the travel industry.
It was the head counselor who quickly helped locate Peter the puppet.
But when he does, he first brushes his Lady Luck.
Since then, Congress and the courts have for the most part upheld the principles of affirmative action and its expanded application.
In terms of race, it puts Negro characters on stage whom one rarely sees there: characters one can use words like "high-strung," "high-handed" and "manipulatively feminine" to describe.
Dr. Markowitz said that in studies of cells taken from cancers occurring on the right side of the colon, researchers found that there was a reduced presence of the RII receptor.
An article yesterday about a dispute over expelling a member of the American Civil Liberties Union misstated the year Dr. Alan Bell was censured by the group's New Jersey chapter.
And then, in what he called the hardest decision he had ever made, he reversed himself last night.
Baseball American League BOSTON RED SOX -- Announced Chris James, outfielder, has announced he is a free agent rather than accept a minor league assignment.
Joseph Labarck Sr. and Raymond Labarck, former leaders of Local 1733 of the textile workers union, were sentenced yesterday in Federal District Court.
Bradley, who has not won a tournament in three years on the PGA Tour, joins an elite list of 18 golfers who have shot 63 in a major.
A12 CLINTON DEFENDS NOMINEE President Clinton offered an impassioned defense of his choice to become Surgeon General, charging that Republican-led opposition was motivated solely by politics.
In Sarajevo, a road that leads to central Bosnia remained closed far past the scheduled opening time.
We're having breakfast at the Parker Meridien in New York, where Paramount Pictures has put her up.
And the independent company Digital Domain, which did some sequences for "Apollo 13," is trying to chip away at Industrial Light and Magic's lead in the market.
"He couldn't take all the aggravation," Ms. Bernstein said.
Edison is a very modest investment for the Sprout Group, the venture capital affiliate of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, which since its inception in 1969 has raised or has under management a billion dollars.
But the House bill would also require that the losing party pay the prevailing party's legal costs in certain circumstances.
Most people are afraid to go into these buildings."
However detailed and carefully drafted the agreement, to succeed it required both Israelis and Palestinians to shed hatreds and stereotypes inculcated through generations and to accept that they were bound to live separately but cooperatively.
Ms. Eisenberg does the medical reporting and updating.
The radiotelescopes were able to focus on details 1,000 times fainter than anything seen by optical telescopes.
Charles M. Harper, RJR Nabisco's chairman, has said divesting the food business would be "imprudent" and "irresponsible" before 1997 or 1998, given the company's commitments to bondholders and the threat of tobacco-liability lawsuits.
But here, as nationally, the old industries are contracting.
Orange County was hooked on that pool."
Under the daggerlike Gothic spires and within the nicotine-yellow walls of Westminster, connected by a single hidden door to the House of Commons, lies a warren of corridors, three bars, an open-air terrace and a two-chambered cafeteria of plush seats and quiet corners.
A Chilean farmer who can cut water use by less than a third on about 80 acres can earn up to $10,000 in extra income without reducing crop yields.
The head of the Russian space agency, Yuri Koptev, has repeatedly warned politicians in Moscow that without major new financing, the space program will have to stop completely.
He will feel "tight, in turmoil" until a game is won or lost, but, afterward, not feel particularly better or worse; more important to him is the feeling that "there is always tomorrow because baseball is forever."
Burnett handles the McDonald's account in 18 other markets.
AST's anticipated decline comes amid revenue growth of more than 20 percent for personal computer makers.
"It would be unfair to release any information, including their names, at this time, until the process can be completed," said a spokeswoman, Gina Vild.
The gunman was guided to a freight elevator, which he took to the ground floor before fleeing the building onto West 25th Street, Captain O'Neill said.
Bally's Park Place Boardwalk and Park Place.
But in recent months, he had begun to be overshadowed by his younger brother, Evan.
John Adams, a 31-year-old auto sales manager whose father and grandfather both did, said: "It's time to let it go and move on.
But Mr. Georgian contended in his memorandum, a copy of which he gave to The New York Times, that over the last two years he had witnessed the manipulation of New York's water quality data "because several senior-level managers in the Department of Environmental Protection fear public awareness of any quality problems in the city's drinking water distribution system."
Newly unearthed mass graves salted around the former Soviet Union contain more bodies of Stalin's victims than the total estimates for victims advanced by certain revisionist historians.
Adelphi University is a commuter college on Long Island whose reputation and fiscal standing have declined alarmingly.
Dr. Kevorkian is obstinate because "he hates authority figures," said Geoffrey Feiger, his lawyer.
As a reader, though, you might wish Mr. Banks weren't so enamored of the romance of death and self-destruction.
Dr. Paul Butler, a researcher at the University of California at Berkeley, who worked with Dr. Marcy on the confirming observations, said: "We don't know what the object's made of.
93 School Road West, Marlboro.
Not every school district's population can afford rugs that sell from $250 to $6,000.
But he also received his share of criticism for his management of an agency that seemed to need a baby sitter almost 24 hours a day.
As he talked, I thought about the look of astonishment that had crossed the face of Maria Julia Hernandez, the director of the human rights office of the Catholic Archdiocese of San Salvador, when I showed her statements from the Gap insisting that "the Mandarin factory treats its workers well and meets our standards of fairness and decency."
Mr. Chretien also wants to give Quebec a veto over future constitutional changes affecting the province and to speed the decentralization of other powers to all provinces, including greater authority over immigration, job training and higher education.
In the past, the Mayor and the Chancellor have clashed publicly over the amount of cuts they each believed the school system could weather.
That helps explain why Mr. Dole repeated the word values nine times in the speech today.
"I'm getting an increase in calls from people whose wells have gone to intermittent.
"Some people it didn't affect, some people it did," receiver Mike Sherrard said of Reeves's conflict with management.
A widow who sued I.B.M.
The acquisition, Netscape's first, is expected to close by Jan. 31.
"Oh yeah, they make me feel frail," she said.
He said the Federal Government had a responsibility to insure proper use of Federal money for national purposes like child nutrition.
Not wanting to seem impolite, he studied the beaming Marilyn before commenting.
"It is difficult to organize all the different funds' information so it is both coherent and in a standard format," said Robert Plaze, an assistant director in the Securities and Exchange Commission's mutual fund division.
He expects to make a final decision after visiting with the owner Jerry Colangelo -- who doesn't think he can talk Barkley out of it -- but that meeting will not occur tonight.
"It's a marketing tool," said H. Perry Boyle, an analyst for Alex.
"I see substantial change in the tone of the board.
Opponents maintained that grantees are already prohibited from using Federal money to lobby and that their constitutional rights would be abridged if they were restricted in how they could spend their money.
Jimmy Carson found himself with the puck behind the goal to the left of Brodeur and put it in front to Robert Kron, who banked it into the goal before the Devils had a chance to turn around.
From the beginning, this should be an all-American, all-color, all-religions struggle against this embodiment of hatred.
The reception "Faust" receives tonight will probably determine whether the production eventually comes to New York.
significantly reduced the brain injury resulting from strokes if given quickly, but only when reserved for carefully selected patients, probably one-half to three-quarters of all stroke victims.
They resembled apes more than even anamensis does, showing primitive qualities that might be expected of creatures more than five million years old.
To the Editor: In "Mr. Clinton Bows to Farmers" (editorial, April 28), you imply that family farmers are well off financially; you lump family farmers in with agribusiness.
The two recalcitrant networks attributed their decision to the short notice the White House had given, and to a determination they had made that this particular news conference wasn't likely to produce any, well, news.
Their annual salaries ranged from $15,571 to $43,381.
Bruce Ratner, Forest City's chief, says he wants to round out the site with a national retailer, a supper club and various restaurants, several of which could meld entertainment and food.
"It's the only time New Yorkers will be able to see it."
The answer: You're already in, whether you smoke or you've quit.
Felix Arocho of the Pregones Theater, which is sponsoring the company's performance, said, "It's festive and rhythmic and melodic."
In those days, the party clubhouse was the center of politics: it bought loyalty with coal in the winter, baskets at the holidays, and, sometimes, patronage jobs.
An article on Jan. 29 about a San Francisco hospital's adjustment to the new era of managed care drew a range of letters, most from physicians, citing the moral difficulties, both for individual doctors and for American society, of keeping an eye on the bottom line when a suffering patient awaits help.
At least Mr. Newton displays a semblance of humor, however warped, by dressing women who can't walk in shoes they can't walk in.
Indeed, there has been a growing concern in dentistry that some children are getting too much fluoride, resulting in a harmless mottling of permanent teeth called dental fluorosis.
RIVERRUN GALLERY "Face -- Feelings," 40 works in oil, watercolor and mixed media by Edward Adams.
Singles Who Prefer the Suburbs Suburbs were not designed for single people.
They do not provide definitive answers or resolutions.
To the Editor: Now that the Postal Service has issued stamps honoring Elvis Presley and Marilyn Monroe, perhaps it is time for stamps in recognition of contributions of American scientists, mathematicians and engineers.
Indeed, the court is something of a landmark -- the first aluminum paddle court ever built when it was constructed in 1956.
"There is so much going on in this community.
"The fetal demise has already occurred, and most of these fetuses have severe abnormalities and were never healthy to start with."
His trainer, who spent six years as a pharmacist at Fourth and Wilshire in Santa Monica, has never raced a horse outside California.
The breeders also are working to increase financing for the Thoroughbred Breeding and Development Fund, to make it more attractive to breed New York thoroughbreds, and working with the New York Racing Association to increase attendance.
charges that he had misled investors.
Charity may indeed begin at home, but these days it may also be found bicycling, walking, hopping or marching down the street.
The prospect of his return throws dirt on a baseball season that effectively has buried itself and energizes a National Basketball Association season that had hit a flat spot.
Mr. Listyev was not the first journalist killed in Russia.
His salary this year is $547,500.
In response, many tour operators are offering short packages departing from Finland (and sometimes from the United States).
"I was more enticed by shooting 3's instead of being aggressive.
Twelve images in one section of the display are of flowers, birds, insects and other small natural species.
6 Normandy Heights Road, Morristown.
"My first was in Brentwood," she said.
As of Sunday, the team had played three games, traveled 6,000 miles and been in nine airports.
But unlike the four-wheel-drive systems on most sport utility vehicles, Audi's full-time system makes everyone a better driver on high-speed turns or rain-slicked roads by automatically feeding the most power to the wheels least likely to lose their grip.
Attendance is about what it was when he arrived, and sometimes higher.
What was missing was a goal.
Gennaro Prisinzano, 49, the former president of the PAS&G Rapid Unloading Company, was arrested across the street from the market in lower Manhattan.
A8 SPY STORE CHAIN INDICTED A chain of spy shops and three of its executives were indicted on charges of smuggling illegal bugging and wiretapping devices into the country and selling them.
agents asserted that the kidnapping of the two women in Brooklyn was related to abduction of the immigrant who was left injured near the Grand Central Parkway.
Texas-Louisiana League CORPUS CHRISTI BARRACUDAS -- Sold the contract of Tony Mack, pitcher, to the California Angels.
But then, I'm no spring chicken myself.
Volume was heavy, with 411.3 million shares changing hands, compared with 363.6 million shares on Tuesday and the three-month daily average of 340 million shares.
ZIMMERLI ART MUSEUM "Visions of the Modern Japanese Woman: Shiseido Cosmetics, 1872-1995," a selection of illustrations, photographs and package designs by the Shiseido Company since the end of the 19th century.
Her masters thesis became a novel -- "Breath, Eyes, Memory," published by Soho Press, and then by Vintage Books in paperback.
The intial "m" in the phoneme "ma" is formed by pressing the lips together and voicing the sound.
Belgium will consider bids from five groups of companies to operate the nation's second mobile-phone network as part of a wider plan to inject competition into its telecommunications industry.
Otherwise the fez is ruined."
Some of the women kept their own meticulous records of how many customers they served.
Many of the problems in the United States occurred in northern areas, they said, where the temperatures grow colder than they generally do in Japan.
Though many Republicans say they favor putting more stringent requirements on Federal largess to states prone to flooding, last year's bill was caught up in a Republican strategy that blocked almost all Democratic-supported legislation late in the session.
Its main product, the Escon Director, is marketed by the International Business Machines Corporation.
He hurt it during an evening practice Monday at the Lakers' training camp at the University of Hawaii.
That decision was to send everybody to lunch early and bring the part in by helicopter.
The fate of these Serbs remained uncertain.
asked Yayoi Watanabe, a demurely dressed woman who draws the comics.
They cite studies that show that many of the smallest firms still shun New York because of high taxes and rents, difficulty getting loans, and equal difficulty finding a highly skilled work force.
"I always thought I was my grandmother, and now I am almost right," she wrote in 1935.
His smile appeared below his neatly trimmed mustache.
Art galleries are adding luster to an abandoned part of the neighborhood.
The Sponsorship Group, a sports marketing holding company in London, said it had acquired 70 percent of the Championship Group, a sales promotion and sports marketing company in Atlanta and Chicago.
They shook hands and spoke privately for a moment.
On a hillside overlooking Grand Anse at its south end, the Flamboyant Hotel, (800) 742-4276 or (809) 444-4247, fax (809) 444-1234, has one-bedroom suites and two-bedroom cottages in addition to hotel rooms; each of the 39 units has a veranda.
Ike Ude is an Oscar Wilde wannabe, given to inversions like "the vulgar art of modesty."
Without any rules changes that would require a game to become longer, the average baseball game now takes 2 hours 57 minutes to complete, 24 minutes more than it did in 1981.
2 3 2 SPONTANEOUS HEALING, by Andrew Weil.
Mr. Kunstler represented people as varied as Wayne Williams, ultimately convicted of killing a number of children in Atlanta; the actress Joey Heatherton, who was charged with attacking a passport clerk; Darryl Cabey, one of four black youths wounded by the subway gunman Bernhard Goetz in 1984; the Rev.
Since Lois/USA is still lining up the personalities to participate in the campaign, prototypes of the ads will be shown.
Alarmed by the details of the land swap, the new Governor's appointees decided they would not honor the terms of the deal.
On Thursday, he issued a pastoral letter to priests around the world, titled "The Dignity of Women," imploring them to re-examine their attitudes toward women, which he said should be modeled on those toward a mother or sister.
"Elsewhere, it might cost $120."
In 1961 he started at the recently opened Preservation Hall in New Orleans, working there regularly until March of this year.
When the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates in February for the first time in five years, the bubble burst.
Night shots of window displays are more openly romantic, with hot neon and cool fluorescents mixing with street lights to create glowing color compositions.
"One game last year, I was on first base, and the pitcher of the other team went into a full windup," he said.
"A lot of people outside the business are bidding for properties now," said Saul P. Schwartz, president of Kinney System.
FULTON FIRE: ARSON IS OBVIOUS .
Yet it is not clear to what extent the discussions are motivated by business considerations and to what extent by the Japanese Government's desire for a tidy, traditional Japanese-style rescue operation.
He took the medication, Haldol, one of the most popular neuroleptic drugs used to treat paranoid schizophrenia.
The bottom line, they stress, is not the trend in the savings rate, but whether savings are adequate to keep the economy growing fast enough to pay for the retirement of the baby boomers.
Though McDonnell Douglas has less flexibility because of its smaller size, Mr. Demisch said it was too soon to dismiss the ability of the company to introduce the MD-95 and benefit from a worldwide recovery in commercial aircraft sales.
We need one level of safety for all human souls.
Mr. Jones said the church had several celebrity members, including Lisa Marie Presley, the daughter of Elvis Presley, and the actors John Travolta and Tom Cruise.
Miriam Poole of White Plains said that her mother's funeral was on Christmas Eve, and that every Christmas brought back painful memories.
b- Includes an after-tax gain of $ 403 million, or $ 3.44 a diluted share, on the sale of substantially all of the assets of ITT Financial Corp.; after-tax operating earnings of the discontinued finance segment of $ 12 million, or 10 cents a diluted share; after-tax capital gains of $ 18 million, or 16 cents a diluted share; after-tax adverse items at ITT Hartford totaling $ 56 million, or 48 cents a diluted share, including catastrophe losses casued by wind, hailstorms and flooding in the southwestern U.S. and a provision for estimated settlement of claims relating to Dow Corning breast implants.The latest quarter also included after-tax provisions of $ 29 million, or 25 cents a diluted share, for the planned disposal of ITT Semiconductors and a unit of ITT Community Development Corp.c-Included after-tax earnings of the discontinued finance segment of $ 32 million, or 24 cents a diluted share.ITT said that on a comparable basis, which excludes portfolio gains and the items in the above footnotes, which management believes are unusual for the periods, net income was $ 264 million, or $ 2.36 a primary share and $ 2.20 a diluted share in the latest second quarter, compared with $ 226 million, or $ 1.84 a primary share and $ 1.73 a diluted share, in the year-ago quarter.c-Included after-tax earnings of the discontinued finance segment of $ 32 million.
"The Pictographs of Adolph Gottlieb" remains at the Brooklyn Museum, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, through Aug. 26.
Gross left Mirabella in 1993 to become editorial director of one of the magazine's main rivals, Elle.
At any moment a song might unfurl angelic chords above a gentle melody, crisscrossing counterpoint, quick but perfectly enunciated verses with a new chord on every note or a gliding falsetto lead above a cushion of low voices, all in a gleaming webwork of guitars.
Firefighters who searched the second-floor bedroom where the woman, Karen McKenzie, lay overcome by smoke did not see her because she was under a window, hidden by draperies or blinds, said Chief Harry Norum of the New York City Fire Department.
Other changing specialties include rabbit stuffed with eggplant; roast tuna with a Nicoise ratatouille; a brandade, or creamy puree, of fresh cod, and a fresh fig tart.
In addition to violations at the building on 140th Street, the housing agency has brought 51 different cases against Mount Wilson or its principals for problems at other buildings in the neighborhood including 25 and 35 St. Nicholas Terrace; 75 St. Nicholas Place; 4, 9 and 10 West 108th Street, and 406 West 129th Street, said Mara Neville, a spokeswoman for the housing agency.
The plan comes after a four-month study of the company's general and administrative costs, its factory costs and its research and development operations.
Among the things Duchamp has going for him, though, is a lightness of conceptual touch Ms. Connor could learn from.
And it was clear yesterday that they had not been.
"But when the U.N. people said that they'd move, I said, 'Move.'
From the pace of that inquiry, it appears that the committee has decided he violated no rules of the House and was not improperly helping Rupert Murdoch, who owns HarperCollins and many other enterprises that have frequent business before Congress.
The troupe was led Saturday night by Galina Mezentseva, a former ballerina of the Kirov Ballet who since 1990 has also been associated with the Scottish Ballet.
Though each can be seen as a discrete civic project, all are part of a master plan to enlarge the scale of central Paris.
To the Editor: Re "What You'll Get for That Extra Quarter" by E. Virgil Conway, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority chairman (Op-Ed, Aug. 16): Unless the M.T.A.
"But it also indicates we're putting a campaign together that's going to be hard to stop."
MARY E. GALLIGAN New Rochelle, N.Y., Sept. 21, 1995 The writer is an F.B.I.
In addition, Mr. Solti, at 82, may be less able or less inclined to impose the iron discipline of yore.
But others say that figure is a budget-cutting fantasy, especially because most of the "dismantlement" bills simply move the department's functions elsewhere.
The Taxpayers claimed adjustments of $4,804 (Line 25) for one-half of Samuel's self-employment tax and $8,000 (Line 27) for his contribution to a tax-deferred Keogh retirement plan.
It will also assume $203 million of USA Mobile's debt.
She promises unlimited hope -- not a guaranteed result."
Some people didn't feel it was an Amherst type of word, but we won."
With more than 700 gang-related killings a year in Los Angeles County, Mrs. Hawkins rarely lacks guests.
Her doctor is now reported to be ill with a similar disease, Dr. LeDuc said.
Diane Cleaver, a literary agent and author, died on Monday in her apartment in Manhattan.
David, Cuba's Everyman, eventually overcomes his aversion to homosexuals and declines to inform on Diego.
And it has an economy 20 years behind Israel's.
He said that his doctors had given him their consent to proceed but that he was not convinced that he could maintain his stamina for two full years.
But the company says the labor leaders are misguided.
The parking deck is being built by Joseph L. Muscarelle Inc. of Maywood, N.J. A subcontractor, Linde-Griffith Inc. of Newark, was installing the beams, Port Authority officials said.
Caffeine raises the rate at which the body burns calories for three or more hours after it is consumed, according to studies of healthy volunteers of normal weight in Denmark.
In a well-known Cossack expression, "Between the first and second toasts, a bullet should not pass."
"The whole time," in prison, Ms. Lytle said, "you wouldn't believe how the women would look to her.
Mr. Tietmeyer said the current American economic performance -- low inflation, moderating growth and a soaring stock market -- did not justify the roughly 12 percent fall of the dollar against the mark this year.
In the last year, city officials have evacuated almost 200 people from dungeonlike cellars in Chinatown.
Yesterday marked a sharp shift in many investors' thinking about the economy, interest rates and, perhaps, equities.
It also provides access for foreign language broadcasts, earning fees of about $7 million a year that help subsidize the radio stations.
At the other end of the continuum, some liberal Democrats were dismayed at the Senate bill and said they could barely believe that the debate over welfare had moved so far to the right.
He just feels like he's the man."
After the Nuremburg trials of the most senior Nazi war criminals, which were organized by the victorious Allies, many bureaucrats and industrialists who had been part of the Nazi machine were quietly welcomed back into society.
No longer did the Americans look a step slow.
The only reservation Mr. Lloyd has is that while there is now a market in Russia, "the rise in overt crime and corruption (which reform has not caused, but has certainly not cured either) threatens not just the reforms but the state itself."
We can't decide), the boxes of old photographs under the bed.
An elderly woman cried out: "This is not rest."
"I was an atheist, his father was an atheist," says his mother, a potter now married to a sculptor.
"In the Yankees' zeal to build the gate," Brown said, "they are taking advantage of the fans and Darryl Strawberry, and they are destroying America's great pastime and our youth.
Splashy commercials by Fallon McElligott Berlin use special effects to dramatize how engrossed starstruck viewers can get with VH1 videos: winding up within them by switching places with Madonna, Sheryl Crow and Sting.
He cited a series of controlled experiments, published in a scholarly forensic journal, in which laboratory technicians perspired on blood samples, shed dandruff on them and even spit on them, all in a futile effort to contaminate the specimens.
But we have elections and a free press as in any democratic country.
This sort of plant alert is important.
Wine of Stars Marilyn sparkling wine, with a star-studded image of Marilyn Monroe on the label, may add a touch of Hollywood glitter to that New Year's Eve party.
He also spent a decade or so in Mexico.
These programs are attracting millions of dollars, and they are intended to reach a broad spectrum of young people, the great bulk of them in the public school system.
In retrospect, at least, it is clear that Mr. Ames should never have been trusted with high responsibility in the first place.
That was an individual who worked in the home and had some extra time.
"But, I do get too involved."
"The Senior Prom is something no one should miss."
Instead of closing on April 9, the show will remain on view through April 23.
"It doesn't work for white people anymore," said one caller, who like most of the callers, identified himself as white.
Officials at Digital later accused him of causing $4 million in damage to computer operations at the company and stealing $1 million of software.
"And they responded very well.'
State University union officials said that the $25 million, coming more than halfway through the academic year, would have the impact of a $50 million full-year reduction.
Twice he has petitioned for clemency.
That test was to have shown how blood on one of the socks found near Mr. Simpson's bed could have been planted.
Yves Doutriaux, a Foreign Affairs Ministry spokesman, said today in Paris that Gen. Bernard Janvier, the United Nations commander for the former Yugoslavia, and Gen. Bertrand de Lapresle, his predecessor, "transmitted by various means France's message of firmness: the immediate and unconditional liberation of all the hostages."
It showed in the first set, when he had five break points against Siemerink and converted none.
In a telephone interview on Friday, Mr. Perot continued to flirt with the notion that he was eager for an encore.
She's carried on, but she stressed that she hasn't been alone.
One of the reasons he agreed to work with Simon Dickinson, he said, is the increasing cross-fertilization of the art market; clients who once bought only Old Master paintings now buy Impressionist works, and vice versa.
Yet, he continued, those countries "do not consider it necessary to use a device like our Fifth Amendment, under which an accused person may not be required to testify."
Last September, Ms. Midler and her husband, Martin von Haselberg, and their daughter, Sophie, now 11, returned to New York from Los Angeles where the star had relocated in 1976.
The peace effort, and the Washington meeting, are expected to be discussed by Prime Ministers John Major of Britain and John Bruton of Ireland when they meet on Friday at a European Union conference in Majorca.
Dr. Klintmalm said his team was stunned by the turn of events because initial tests turned up no evidence that Mr. Mantle's cancer had spread.
THE TOTAL PACKAGE The Evolution and Secret Meanings of Boxes, Bottles, Cans, and Tubes.
WANT TO ANticipate a rebuttal?
For example, if long-term rates decline just a little bit, homeowners will start paying off their mortgages again.
Amplification has come a long way since Joseph Papp first started using cordless microphones in the early days of Shakespeare in the Park in the 1960's.
It helped the Patriots finish over all with a 75 to 48 edge in plays and a 125 to 60 advantage in yards rushing.
The audience laughed a bit too hard, wanting to show appreciation for someone who enchants without guile.
"It took a long time for people to believe it," Dr. Levy said.
Mr. Artschwager's penchant for Surrealist scale and his gift for special effects -- from the chair's faux-wood grain to the fountain's faux-gravity -- are in evidence, but one finds none of the fussiness that has marred some of his work of the last few years.
"We run our own show.
Supporters of the Palestinian-Israeli peace accord have accused some of the city's Orthodox synagogues and their leaders of tolerating irresponsible rhetoric, and have used Rabbi Hecht's statements as an example.
And other parts of the world see this."
After the upset caused by the new German biblical criticism, which "disproved the divine authorship of the Bible," Ms. Markus tells us that "not all Victorian intellectuals ran about London in despair, wringing their hands and contorting their prose with shouts of the everlasting Nay!
As a result, damage control is getting a bad name.
Then I heard a hum.
Historic Hudson Valley, Mr. Patterson added, is dedicated to preserving the cultural, historical and natural heritage of the Hudson River Valley.
Then came a controversial play.
1 THE WINTER THAT WASN'T A year ago, there were gaping potholes, broken bones and a misery that seized thousands of snow-weary souls.
In conversations across Gaza and in Jericho and other West Bank towns, Palestinians tend to identify with Mr. Arafat, saying that even while they expect him to deliver results, they cannot blame him when he falls short.
While the Office of Mental Health was given broad power to coordinate the care and treatment of the mentally ill, Justice Greenfield ruled that the law did not specifically give its commissioner any authority to approve rules regarding research on people, an authority granted explicitly only to the Commissioner of Health.
(During the match, the admission price to the observation deck is being raised to $15 from $6, even for those not interested in chess.)
For example, it has been slow to take advantage of buyer financing techniques like leasing that have proved profitable for its competitors, But to the extent Mr. Kerkorian has succeeded in driving up the share price, he has not only raised the cost of a buyout to prohibitive levels of $65 or $70 a share.
The bond issue approved last week will raise the average tax bill by about $300 a year in Essex Fells, where the average house is worth more than $500,000 and the median income is more than $100,000.
"Daisy-Head Mayzie" has hit the bookstores, and a television version is coming next month on TNT.
Baseball American League BOSTON RED SOX -- Called up Junior Braddy, outfielder, from their minor-league complex.
-- KEVIN BERGIN a councilman in Hyde Park, N.Y. [ 26:1. ]
"I'm going to be cremated, Ma.
Its lowest fare on that route would be $112, against $146.
DeRogatis, who lived in Spring Lake, N.J., is survived by his wife of 45 years, Louise; two daughters, Mary Ann D'Agostino and Diane Hagen; two brothers, Pat and Michael; two sisters, Rose Mastracchio and Paula Mossucco, and five grandchildren.
In the last four years, the company's revenue increased at least 60 percent each year.
The prosecutor disclosed for the first time that Mr. Bravo had been behind the bar at the club for much of the night of the party.
(All ages) ONE, two / Velcro my shoe.
The Santa Fe Pacific Corporation has proposed buying 10 million of its own shares in its attempt to merge with Burlington Northern Inc. and thwart a hostile takeover by the Union Pacific Corporation of Bethlehem, Pa. A purchase of 10 million shares by Santa Fe Pacific would increase the exchange ratio of its merger agreement to 0.4347 share of Burlington Northern stock from 0.40 a share.
Then the last club imposed a double squeeze, with neither defender able to protect diamonds.
We believe that together the Energy Department and the states will develop a sensible waste-treatment program.
In some new houses the family room, rechristened the great room, has completely replaced the living room.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association is reviewing the relationship between Phillips and the owners of the group home where he lived as a teen-ager.
A Great Day in Harlem 1995.
Two years ago, developers started converting the factory, built in 1916 and closed in 1965, into condominiums.
MS. SOLWAY ALSO SAID that Nureyev would have his dresser break in his shoes by wearing them around his London flat.
"Psychologically, the one thing the new police have going for them is that the population sees them as untainted," an adviser to Mr. Aristide said.
"Chickabee, chickabee," she says, a word that sounds like chickadee and seems to be some term of endearment.
Defensive tackle STACEY DILLARD missed practice on Wednesday because his wife, VICKEY, gave birth to their second child.
Rabbi Aaron Panken officiated at the St. Regis Hotel.
's environmental protection mandate and its impact on New York State's economy."
Each has annual sales of more than $2 billion and employs more than 10,000 workers.
In 1934, he revoked the massage license of a German citizen, provoking an apology to Germany from the State Department.
To reach the museum by car from New York City, take the Grand Central Parkway or the Long Island Expressway to the Northern State Parkway and continue on to the Meadowbrook Parkway.
The Mayor will have to grin and bear it, his familiar rictus smile in place, as he is ribbed and clobbered in song and dance by an association of the very people his press office has lately declared anathema, the news media and the city public relations establishment.
He could adjust that to help the Jets fit under the salary cap.
Even in popular categories like computers and their accessories, margins took a hard hit.
Many Californians took advantage of the sunny weather to mop up after a week of rain and floods.
Truman opened the game up by holding the ball for the first 8 minutes, picking up 45 yards and 4 first downs.
In the clinic, the fractiousness of the society is amplified, and Hassan's infirmity makes him a sounding board for the life stories and naive political rants of the patients and staff.
The prosecution compounded the police bungling when it put Mark Fuhrman, a racist detective, at the center of its case.
The trial lasted five years and ended without convictions.
Reeves has two years left on his contract.
He has recorded dozens of albums and now teaches at the New School.
Paul's always done well against Boever."
A high gloss has been added to the all-black style of dress so prevalent in fashion.
Soon after, he also lost his position to the more radical Boris N. Yeltsin, who became the democratically elected President of the new Russia.
The league said, O.K., you can move.
"I thought the ball was high," said Phillips, who continued a wild week that started in New York with his bat being confiscated and inspected during an Angels-Yankees game on Sunday; and this series in which Phillips went 4 for 6 with two home runs Tuesday, struck out in all four of his at-bats Wednesday and reached base on his first three at-bats last night.
"Overruled," Judge Donald E. Belfi said.
"Maybe Tommy Lasorda is upset.
His lawyer told him it set a precedent.
Mr. Holman, the only other person arrested in the case, was also indicted in the killing.
Aaron was an obedient child, his father said, usually content to watch television when he was home.
If it is a player resembling Scottie Pippen in any way, Oak is outta here.
Small groups also work together on T-shirts and local fan magazines with articles like "The True Facts Behind the Liquid Meat We Call Milk" and picket drug companies that experiment on animals.
Tickets: $12.50 plus a one-drink minimum.
Stock prices plunged again here today, sending the Nikkei index of 225 issues down 2.6 percent, as investors worried that a Japanese Government plan to help banks dispose of bad loans was not sufficient to do the job.
The last and only woman to serve on the seven member panel was Suzanne Bastide of France, from 1950 to 1982.
Outside, hired actors in chicken, gorilla, horse and other costumes scampered about the Capitol grounds bearing simplistic messages about complexities like Medicare.
The Air Force expects to order 372 of the planes in the next several years, while the Navy expects to buy 339.
Television news programs broadcast propaganda daily, never missing a chance to show a destroyed village, a sobbing widow or a distraught refugee.
George M. Steinbrenner 3d, the Yankees' principal owner, often cites heavy traffic, poor access to garages and inadequate parking as reasons for his dissatisfaction with Yankee Stadium.
He left Arizona for California in October, the associates said.
D1 The quake is cutting into Kyoto's tourism business.
($25 and Under: 8/20/93) TANTI BACI CAFE ++ (212) 647-9651; 163 West 10th Street; $; Mastercard, Visa Both the decor and the gratifying Italian fare convey warmth and comfort at this well-hidden, bustling neighborhood lair.
"His temperament is cool as a cucumber," said a fellow judge of Los Angeles County Superior Court, who insisted on anonymity.
chairman was seeking money to pay for the deployment of Palestinian police officers who are to replace Israeli troops withdrawing from West Bank towns.
Compared with the city's current borrowing costs, which reflect debt incurred when interest rates were higher than they are today, the new bonds will help reduce costs slightly.
Mr. Devier was to have been put to death late Monday.
But now that millions of people are linked up to form a global community, how will they communicate?
The project has addressed head-on many of the major issues raised by public art.
Last year, the festival received an ASCAP award for adventurous programming, and Saturday's recital by the Lydian String Quartet opens this 55th anniversary season in similarly innovative fashion, the Naumburg Award-winning ensemble juxtaposing a late Beethoven Quartet with works by Lee Hyla as well as Ruth Crawford Seeger and the 1995 Festival's composer in residence, Joan Tower.
It was only the second decline since October, with shipments this year running 8.6 percent ahead of the comparable period in 1994.
"Not everyone can hire a conventional decorator," Ms. Davis added, "but then again, not everybody needs to."
Representative Jennifer Dunn, who represents suburbs here -- and in her second term is the most senior member of the state's seven House Republicans -- said recently that she would work with Mr. McDermott "on a number of issues involving the University of Washington and other priorities."
Former victims talk in hushed tones of Khmer Rouge recruiters seeking donations or political support for their continuing guerrilla war against the Cambodian Government.
The poet's depiction of her childhood and adolescence.
It was Alfred A. Knopf, not Random House.
Along the way, though, he lost his tolerance for excuses.
Political debates that may appear to concern domestic issues, such as cutting the Federal budget or reducing immigration, reverberate loudly abroad, in a way that is audible to the Vatican.
Plea Lifts Caremark Stock The stock of Caremark rose $1.875, or 9 percent, to $21.875, after the company said Thursday night that it had agreed to plead guilty in the kickback inquiry involving its home health care business.
NO group of mutual funds has ever been rejected as badly as were Government bond funds and mortgage-backed funds in 1994.
In one of the most embarrassing moments for his administration so far, Mr. Rowland, prompted by a question from a reporter, digressed from the subject of a news conference and attacked a bill that would authorize a study of a proposed casino in Bridgeport, even though members of his staff had told lawmakers he would support it.
Supporters of the city's public hospital system -- for decades the largest and most generous in the nation -- acknowledge that they are frightened at the changes to come but bristle at the accusation that they are mindless.
The freshman's kick capped a 48-yard drive in the waning seconds to turn aside the upset bid by the Bulldogs (1-1, 1-1 S.E.C.)
But consider Mr. Brimelow's particular approach to this problem, as set forth in his new book, "Alien Nation."
The course, he said, was renewing his sense of purpose.
"Now we would like an economic reward."
"I'm not bashful or shy of my intent to make my voice known," he said in an interview at his church office, which is filled with books and awards.
There is even assistance for those of us who tend to drop our chins into our chests.
His medical license was revoked in June 1993 for "gross incompetence and negligence" for five cases unrelated to Mrs. Negron's.
(Mrs. Greenberg, of Teaneck, died on Wednesday.)
He slipped and muffed the kick, and the ball bounced away to Virginia Tech.
Retail rents in the terminal yield about $5 million a year, equal to a third of the rents from the bus companies.
An article last Sunday about diminishing public support for Federal social programs misstated the number of people receiving Aid to Families With Dependent Children.
Corey has a lot of confidence in himself.
Until now, the test results from all newborns were used for a program intended to track the spread of H.I.V.
This weekend he went into hiding with his wife and 20-month-old daughter in another part of town because of anonymous death threats and harassing calls.
Vintage baseball cards, usually defined as those issued before 1974, have suffered relatively little price erosion.
Cultural differences between the young, upstart Crabbe Huson and the staid Prudential led to the dissolution, said Richard Huson, co-founder of Crabbe Huson.
The concourse along the outfield is similar to that of Jacobs Field in Cleveland and the right field bleachers, brick wall behind the plate and left field stands could have been swiped from Wrigley Field in Chicago.
He designed the lamps for the Hotel Greenview, to open in South Beach this month, and said the hotel's interior decorator, Chahan Minassian, asked him for "cool and vintage looking" shapes to compliment walls colored "like the sky in the evening when the blue is fading."
Sixty years earlier, a ragged throng of workers filled the same streets to defend their President, Lazaro Cardenas, against the man who had put him into power, a revolutionary general named Plutarco Elias Calles.
With his persistence and professorial manner, Mr. Bennett has finessed a remarkable string of achievements.
"I would have reservations if Darcy wasn't here," said Arbour.
Lukas flew back to his California command post after the race, but left Thunder Gulch at Gulfstream Park.
Tonight in Port St. Lucie, minor league and replacement players for the Mets will be required to sit through an hourlong presentation about the dangers of drugs and alcohol.
But at the same time he said that I.B.M.
His recent collections have been magical journeys, poetic and otherworldly, with fewer than 20 outfits but each one a vision.
Donna Karan's new $2.7 million magazine and billboard campaign stresses the ultra-glamorous look.
Bustling with businessmen or family groups, it's the sort of place where the high spirits of the feast are purely infectious.
And I still believe that we have made the right decision in not committing our own troops to become embroiled in this conflict in Europe, nor to join the United Nations operations.
But it is hard to know if Mr. Ritchie believes in his system, is just trying to find a way to make a semi-abstract painting or is pointing up the arcane nature of abstraction with an even more arcane Conceptual system.
The report cited the example of the California Public Employees Retirement System, which has used such a strategy to reduce premiums in recent years.
Nearly a quarter of the people arrested on weapons charges are juveniles, and weapons offenses are the fastest growing crime among young people, the Justice Department reported today.
Asked to predict the outcome, one senior F.B.I.
Renounced the rights to Doug Lee, guard.
At the very least, Mr. Milosevic is committed to holding on to Serbian-occupied territory around Vukovar in eastern Croatia, an area where Serbs are exploiting a substantial oil industry and are determined to maintain control of the Danube.
Red Sox 7, Rangers 1 The knuckleballer Tim Wakefield pitched a six-hitter for his seventh straight victory and Bill Haselman hit his first career grand slam to send host Texas to its 12th loss in 13 games.
But it undoubtedly owes something as well to their musical sensitivities.
I was, 'Bart, get these guys going.'
We are waiting to see."
Mrs. Erickson-Pavlovcic, 30, is a manager at Bill Treusch Associates, a talent management firm in New York.
"American Art Pottery: An Uneasy Evolution, 1880-1930."
For a less celebrated example of his stamina, consider the more than 10,000 autographs he will sign this year.
Some analysts here sought to explain Nomura's stance by saying that the securities company wanted to negotiate a stronger tie-in with Daiwa to expand into the banking business.
Mamet on Priestley Morning, mid-November.
"But most people feel he did the right thing," he said.
"He was the best father in the world," it said.
If a tick is sighted, remove it carefully with a fine-pointed tweezers.
Under the proposed revision of the bankruptcy agreement, Manville would be able to use about $260 million to pay off debt and redeem preferred stock before issuing a special dividend.
And the sideshow freaks, in turn, got into their work.
locked in the black bishop and defended the d4 pawn because 38 .
Friday: 8 P.M., Philharmonic Concert.
Lear, 4 years old at the time, was left in the care of his eldest sister, Anne, whom he thereafter regarded as his mother.
Invited Brian Barnes, Brian Bohanon, Kent Bottenfield, Dwayne Henry, Terry Leach and Kevin Wickander, pitchers; Terry McGriff and Ron Tingley, catchers; and Kevin Baez and Franklin Stubbs, infielders, to spring training as non-roster players.
In the past three, he has shot 20 percent (6 of 30) and killed the Nets' offense with bad decisions in the final minutes.
A damaged building nearby was a reminder of the risks involved in venturing out of a basement.
In related action, Speaker Newt Gingrich, Republican of Georgia, warned former House members that they were barred from using their privilege of floor access to lobby.
But nearly all the increase is designated for specific programs like those involving breast and cervical cancer ($457 million) and immunizations ($625 million).
The falling dollar has raised that very thought in the mind of Joseph Uehlein, an A.F.L.-C.I.O.
One more thing: the garden has arranged a Miniature Holiday Tree Festival.
To help ease the transition to privatization, the state is granting a one-month extension for licenses and registrations due to expire by the end of July and the end of August.
"It's dangerous to be too harsh," Mr. Gregory said.
Picturesque wrought-iron light fixtures and railings along the walkway and its vast belvederes are like those fashioned in the Armenian Quarter hundreds of years ago.
She made plans for still more hours at her second job to recoup the loss to the trickle-down break-in artist.
Re8, let Van Wely make a powerful positional pawn sacrifice with 13 d6!
The very saddest of the lost characters in "Kids" are the little brothers, seen here sampling drugs, watching enviously at parties and trying to keep up with the tough talk.
His mother is a former field master of the Pickering Hunt in Chester Springs, Pa.
"He's Catholic, I'm Jewish," she said.
Behind the dispute is the conviction of both parties that Mr. Boutros-Ghali would be reluctant to urge reimposition of sanctions unless there was no alternative.
Some will be covered by insurance, and just this week, Governor Keating and a state delegation received pledges of more than $75 million in Federal aid from Congressional leaders.
The Walker dismantled its permanent collection, giving the show the run of its huge spiraling galleries: it was a bit like wandering through an underpopulated insane asylum.
He was the first American President, officials said, to address directly the overwhelmingly Catholic Irish Republican Army.
"Bratton says exactly the right things, but the institutional culture of avoiding bad publicity is still there."
"Buses were probably diverted from the route, whereupon the escorts lost sight of them."
It is always hard in Russia not to think of conspiracies.
that doesn't mean I'm a good football coach.
About 11:12 P.M., while the officers were still there, the gunmen entered the apartment.
The bonds, which are callable in three months, are priced at par to yield 6.267 percent.
Asked if the game sent the Rangers a message, Clark said: "The message was for us.
It is for those reasons that I felt compelled to respond on behalf of my family.
Newspapers followed his every move, whipping up speculation over whether he would visit or spurn his former lover.
Scotty said it was a fine speech as far as it went but showed no understanding of Soviet fears of invasion.
During the last big closing, the supplies ran out and his workers sat idle for a month.
The zestiest choices were sweet-sour tofu with cashews and mushrooms, bowtie pasta and fresh salmon, oven-roasted root-vegetable salad (beets, turnips and parsnips), Mediterranean salad (with artichokes and mushrooms, penne pasta and duck), Greek salad (with feta cheese, broccoli, tomatoes, roasted garlic cloves and calamata black olives) and a summery tomato-mozzarella-red onion salad.
"At home, I was mixed with Anglos and Mexicans -- the others dominated the class, and I felt left out," he recounted.
Yesterday, many neighbors in the four-story walk-up building where Ms. Pantoja and the children lived, said they would often hear loud noises coming out of the apartment but did not think they were serious.
Hydrologists argue that faster flows could expose down-river areas to flash flooding.
A few weeks ago, Bob Watson, the Yankees' general manager, said the club didn't have enough money to sign both David Cone and Jack McDowell.
Mr. Rossi, a former head of Consob, the Italian stock market's regulatory agency, was brought in by Ferruzzi's creditor banks one and a half years ago to rescue the company, which was groaning under debts totaling some 30 trillion lire, or about $18.7 billion.
Deaths occurred in a tiny fraction of those cases.
"Wouldn't you like a corsage?"
So, too, will "Sweet Justice" adjust its course.
Among the highlights, Loudon Wainwright 3d and Shawn Colvin plumb the desperately plaintive "A Heart Needs a Home"; June Tabor sings a chillingly austere "Beat the Retreat," and Maddy Prior and Martin Carthy offer a penetrating "The Great Valerio."
And since the economic spillovers are very large -- one's invention will almost inevitably produce windfalls for others -- private businesses lack adequate incentives to create productivity-enhancing technology unless they are subsidized.
Share earnings were adjusted for 2-for-1 stock split, effective April 26, 1995.
"Grand Reserves" remains at the Brooklyn Museum, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, through March 26.
For one moment during an afternoon of frustration, it was Mason at his best in possibly his last game as a Knick.
Mr. Dole was once a dirt-poor Army grunt whose right arm was crippled by wounds he suffered in Italy in World War II; Mr. McCain is a graduate of Annapolis and the son and grandson of Navy admirals.
In addition, advertisers are more interested in reaching readers in the Des Moines area.
There are differences, though, between car phones and hand-held phones.
The golf driving range that Shinya Muto built just outside Kobe, Japan, was still standing after an earthquake leveled the city last January.
Two different Republican bills are already working their way through Congress that would also deregulate the American financial system.
"Besides, why should we foul our own planet so badly that we can no longer look out at the stars?"
After working on some 20 films, he became chief cameraman on "Round Midnight," released here in 1986, and in 1989 became a director of photography on the French black comedy "Baxter."
People not only don't trust us, but they hate the things that we do to other people.
PAUL VALENZUELA New York "I find these restaurants are always packed like Great Adventure.
The merits of the case can be secondary in those instances, he said.
Teddy bears gained their names from Teddy Roosevelt, and by 1907 Steiff had shipped a million of them to America alone.
"Anyone with a minimum interest in either cats or dogs can spend a rewarding and entertaining evening with this book," Thomas Foster said in The New York Times in 1955.
By the next year, Hondo was worth a third as much.
"Derrick has reached the point where he's financially secure.
That will have to do for now, Ms. Bosanek said.
There will also be "trench art," items made by soldiers from shell casings and bullets, like cigarette lighters and picture frames.
It fell 5 1/2, to 24 1/4, after it reported a sharp surge in first-quarter earnings, but which analysts attributed to new Government legislation rather than the company's operations.
William C. Barrett, director of transportation and parking at UConn, had seen a similar program in use in Amherst, Mass., where five colleges subsidize bus fares for students and was an early proponent of a similar approach in northeastern Connecticut.
Against a picture-perfect Mediterranean sunset, a beautiful woman sings a song from Wagner's "Flying Dutchman" about a ship with blood-red sails guided by a pale mariner searching the seas for his true love.
Some on Wall Street have speculated that Mr. Kerkorian may poll Chrysler shareholders to see if they support either proposal.
And while Mr. Truman railed successfully in 1948 against the "do-nothing Congress," his obstructionism had so diminished him four years later that his approval rating was lower even than that of Richard M. Nixon in the depths of Watergate.
"I'll support you in whatever you do," said Diane Karol of New York City, in a reference to Mr. Bradley's decision to seek a new path to public service.
In that case, unrelated to Mr. Rostenkowski, the Supreme Court said the statute under which Mr. Rostenkowski was charged applied only to agencies of the executive branch.
He cited as factors increasing his accountability his decision to hire experienced prosecutors and rely on Sam Dash, a former Watergate prosecutor, for ethical guidance.
All else aside, that's one of the ways the Avalon is typically American.
(AP) A First for Tryba Ted Tryba won for the first time on the PGA Tour yesterday, shooting a three-under-par 68 for a one-stroke victory at the Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic in Williamsburg, Va.
But the day came and went and -- no big deal.
"They keep the sun out of your eyes," explained Pooky Fernandez, 21, a deejay who also works as a salesclerk at Supreme, a skate shop at 274 Lafayette Street, near Prince Street, in SoHo.
(Bloomberg Business News) RHONE-POULENC TO SELL STAKE IN A PRODUCER OF SODA ASH Rhone-Poulenc S.A. agreed yesterday to sell its 51 percent stake in the soda ash producer Rhone-Poulenc of Wyoming to Oriental Chemical Industry for $150 million.
Tomorrow at 5 P.M. Free.
One client, Warner LeRoy, owner of the Tavern on the Green and the Russian Tea Room, wanted a 35-foot waterfall on the estate in Amagansett that he shares with his wife, Kay.
In a new NBC series titled "Hope and Gloria," Hope asks Gloria's ex-husband, Louis, for advice on what men want.
When you're young and fresh out of college, the idea of living in the city is very appealing, but as you get older a lot of the mythology of the city wears thin."
"Pressure on the center of the palm intrudes on nerves, veins, arteries and musculature," he said.
And what submarine captain would not relish command of a new Seawolf submarine?
As the first voice of its generation to make itself heard in major projects, the firm let it be known that post-modernism had peaked.
There is silence and the scent of conifers.
Here a shrouded mechanistic figure huddles in a modernistic cloister, there an armored fist grabs an electric bolt.
Mr. Banks also falls short of Mr. Salinger's artistry in filtering acute psychological observation through vernacular distortion.
The idea was to calm his nerves, which had left him rattled over the past year, during which he had not won a single important competition.
that "you won't want to go on."
Three monitors hired by the New David testified at a hearing before Judge Diamond that they had seen no high-risk sexual activity, but she dismissed this testimony as "not credible."
leader, sustained a bruised left eye when he was assaulted at a nightclub early this morning, the Boston Red Sox said.
As for us, business is absolutely up."
"At the beginning of using linkage analysis to study schizophrenia, we used monogenic models," like those applied to the analysis of cystic fibrosis, said Dr. Hans W. Moises of Kiel University Hospital in Germany, an author on another of today's reports.
But Mr. Graham suggested that he is not alone in his thinking.
Someday natural gas will start coursing through the distribution system, and we'll pull down storage and the price will recover sharply.
The Chevron Corporation reported a 33.6 percent drop in profits yesterday because of the one-time costs of putting its real estate business up for sale, but results were helped by strength from chemical operations.
Mr. Clinton hit the center, but from here it looked like a dead-perfect belly-flop.
An additional 4,000 companies with fewer than 100 plan participants would have to provide notices beginning next year.
Officers cannot proceed without consent or probable cause, like drugs or weapons in plain view.
A graduate of the Yale School of Drama, Mr. Garness was known for his sensitive, unobtrusively dramatic lighting designs for the modern-dance companies of Phyllis Lamhut, Don Redlich, Gale Ormiston and Luise Wykell.
Dr. Crosby said classmates, parents, teachers and members of the clergy can help prevent suicide by better addressing the problems and needs of the very young.
Bail of $10 million was set for Do Young Yoo, charged with killing Kyu Su Chun, his girlfriend's mother, on Nov. 27.
The photographs strike me as so, well, Lutheran.
(No surprise here; the temperature was 20.)
HOCKEY Flyers Lose for First Time Joe Murphy, benched last week, scored the tie-breaking goal early in the third period yesterday as the Chicago Blackhawks dealt the visiting Philadelphia Flyers their first defeat, 5-4.
In retrospect, Japanese investors have endured anti-Japanese sentiment without even getting a monetary payoff.
Approved 276 to 151, June 29.
discovered that Mr. Ismoil had flown to Jordan on the night of the bombing.
The catch, readily acknowledged by Mr. Hahn, a former official in the Bush Administration, is that it is easier to criticize the system than to fix it.
The Baldus study itself was the centerpiece of an appeal to the United States Supreme Court in 1987 by a black man in Georgia who had been sentenced to death for murdering a white police officer.
When you're through, you still have a pig."
For instance, if you watch enough "E.R.," the hit show set in the busy emergency ward of a Chicago hospital (NBC, Thursday night), you can, without even knowing it, learn a lot about medicine.
Last week, the President attacked the Republican plan to cut this year's budget by $16.4 billion as putting pork over people, though he had actually supported some of the protected projects in the past and agreed with all but about $1.5 billion of the choices proposed in the final bill.
But the going may be rough, as Congress has tried to insulate the process from politics, and the President and lawmakers must accept or reject the commission list in its entirety.
With Mr. Finley as president of the merged union, the company began to experience some intimidation of its own.
The live transmission of Cynthia Rowley's show next Thursday -- the first on the megascreen since New York's shows have been grouped in Bryant Park in Manhattan -- is the ultimate in fast fashion.
But the plant's plodding ways under a hidebound union long discouraged renovations and ruled out exports.
There was plenty of unplanned time for the spouses and stores from Tiffany's to F.A.O.
The company's problems in Elizabeth, where their center has been under investigation by the Immigration and Naturalization Service, echo the troubles that have dogged its rapid expansion around the country.
A journalist who covers people being talked about is now being talked about himself.
And, according to the new economics of the age of Holy Bull, "all remaining starters will receive $4,000."
He was cruel to his wives, largely indifferent to his children, at times breathtakingly obtuse.
His efforts have been blocked by the Croats, although the European Union's mandate states that "a single police force, unified at all levels, will be established."
Sometimes, he said, bears are lured to suburban areas by the strong odors of food, especially bird seed.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $35.)
The expected drop in demand for copper from manufacturers comes just as producers are expanding output.
A middle-class couple in Mexico City neatly demonstrates how differently the law is viewed from both sides of the Rio Grande.
4) Sears advertised, "Our 120-pc.
The car whets the appetite, but also tempers it.
He gave an example of exploitation: If a journalist covering a fashion show falls and is hurt, he or she is covered by workers' compensation.
Their nostrums haven't done that, and Americans inevitably are turning to other voices as living standards deteriorate for tens of millions of them.
Crew elected not to make their individual reports public, some board members said the reports showed that some principlals were resistant to intervention.
35 Obituaries 41 Henry Roth, writer.
Tracking the bad guy through the Adirondacks, she proves a relentless hunter who can flush out her quarry with only a bow and arrow.
"I am concerned about our ability over the next 10 years to continue to meet our safety responsibility."
In discussing his first three months as Governor, Mr. Rowland mentioned his handling the first big snowstorm of the winter and overseeing the deployment of 630 trucks and hundreds of emergency workers.
"It's always a struggle," said the pastor, the Rev.
Ms. Brown, conceding that Mr. Wassong could have done what he is accused of doing, described him as "ebullient, fun, outgoing, generous and smart."
His two sisters, Barbara and Margaret, have maintained contact over the years with their institutionalized brother, while James has not.
"The record companies have done nothing to expand the record business, so you have more outlets competing to sell the same amount of product."
Together with their frequent allies, Anthony Kennedy and Sandra Day O'Connor, they have embarked on a course of judicial activism that closely parallels the rethinking of the social contract taking place across the street in the new Republican Congress.
Regrettably, efforts like Mickey Mantle's foundation -- however well intentioned -- often seem to vaporize because they are too closely associated with a personality or an event that, especially after that personality's death, is no longer perceived as important.
But he is not alone as a qualified aspirant for the world title.
THE opening of a new casino buffet would not normally warrant much attention.
Between Kassandrou and Dimitriou Streets is a basilica that its own guidebook calls "the center of Salonika and of all the universe," a claim that may at first seem doubly dizzying, for most of what you see dates only from 1949.
Since people generally save more in middle age than in youth, some economists -- including Michael J. Boskin, President Bush's chief economic adviser -- optimistically predicted that savings would rebound as these boomers grew older and presumably wiser.
The Justice Department said today that the Microsoft Corporation might well be violating antitrust laws by including software for its new on-line network in Windows 95, its much-anticipated operating system for personal computers.
But the front-runner once more won the prize on a Saratoga track that for two days has favored speed.
Spreckels has about 4.75 million shares outstanding, giving the offer an indicated value of more than $56 million.
As more laboratories test for the bacterium, Escherichia coli O157:H7, they are discovering more and more isolated victims who are not part of an outbreak, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported last week.
In Umbria, the festival is everywhere: in churches, old theaters, new theaters, outdoors and after hours in jam sessions at the local clubs; the entire city is swept up in the atmosphere.
And in the second half, he never got off the bench.
Dr. Bershader began his investigations in the 1940's, when supersonic flight was in its infancy.
They sat, side by side, in the penalty box, one man wearing the captain's "C," the other the alternate's "A" like police badges on their blue shirts.
(The company claims that 75 percent of the world's estimated 2 million Web users are using Netscape Navigator.)
In a nutshell, our students have a deep and strong commitment to Israel in general and to studying in Israel in particular.
Friends say he was a regular visitor to a park near Bacarat Boulevard that was a popular hangout for a couple of dozen drug dealers and alcoholics.
It's a local situation that the other candidates are exaggerating to try and win."
She makes viewers weep and reassures them that they are everyday heroines.
Mark Jackson responded with a 3-pointer to give Indiana a 100-94 edge with 34.8 seconds remaining, and the Bulls never drew closer than 5 points again.
controversies; while she found Robert Mapplethorpe's photos "disgusting," she loved the gay epic "Angels in America."
Brad Otton threw for two touchdowns in the third quarter as U.S.C.
"The message is, you don't give in to terrorism," he said.
The lofty towers and the shopping and the Statue of Liberty are still thrilling.
Information: Center for Puppetry Arts, 1404 Spring Street (at 18th Street), Atlanta, Ga. 30309; (404) 873-3391.
The London Underground issued a statement to try to calm riders, saying it has "long practiced anti-terrorist measures and emergency evacuation procedures which are regularly reviewed in the light of events and updated."
It was during their occupancy that the modern designer Karl Bock added to the existing French-style interiors.
Wander through the store's Marketplace, stopping for bites at David's Cookies, the chocolate and cheese shops and the bakery Eclair.
The positive result led county leaders to halt their search for a private nonprofit group to buy, lease or contract to manage the 615-bed medical center, even though it was still costing county taxpayers about $17 million a year for capital and interest costs on its $60 million debt.
They relied extensively on the appraisals of foreign authorities -- who were often passing judgment on their country's state-owned aircraft manufacturers.
The adaptation of old motifs to new formats is most dramatic in the transfer of landscapes to porcelain.
When an alarm sounded in the back ward, he would race to help subdue the patient in distress.
Best known for his biographies of such military leaders as Admiral William S. Sims, the brash naval visionary, and Henry L. Stimson, the patrician Secretary of War during World War II, Mr. Morison said he was much less interested in military affairs than the manner in which his subjects became masters of technology.
As a child, she leapt around her house in Jackson Heights, Queens, so much that her mother put her in gymnastics classes in the Flushing YMCA (where she says she "practically grew up").
Seven others were already in custody in connection with the first indictment, while one, Richard Rivera, is still at large.
It's a prison, but if we can make it a little more comfortable, what's wrong with that?"
Last year it was the marigolds chewed down to mere nothings.
To Margaret Milner Richardson, the I.R.S.
A CENTER FOR EDUCATION, HEALTH AND HOPE When the Rev.
The crowd was filled with writers and editors; even the wedding cake was literary.
The program lets builders raise construction cash by selling Federal tax deductions to investors.
Emmitt Smith is listed as "questionable" for their National Conference divisional playoff with the Green Bay Packers on Sunday at Texas Stadium even though the All-Pro running back has been practicing.
Most of the those arrested are poor and mentally retarded and were living on welfare at the time they were charged.
"As much as people mumble and grumble, they realize the Presidency brings a lot of prestige and power to bear," Mr. Hindes said.
The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Argyle Television Inc., San Antonio, an initial public offering of 3.53 million series A shares.
As a young man, your risked your life to create that miracle."
Presidential candidates these days stage elaborately choreographed nonannouncements as they seek the maximum fanfare and publicity.
The Dean Street station on the Franklin Avenue Shuttle in Brooklyn would be closed, he said, and the Franklin Avenue Shuttle and the 42d Street Shuttle in mid-Manhattan would no longer operate late at night.
A FEW weeks ago, when Robert E. Allen, the chairman of AT&T, announced his plan to break the giant company into three pieces, he cited the stock market as one reason.
Scribner, a division of Simon & Schuster, won.
Then, I have my own ax to grind.
A pilot for a blueberry farm was killed early yesterday when his helicopter went down in a wooded area in Hamilton Township near Atlantic City.
They really haven't changed any basic theme of the building."
b-Included a gain of $ 25.8 million, or 71 cents a share, from the sale and closing of certain education, business and industry contracts in its contract food service division, and a charge of $ 12 million, or 33 cents a share, from the conversion or closing of certain L&N Grills.
Captain Greene was selected for promotion to admiral before the case, and legal experts say he is the highest ranking Navy officer to be court-martialed since World War II.
As a result, Jiffy Lube, the nation's largest auto lubrication service chain, will be in more than half of the Sears Auto Centers in the United States within three years.
Broadly speaking, the policies advocated by the Republicans who control Congress would give New York less money for Medicaid but more leeway over how states can spend it.
Yet what supporters of a wage increase should be arguing is that it is precisely because most of the lowest-paid workers are young that the minimum should be raised.
One of the highlights of Mr. Murray's extended stay was a shopping expedition to Mitchells of Westport, a clothing store on the Post Road.
The Puritans never had to answer such a question, as they believed that man, being the defective creature he is, could never truly be sure of being saved or damned.
If the value of the affected property went down as much as 50 percent, the Government might have to buy it outright.
The events in Bosnia and Herzegovina clouded this evening's meeting at the White House between President Clinton and his two top military advisers, Defense Secretary William J. Perry and Gen. John Shalikashvili, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to discuss future American actions in the region.
Today the inn and its adjoining motel units have fallen out of use by fishermen.
Skyscrapers and human-type communication cancel each other out.
She noted that people who aren't shopping for clothes to take to resorts are buying clothes to perk up their winter wardrobes.
It's not hard to imagine the same quiet, persuasive power working wonders on potential donors.
Dr. Rappaport graduated from Duke University and received his medical degree from the Medical College of Virginia.
He looks quite ready to deliver it.
"To me that is a fantastic illustration that money is not the real issue here."
"The track hoe will be used only in places we can't get people into in a safe and prudent manner."
"Football has changed since the 1950's, 1960's and 1970's.
"No one cried," recalled Mr. Lu.
One lesson from Education Alternatives' experience, experts said, is that in the face of extreme suspicion from teachers unions, for-profit management companies and elected school boards must be more careful about establishing clear rules for their partnerships and evaluating the success of such efforts.
"If you are against child labor, poverty, war, fine, take out all the ads you want.
Their frustration is compounded by an unwillingness by Chinese officials to clarify the extent and timing of the tax changes, including what industries and companies may be exempt.
He did not return repeated telephone calls.
But the arrival of "digital audio radio service" -- or D.A.R.S.
And Sprint has added to the confusion by overhauling its discount program in the name of simplicity.
Poor nutrition or exposure to lead in early childhood can also cause retardation.
In any event, they said, Mr. Clinton wants to be able to fulfill his 1992 campaign promise to "end welfare as we know it" and to "scrap the current welfare system."
"Plus, his theaters are impeccably managed.
"I think they've gone back to more plain vanilla," said Eric Kobren, who publishes Fidelity Insight, a newsletter.
First Hawaiian, based in Honolulu, said the deal includes 25 bank branches in Oregon, 4 in Washington and 1 in Idaho -- all but 1 of the 31 branches included in the original divestiture package.
4 3 SAVED BY THE LIGHT, by Dannion Brinkley with Paul Perry.
countered with its own round of price reductions yesterday.
"I thought, if this race is a farce or carnival, let's make it that," Mr. Martinez recalls.
Behind the shooting of guard Michael Brown and Williams, Providence needed just 8 minutes to trim a 21-point deficit to 10 at 61-51 with Williams hitting 8 consecutive points.
To the Editor: Your April 11 article on renewable energy ("70's Dreams, 90's Realities," Business Day) underscores two trends in the energy industry: utilities overcharging their customers and deflecting the blame on others, and the failure of the United States to develop a coherent energy policy.
On the other hand, the Dole campaign notes, Republican control of the Congress offers an invaluable platform for Mr. Dole.
The spell cast by whodunits, he suggested, depends not on their virtues as works of art but on their predictable, even formulaic, presentation of a drama of lost innocence and order successfully restored.
The journey of a woman from childhood to motherhood through old age.
The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and acceptance by Michigan National's shareholders.
More than any game scores, these graduation numbers tell much of the story of college sports in America now.
At many urban schools, that third-grade percentage is often double.
That law has permitted a handful of very wealthy Americans who have renounced their citizenship to save millions in taxes.
Mellowed by a woman (Greer Garson), a rigid British schoolteacher (Robert Donat) becomes a much-admired figure.
At the same time, the panel found no evidence that such programs increase the frequency of drug injection among participants or coax newcomers into using drugs.
It was able to determine how much of New York's welfare spending was driven by forces beyond the control of Albany or City Hall: not just Federal aid and poverty but also demographic factors (like the percentage of female-headed households and college graduates) and economic conditions (like average income and cost of living).
But the three-fifths rule on taxes could nonetheless frustrate Senate action, because it would govern House voting on bills negotiated in House-Senate conference committees.
Japanese trade officials have been warning their Asian neighbors that their economies will be the next targets if Tokyo is forced to set aside a part of its market for American goods.
In this languidly paced film, the camera lingers on the apartment's spare, immaculate interiors as intently as on the characters' grooming habits.
It is being timed to reinforce Mr. Wilson's message during an eight-state announcement tour that begins on Monday at the Statue of Liberty.
"The waterfront is our jewel," Ms. Korff said.
b-Net loss, which was after a charge of $ 1,780,000, or 6 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.
LOYALTY IS MORE often an excuse than a virtue.
Government investigators have obtained evidence that Linda H. Daschle, second in command at the Federal Aviation Administration, may have used her position to help her husband, a United States Senator, reduce safety inspections of an air-charter company owned by a family friend, Government officials have said.
But when the President selected Lieut.
Japan had set a goal of $4 billion in imported parts, but fell short with just $3.23 billion.
Police officials say some of the problems, including civil rights violations and a quickness to use the baton, can be traced to deficiencies in training.
That would be either Oliver McCall (World Boxing Council) or Bruce Seldon (World Boxing Association).
"The film makers are devastated," said Ira Deutchman, former president of Fine Line, which marketed the movie.
The Japanese companies will swap their 11.2 percent stake in Time Warner Entertainment for preferred shares in the parent company.
"The bishops, we should turn to them for guidance, but they seem to be taking us down a road that is liberal, religiously and politically."
Then 28, he opened a long cut over Quarry's left eye in the third round.
A similar clustering of retailers has taken place in Buckland Hills in Connecticut in the last five years.
It is unlikely the Yankees will sign both Jack McDowell and David Cone, who could cost them a combined $11 million for one season.
One panel member, Dr. David R. Williams of the University of Michigan, acknowledged that some might find it abhorrent to give an addict clean needles.
Out like yesterday's wash were Mighty Mary and Young America, two teams that halfway through today's match appeared to be headed for a sailoff on Thursday.
She said it could limit the political freedoms of doctors, university professors, artists, researchers and many others who receive Government financing.
Life in 14 4 the 1990's.
A renowned Mr. Show Business, George has the impregnable confidence born of lifelong celebrity.
What seems like a minor change to a storyteller or cinematographer -- a little cutting and pasting on the word processor, or reshooting a scene -- might take six months for a programmer to put into effect.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Or problem: when two English cartographers visit the area to measure it for a new map, they inadvertently challenge Fyfnnon Garw's communal pride.
The victory reduced the Reds' number for clinching the N.L.
The twin skills necessary -- a sense of moviegoers' tastes and a network of relationships to the most profitable stars, writers, directors and producers -- can mean success or failure for a studio.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Kobe began trying to restore normalcywith a few stores open and food and water supplies improving.
The discrepancy resulted from Wagner Stott's omission of an interest-rate component in calculating the value of an account containing contracts to purchase foreign currencies.
Missing from the announcements scheduled for today at the start of the giant Macworld trade show in Boston, are details on Apple's new family of portable computers based on the Power PC microprocessor jointly developed by Apple, Motorola and I.B.M.. Apple officials said new Power PC notebook and subnotebook models were expected to be formally introduced on Aug. 28, with deliveries to begin in September.
"For me, a shared identity is an achievement.
They asked for patience when a customer couldn't get the gas pump to work and neither could they.
"We got a terrific response from the communities."
In English, there was a memorable series of collaborations with Frank Sinatra in the 60's, beginning with "Sinatra/ Jobim," in which the understated elegance of Jobim's music forced Sinatra to curb his tendency toward bombast.
In the morning hours, women groaned, cheered and applauded through the final arguments in an atmosphere largely free of rancor.
ALFRED R. GUTHRIE Church of the Holy Innocents Brooklyn, Jan. 9, 1995
"I picked the new men myself," he said.
But if they proceed to give the elderly vouchers to pick their own medical policy, then count on private health plans to "cherry-pick" -- enroll the healthy but leave the chronically ill stranded in a Government program with high-cost patients.
I say it's most likely from cards, putting up money (not fists) in response to a bluff in a poker game.
One of the injured fled the park and got help.
They include raising the fare, using vans instead of school buses, and folding the student transport into existing shuttle services for the elderly.
"But for economic and security reasons, we could not use them, and we needed to know exactly how to plan our work."
The two manufacturers under contract with the Transit Authority to build buses -- the Transportation Manufacturing Corporation of Roswell, N.M., and Bus Industries of America of Oriskany, N.Y. -- are both in financial trouble and have failed to deliver on contracts, transit officials said.
How can you tell that the brightening of the bulb on the wire follows from you flicking a switch on the wall without a sense of history and narrative?
Mr. Vance's original peacekeeping plan rejected Serb demands that United Nations troops be stationed on the battle lines precisely to avoid this.
The tragedy here is President Clinton's inability to break free from interest group politics as usual.
Yes, many of the Muslims' gains were achieved with the help of the now frayed Muslim-Croat alliance.
The publication requirement for seniors, which was instituted this year, is intended in part to help students understand the complete cycle of scientific investigation, from the initial research through peer review and publication.
"It just became harder and harder to do Broadway, because there were fewer shows," Mr. Alessandrini said.
And the inadequacy of the ingredients has already led to the dismissal of bomb-possession charges that had originally been lodged in the case against some of the defendants.
THE musical "1776" recalled the way Americans marked their first Fourth of July, but 1855 is the year chosen for celebratory re-creations at Sunnyside, the Washington Irving homestead in Tarrytown.
Still, the concern was obvious as officials noted that Congress was considering profound shifts in Medicare that even hospital officials have yet to think through.
The main retailer bucking this downward trend was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville, Ark., the nation's largest retailer.
6 7 4 AN ANTHROPOLOGIST ON MARS, by Oliver Sacks.
And we see an increase of elderly people and children.
That is the most highly coveted time period for a new show in television because it is sandwiched between the two highest-rated shows in the business, "Seinfeld" and "E.R."
Vague Disclaimers While it's illegal to accept money to recommend a stock or mutual fund, it is extremely difficult to prove that a payment under a consulting agreement might actually be compensation for a recommendation, according to Doug Scheidt, an official in the investment management division of the S.E.C.
Rigatoni with Manila clams, spinach, garlic and sausage was mishandled so that the pasta was falling apart and each ingredient seemed as if it had no desire to have anything to do with the others.
14 14 13 MUTANT MESSAGE DOWN UNDER, by Marlo Morgan.
But on one issue I must speak out.
Silver Palace workers enthusiastically welcomed Mr. Foong's arrival, though neither of his two restaurants in the New York area have a unionized work force.
Mr. Uninsky said murder is still a relatively rare charge for juveniles.
Guests gathered in the two-acre backyard, still somewhat overgrown, where stereo speakers blared songs by Aretha Franklin and Sting, paper bells hung in the trees and a large white tent was erected.
Mr. Goetz set up separate operations, a half-mile apart.
"You understand there's no law to speak of," says a cynical salesman who made a fortune selling the rickety trailers that collapsed in the storm.
It was here in 1988 that Pat Robertson, the religious broadcaster, stunned his rivals when he won nearly 25 percent in the caucuses, second only to Senator Bob Dole of Kansas and ahead of George Bush, then Vice President.
10, 11, 12 and 13.
And: "Hope you enjoyed the peace, because as of now we're back in business."
A continuation of his experiments in blending and reformulating flamenco and modern dance, the program was amiable enough and Mr. Darsow made an interestingly intimate use of the open stage space.
The local telephone business represents roughly a $100 billion market, while the long-distance business generates about $70 billion a year.
One enticement for the golf courses is that some ads try to promote golf etiquette, like one for Scotts, the turf-building products company.
Most of the other candidates are not expected to contest New York because it is costly and complicated to get on the ballot and because Mr. Dole has already received the endorsement of New York's junior Senator, Alfonse M. D'Amato, a Republican.
"We became a kind of a favorite to a lot of people," said Communications Minister Shulamit Aloni, who oversees cultural programs.
Harvey Valentine, a spokesman for Mr. D'Amato, said Mr. Hatfield's son, Mark O. Hatfield Jr., applied on his own for the job in the press office of the authority.
I stepped out of myself, out of my bouncing body and planned a whole interrogation which never happened.
She's got to fight to make a living.
And now the high-stakes espionage drama continues.
One of those that didn't make the cut was "Mutt and Jeff," which was deemed too violent.
Mr. Gesch and other cotton farmers are receiving financial assistance from the Agriculture Department.
"I have a much more acute awareness, given what I came through," he said.
"authorized, approved and assisted" Mr. Cardoen's efforts.
It's well known my wife is not crazy about politics," Mr. Bouchard said today.
Through Mr. Smith she declined to comment, and a spokesman for the society said it had not addressed the issues in the Brookhaven case.
Within Japan, Mr. Watanabe's remark provoked a major debate.
The New England Patriots cut cornerback Maurice Hurst yesterday, a day after he was burned on two 40-yard passes in a 24-10 loss to the Indianapolis Colts.
In 1968, long before he animated "Who Framed Roger Rabbit," Richard Williams began an ambitious, elaborate feature called "The Thief and the Cobbler," about a brave cobbler, an Arabian princess and a bumbling thief.
For weeks the legislators have swapped and logrolled on the solemn subject of capital punishment in ways more suitable to parceling out pork-barrel projects to their districts.
Kevin McKenzie, Ballet Theater's artistic director, came out with a huge bouquet for Ms. Tcherkassky and a giant wreath for Mr. Bujones, who appeared moved when his fans refused to leave and showered the pair with flowers of their own.
"PEOPLE ASKED: AREN'T you abetting the image of violence toward Asian women?"
The container tax stripped the soft drink industry of almost all profits during the 1990's.
The crude lettering read: AVOID 666 THE BEAST WILL GET YOU .
The Serbs' armed forces are not improving, but those of their Muslim and Croatian enemies are.
"But when I wanted a big bat to hit behind Albert Belle, and I wanted a veteran who had been in big games, the first name on my list was Eddie Murray," said John Hart, the general manager of the Indians.
In response, Novell shares plummeted $2.75 yesterday, to $14.625, in Nasdaq trading.
While at first glance it might seem unlikely that Democrats would betray their natural constituency -- labor -- this same chamber last year rejected an earlier version of 1199's arbitrated award, saying that the state did not have enough money to pay them.
Thomas E. Donne, vice president and a senior portfolio manager at the Banc One Investment Advisors Corporation, in Columbus, Ohio, said that not much of what he heard yesterday could explain the strong drop in prices.
A staff of six law clerks was recently approved for family court judges: in the state's criminal courts about 40 clerks serve about 70 judges.
His group plans to present its petitions to Gov.
Rifat Ozbek offered his "ethnic astronauts," his view of what the future might have in store for fashion when the world's borders aren't global but galactic.
"The people who work at the newspapers are dedicated to what they know," said Jay Goldberg, a former Rockets official who is consulting for the Manchester franchise of the young British pro basketball league.
"If you have sex with someone and she becomes pregnant, be prepared to have 15 percent of your wages for 18 years to go to support the mother and child."
The society hopes to raise around $200,000 from last night's benefit and will also get a certain percentage of the ticket sales.
Among those inferior people is Li, whose grandmother was Japanese, which explains why she can speak, if imperfectly, the language of the invader.
"I want to be here and I'm happy to be here."
LaFontaine is a star of the Sabres who is trying to come back from knee surgery.
If there are shrieks of agony, they will come from the bottom of the population.
Now, critics like John Steele, an alderman from Chicago's South Side, where many of the heat victims perished, are arguing that the Daley administration mishandled the heat wave by not putting the city's "skimpy" heat emergency plan into action fast enough.
Dr. John Munder Ross, a professor of psychiatry at Cornell Medical Center and a Manhattan therapist, said that some "people choose work that keeps them feeling like a rolling stone."
Corporate cost-cutting chopped thousands of petroleum industry jobs.
Sometimes being a star is not a viable option."
But many analysts said Fleet's shareholders were coming out ahead.
That didn't bother Albert Tordjman, the chef and owner of Flying Saucer, which opened in 1990 in the Mission district of San Francisco.
"I wanted to do a one-artist show with a 20th-century connection to figurative art," Mr. Gagosian said.
Stories about a couple who win a lottery and devote themselves to solving crimes.
His late brother, Shafeek, bought the town house in Washington for $78,000, he said, and "I committed the sin of visiting my family -- but I don't live there."
Go for it and it's curtains, baby.
The billings were estimated at $3 million.
At high tide, waves crash into sand shelves, cutting a vertical drop of four to eight feet on what had been a flat or gently sloping beach.
So we could plan a development that could take advantage of such a site and its flexible zoning, and we had the ability to do something that would be different."
The bride's father is the president of Apex Venetian Blind Company in Philadelphia.
"I don't know the basis for any of the allegations," he said.
Athletic Training Center, 515 Madison Avenue (53d Street); (212) 355-8440.
And lest there be any hints of disloyalty inside the Kremlin, Mr. Korzhakov has expanded powers to root out and punish naysayers.
In 1982 a policy was established to detain "excludable" arriving aliens without valid travel documents, and the United States immigration authorities embarked upon a construction and leasing program to increase detention capacity -- now about 6,000 individuals across the nation at any one time.
He is survived by his wife, Adrienne, and two daughters, Elsa Miller of Brookline and Naomi Krasner of Newton, Mass.
"I got nothing to say about nothing," said a clerk in a coin-operated laundry who would give her name only as Patty.
In September the bonnie boat will speed no more.
1 in the world, advanced to the semifinals in a relative breeze yesterday, beating unseeded Renzo Furlan of Italy, 6-3, 6-4.
Maybe it will be someone else.
DAVID BROWN, the film producer, is one of 11 people who plan to roast his wife, HELEN GURLEY BROWN, at a luncheon on Tuesday to celebrate her 30th anniversary as the editor in chief of Cosmopolitan magazine.
He said that he planned to print 10,000 copies of the Warsaw edition at the beginning and that the new publication would have a similar format but a separate editorial and business staff.
One year later, Outcault shows how their injuries came to be: Hogan's Alley is in a state of siege as fireworks explode everywhere.
The principal inspiration for the book was not a rep company but the 1959 season at Stratford-on-Avon, an awesome period with Charles Laughton, Laurence Olivier, Paul Robeson and Edith Evans playing the leading roles, supported by Vanessa Redgrave, Albert Finney, Mary Ure and Mr. Blakemore, The directors were Tyrone Guthrie, Peter Hall and Tony Richardson.
Robert LaFosse's stunning theatrical insight into character roles has transformed them: watch the way his protagonist, more stooped than his predecessors with the wisdom of age, looks back upon life in the Robbins "Ives, Songs."
The man told the police that robbery was the sole purpose and that he knew nothing about a similar incident in the movie "Money Train," officials said last night.
It is moving the operations side of its business to Lowell, Mass., near Route 128.
"There are a couple of things that can make things easier.
Americans should take unabashed pride now in the democracy in the Philippines, our former colony; at the new freedom in Taiwan; closest to home, at the statehood of Hawaii, enriching our culture.
A marriage of public and private money is what revived them, that and the enthusiasm of the communities at the park's northern border.
For all women categorized as obese, the chances of an early death were doubled, a statistic that is expected to get worse as the women age and heart disease overtakes cancer as their leading cause of death.
Does this deadwood have some significance?
Neither "Ju Dou" nor "Raise the Red Lantern" has been released in China.
Representative Johnson has repeatedly said the committee was making progress and has complained about attempts to make it move faster.
The number of people killed by guns rose after laws making it easier for people to carry concealed weapons went into effect in four of five urban areas that were studied by the University of Maryland, researchers reported today.
To steal from the science fiction writers, it may one day be possible to unite mind and machine directly, perhaps through an implant in the cortex of a silicon chip that receives computer data radioed through the skull.
"But this is another story.
With trade negotiators from both sides still working in Beijing, and with prospects that the talks could continue even as the sanctions begin to be applied on Monday, neither Government openly declared that a trade war was on.
And, in the end, on each N.F.L.
Others, like schematic world globes and weeping figures in "Holiday in Cambodia II" (1985) and "Bay of Bengal" (1985), suggest troubling adult scenarios.
It is a classic Kemp performance -- engrossing, eccentric, self-serving and, in a way, endearing.
Arie Bar-Yosef, a resident of the Qiryat Arba settlement, told reporters: "Like every Jew, I feel very good.
Reading this massive volume is like a voyage on a great ocean liner cleaving imperturbably through wind-tossed seas.
"The pleasures of the 'Collected Poems' confirm his place," Herbert A. Leibowitz wrote here in 1971.
One sees this most clearly in recent drawings in oil crayon like "Modeling Shadows," where the branching forms are colored blood red.
The report showed that 48,080 out of a total of 54,221 ninth graders took the Regents-level science courses, more than double the number from the previous year, when 20,485 took the tougher courses.
Because if there isn't, I'll ask for fingerprint tests.
But Davies, the runner-up a year ago and this year's leader in prize money, scoring average and driving distance, registered a surprising 78.
On all important decisions the Chinese will decide whatever they want to do."
"We spent three weeks talking about it, and ultimately their definition of subordination would have left the REIT with an economically inferior deal," the person said.
One by one, the staff members say what they're doing to make sure the deadline doesn't slip any further.
Since her disability is extremely poor eyesight, she can't read a single word.
A10 ROOSEVELT'S WHEELCHAIR Throughout his political career, Franklin Delano Roosevelt studiously hid the fact that he could not walk, but now the disabled are upset that a memorial in Washington to the former President fails to acknowledge his handicap.
The tapered hip-hugger trousers of last season are now cropped at the ankle.
At 8 P.M. on May 8 Queen Elizabeth II will light a beacon in the park, to be followed by the lighting of many similar beacons across the country.
The modern record stretching back to the tariff law known as the Smoot-Hawley Act suggests the opposite.
"I have never talked to, seen, met or any other way known of Mr. Brown except through the media," he said.
She reluctantly took his advice but often sang the five "Wesendonck Lieder," Wagner's "sketches for 'Tristan und Isolde.'
B23 Jets are trying to solve problems in the secondary.
Serious metropolitan grandeur arrived in 1894 with a design by Richard Morris Hunt, the first American architect trained at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris.
Tickets, $30, from (212) 889-3370.
After an hour and a half in the 90 degree sun, the volunteers prepared to leave.
You seldom hear the golfers' voices, but the gallery voices rise or fall like a heavenly choir.
But it's unclear whether that star will keep rising.
The fee will be $10 to reissue domestic tickets and for overnight mail, and the company is considering nonrefundable fees for booking hotels and rental cars.
" Actually, he did understand it.
At its $13 offering price, APPS stock looks good, Mr. Basham believes.
As Mr. Groom tells it, I'm this huge feller: 6 foot 6 and 240 pounds, but then those movie people go ahead and have that talented but real normal-size Mr. Tom Hanks play me, instead of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
It was a case of bringing him up too quickly."
"Warner has given me a free hand to do whatever I want to do," said Mr. Clark, who has been the chef at several New York restaurants, among them Odeon and Metro.
-- but only by dialing a slightly inconvenient code.
The statement issued by Hamas was signed by "students of the Engineer Yahya Ayyash" in the Izzedine al-Qassam Unit, the military wing of the movement.
Since many of the sub-salt fields might lie underneath areas that have long been developed, any added oil could be produced cheaply with platforms and pipelines already in place.
"What they do, I think, is allow you to relax and just think about execution so that you don't have to think about strategy and become double-minded," said the Indians' Orel Hershiser, who will start Game 1 against Maddux.
At first I did not.
So when you hear that they've plummeted -- by two-thirds or more -- in recent years, does that mean they're out of the stratosphere?
The $19.95 ($25 on Friday and Saturday) prix fixe three-course dinner, which includes coffee and a glass of wine, is another draw.
The paratroopers retreated, and protesters seized armories and armored personnel carriers.
His predecessor, Mario M. Cuomo, traveled to Israel, the former Soviet Union and Japan on trips that were billed as either economic development missions or personal pilgrimages.
The company recorded its sharpest decline in truck sales in at least five years, the company said, because shipments to dealers were hobbled by a strike against a unit of Ryder, the principal vehicle hauler for General Motors.
But I was blessed with the voice that God gave me, and I can do a bit of that."
A 25-footer for birdie dropped at the fifth hole, a four-footer went in at the seventh and a 10-footer found the bottom of the hole at the eighth.
"I wanted to stretch out the narrative until it was horizontal, rather than something that builds," she recalls, then continues, laughing, "I realize now that it was perhaps not the best application of the media."
Children's story hours, Feb. 2, 9, 16 and 23 at 10 A.M. and 1 P.M.; $3.50 for each child; (718) 723-1800.
Still, in recent times, Republicans in the Senate have never breached seniority.
In other years, Parcells sprung surprise plays in post-season games: Gary Reason's ramble with a direct snap on a fake punt in the 1990 N.F.C.
Much later, Mr. Fulbright said in an interview: "I rather think the decision of the voters may have been correct.
The Mariners, getting home runs from Jay Buhner and Ken Griffey Jr., won for the 22d time in 30 games to move 13 games over .500.
Clive Davis, the founder and president of Arista, dismisses such criticism.
The extraordinary genius of the role is it can mutate in so many different directions.
Four years ago, it won back through referendum the name it lost in 1914.
"I just want to be careful.
The incident happened at 15:02 of the second period.
Camus had been in the habit, throughout his life, of reworking everything he wrote, and his daughter, Catherine Camus, observes in her introduction that he probably would have "masked his own feelings far more" in a completed version of the book.
Mrs. Kyrillos, 27, is a senior associate at the Princeton Public Affairs Group Inc., registered lobbyists in Trenton.
Islanders Coach Lorne Henning was incensed at the referee, Stephen Walkom.
Two of the city's most powerful figures -- John Dyson, the often sharp-edged Deputy Mayor, and Peter F. Vallone, the usually placid Council Speaker -- let loose a snarling quarrel in a second-floor corridor, attracting an open-mouthed audience that lacked only beer and a hockey game.
7 North Carolina State by scores of 4-0 that year.
He held up a copy of the Chancellor's letter to Philip J. Tama, the acting executive director, and added, "I think the Chancellor's memo, if you read it carefully, is about the best evidence so far that the Police Department should take this over."
An image of a Gettysburg battlefield strewn with corpses, for example, is shown opposite two photographs taken more than 100 years later of Western construction sites -- also bleak images of destruction.
At some point in the next several weeks, General Powell said, he would sit down, talk to friends and family, and decide whether or not to run.
Despite all that has been written about his treatment of his leading ladies, she "cannot think of a single complaint I could legitimately raise."
At the time of the invention, Mr. Adams was working at the Center for Seismic Studies, an organization based in Arlington, Va., and funded by Darpa, the agency within the Department of Defense that financed much of the work that formed the basis for the Internet.
Mr. Larkin said that half of those big manufacturers were gone, replaced with hundreds of cottage-industry designers.
I worried about Willie Mays's batting average.
How some of them started families early, or stayed home to care for elderly parents, or stayed in school for their degree.
The fabric became a Hunting World trademark.
Her protagonist, the young Humility of the title, is as bold as the author herself.
As a result, the Town Council tried to impose strict rules when it renewed the Navratri permit this year, and the society filed a lawsuit.
Amenities include tennis courts, pool, health club and several restaurants as well as an 18-hole golf course.
I fear for my life," he told the magazine L'Express then.
And Cleveland appears just the tip of the iceberg.
It's about the frequency and quality of the art available to them to participate in."
If somebody is dishonest with me then I have a problem.
Women -- Jana Bode, Germany.
At the moment, 500 colonies totaling 7,000 to 8,000 cats are under veterinary supervision, either by the city's own services or by private volunteers.
In this case again, their interests are not those of the rest of the body politic.
The slightly pregnant body design, driven by a wish to carve room for four in car that is 2 feet, 7 inches narrower than a Chevy Camaro, is never going to be celebrated by the Museum of Modern Art.
"Nina thinks our children should go to private school, and I think they should go to public school," Mr. Maldonado said.
"We want to have an opportunity to appear in a court to defend ourselves," said School Superintendent Eugene C. Campbell.
Nevertheless, officials say that the study, which was made public on Wednesday, combined with the mayor's new power over city department heads, opens wide the door for Mr. Riordan to push for changes throughout city government.
IT HAS OFTEN BEEN POINTED out that American houses are getting bigger -- the average size of a new house is now more than 2,000 square feet, according to the National Association of Home Builders, an increase of one-third in the last 25 years.
It's catering to one club kid in the lowest part of Manhattan. "
The novelist Jonathan Levi, a part of the New York music scene at the time, recalls: "I was in a band, the Savannah Sheiks.
'We've got to get this thing to an end,' " one aide recalled Mr. Dole as saying.
In New Jersey, the Office of the Public Advocate opened access to local beaches in the 1970's and 80's by using the public trust doctrine to challenge restrictions aggressively.
Mr. Versella says tall fences, which are impenetrable when covered with mature beans and such, are not wise: they block views of the main gate, and gardeners might not know if an unwelcome visitor is intruding, or worse.
Among the unsung advantages of Social Security on Mr. Gollin's list are creation of millions of jobs by easing older people out of the work force; and generation of a huge amount of economic activity by the $292 billion in benefits.
The All-Stars' lack of swing was revealed in Mr. Ziporyn's stiff, mannered arrangement of "Ilha das Gaivotas," by the Brazilian composer Hermeto Pascoal.
So save the pasta for lunch.
Americans like Gilbert M. Hair, a former American internee, are also joining the tide to sue.
The hours he played with the kids, his mind was usually back at the gym.
Based on yesterday's closing prices, Broadway shareholders would receive a substantial premium for the company, getting Federated stock valued at about $7.965 for each of their shares.
"This sort of success just opens up the field to more work, to do things that haven't been done before," he said.
relies on only a few words to make its point.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
Windows 95 assigns the aliases in order, avoiding conflicts, and you cannot directly manipulate them.
Proponents of vouchers cite more favorable studies and criticize the one Mr. Farrell cited.
"Buskers" is the term for street performers used in England, where shop-owners invite them to perform in front of their stores, to attract customers.
It runs from Jan. 26 to Feb. 5.
Be quiet because if you don't be quiet, I'll kill you.'
Mr. Kohl will take part in a wreath-laying ceremony and a reception at the Kremlin, and may visit a cemetery for German soldiers killed in battle outside Moscow, the German officials said.
A program of Norwegian cultural events called "Norwegian Visions" will run in New York and Washington throughout this fall, with a few events continuing into 1996.
"It's sad to me because Japanese things are important to me," said Ei Suzuki, an energetic woman who gave her age as over 80.
Reading the book "seems proof that the world is still big enough to deliver surprises," Rand Richards Cooper said here last year.
He shows up for his own openings only because he can't avoid it.
In countries like Mexico, the Federal authorities are planning broader joint counter narcotics operations.
"Ernold Same," a brief sketch about a conformist commuter crushed by soul-numbing routine, revives pop's tired tradition of songs that jeer at squares.
They know there are more holes in the border here than we have agents and equipment to plug them.
Ron Wolf, who was chancellor of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe when its priests were facing more than 50 accusations of sex abuse, died on Wednesday at Presbyterian Hospital in Albuquerque.
The entire Veronica genus goes by the common name of speedwell.
He was a buyer at Bergdorf Goodman from 1976 to 1981, when he moved to Saks as the buyer in charge of American designer collections.
The French Quarter occupies one of the city's highest points.
Whatever the case, some analysts said that bond traders appeared to be betting on too large a Fed cut.
Boeing shares closed at $71.50 each yesterday, down 25 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange, but had reached a 52-week high after Singapore Airlines announced on Nov. 2 that an order was imminent.
The Vietnamese were so eager for quick accords that Mr. Christopher had to send his top economic deputy, Joan Spero, to a separate meeting to explain that such agreements can take months or years to draft, and will require major changes in Vietnam's economy.
Other options include tai, a sweet lean fish that is a relative of sea bream, served over rice, and a variety of roe (salmon, smelt and herring) in seaweed bundles.
He woke up again about 5 A.M., when he thought he heard rain, he said.
On Tuesday, markets were closed in observance of Health Sports Day.
"As long as everyone has access to the services they need and consumer satisfaction is high, what difference does the dollar amount mean?"
He had initially intended the play, the story of the untimely death of a blues musician, to have an all-male cast.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service gave out 500 citizenship applications.
He shares everything he knows about fibers and weaving with students and colleagues.
Developments on the increasingly complex National Basketball Association labor front broke out in three different directions yesterday.
Denmark and Finland contributed a total of $200,000 through the U.N.'s World Food Program.
To the Editor: As an inveterate reader of cereal boxes, I can sympathize with Gloria Hunter's plight on being caught in Spain without English-language reading material.
The result is a passionate, argot-filled sermon of a kind that will insure his success as shepherd to the underprivileged.
But some people have traveled in the last few days to Osaka -- despite a round trip of up to eight hours -- to indulge in the public baths there.
These questions matter more than ever now.
But in the 1980's, the banks changed their minds and muscled their way into the home mortgage business.
"I think being able to decide when or whether to have children is fundamental to human existence," he says in his bright modern office at Planned Parenthood headquarters at Bleecker and Mott streets, which is named Margaret Sanger Square.
He is a member of the Civil Justice Reform Group, a coalition of 40 large corporations that opposes what it considers widespread tort abuses.
He moved his artists and repertory headquarters from New York to Hamburg, where Deutsche Grammophon is based.
Adequate supplies are critical at the hospital center, which has 650 acute-care beds and serves as a major trauma center for the region.
While corporate mergers and acquisitions within the United States are often merely transfers of control, he said, American companies can use foreign acquisitions as bridgeheads for larger market invasions.
Today's witnesses gave the following reasons for their criticism of the report: *William DePugh, the former head of investigations in Dallas, said he had asked to be interviewed by the review team but was never contacted.
There are soldiers here from all over the place and you don't know who you are dealing with."
If you can't spell, we have spell check.
The joint marketing effort began recently in Canada and will begin in the other countries in the coming months.
"It's still the sport of the '90's.
"I think Seth wants to stay, but I don't know if he'll determine it's the best business decision."
But the Fourth District, represented by Cleo Fields, another black Democrat, may be in jeopardy.
Hours: Noon to 3 P.M. Monday through Friday, 5 to 10 P.M. Monday through Thursday, 5 to midnight Friday and Saturday, 3 to 10:30 P.M. Sunday.
Neal Shapiro, executive producer; Marc Rosenwasser, senior producer; John Block, producer; Geraldine Moriba-Meadows, associate producer; Bruce Burger, editor.
There was also corruption among some officers, and plain fear about having to serve in such a troubled area.
The jury acquitted him on four counts stemming from the attempted murder of a gang member and the slaying of a bystander in April 1993.
Lamb is fresh, plentiful and cheap enough at less than $1 a pound for most people to buy.
Sitting directly across the chamber was Marianne Gingrich, wife of the Speaker.
Such unilateral suspension of the treaty's Article V is no "minor adjustment"; it would eviscerate the treaty's central purpose, surely requiring ratification by the U.S. Senate.
Wolff commandeered the show with his great tales.
Tangshan's rebirth has coincided with China's opening to the outside world, after the death of Mao only weeks after the earthquake and the rise of Deng Xiaoping a year later as China's paramount leader.
While not as rambunctious as it once was, New York's literary landscape is undergoing some subtle but provocative changes.
A third, 13-year-old Kevin Reed, was shot in the groin and bled to death on the sidewalk that night.
Keith Reinhard, chairman and chief executive at the parent, DDB Needham Worldwide, said last week, "Alan's promotion provides a focal point for that structure, while Bob's promotion underscores the continuing priority we place on our creative product."
"It puts auto sales on a path consistent with the sluggishness in home sales," Mr. Garrity said.
At the same time, the company, based in Wooster, Ohio, is maintaining its manufacturing capacity by increasing its manufacturing investment in Poland and Mexico.
Revenue from trading, combined with interest earned on securities traded, reached $434 million, up 22 percent from a year earlier, with gains in equity trading and currency trading, while bond trading was flat.
And didn't the club sign arbitration-eligible McDowell to a $5.4 million contract this year?
Many group practices are acquiring the ability to largely duplicate services generally provided by H.M.O.'s.
Mr. Clinton's problem is that while the trade agreement was sold with a positive message -- more trade equals more jobs -- the Mexican rescue is being sold with a negative and potentially dire one.
In attacking the business tax cut, Mr. Barry, who has typically enjoyed a good relationship with business in the city, criticized business people for pushing for the rebate in the current financial crisis.
Emmanuel Osei-Acheampong, had declined to give investigators a copy of a videotape of the melee, which was made by church members.
's chief strategist, would become president and chief operating officer of Perot Systems on Monday.
While critics have warned that charter schools would become elite bastions for wealthy students whose parents have the resources and the commitment to create schools, a recent survey of charter schools found most of them were intended to serve at-risk students.
It has been cheapened by ready availability.
An assistant prosecutor, Cheri Lewis, called the defense effort "a fishing expedition," and Mr. Bailey picked up the image.
"The time for your enlightenment, and for you to help me, has arrived," Mr. Asahara told his aides in a meeting in which he asked them to conduct the attack, Japanese television reported today.
"We lost some good people and it's disappointing," said Jack Collins, the Republican Assembly majority leader, who is expected to be named Speaker in the new Assembly.
On the face of it, almost three years after the arrival of Ms. Tilberis, Bazaar's vital signs are still weak.
You state that the word Olympic means "of, or belonging to Olympus, the fabled home of the Greek gods."
I cannot get around that.
"If I feel tired, I take a nap," he said.
The one difference was over a common currency for the European Union, a touchstone issue for the party's Euroskeptics, who resist further integration into the bloc.
"Your minorities are going to be disturbed by it as well because it puts them in a situation where they are then looked down on and scorned."
* Norwest Financial Inc., Des Moines, is selling $150 million of 8.375 percent notes due in 2000 through Merrill Lynch & Co.
Once upon a time there were such elections: Martin P. Wattenberg, a political scientist at the University of California at Irvine, notes that 80 percent of the voters in 1964 were familiar with the Civil Rights Act, and knew which candidate was for it and which was against it.
ONE of the joys of summer and fall is the farmer's market.
Jeff D. Morris, a vice president of the Fina Oil and Chemical Company, an independent company with two refineries in Texas, wrote the subcommittee chairman, Representative Joe L. Barton, Republican of Texas, to say that the agency had worked with the company and others to develop what he called a "common sense" approach.
The 2d Assembly District in Suffolk County is open because its former Representative, John L. Behan, a Republican, was appointed State Commissioner of Veterans' Affairs by Gov.
And speaking of secrets from the coconut, did you know that nitroglycerine from coconut played a major role in winning World War I?
Those who have had to endure it understand sustenance in the meanest sense of the word.
Mutombo had 16 points, 13 rebounds and was credited with 4 blocks, 2 in a span of four seconds.
Nynex sold 305 million Nynex Cablecomms units for 137 pence a unit, or $21.81 for each American depository share.
"I'm one of the guys who thinks Tim should be in the All-Star Game," said Mike Macfarlane.
That is always the question when there is a racially tinged eruption in New York.
Wall Data software lets personal computers operating in a network exchange data with other types of computers, including mainframes and work stations.
Dartmouth, which has made the playoffs only once in the last 14 seasons, won its last two and tied Union in points for 10th place.
So, Horry is in Houston to stay, no longer contentious, no longer in anonymity, and hoping to make a guest appearance on "The Fresh Prince."
The Makah would hunt with harpoons that explode on impact, which they say is one of the more humane ways to kill whales.
B10 High school star picks Georgia Tech.
The study, to be published on Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine, came amid mounting evidence that AZT, also known as zidovudine, is not as effective as some doctors once thought in resisting the onset of fatal AIDS-related diseases.
But that still raised the question of how these infected cells translated into a slow and relentless destruction of the immune system.
to supply funds to its strapped banks.
Because of recent setbacks to Melido Perez (inflammation in his right shoulder) and Josias Manzanillo (sore right elbow), the Yankees are short on pitching -- as they have been most of this season.
"I was playing golf and doing well, even though I hadn't won a major.
He has not been linked to any extremist group, nor have the police uncovered evidence that he had plans to use the explosives.
But the coordinated attack amounted to the most ambitious operation undertaken by the Muslim-led Government forces since the war began in April 1992.
And donkeys, tethered to gnarled, bent trees, swished their tails lazily in the searing summer heat.
Maxine Postal, leader of the Democratic minority, joined the Republicans in describing the state investigation of Mr. Catterson as "a whitewash."
The most surprising image is Albert Bierstadt's "Jenny Lake, Grand Tetons, Wyoming."
Later this month the Court is scheduled to hand down decisions in redistricting cases from Louisiana and Georgia that may or may not clarify Justice O'Connor's opinion in Shaw v. Reno.
Mr. Gottlieb wired back that he would stop in to see Dr. Piotrovsky on a trip to Europe he had scheduled for last September.
And this makes them big business.
CAMPO ELECTRONICS APPLIANCES AND COMPUTERS INC., Harahan, La., a retailer, ended its discussions to acquire Gregg Appliances Inc., Indianapolis, for $52 million in cash and stock.
But any such accord between the United Nations and the Serbs would amount to the United Nations bending to Serbian pressure under the threat of having its flights fired at.
This is a reprieve, not a resolution.
"It's like this every weekend," said David Borngesser, the manager of Port Imperial Golf Center, a deluxe two-tiered driving range, putting green and miniature golf course that can be reached by ferry from Manhattan.
The agreement between USAir, which has lost more than $2.5 billion since 1988, and the Association of Flight Attendants, which represents 8,200 USAir employees, calls for the union to receive 10.8 percent of USAir's common stock and control of one board seat in exchange for the concessions.
Democrats said they were startled at the lack of respect for a separate and equal branch of Government displayed by the gesture, and even the subcommittee chairman, Representative Jim Ross Lightfoot of Iowa, said he recognized that he could be accused of "micromanagement" and lack of proper respect for the office of the President.
The New York Sun dubbed the Good Government types Goo-Goos, a term of derision that was picked up by Theodore Roosevelt: "The Republican machine men have been loudly demanding a straight ticket; and those prize idiots, the Goo-Goos, have just played into their hands by capering off and nominating an independent ticket of their own."
A corrected version appears today on page D24.
but the ability of language to dance with playful, lordly authority about the contours of reality."
They have two children at home, and Mr. FitzRandolph pays child support every two weeks for two of his children who live with his ex-wife.
In addition to a news conference organized by the N.A.A.C.P.
Oracle, based in Redwood City, Calif., has about 286 million shares of common stock outstanding.
As the struggle among conservatives plays out, one person to watch for clues to the outcome could be Speaker Newt Gingrich.
Place over a pan of barely simmering water and cook, whisking until the mixture reaches 170 degrees on a candy thermometer (it will get quite thick), about 25 minutes.
"Oh, did you get my note?"
Why must the culture pound out these incessant promises of infinite self-improvement, while so many of us are looking for ways to reckon with our inevitable decline?
Our success has been a great manifestation of the ideals of the United Nations.
Ms. Clark suggested that Mr. Simpson sloughed off his child-rearing responsibilities.
In another problem for banking legislation, Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin threatened today to recommend that President Clinton veto today's bill unless consumer protections are restored.
"Believe me, it wasn't easy," said Vecchione, who is 50 now, short and overweight, with a tanned, unlined face and a quick, engaging smile.
Quarterback Kerry Collins hooked up with Willie Green on an 89-yard touchdown pass with 7:06 left, completing the Panthers' comeback from a two-touchdown deficit and giving them a victory over visiting Atlanta.
Delinquency, of course, was the ultimate status symbol.
Bishop Moore came to occupy his own place in the church, balancing a personal modesty and deft ability to relate to people with an often underappreciated political toughness and courage.
The purpose is to prevent profit from blurring a doctor's judgment about the need for outside tests and the proper place to perform them.
12 was in her customary place this morning.
But Dr. Golden pointed to several cases in which patients who had been denied insurance suffered medical consequences.
"The Learning Company has missed a massive opportunity by not making its software affordable," Kevin O'Leary, Softkey's president, said in a statement.
"We should have a simple slogan," Mr. Clinton said, in what seemed a rhyming nod to Jesse Jackson, who has been harshly skeptical of any effort to diminish affirmative action.
"You do stop and wonder what went wrong from a control standpoint," Mr. DeSantis added.
The footnote was finally rejected when a majority of delegations preferred to state the relationship between human rights and national custom in the document's preamble.
When the Bruins lost to Indiana in a regional final his freshman year, they were not O'Bannon's team.
But nothing in Mr. Moore's experience, he admitted, has matched the turbulent problems of this part of the New Jersey shoreline, which has been eroded up to its seawalls for a good part of this century.
Sheppard knocked his own rebound past a former teammate, Tim Cheveldae, to complete Detroit's comeback from a 4-1 deficit.
No one has ever found an animal that likes to frighten itself."
But the Pepsico tactics were not those usually associated with the world of medicine, said Dr. Myles Druckman, director of American Medical Center, who was in Kiev with Mr. Sokol.
"In the Democratic caucus," she said, "there was a lot of discussion about jobs, which is fine, but I didn't find there was as much emphasis on holding families together."
But, it went on to say, Muggsy had other commitments and couldn't appear at her graduation.
"When you lose white kids, when you lose their families' support, it's going to hurt the school system."
I had never seen anyone make such progress.
"But I'm under certain constraints on what I can and cannot do."
But Ms. Brown opened the second half by leading Stravinsky's String Concerto in D from the violin, and the work, which thrives on incisiveness, sounded woolly and unfocused.
Ever since Sir Thomas More in 1516 devised his "Utopia" (from the Greek outopos, "no place"), an ideal city-state in which reason reigned and money had been forever banished, visionaries have ventured out on the road ahead -- have imagined, in the words of T. S. Eliot, that "Time present and time past are both perhaps contained in time future,/ And time future contained in time past."
While this is the safe approach, it can increase the cost.
"He pointed to his elbow," Crenshaw recalled, "and told us, 'This is the name of the hole.'
In this sense, he said, change has come to Bologna.
While most people consider these to be city agencies, they are in fact quasi-public corporations that receive money from the state and operate their budgets independently from City Hall, although they receive some money from the city's coffers.
General Shalikashvili opposes sending American ground troops to Bosnia as combatants, but he has been more flexible than General Powell's all-or-nothing approach in using military force: he favors bombing to back up United Nations ultimatums.
Deep winter is a particularly good time for deals.
Voting power in the I.M.F.
McDonald's plans to appeal to a higher court.
King Rex, Dixieland jazz, fortune tellers, face painters and comedians will be on hand.
And we have it on tape.
Richard was so healthy, and he was in such a wonderful place in his life.
For that matter, did anybody think of the meaning of offal when titling the Office of the First Lady?
Born in north London, he had only a limited formal education when he joined the Royal Navy in 1939.
During the 24 hours before NBC announced that the deal was off, the country came to yet another psychic standstill.
The Chancellor's Suite, Bishop Dougherty Student Center, South Orange.
"We met three years ago, and he was in a dysfunctional marriage, so I was the Kincaid character, if you will," Ms. Lomas explained.
What she doesn't say, although it's obvious as you watch the movie, is that Mr. Redford stripped her of more than her television characteristics.
Mr. Gergiyev provided the real thrills of the four-hour performance in the battle interlude and in the hints of transcendence that poked through the music's fabric at the end.
Shares of U.S. Shoe surged $5.375 yesterday, to $24.125, a new 52-week high, in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A Baltimore man did indeed fall on a wet floor at the Sands Hotel and Casino here.
The ITT Corporation rose 3 1/2, to 92 1/2, after reporting an increase in operating profits for the fourth quarter of 19 percent.
"We need to stop overanalyzing the press clippings."
In that confrontation, the Serbs seemed to walk away victorious, with the safe area of Sarajevo virtually dissolved.
One barrier for Stop & Shop could be real estate.
Other companies are also in town for an industry trade show called PC Expo.
"This conference needs to chart a course that can create a climate where the girl child is as welcome and valued as the boy child."
There is nothing unusual about the act.
In Marigot, a pleasant place for lunch, La Vie en Rose, (590) 87.54.42, fax (590) 87.58.26, on the corner of Rue de la Republique and Boulevard de France, fronts on the harbor.
So far, currency traders said Tokyo's new investment initiative had yet to generate big Japanese purchases of dollars, let alone of American stocks or bonds.
We want children to question the vocabulary we use."
But, with the kitchen under pressure from the large party, the rest of the food fell far short.
The Web gives computer users the ability to display text, images, sound and video on color screens that make art look realer than real.
The report's significance is that it "is clearly showing the direction of the policy," said Mineko Sasaki-Smith, senior economist for Morgan Stanley & Company in Tokyo.
In interviews here this week, farmers said they would gladly give up subsidies if the Government also agreed to withdraw from setting supplies.
Local news reports said city authorities had discovered more than 200 people had been excluded from the official tally of missing but had covered up the omission at first in the face of the public outcry over a string of man-made disasters.
For Cindy Robertson, director of Camp Hidden Valley, the primary mission of the fund's programs for disabled children is the same as for all the campers the fund sponsors -- to get them out of the city and give them a chance to experience the countryside firsthand.
But the accounting treatment of these fees is not uniform.
The strategy allows him to flaunt a liberated cinematic imagination with nose-thumbing glee.
They did try to sign the free-agent second baseman Craig Biggio but were not able to match his economic demands.
It is unclear who, if anyone, was at fault.
After her husband's death, she began her long association with the Museum of Modern Art and its international council.
The law of unintended consequences kicks in with a bloody heel.
His conclusion shores up a crucial defense plank: that Mr. Simpson did not have time to commit the killings and return home in time to meet a limousine to the airport.
"There's no question that as long as we're known as the red-light district of New York, if not the nation, it will be difficult to bring in new development."
has expanded into telecommunications and motorcycles.
All day long fans had streamed to Corpus Christi, where Selena was shot in a motel on Friday morning.
Pagani, 43, of Hyattsville, Md., faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if convicted of a charge of interstate transport of stolen property.
A swimmer lapped by during the first performance, on Friday night.
He landed with the Falcons this spring to be No.
"He's very worried about this unemployment situation," said a foreign diplomat who is close to Mr. Menem, "not only because it can undermine his election bid, but also because people are really suffering."
He turned to lobbyists and corporate executives whose companies had issues before the Senate, or had previously benefited from his legislative work.
They are among the utility's oldest generating stations and will be the first the 108-year-old company has ever sold.
THE best part of her story is that she moved here before she had the job, before she had any prospects at all.
The Kansas City and Chicago contracts are for the winter wheat crops that were planted last fall and will be harvested later this spring.
Mr. Bennett said that the endowments subsidized people who seemed less interested in creating art or fostering knowledge than in "ridiculing and antagonizing mainstream American values."
It said inflation forecasts among the 56 economists polled were lower than its last survey, in June.
"We should definitely have a parade, but I don't know where.
Late Wednesday, Ewing reminded everybody that the 96-95 victory was delightful, that it extended the Knicks' season, but that it was no big deal because the Knicks -- and for that matter, the Pacers -- have been this way before.
"For him to be able to go through all those training camps is amazing."
"The House of Others" includes the title novella, which is his best-known work, along with a handful of short stories.
We feel he will fit in nicely with what we have tried to instill in the young players breaking in."
In turn, an American Express rival, Mastercard International, is mocking Ms. Stewart with a commercial by the Ammirati & Puris/Lintas unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York.
Practicing the do-si-do under the stars at Damrosch Park, Aug. 12.
Excluding a $1.8 billion charge for buying Lotus Development last summer, I.B.M.
While McDowell pitches to prove himself, his brother and agent, Jim, is here trying to negotiate a contract.
Not only is it one of the 30 companies that make up the Dow Jones industrial average, but as the world's largest construction equipment company and one of the United States' largest exporters, Caterpillar is viewed as a barometer of both the domestic and global economy.
Citgo is a unit of Petroleos de Venezuela S.A.
Trump Taj Mahal 1000 Boardwalk, at Virginia Avenue.
Dr. Cotton, the laboratory director of Cellmark Diagnostics, a private genetic testing center in Germantown, Md., testified earlier that small blood stains on a sock in Mr. Simpson's bedroom had the same genetic blueprints as Mrs. Simpson's blood.
The 43-year-old Milbury grew up a stone's throw away from the Garden in the suburb of Walpole, Mass.
Mr. Juppe, directed by President Jacques Chirac to get the generous social security system on a break-even basis by 1997, announced sweeping changes last month that reduce the labor unions' statutory role in administering it.
Buffalo has seen its population diminish from a peak of more than 580,000 in 1950 to roughly 323,000 in 1990.
In 1993 he led another unlikely campaign, to put limits on the terms of city officials; he spent $800,000, and lost that one, too.
Of course, she was wrong about the verdict.
But that can only happen if the bill is amended to keep the Government entirely out of the ratings effort.
The Roundabout run ends on Dec. 3.
I didn't want Annalees to smile much.
Most of the time it does not.
He has found an ally at the E.P.A.
He fled to Turkey in 1920 with his wife and two sons.
Twenty miles east of here, a farmer named Li Chunxi organized 50 peasants to run an open-pit gold mine on a tributary of the Yellow River.
I think this case will have the same effect on domestic violence."
The material was released today by the Senate Ethics Committee.
The American Legion had been negotiating for months with Mr. Harwit and his associates at the Air and Space Museum over the text of the exhibit.
We'll do whatever it takes to win as long as it's within the rules of the game."
Both publicly regret the apparently large number of civilian casualties and Croatia's mistreatment of U.N. peacekeepers.
"There was a sense that Powell was someone capable of creating a dangerous situation," Mr. Schrader said, "and of making a dangerous situation worse."
Why was the VH1 awards show so desperately in need of sweetening?
As a first step, the Health Department had planned to issue 50 permits in each borough outside Manhattan last week, prompting long lines of vendors who were willing to wait days to escape the sometimes exorbitant rents they now pay to corporations.
The British pound also gained slightly on the dollar, closing at $1.5548, compared with $1.5482 on Monday.
In addition, a public relations consultant has begun advising the board.
"But there are rules and real life," he said, "and sometimes you have to give something to get something."
"There have been a small series of bilateral irritants, one of which was the documents," said an American official who follows events in Haiti.
Even if votes were stolen and his subordinates were involved, as Mallory's hard evidence seems to indicate, Lockwood believes he is the people's choice.
The wandering soccer field -- $80,000 worth of artificial turf that the Norwegian Government gave to Red Hook, where teen-agers promptly set it on fire -- was next offered to Bay Ridge, where the community board, afraid of congestion and general mayhem, decided not to decide till February or so.
He will join the Rams in their expected move to St. Louis, where he was rookie of the year in 1966.
Prosecutors never had much difficulty securing convictions in the killing of Etta Ann Urdiales, a 25-year-old paramedic shot to death in a Houston suburb nine years ago.
He won that first night and went to wrestle in Australia the next year.
"It's more like going to the cinema, where you choose your own seat," Ms. Badger said.
But like it or not, the 1996 contest has been in full motion for months, and is about to burst into public consciousness.
NEW YORK CITY TALKS WITH SCHOOL DRIVERS AT IMPASSE Talks to avert a threatened strike by school bus drivers broke off without progress and school and city officials distributed the contingency plans for transporting 150,000 children to and from school.
's to invitations that come with or without her last name, which is Chopin but which she hardly ever uses.
Asked how that was not going backward, McMorris said: "It's not going backward because it's only one piece of the Usery proposal.
Last Sunday, they popped in for one last round of shopping at the old place (which will become a Chinese restaurant), to get a peek at the new one and to pose for snapshots with longtime employees.
But it's a long, hot season.
The Toyota Motor Corporation said its sales volume was down 7.5 percent, to 77,635 cars and trucks.
The position contrasts with the Yankees' fan-friendly promise to slash ticket prices by 50 percent for games with replacement players.
Indeed, it is widely believed that Government tax and spending policies along with monetary regulation by the Federal Reserve have been thrown off to some extent by misleading data.
Brittney's appeal, Settle v. Dickson County School Board, No.
The three-year terms of three of the gubernatorial appointees have expired, meaning that Mr. Pataki is free to replace them at any time.
"We've tried all those other things and they have not worked, so we are going to have to be very strong.
"I can't answer that," said Ms. Leigh, who was married to Tony Curtis when she made "Psycho."
His study habits improved, and every summer he worked at his father's construction and demolition business in Uniontown, Pa. After graduating in 1973, he began working full time with his father.
TORONTO ARGONAUTS -- Released Mike Campbell, offensive lineman; Tony Tighe, offensive tackle; Tim Jackson, linebacker; Taly Williams, free safety; John Thornton, defensive tackle; and Dennis Collier, Zac Odom and Mike Wright, defensive backs.
The Bach Aria Festival and Institute at the State University at Stony Brook, L.I., now in its 15th season, has been examining Bach's position in the 19th century -- particularly in America -- in panels, workshops and concerts.
Remove the paper and the weights and bake for 2 minutes more.
"That way, you can eliminate a lot of people you don't like -- with heart attacks.
In the eyes of South Africa's new Government, that $15 is a triumph.
For an actor, seeming to be other than what the mirror reveals in the morning is critical.
Could you give a little more detail on who that is?
George A. Marquart, general director of the Polaroid-owned company that imports its cameras and film, complains he is undercut by competitors who bribe customs officials.
If one person is good at having bills paid on time, the other should cede that task.
Reception today at 3 P.M.
More debatable is the President's description of what actually occurred outside Waco.
There have been other dividends from the artists' presence.
Besides his brother, David, of Santa Monica, Calif., he is survived by his wife, Maggie; two daughters, Janet Solomon of Philadelphia and Elizabeth Marks of West Hartford, Conn., and a grandson.
The second question: If you win, can you collect?
Michelle Ann Miller, a daughter of Patricia and Ronald Miller of Chicago, was married there last evening to James Scott Keller, a son of Jacqueline and Dr. Barnes Keller of East Brunswick, N.J.
In his demonstration, Detective Mancusi went through the basic steps, starting by having his visitor look through mug shots of convicted criminals, all but one of whom looked cartoonishly mean.
"You can't have an agreement unless the players approve it."
Roasting Representatives Robert K. Dornan and Barney Frank, even Speaker Newt Gingrich, Mr. Bono talked for half an hour, rambling a little but drawing sporadic, enthusiastic applause.
It is difficult to reduce taxes at the local level when somebody else tells you how much you have to pay your employees.
It is a chance, before the harsh reality of classes sets in, for new students to get to know the place where they will spend the next four years.
Rather, they described him as an enigma, a rich man who does not care that he is losing money -- possibly millions -- by not reaching an agreement with them, a self-described socialist who speaks repeatedly of offering them a "social experiment" at the Box Tree but never quite explains what that means.
10 P.M. With the party in full swing, Ms. Viator, fielding crises, has still heard nothing.
I'm not in a hurry.
Should the senate fail to approve one of the President's three initial nominees, the power of appointment returns to the President alone.
Surely, there is a writer out there who can find some original wit in romantic relationships that are not between members of the same sex, the same family or different species of the animal kingdom.
Fine Line has also been able to turn the underdog film's battle for a best-picture nomination into news.
Still, Esiason, who has been there, grabbed Brister and hugged him in consolation as the Colts celebrated.
They have always played in the shadow of the Giants, whom they meet in a preseason game at Giants Stadium on Saturday night.
The worst terrorist attack on American soil has left many of the 25,000 people who work downtown here thankful that they escaped with their lives but struggling to save their livelihoods.
"I'll be going out with my friends to a church on Christmas, because my girlfriend has never been to a church," said Makiko Mori, a 23-year-old woman working for a transport company.
"Sure, he's a partner, but it's not a big firm.
The result of six months of interviews by Mailer and his colleague Lawrence Schiller with about 50 Russians is "Oswald in Minsk With Marina," the roughly 350-page self-contained "Volume 1" of "Oswald's Tale."
Recently, though, residents and storeowners have complained that the men are intimidating to passersby and customers.
Y N Y N House 1.
But today, Mr. Fava will announce that Passaic is the first county in New Jersey to use an automated notification system, which can dial a victim's number at any time and deliver the message in English or Spanish.
Coach Nevio Scala said: "Juventus deserved this title.
NEW clues and theories are illuminating one of the most inaccessible and enigmatic parts of the planet, its inner core, suggesting that this mass of solid iron has a crystalline structure that may be responsible for a series of magnetic riddles observed at the earth's surface.
"Look, Robbin, it's the same price as your Prada purse," he said.
The coffins are used in everything from traditional burials of African chiefs, in which local religions figure prominently, to virtually all manner of Christian burials.
But even Mr. Packwood said this weekend that he believed a tax cut of some sort was possible this year.
Some yearbooks do cost more.
If she doesn't learn to start eating again, she could die.
Numerous listings contain floor plans and color photographs.
But he, like other Westerners working in Kiev, also saw the highway intrusion as business as usual; it was the city's way of taunting Maculan, the Austrian real estate development company that manages the building complex.
And he was sure that it was too late to even consider it.
Pepsico Inc. will invest $55 million in a snack-food unit of Foodcorp of South Africa.
Saturdays, 8 P.M. Il Giardino Restaurant.
But they fear they are becoming the buggy-whip makers of American journalism, accessorizers to a business -- newspapers -- that is the industry's horse-drawn carriage.
Many Chechens moved out to live with relatives in the villages, though some are beginning to return, to try to sift through the rubble and reconstruct their lives.
She was 19, the three-time defending champion of both the Australian and French Opens and the two-time defending champion of United States Open, which starts next Monday.
The Capitals have brought up defenseman Sergei Gonchar from Portland to replace him.
At a news conference outside the Foreign Office this morning, Mr. Hurd faced a battery of cameras, squinted into the sun and denied that he was, as one questioner put it, a "sacrificial lamb" to the Tory right.
Racial relations are also examined in TWO NATIONS: Black and White, Separate, Hostile, Unequal, by Andrew Hacker (Ballantine, $12), which has been expanded and updated.
It was only when Fehr commented on the matter last weekend that clubs understood they had a potential problem.
Readers wishing corrected copies of the tables may write to Production Quality Control, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, or telephone (212) 556-1992.
"The mean annual percentage of possible sun at Mission Dolores, a San Francisco reporting station in the northern part of the peninusula, is 66 percent," Mr.
"Everything seemed to be running fine.
Double rates start at $325, including breakfast, tea and dinner.
He feels as if he has just stepped from a Yugo into a limo.
"We had been looking at Roosevelt on and off for a long time," said Thomas E. Sobol, who urged for intervention in Roosevelt when he was Education Commissioner.
A Brooklyn man was stabbed several times in the hand and arm yesterday when he tried to break up a knife attack in a midtown Manhattan subway station, the police said.
9 in the draft to acquire one of the top defensive linemen -- perhaps Kevin Carter of Florida, Warren Sapp of Miami or Mike Mamula of Boston College.
Villagers here said they were awakened at 4:30 this morning by the sound of small-arms fire.
It will be the way it's always been.
In a small but disturbing echo of the "boat people" crisis that spurred the American intervention, a trickle of Haitians hoping to improve their fortunes is again taking to the seas: The Bahamas recently intercepted several rickety, overcrowded freighters, and a vessel with more than 300 aboard sailed into downtown Miami early this month.
But she did enjoy spending the night alone on a bed behind a velvet rope, unable to sleep.
The new magazines found in their market research that most acculturated Hispanic people -- immigrants who had been in the United States for more than 10 years, or second- and third-generation residents -- often used Spanish as a second language; English was their first.
Like these bands, Rancid injected ska rhythms into its punk songs, hitched its rebellion to pop melodies and wasn't afraid to mix politics and play.
The downside of this arrangement is that it always depends on some degree of misunderstanding.
Bf6 35 Qf8 mate; 34 .
It has been disheartening for him to listen to players complain about free agency.
Other items, like bracelets, represent jewelry as protective gear: the leather bands worn by ancient warriors and the metal cuffs of suits of armor were sometimes decorated with jewels.
Imports have played a rapidly increasing role in the competitive Japanese market for the last decade.
It calls on Mr. Nunn's two trademark qualities: his skill at making a complex text accessible and immediate; his love of scope and size, represented in Tom Stoppard's play by a stately home peopled with characters from both the 1800's and the 1990's.
And without pictures from the courtroom, there would be no round-the-clock tumult, no substitute for the soaps, no nightly highlights, no star turns for witnesses and lawyers.
Though the noun rap dates back to Middle English, with meanings ranging from "a sharp blow" to "a rebuke" to the undeserved reputation of "a bum rap," a criminal charge that is sometimes beaten, the slang or colloquial verb is a product of recent black English, especially in the music world.
Last year, every one of the varsity teams had a winning record (combined mark was 406-178-12).
"We saw the steers near this fenced-off area," Sergeant Musso said, "and we decided to cut them off and steer them into it."
For 90 intermissionless minutes or so, he talks about, among other things, the joy women take in shopping, which men loathe, and the way men bond by exchanging obscene names (women bond by gossiping).
Almost all of Englewood's white and Asian parents, including a substantial and growing population of Orthodox Jews, have simply opted out of the system, sending their children to private or parochial schools.
But by most accounts, the Gramm amendment will be voted down.
Although Ms. Albright was unable to save language that in effect would have invited nations to impose sanctions on Nigeria, she joined the resolution's co-sponsors anyway.
The state-owned network ran it at cost.)
Now I'm the biggest optimist on earth."
Mr. Young was born in Paris on Nov. 3, 1905.
Baseball has been Anderson's life.
The movie, which sees the world mostly through Martin's eyes, implies that Simon, who looks older and talks tougher, is more likely to end up a hardened criminal.
He opened one of the frayed, olive-colored ledgers where he has entered the names of the thousands of Sarajevans, including his own son, killed since 1992.
Seasonal fishing permits for boat owners are $15.
At first sight, the problem is easily solved.
That team was unbelievable, and that was a big part of my growth process as a player.
"When you're let in the hospital the night before you're supposed to have spinal surgery," Holtz said, "a lot of things go through your mind."
This is the work of the Church; this is the work which the Holy Spirit will accomplish through all of us, if only we will heed the truth he reveals and be confirmed in goodness.
But in the absence a drug-free society, Dr. Moses said at a news briefing, people have to look past what is ideal to what actually works in stopping the spread of H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS.
Advertisers include the General Motors Corporation, the Ford Motor Company, Apple Computers Inc., Georgio Armani and Tiffany & Company.
Showalter can live without his pinstripes.
On the walls, diplomas by the dozen attest to tradition.
PITTSBURGH PIRATES -- Agreed to terms with Jeff King, third baseman, on a two-year contract.
The musicians knew so much more than the people holding tickets, and weren't letting them in on anything.
The main part of what we do will continue to be classical music.
We approached Mantua on the slow road where the outskirts dwindle to auto repair and industrial concessions.
The Air Force did find, however, that some engine components exceeded bonding specifications without jeopardizing aircraft safety.
In Asia, the Internet Could Cut Two Ways The cyberspace revolution's impact will be felt most intensely in authoritarian nations of Asia, the continent that is home to the world's fastest-growing economies.
ANDY NEWMAN 21 Egg Plate Diner, 10th Avenue and 18th Street, Paterson.
The general rule for using these products is one tablespoon per gallon of water every two weeks or so.
"I will insist until my death that clothes be modern."
Will Branford Marsalis ever end his agonized dance with popular culture?
Rabbit Baked In a Mustard Herb Crust Total time: 45 minutes (2 to 3 hours marinating) 1rabbit, cut in 8 pieces.
But the Government said at least two women accused of murder would not be freed because President Ezer Weizman refused to pardon them.
The primary beneficiary of Sybase's difficulties has been Oracle, which is the leading provider of software used to store and retrieve the vast amounts of information in corporate data bases.
"Other characters got postcards from him," Ms Packer points out.
Listen, folks, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret.
At the center of the film, which opens today at the Joseph Papp Public Theater, is a scrawny young bakery assistant, Boualem (Hassan Abdou), who impulsively steals a loudspeaker that has been blaring fundamentalist polemics at night and keeping him awake.
"Tell me, do they have any about computers yet?"
Bf3, it would have been suicide to play 28 Ne5 and walk into 28 .
The press has been having a field day with this but it must be said that Mr. Redwood has been giving them material to work with.
They see the situations happen on their blocks."
But she never questioned where her own heart belonged.
"In lacrosse, it's a lot easier to get get hurt than most sports."
On a stretch of road running 15 miles on either side of the fishing village of Pescari, where the fumes of gasoline are overpowering, United Nations monitors estimate that there are more gas stations than in all of Bucharest.
doormen, concierge, dining room, 2 terraces, Central Park view; common charge $1,487; taxes $11,527, listed at $2.2 million, 17 weeks on market (Broker: Feathered Nest) FORT WASHINGTON $116,000 180 Cabrini Boulevard (Castle Village) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,300-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; part-time doorman, dining foyer, Hudson River view; maintenance $833 including utilities, 45% tax-deductible, listed at $145,000, 17 weeks on market (Broker: Simone Song Properties) SOHO $460,000 140 Thompson Street 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,400-sq.-ft. co-op in a loft building; elevator, high ceilings, h/w floors, wooden columns, west exposure; maintenance $1,128, 80% tax-deductible, listed at $495,000, 13 weeks on market (Broker: Eychner Associates; D.J.
The drug list included Amoxil, an antibiotic; Lanoxin, a heart medication, and Seldane, an allergy treatment.
Others looked as serious as the sports announcers on Monday Night Football.
Here it had to assume that, as Mr. Masson alleged, Ms. Malcolm never made any notes.
"This is the purple border," Mr. Nicolson said, pausing to admire a group of deep purple irises blooming among wallflowers and tulips, columbines and hardy geraniums, clematis and a smoke bush.
At the lowest level are those souls trapped in cages of their own hatred.
Mr. Long and other New York analysts speculated that Oppenheimer would sell for at least 1.5 times its book value.
Living longer is all well and good, of course, but they never tell you how much longer is longer enough.
"If you are a Marxist or a Socialist, you must look at the realities of the situation, not what you imagine to be there," he said.
After five years of study, William Weigel earned a master's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Louisville in May.
In the last paragraph, the time should read "at midnight," not "at 12 o'clock."
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And they will come in and get you if you're lost, right?"
Mary, identified as a fifth-generation cultist, says she was placed in a locked psychiatric ward, kept from friends and relatives, dosed with drugs and constantly interrogated.
Kovalev is still early in his fourth.
In performance, Ronny Graham ("the world's oldest living Bolshevik, considerably older than 90") and Christopher McCann (Yegor Tremens Rodent) hit the highs and lows of absurdity.
I gave her aspirin and nivaquine, but then she just died."
Because they were neither German citizens nor refugees, the 11 Americans were ineligible for the lifetime monthly damages that West Germany began paying in the early 1950's.
Susan Spivak, a lawyer and former law professor in Los Angeles who is closely following the case, said Mr. Kaelin "comes off as a very credible guy who doesn't want to hurt O. J. if he can avoid it, but whose not going to lie to help him."
Diana Chin Hsu, a veteran Chinese journalist, novelist and poet whose writings on love, suffering and tragedy are read throughout Taiwan, Hong Kong and Southeast Asia, died on Wednesday in Queens.
In August, there will be Nickelodeon's "Tales From the Whoop: Hot Rod Brown, Class Clown," starring Whoopi Goldberg.
The retrospective will run through March 26.
King Sihanouk made the appeal at the inauguration of a French project to renovate the 11th-century Baphuon temple, part of the sprawling Angkor complex.
But the appearance of as many as 75 season tickets -- generational heirlooms through Giant thick and thin -- is a sudden flood of unexpected opportunity for the 10,000 to 20,000 people who have bided their time for years on the Giants' waiting list.
We think it necessary to revisit the issue here.
On Wednesday, at a news conference with the Mayor, Mr. Levine said the companies were "sucking the blood of the Board of Education."
When that tack appeared to fail, when talks with a diminished Gourdine broke down Thursday night, Stern tried his power game, like Stockton going inside to Karl Malone.
These issues of self-definition have accompanied American music for nearly 150 years, always leaving the way open for continued fractious debate and continued hopes for better times.
He is preparing an appeal.
I'll give it to her tomorrow.
I'd never encountered this before."
He remained in Washington as a lobbyist.
Even longtime Hollywood executives and producers who remember other films with swollen budgets are astonished that Universal has allowed the project to balloon.
Mr. McClinton has an unfortunate knack for locating the anticlimax of any scene.
"The reports of our demise are premature," he said.
On Monday the dollar plunged to an all-time low of 80.15 yen in Tokyo before recovering.
the food it's held for my imagination.
His brother, Wes, was a major league pitcher, winning 193 games in 15 years.
The money was raised to organize the course, to produce videotapes and to beam it by satellite to colleges around the country, where students could take it for credit.
If Maggio said she had exercises that would give me wider eyes, higher cheeks, a plumper mouth and a firmer chin, I was willing to suspend disbelief.
His colleagues saw the pioneering proposal as a threat, and Dr. Codman, a wealthy Brahmin, had to start his own hospital.
Mr. McGrath said the teacher's order was another violation of procedure, because girls are not supposed to go to the bathroom unattended.
KITTY CARLISLE HART Chairman, New York State Council on the Arts I try to go to events where I feel that my being there can do the organization some good.I missed Robert Wilson this year, but he didn't need me; he had most of the glitterati of New York at his performances.
But such bullishness seems in conflict with trends in the bond market, where prices fell for the third consecutive session on interest-rare concerns.
"I remember a game at Ottawa.
To compile a vintage chart is to paint in broad strokes.
So did an anthropologist, Jack Kugelmass, who spent five years studying the Intervale center.
Four years later, 20 photographs by the younger Weston were included in "Film und Foto," a landmark exhibition of Modernist photography in Stuttgart, Germany.
But the trend is not unstoppable.
Companies would be able to advertise on the radio, interrupt your dinner with telephone surveys or hand out fliers to assess your interest.
The killing unnerved residents of the 19-story apartment tower at 880 Boynton Avenue in the Sound View section, a neatly kept, federally-subsidized building that is home to mostly middle-class families.
That meant the buses were subjected to the same standards applied to American-made tour buses, and they miserably failed the test.
ALBERT BILDNER New York, N.Y.
that the agency had initially distorted their findings to strengthen the relationship between the residue of the trade center bomb and chemicals found in a storage locker used by the convicted men.
And we've gotten a direct message from this school: they don't want us here."
She leads three others by one stroke.
Common * Amylin Pharmacueticals Inc., San Diego, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to sell three million shares.
Network-news fans can hardly help noticing the profusion of labels for stories that do not quite fit into the usual dinner-time rundown of the day's events.
This year it worked out for Tom Osborne.
And think about drought-tolerant plants for next year.
One of the juiciest is the department's Advanced Technology Program, which awards "seed money" to companies to pursue risky high-technology ventures.
He has obtained a copy of "Les Miserables" and, if they read it to him, he will drive them in his truck to the Swiss border and safety.
All the Arab families of Hebron, Nablus and Jenin are celebrating.
But perfection is the exception in this year's fall harvest on many of the small farms that stubbornly persist amid the spreading arc of suburbia around New York City.
Braves 3, Cubs 1 At Wrigley Field, Tom Glavine (13-5) allowed five hits in seven and two-thirds innings to lead Atlanta to its seventh straight victory.
University of Alabama officials said there would be no problem meeting the Thursday deadline to notify the National Collegiate Athletic Association that the school will appeal sanctions imposed for rules violations in football.
Her latest album, "Loring Park," is named for the Minneapolis park where Mary Tyler Moore fed the ducks in the opening sequence of her old television show.
But he is realizing that he needs to learn technique -- especially how to offset an opposing lineman's clutches -- something he rarely needed when he played at the small college of Central State of Ohio.
Mr. Dick is the Government's No.
Language could be displaced from context in the same way objects could, and in the process take on new meaning, new mystery.
Prosecutors say Mr. Lai came to full power in 1986 after ordering the murder of two men who provided security at a gambling parlor.
Last night, as the investigation went on, Lieutenant Schiebel's wife, Valerie, kept a vigil at his bedside, together with their children, Carol, 19, Kristine, 15, and Gregory, 11.
Eagles running back Ricky Watters was held to a season-low 13 yards on 12 carries.
Although some of the 100 foreign companies that have begun operating in East Shanghai complain about high land prices and insufficient electricity, many people are deeply impressed by the amount of construction that has already been accomplished.
I don't know if he has figured out his life yet -- his assistant said he didn't have time to return my phone call -- but I suspect that his hiatus enabled him to glimpse the true mathematical equation: The Number = A Little More.
The Golden Griffins, who are 2-0 in the the M.A.A.C., have already defeated Pennsylvania, Cincinnati and North Carolina-Charlotte this season.
Yet it cannot be said that dancing came easily to him, though perhaps it came more easily than anything else.
Mrs. Morgan, 31, spoke today at Suffolk County police headquarters after the police announced that two young men, seniors at William Floyd High School in Mastic, had been arrested on Tuesday and charged with kidnapping, robbery and illegal use of a firearm in the case.
NEW YORK CITY INDICTED OFFICER FACES NEW CHARGES A Bronx police officer indicted in the death of a Florida man is facing new police administrative charges after the Civilian Complaint Review Board found evidence that he slapped and choked a 16-year-old boy for joy-riding in a go-cart 18 months ago.
Dr. Barbara C. Wolf, the director of anatomic pathology at the Albany Medical College, said that based on her review of crime-scene photographs and autopsy findings, she believes that the two suspects "were prone on the floor at the time of the shootings."
The report, prepared by KPMG Peat Marwick, found that the Grand Central Partnership and 34th Street Partnership, in addition to volunteering staff time of their executives, had made "certain expenditures" last year on behalf of the Jersey City project.
In thinking of their own best interests, the owners have stumbled on what was right for the game, too.
The judge did say the protesters must start after 8:30 A.M., limit their numbers to 10 and keep their voices down.
Under the city's conflict-of-interest rules, community board members are not barred from "having an interest in a firm that may be affected by" the board's action.
Under recently enacted legislation, the state Board of Regents has the power to oust the school board if it fails to improve the schools.
"I was exotic," he said.
In both cases, Ms. Sulkes had already canceled all her credit cards.
"Crumbs," which was commissioned by Second Stage as part of a program aimed at teen-age audiences, in itself has an adolescent quality, suggestive of a playwright still struggling to emerge from studied imitativeness into her own mature voice.
Once I had explained the type of cruise it really was, some declined, others signed up immediately.
The joint venture would also be prohibited from owning a public data network or any other "monopoly assets" owned by France Telecom or Deutsche Telekom, until the competitive barriers are removed in those countries.
His new assignments did not permit as many idiosyncrasies as before, but the rich colors still glowed.
The subcommittee suggested instead that students attend a branch of another county's community college, which could be located in Cape May County.
"He had no national honor."
"I don't have the greatest hands anyway," he said.
Mr. Houston's job was to tell the agency what it could do under American law -- and, more rarely, what it could not.
The notice warns people to leave the woman alone.
Now South Korea is politically free and economically burgeoning and is arresting past presidents on charges of corruption and massacre.
"And they indicated the past was past."
The Stella Maris Inn, (800) 426-0466 or (809) 338-2050, fax (954) 359-8238, offers access to scuba diving, snorkeling, bone, reef and deep-sea fishing.
Mr. Zayas and about 300 other Puerto Rican workers live at the former 150-room motel just off a busy thoroughfare here where the faint outlines of Quality Inn bleed through the bright yellow paint recently sprayed on the doorway canopy.
"Our problem is stagnant wages -- America needs a raise," he said.
And the bill doesn't really do anything to promote work.
Alvin, in turn, accepts Heidi's smoking and her strong opinions.
And how was it kept al dente?
Adam Graves, who scored the first goal against the Penguins, thinks that Campbell's analytical approach will prove helpful.
Hollywood has put it on the screen and novelists have put it into paperback thrillers.
EXTREME ABC, tonight at 8.
It was the Mets' first victory of the spring and, one day after ripping his players for a poor work ethic, Green was pleased with the comeback.
A Brooklyn teen-ager was charged with second-degree murder yesterday after the police said she stabbed her mother to death with scissors in the family's Starrett City apartment on Saturday.
The latter two were accused of smuggling at least nine of the women held at the brothel.
How lethargic was St. John's?
Littlefield Adams, based in Sturgeon Bay, Wis., prints and distributes leisure wear like sports caps, jackets and pennants.
The resolution's supporters acknowledge that they face a struggle, while opponents express confidence that they can kill the resolution or deflect it by changing its wording.
That's not a bad record for a formula family comedy in which the ending is clear from the start.
The clothes went over well in other boutiques, and the two women won the backing of a silent investor to open their shop.
He rendered Boston hitless for the first four innings, allowing just one base runner, on a walk to Terry Shumpert in the third.
He attributed the slow growth of the Personalink service, and with it sales of Magic Cap devices, to internal problems at AT&T.
As a result, Mr. Alexander is still struggling for recognition, here and nationally.
On either side, fellow addicts crouch in their own pitiful isolation, ignored by the police and passers-by.
The anemic public interest has touched almost every franchise, including some of the most successful at the turnstile in recent years, like Toronto and Baltimore.
Traditional shad cookery will be demonstrated.
On July 8, Stephen Hawking will join the Aspen Chamber Symphony, conducted by Lawrence Foster, in a collaborative program with the Aspen Center for Physics.
Jim Edgar of Illinois, Brenda Edgar.
You don't know when and you don't know where, but you can sense the electricity."
Mr. Kelly, who had pleaded not guilty, failed to show up for his trial date on Feb. 17, 1987, and eventually fled the country.
The suspect, Ayub Afridi, was arrested and charged with importing 50 tons of hashish into the United States between 1983 and 1988 and laundering tens of millions of dollars in drug profits.
As retail personnel manager at Montgomery Ward & Company he met John Struggles, a founder of the firm that bears his name.
Among those are his stand supporting the right to an abortion, which deeply troubles the Republican right, a potent faction that has not been mollified by his recently hardened stands on crime, homosexuality and affirmative action.
This decorative geometry is the closest the artist gets to Cubism and its beauty rivals that of the window still lifes.
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS Ambassador to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, 1983-85; Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs, 1985-87.
ROBERT S. ALLEY Richmond, Jan. 5, 1995 The writer is a retired professor of humanities, University of Richmond.
But Tonio is a "role for a young man" with the "best of his body power" and a "wild animal voice," Mr. Pavarotti said the other day after a rehearsal at the Met.
Some of the historic places can only be appreciated from the outside, like the quaint old Firehouse, (built in 1884 but "Temporarily Closed for Seismic Improvements"), and the tall, chaste Pico House, a once-proud hotel finished in 1870 that a fund raiser told me would take lots of money to restore.
The enigmatic rebel leader Subcommander Marcos was identified several times as a Jesuit priest, although the Government now says he is Rafael Sebastian Guillen Vicente, a former part-time college professor.
The surprising part is that all three hits were home runs.
The sport bars near Coors Field include the Blake Street Baseball Club, 1902 Blake Street, (303) 298-7994.
Mike Kemp, the spokesmen for an Alabama paramilitary group called the Gadsden Minutemen, said last week that his group had provided the rifle association with information gathered by infiltrating a Good Ol' Boys Roundup in May.
Piniella acted when fans threw objects onto the field after home runs by Ruben Sierra and Don Mattingly.
"I would recommend to the board at that point there is no reason to continue the strike, at least now," he said.
She explained how specially installed lights would bathe two miles of Prague in a warm glow for the night-time shooting and the city would be more spectacular than usual.
Richard Holbrooke has seen the threat to Western values in Bosnia clearly, and pressed for strong action against the aggressors.
The complaint remains under investigation.
He acknowledged, however, that soldiers who either were members of white supremacist or neo-Nazi groups or shared their philosophies could easily hide their views from superiors.
"There is no requirement in this bill we can find for free lunch or free breakfast," said Ellen Haas, Under Secretary of Agriculture for Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services.
Spoon the stew over the rice and garnish with the parsley salad.
The young man crawled carefully out from under the conference table where he had been imprisoned for hours.
Mr. Lacovara, 30, is an examiner with the New York State Banking Department in New York.
"The intent here is to augment care, not to replace it," said Burke Stinson, a spokesman for AT&T.
JAY M. PASACHOFF La Paz, Bolivia
Shelling killed three others elsewhere in the capital.
Later, for the final round of elections on June 19, Mr. Botero allegedly asked Mr. Medina to solicit an additional $4.7 million, which the Rodriguez brothers gave, according to Mr. Medina, on condition that they be sent receipts for the money.
The focus is now the stopping ability of the J train and the spans between the signals, which are supposed to keep trains a safe distance apart.
However, race participants are urged to get two shots: a tetanus shot, to ward off infection from potential cuts from flotsam or jetsam, and a gamma globulin shot, to keep hepatitis at bay.
Shown the entries, a spokesman for the C.I.A., David Christian, said, "It appears any C.I.A.
"I believe that hockey should be played like this."
Otherwise, he's without a job tomorrow."
The only thing wrong with the demonstration was that it was poorly organized and badly supervised.
In the end, all the characters seem to be shallow, comic caricatures, through no fault of the actors.
A NATO military officer who would be involved in carrying out any air strikes in Bosnia said today: "It sounds to me as if the meeting in London was telling Gen. Rupert Smith, the senior U.N. commander in Bosnia, to ignore his boss.
The $40 opera dinners, on the first Thursday of each month in Cedarhurst, will begin on Sept. 7 with selections from "La Traviata," "Aida," "Il Travatore" and "Adriana Le Couvreur."
The earnings were in line with analysts' expectations, and Chrysler stock rose 12.5 cents, to $52.75.
The color range of these fine plants has now been expanded to embrace 15 different solid colors and several cultivars with stars in their centers.
"It was great if I got in one day of practice a week."
The new Mission Control uses a network of 200 computer work stations, each able to perform 120 million operations a second.
For reasons that seem to have more to do with Mr. Finney's passions than with Si's mission, "From Time to Time" is unexpectedly and happily preoccupied with re-creating the theatrical life of pre-World War I New York -- "when Broadway was Broadway" -- from its backstage bulletin boards to its hotel ticket agencies.
To the relief of those involved with the Presidential campaign, little was made of the Clintons' tangled loan history in 1992.
At a news conference this afternoon, Mr. Chapa described a list of circumstantial evidence and the testimony of an important witness that he said proved "without any doubt" that Raul Salinas was behind the killing.
Andras Borocz, a Hungarian sculptor, upsets notions about international character by carving attenuated, African-looking figures out of pencils, bunched together and attached end to end.
"Most school districts select our program."
Mr. O'Farrill, for one, had almost no interest in Afro-Cuban music, though he was surrounded by it; nightclub bills often opened with an Afro-Cuban band and finished with a jazz group.
He enlisted the editors Alice Mayhew and Michael Korda and the authors Bob Woodward, Mary Higgins Clark and Rush Limbaugh.
Yet as Mr. Lanza states elsewhere: "Of all drinks, the Martini (with its pure, undiluted alcohol) is the most pristine high any drink can offer.
One church spokesman, William Ryan, said they came from countries as distant as South Korea, Australia and Japan, with Italy and Poland sending the largest foreign contingents.
In addition to her daughter, of Manhattan, she is survived by two grandchildren.
The park's largest hurdle may be the damage to its reputation from its past problems, said Susan E. Mosedale, director of association relations for the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions.
"You've got to get that through your heads a little bit.
I kept thinking that I was seeing two plays in fact: one a schematic exegesis of ethnicity and romance in the 90's, the other a wilder, much more telling inquiry into love, loss, language and the endless process of self-definition.
Even then, once fluent in his language of grids, Mondrian waited until 1932 before he split a horizontal line into parallel bars, and another decade before giving his lines color, a turn that near the end of his life in New York led to the luminous "Broadway Boogie-Woogie."
To get a license he would have to produce his books and records, and the organization's.
Tickets, $75, from (212) 650-5966.
"It looks to us as if they are only hoping to gain a bit of elbow room in case the Serbs try a counterattack," a United Nations officer said.
Fox's broadcast of the Dallas-San Francisco game generated a 34.2 preliminary Nielsen overnight rating, up 9.2 percent from last year's 31.3 rating, when CBS aired the game.
Coke is bringing $67 million in advertising and marketing dollars to its Hi-C, Five Alive and other juice-drink businesses.
Now the Yankees will prepare to face the future without Don Mattingly.
Analysts said his arrival at Alcatel would reassure the company after a prolonged period of turbulence that culminated in Mr. Suard's indictments.
On Madison Street, the problem dates from 1986, when the church, once Roman Catholic, was sold to its current Baptist occupants, residents said.
(Ages 5 to 9) An author and illustrator who has many imaginary friends selects a few and, using them as characters, describes in text and pictures how she develops a storybook.
But this character's inebriation never became either funny or poignant.
Officials would not disclose how much the agreement could save, pending a ratification vote expected by late September, but an analyst at Merrill Lynch said AMR would likely save more than $300 million.
Unfortunately, most of the attention has been critical.
Tuesday at 5 P.M. Free.
Hospital chains like Columbia and the Tenet Healthcare Corporation would have new opportunities to grow by acquiring weak nonprofit hospitals pushed under by the cutbacks.
The House is set to vote today on the last of three bills that are part of a Republican-sponsored package intended to slash the number of lawsuits that go to trial.
"I don't have a problem with giving these powers to a Democratic mayor."
Let's be clear about one thing: Good friends are hard to find in the post-cold-war world.
(You'll probably want a footnote indicating that you should hit track two on your remote as you read that passage.)
In lower Manhattan they first introduce readers not to the financial district but to the large public housing projects.
Responding to criticism made by a panel of water experts convened by the city's budget office, Mayor Giuliani has also questioned the proposed design and expense of the $600 million plant.
Miller arrived at the hotel at 2 P.M. acting despondent and asked hotel security for medical assistance.
A6 The United Nations will try to borrow from the World Bank.
But the comparison obscures more telling data, indicating New Jersey has been left in the dust of brisk national expansion.
As in urban neighborhoods everywhere that have long been plagued by the dual epidemics of drugs and violence, community leaders and residents of Sunset Park say the distance between the reality of their lives and the numbers put out by the Police Department offer a telling example of the sometimes limited meaning and impact of crime statistics.
Mr. Dusinberre got caught up in some awkward embellishment in the Largo of Haydn's "Rider" Quartet (Op.
Besides his wife, Mr. Dunphy is survived by a sister, Verna Fay Dellheim of Manhattan, a stepson, John Longyear of Manhattan, and a stepgrandson.
But there, looming out at him from the ship's faxed newspaper and from CNN was the publishing season's most ubiquitous spirit, making big news.
"We need a President of the United States of America -- every single bit of it."
Life is hard for those who want to keep the flame burning.
Virginia, on the other hand, has faith in divine providence.
Tens of millions of Americans hold policies at mutual companies.
So that every month we're re-establishing our ties to the people who spend hours talking to the American people."
"But those hopes did not come to fruition, and bonds relinquished those gains," he said.
Many men and women of the cloth risked their lives to protect the refugees, and often lost their lives when Hutu militia ignored the sanctity of the temple.
"This facility was clearly not intended for long-term stays, but the abusive guards and inadequate conditions were the primary factors in the incident," said Stephanie Marks, a lawyer with the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights.
Later they buy the shares back, profiting if they get the shares at a lower price but losing money if the stock has risen.
It was the funniest remark I'd ever heard.
His production company, Guy Television, pays a fee to Pace Communications Inc. of Greensboro, N.C., which sells in-flight programming and magazines to United.
In lyrics, let's declare a moratorium on the metaphorical use of the word "colors," as in "The Colors of My Life" or "The Colors of the Wind."
Trying to minimize the number of patients who would swell its expenses by going to doctors outside its network, U.S. Healthcare also made higher-cost arrangements with several leading hospital-doctor networks in Pennsylvania.
Since the site became a national landmark in 1992, nearly 20,000 visitors have visited the burial project offices.
Mr. Marchisello is married and has three children.
Psychotherapy or drugs for depression?
Events The Concert Association of Florida is bringing Luciano Pavarotti to the Golden Sands Hotel, at 10th Street and Ocean Drive in Miami Beach, for an outdoor concert on Jan. 22 at 4 P.M. Tickets, from $50 to $190, are on sale through Ticket master, (305) 358-5885.
His feature films include "9 1/2 Weeks" and "Wild Orchid."
In Bridgehampton the basketball arrangement was almost certainly irrelevant.
The Bank of Mexico reported the peso's final exchange rate today as 5.48 to the dollar, a slight drop from this morning's opening rate of 5.35.
In addition to his son, Rabbi Teitz is survived by five daughters, Dr. Hadassah Brooks Morgan and Dr. Rivkah Blau, both of Manhattan, Shulamith Resnick of Elizabeth, Abigail Rabin of Englewood, N.J., and Elisheva Goldstein of Teaneck, N.J.; a brother, Rabbi Ellchonon Teitz of Kew Gardens, Queens; a sister, Esther Martin of Nanuet, N.Y., 20 grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren.
Recently, Mr. Newman and Ms. Oltman have been able to focus more attention on the interior.
The Islanders (8-10-3) completed that rare quinella here this evening by dropping a 3-1 decision to an Ottawa squad that was 0-4-1 on the previous 5 games of its now completed homestand.
One neighbor said he saw Mr. Mendez arrive at the store in a white van earlier in the evening to pick up Marvin Caraballo and take him home to Long Island.
Who infused us with the idea that this sort of oppression is O.K.?
Telmex would be able to participate in Sprint's proposed alliance with France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom, the companies said.
Classic "vulture" investors, they bought faltering properties or businesses at cents on the dollar, betting that with a little prudent management and upturns in the business cycle, the value of their bargain-basement purchases would rise.
Mr. Cestaro, the indictment said, is an official in the San Gennaro Festival organization.
This longest undefended border in the world bisects individual lives as well as the Continent.
Nonetheless, the attention was on the bigger stock indexes yesterday.
"AOL lost major points because of their lack of a Web browser, their inability to quote original articles in Usenet News, and because they are the most expensive service," Mr. Kantor said.
It signals a halt, if not an end, to the Clinton Administration's policy of "comprehensive engagement" that was supposed to bring China and the United States together through high-level exchanges intended to embrace rather than isolate the Beijing Government.
IN OTHER GAMES In Honolulu, Jason Sutherland shot a perfect 9 for 9 from the field and scored 27 points to lead No.
There are two key exemptions.
Mr. Butler's embrace of Mr. Wilson was one of the few references to a specific political issue.
For 83 years, the fund has helped charities assist the city's poor, sick, elderly and disabled.
Also, he could ill afford a partisan squabble in Congress during the week he might announce a peace accord in Bosnia requiring American troops abroad.
Bluegrass music is deeply rooted in the Pines.
"He was in my mind.
The economy is recovering, and when the sun is shining you don't buy umbrellas."
"It is really for the employees," said Mr. Dobkin, who oversees Arnold & Porter's collection, which includes works by Sam Gilliam and Gene Davis, and who has shown his own sculptures in 14 solo exhibitions.
"We were not ignoring the works of art; it's the whole package that's important."
In this relatively low-land-cost area new housing can be found in the price range of $100,000 and $200,000.
Maloney has now assembled a promising young goaltending corps.
Riley took his turn today.
"Does he have any money?"
The company plans to ship 27,000 tons this year.
"People know that most people don't want to get involved, and they feel guilty about it.
After a costly trademark fight, he won the right to market a Paolo Gucci line, but the effort died aborning in 1987, the year he sold his interest in the company for $45 million.
"We did the Mahler a few seasons ago, and now we can't afford it," Mr. Taylor said, calling this an unfair advantage for the Westchester Symphony.
With or without the world record, Ivan Pedroso of Cuba is indisputably the world's top jumper.
But the Federal Environmental Protection Agency barred the use of the site after tests determined that the Howland Hook sediments fall into the highest category of toxins.
His recollections of the Chicago Seven trial, presided over by the notoriously unsympathetic Judge Julius J. Hoffman, were reminders of the hysterical irreverence that ultimately helped exonerate his clients, who included Jerry Rubin and Abbie Hoffman.
Crews continued working to shore up the building last night to prevent its corner and one wall from collapsing onto Canal Street.
New Jersey Public Interest Research Group Citizen Lobby and the New Jersey Environmental Federation released a report showing that the state, despite its small size, ranks 12th in the nation in numbers of people who could be harmed by an explosion at one of these plants.
I'm not helping the team, keeping the team in the game like I'm normally able to do.
Emilia B., a Mexican immigrant, and her five children had depended on the salary her husband earned as a mechanic.
"With a lot of work," Benezra says, "I look at it and I feel someone is shaking their finger at me, saying, 'Everything's a mess, and it's your fault and I'm blaming you.'
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Jerry Armer, president of the Cobble Hill Association and a member of Community Board 6, said: "They shifted in late August.
Acura's four-speed Sportshift system -- newly offered this year as a $3,500 option on the NSX-T -- also offers the convenience of shifting from the steering wheel.
Punta del Este is South America's version of Palm Beach or the French Riviera, a place where luxury apartment towers line avenues along pristine beaches and where rows of million-dollar homes with manicured gardens sit in pine forests.
Mr. Pleasence was born in Worksop, England, a town with a name that seemed to foreshadow his career portraying working-class men.
"I don't know what happened exactly," said Tomba, who has been the overall World Cup runner-up three times, but has never won.
NGI Precious Metals, not surprisingly, went out of business in 1990.
But they were too late.
As reporters expected, Tartabull has been typically jovial and greeted them warmly last Friday.
She worked briefly as a nurse but has mostly been in administration or politics.
"It does not foreclose it," said Mr. Forstadt, "but it certainly puts a damper on it."
"Now that we have confessions, it is all clear," the detective said, describing how the intruders used a key to gain entry to the apartment around 10 A.M. and pounded on Ms. Hernandez's bedroom door so hard that it popped a screw from a cheap latch she had used to keep it shut.
And while individual funds have incurred overall withdrawals for the period, the industry has not seen net withdrawals from domestic equity funds as a group in any month since September 1990.
And then a question-and-answer session, with some very personal questions: Are you married?
Mr. Abbott's agreement to cancel the strike spared New Jersey Transit the first walkout against its 12 rail lines since 1983 and ended days of tense uncertainty for holiday travelers facing disruption of train service, especially to popular beach towns on the Jersey Shore, on the eve of the long July Fourth weekend.
In late September, after the university radio station, WBAU-FM, was closed and locked without a formal warning to the station's volunteers and students, an alumnus, Thomas Liotti, a lawyer in Garden City, started organizing a group that consisted largely of radio supporters.
But the Haitian authorities moved to prosecute him, and Mr.
"You're swimming and you have a strong current at the same time you're trying to shoot.
Mr. Hevesi said his office studied areas facing the largest cuts, including welfare, mental health, home health care and hospitals.
That he had many friends there?
Today's vote suggests that there are plenty of votes in the House to sustain a veto.
Negotiating Card The most concrete answer was that there was no guarantee that the Party of God or Palestinian rejectionist groups would not start firing into northern Israel again once the Israelis withdrew.
Then Wallace called out to a groom to "turn him out."
The giveaway "was unprecedented as a marketing event in the restaurant industry," said Ron Paul, president of Technomic Inc. of Chicago, a food industry consultant, "to dramatically increase the number of people sampling their product."
Fred L. Tepperman is suing another former employer.
Signed and activated Jim Havrilla, center.
"All the spring range is being subdivided for golf courses," Mr. Campbell said as a crisp fall breeze rustled through a stand of lodgepole pines in the White River National Forest.
"This is both good medicine and good economics," said Dr. Sanford Schwartz, a physician and economist at the University of Pennsylvania.
Mrs. Vlasto, 30, graduated from Connecticut College.
But in an unusual, high-stakes lobbying battle, Weyerhaeuser executives are now working hard on Capitol Hill to undo Georgia-Pacific's legislative success.
"What we advise people to do is to first check with the local better business bureau," Mr. Bennett said.
At least three aides, including his press secretary, have departed in recent weeks, though Mr. O'Rourke denies their leaving was affected by his plans.
McCartney, 54, is resigning to spend more time with his family.
For most, the weekend was as much a tribute to Blaik, a West Point graduate and the Army coach from 1941 through 1958 (when he retired after another unbeaten season), as it was to them.
The previous record of 34 roll call votes was set on June 16, 1964, during the debate on the Civil Rights Act.
The fans always get their money's worth -- because the day is free.
* Polgat Textiles, New York, to Cadwell Davis Partners, New York, as the first agency to handle advertising in the United States for the Israeli textile and apparel manufacturer.
PRAIRIE REUNION, by Barbara J. Scot.
Two weeks ago, for example, he received the Japan Musical Award.
The middle class, in particular, was struggling with the high cost of living in the county, he said.
And Muster has, of course, roared into this final empowered and entitled by a 34-match, clay-court winning streak that has tied Bjorn Borg for the third-longest such streak in the Open era.
"Before, business O.K.," he said.
"Some are going to drop out."
Every morning I don't know what awaits me."
With Mikael Renberg on their right wing scoring 11 goals since the trade, Lindros plays on what has become one of the league's hottest lines.
The report is particularly hard on Benjamin F. Chavis, who was dismissed as the N.A.A.C.P.
conference center in northern Michigan, where a new generation of labor leaders would, he hoped, "keep the stars burning brightly in the eyes of the U.A.W.
Sal Aurora, the owner, said he was at the register about 12:50 A.M. and four customers were at tables near the window when the attack occurred.
But in the garden, columbine has a noble heritage.
Computer companies can make as much initially from an individual consumer as from a business customer.
Last Thursday, the field, which is about the size of a tennis court and is intended for training, was rededicated and christened with a scrimmage at its new home in Shore Road Park, overlooking Leif Ericson Drive.
Cantor Bernard Fitch is to take part in the ceremony.
Ms. Timms said: "The Mekons' thing is that we don't pretend we're better than anyone else.
Washington had 102 yards receiving for Princeton, while Nakielny had 122 yards passing.
because it suggested the possibility that bureau officials may have destroyed documents to protect themselves and their superiors and lied to Federal prosecutors.
Industry officials wanted to reconvene to register their accomplishments and plan further action.
The most gripping performance of the evening was an account of Bartok's Sonata No.
More than one AT&T competitor is looking forward to the possibility of staff turmoil at AT&T as it competes for vital contracts in the 15 months that it will take to complete the spinoff.
For Mrs. Biggs, an interior designer whose triplex has several terraces, part of the fun of owning a grand apartment is experimenting with plants.
The third of nine children, Ms. Kent was raised in St. Louis, but still speaks in slow cadences that reflect her parents' Mississippi roots.
Amid signs of increasing discord with its allies over the sharp fall of the dollar, the United States was joined today by Germany and Japan in largely symbolic moves to bolster the American currency.
Mr. Kerkorian's investment vehicle, the Tracinda Corporation, controls 13.1 percent of Chrysler shares and filed last month with the Securities and Exchange Commission to lift his stake to 14.99 percent.
In 1986, after further research, Mr. Forman's lawyer, Gary J. Greenberg, filed a second lawsuit charging that the deal had been fatally tainted by gross negligence and conflicts of interest by the Technicolor directors.
For American universities, the issue is now whether to accept the Maryland decision or stall until the Court orders compliance, as it will.
Until May, Mrs. Britt, 32, was the manager of the training department in New York for Chanel Inc., the fashion and cosmetics company.
David Johnson of Queens, who succeeded him in 1961 as the rector of St. Martin's.
And Vivienne has a way of making clothes that don't have a price tag on them.
Still, the Antitrust Division should, if nothing else, see a natural analogy with the bias A.T.&T.
As the weak "reform" package passed by Congress shows, the skeptics were right.
The fifth is Charles Carberry, formerly chief of the securities and fraud unit of the United States Attorney's office during Mr. Giuliani's tenure there.
Even the smallest city or suburban garden can have a few native trees and shrubs to attract wildlife that has fled as its habitats have been destroyed.
My position is, family preservation is good.
For those who think the sun rises and sets on Wall Street, try a little experiment.
Dr. Smock was a lecturer in history at the University of Maryland before he became House historian.
scores are 424 in verbal and 478 in math.
The sounds of the words "verlorne Gluck" seemed to have a special weight in Elly Ameling's recital at Alice Tully Hall on Sunday night.
Sitting in a wheelchair on sweat pants and turquoise-blue socks, he lets out a laugh.
Price range: Lunch entrees $6.50 to $13.95, dinner appetizers $4.50 to $8.95, sandwiches $7.95 to $10.95, entrees $10.95 to $17.95.
plans another session this fall at its academy in Oklahoma City, but technicians in Chicago say they are so short-staffed they wonder how they will spare anyone for training.
Like so many lottery players, the Sheridans had ethereal notions of what winning the big one would be like.
Barbara Walters set the tone for the occasion by noting a "big difference between what the kids are doing and what parents think they are doing."
It remains to be seen whether Ms. Glendon, 56, will prove to be a kind of stealth weapon for the Vatican line, as her critics contend, or represents a new Vatican intention to seek out consensus.
What's more, the commingling of sugar and fat -- chocolate mousse, for example -- is an even more powerful attraction.
It clearly benefits from the fact that it keeps its books in dollars.
But many Venetians choose pizza and beer, about $25 for two.
Houseboy, actor, nervous courtroom testifier?
Mexico's reserves now stand at more than $8.3 billion, up from only $3.5 billion at the end of January.
Nc7 41 Qd7 Qb8 42 Qd6, Anand had won a pawn with great positional advantage.
On the same bill is a wonderful short, Carol Halstead's "Why?"
"The timing is completely unexpected," said Walter F. Loeb, a retail consultant who has followed Kmart, the nation's second-largest retailer, for decades.
The Kimberly-Clark Corporation said today that its board had approved the spinoff of Schweitzer-Mauduit International Inc., its tobacco operations, to its shareholders.
The officials made the remarks at a meeting in which they discussed Mexico's currency problems.
To have to par that last hole to win the Open, that's going to be a challenge for any player."
The departure of Mr. Frank would continue the turmoil at Disney, once one of Hollywood's most stable studios.
The faces in the room after the 102-96 loss Saturday to U.C.L.A.
Even when he used an artificial leg, though, Murray said he usually played without it.
The sandy path along the lip of the cliff is unstable and signs here warn of "Dangerous Cliff Edges."
Without some alternative resolution, implant claims against it could eventually be handled in bankruptcy court.
Mr. Cortines indicated that he would stay on, and signed a contract extension that was to begin on July 1.
More than 60,000 parents and children are expected at the screening, with a live show on a 60-foot-high stage.
Jennifer Darger of Scarsdale, N.Y. is expecting twins and admits to being self-conscious about her rapidly expanding size.
Consolidated officials did not respond to a request for comment.
There were fissures between columns and beams in two unfinished buildings at the Getty Center for the History of Art and Humanities, which was under construction at the time of the quake, said Karl C. Deppe, an official with the city's Department of Buildings and Safety.
2, there had to be some extra money in it for Abbott versus Burke," the shorthand name for a State Supreme Court order to increase state aid to New Jersey's 30 poorest school districts.
The chef gets into full gear at entree time.
Her essay criticized the 50th anniversary "Enola Gay" exhibit at the Smithsonian Institution for what she considers a veterans-only point of view.
Wake Forest lost despite a terrific game from the sophomore center Tim Duncan, who collected 12 points, 22 rebounds and 8 blocked shots.
Is it merely that the sons of prominent men must each have their own magazine (although Irving Kristol is no Jack Kennedy)?
It is slightly more common among boys than girls and most often occurs from two to four months of age, although older babies can also die.
The Raytheon Company said yesterday that it had received a multiyear contract for support services worth up to $632 million from the Army Space and Strategic Defense Command.
"If you make 700,000 rubles ($150) a month and build a 500 million-ruble ($110,000) villa and cannot account for it, that's all -- your service is over, the villa goes to the state, the employee gets a kick in the rear from the police and is tried."
Bosnian Serb forces, defying a United Nations warning issued only the day before, clashed tonight with Dutch peacekeepers guarding the entrance to a beleaguered town in eastern Bosnia.
"They came in at midnight and they're buying a lot of stuff."
But consider that in the last year alone, the value of his stake in Microsoft has nearly doubled, going up by more than $2.5 billion.
As the papal entourage came slowly into view, a buzz of excitement took hold and people began to wave and shout.
The computer simultaneously calculates the difference between the right- and left-hemisphere signals, and uses this value to move the cursor right or left.
Entrance on Sundays, however, carries a charge of $4 (half that for the elderly and students).
Ms. Day takes care to arm Miss Jones -- with a handsome walking stick equipped with a lethal blade -- for her adventures in San Francisco (until very recently "a lawless place").
That previous use also renders the needles blunt, making them painful to use and more likely to damage a vein, something addicts do not like about used needles.
"But when I sing them, I begin to feel happy.
The good news for New York is that Dallas and New Orleans are as far apart as Pluto and the sun.
and "How accurate is the portrayal of fraternities in the movie 'Animal House?'
Mr. Marx, a successful Chicago architect, died in 1964.
These hospital closings will adversely affect the health of all New Yorkers.
In the final scene, the Commendatore reappears not as a singing statue, but as an amplified offstage voice, which turns one of Mozart's most inspired moments, a vocal showdown between two commanding basses, into a melodramatic theatrical effect.
"We've been deceived and defrauded twice now," said Jorge Padilla Maldonado, a bank clerk.
But Mr. Gingrich confirmed that Mr. Murdoch had mentioned a challenge by NBC to his ownership of Fox Broadcasting because News Corporation is based in Australia.
JONATHAN SILVER, Sculpture Center, 167 East 69th Street, Manhattan.
1 Kansas, Oklahoma State (No.
Defining his magazine as "The Journal of Professional Adventurers," Mr. Brown, a Vietnam veteran, has carved out and dominated a unique editorial niche.
Mr. Silver and Mr. Bridges studied tapes or films of their characters to observe posture, attitude and physical habits.
Troy Aikman of the Cowboys and Steve Young of the 49ers suffered serious concussions last season.
The report was prepared by four F.A.A.
There have been many times this season when the Connecticut Huskies have displayed the look of a team destined for the Final Four in Seattle.
Representative Martin Hoke, Republican of Ohio, finally had enough and demanded of the presiding officer: "Is it parliamentary to call the Speaker of the House a crybaby?"
Pastella, traditionally a pigeon pie, is made with chicken, raisins, garlic and spices.
The survey added that "despite tight labor markets in some sectors or regions, wage pressures were described as moderate in most areas."
An oxygen-pressure alarm at the Holmes Regional Medical Center alerted nurses to the cutoff, and they quickly distributed portable oxygen units, Mike Means, the hospital's chief executive, said on Tuesday.
I was sated long before it was gone.
There was the feud with Webber that led to Webber's trade.
It's not really such a big deal To prepare yourself a square meal.
The effect is one of intimacy, particularly since Ms. Janda speaks in a soft, whispery voice as though telling her best friend of her ordeal.
Last year Reggio Emilia was named Italy's most livable city in an annual poll based on economic indicators, housing, crime, leisure and cultural activities, public services and random factors like the number of days residents have to wait for a telephone hookup (6 days in Reggio Emilia, compared with a national average of 10).
But they're not overtaking anyone."
White House officials have said that Mr. Clinton has agreed to a seven-year timetable for balancing the budget only if a compromise can be reached that would protect Medicare, Medicaid and other listed Democratic priorities.
It just took a while to surface."
Contrary to widespread belief, a small amount of that individual's blood does exist.
"As John Gotti once said, 'If it's on the table, eat it,' " she said, referring to the buffet supper that would be served after the performances.
This year alone, though, two N.F.L.
And she worries that Faith will forget her.
VICTIMS SERVICES AGENCY 2 Lafayette Street, Manhattan.
Shea & Gould, which at its peak seemed the epitome of legal prestige and opulence, was not the only firm to dissolve amid partner acrimony.
It would be, its brochure boasts, "the biggest project in history."
In some cases, servicemen vanish into their bases, out of reach of the Japanese police, after committing offenses.
The cause was cancer, said his daughter, Sara Lee Jacobson of Baltimore.
In areas where there are air quality problems, companies might provide the subsidies, or apartment complexes in rural areas might provide prepaid fares as an incentive for tenants.
After the Serbs took Unprofor soldiers hostage, the Europeans agreed to form a tough-sounding rapid reaction force; it turned out to be useless in both mission and strength.
Afterward Gerry Adams, the I.R.A.
Only one lane open from midnight to 5 A.M. on weekends.
"Songs of My People," a photography exhibition featuring 31 African American photojournalists.
The evacuation was called mandatory by the state, but that designates only the severity of the storm.
His lawyer, Anthony J. Pope Jr., vehemently denied the charges and accused the Federal agents from the F.B.I, the Internal Revenue Service and the United States Postal Service of treating Mr. Celester like a gangster by staging the raid with agents wearing flak jackets and carrying guns.
"And the Mayor is ready to close the hospitals," another adds.
Except for his brief appearance at the earlier rally, Mayor Pascrell spent the day inside City Hall, conferring with officials of the United States Justice Department, the New Jersey Attorney General's office, aides, Paterson police officials and community leaders.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 1 A.M. daily.
It will function as a kind of Jesuit parliament, voting on a range of issues on the governing of the order.
"I don't think there are going to be a lot of surprises," Dr. Meltzer said in a telephone interview.
He does most of his computing at work -- he is a partner in a company that makes trophies and plaques -- but likes to use on-line services to look up golf news and to join electronic chat groups.
He has regularly let Mr. Cochran ramble on and provoke prosecutors, particularly Mr. Darden, and cut those prosecutors short when they objected.
"If the patient comes back, fine," said a therapy aide who refused to be quoted by name for fear of jeopardizing her job.
Frank English, a photographer for the Metro-North Commuter Railroad, said that the hardest part of his weeklong convalescence was not being able to talk about the flu.
Their three drives failed to yield a first down, and after a late score by the Jaguars, they even let Jacksonville recover an onside kick.
Takers have been few as a deep recession forced cutbacks by traditional downtown tenants.
You could be thinking about other things.
Mr. Nesmith, who advertises the walks with handmade signs he posts in Sunset Beach, charges participants nothing.
"If they say they don't, they're lying to you.
That life, the movie suggests, is painfully out of step with the beat of the modern world, which beckons by satellite dish and radio.
"We'll know by the end of the week how committed we are," Beard said.
Martin A. Sankey, an analyst at CS First Boston, judges Mr. Jordan's efforts there as "average, at best."
Republican lawmakers skeptical of the value of joint operations with United Nations forces had asserted that reams of highly classified information that could have endangered United States intelligence techniques lay unattended in a vacant office days before United Nations forces pulled out last month.
"There has to be some kind of improvement or what's the point?"
A receptionist at Renco would not forward calls and a reporter was turned away at its door.
Even if Palestinians had to give up some border areas to Israel and resented that, he said, the resulting "separation" would effectively recognize their political status as an independent entity: their deep desire.
For younger people, pop refracts suburban apathy through brattiness, despair and vicarious brutality; it's a food fight at the food court.
But he argued that "after a few episodes, Japan might decide to alter its long-term strategy so that it could be free from such pressure in the future."
Dreamworks had not been born when Mr. Allen first met David Geffen last year at the annual summer retreat for media executives in Sun Valley, Idaho, that is sponsored by Herbert A. Allen, who heads Allen & Company, an investment bank specializing in media deals.
You can either hate the guy for imposing on you, or you can be committed to getting the script right."
He gave his mom a silk scarf and chenille sweater.
Chrysler says any fair comparison will show its vans have a substantial advantage.
Name's the Same, but .
One exception is Walter Armanini, a former cemetery official from Milan who was sentenced to five years and seven months on charges of accepting bribes for grave sites.
The regional Bell operating companies will charge members on their monthly bills to install and maintain an I.S.D.N.
For the six-month period ending March 31, New York Newday's circulation declined by 12.8 percent, or 31,652 to 216,043, compared to the same period a year earlier, although the paper's executives have said circulation has begun to climb again recently.
Running the second leg, Drummond swept into the exchange zone faster than anticipated and nearly collided with McCall.
He is Robert Partano, not Portano.
Although the company is ahead of its business plan in terms of sales, the additional capital will allow it to accelerate its growth, he said.
Looking at the 'White Only' signs, I felt ashamed of being white."
A dressmaker of mixed race hides her "mat of corkscrew curls" under a stylish turban to pass in white society.
Mr. Carl referred all other questions to the association's lawyer, who declined to comment.
They were a young gang without guns, or even a name, and to break the monotony of their lives, investigators said, they hurt homeless people for fun, killing one man and beating another senseless.
So far 15 months of strong economic growth have produced neither rising inflation nor rising wage levels, the principal source of inflation.
That is why the only solution is some variation of the London-Dublin Framework Document, worked out in February, under which Catholics would have to settle for blurry links to the Irish Republic and Protestants blurry links to Britain, and they would both have to accept a blurry power-sharing arrangement, in which neither side would have the upper hand.
Stephon Marbury of Lincoln High School in Brooklyn made 5 of 11 shots for 11 points, and led all players with 10 assists.
SHEILA'S DAY Crossroads Theater Company 7 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick Through Dec. 31.
But if he comes back and beats us Friday night, that's a momentum swing for them and this series could change in a hurry."
The best bet, of course, is to run the company.
Mr. Jahrling, the researcher who first identified the Ebola-Reston virus, gave scientific advice to the film makers early during production of "Outbreak."
Exx Inc. class A and class B stock fell after the maker of toys based on the popular Mighty Morphin Power Rangers reported a sharp rise in first-quarter earnings on Friday.
Monday through Thursday, 9 A.M. to 8 P.M., and Friday and Saturday, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. 250 Broadway, Paterson.
"They are all going to be bad pictures."
Their curiosity turned to anger when they learned that the house was a massage parlor, Beautiful Spa, which advertised in newspapers' classified sections.
Organs removed from the visiting American who was killed -- Alisa M. Flatow, 20, a Brandeis University junior from West Orange, N.J. -- were transplanted today into six patients across Israel.
Since then, the Ventnor Avenue center has reorganized the operation and doubled its nursing staff to four.
Though separated by class and metabolism, they come across as two sides of the same victimized coin.
Another witness said the windows of the affected car were shattered by the blast.
She died there in 1891.
He bought Carte Blanche, the credit-card company.
"The experience of 'House' really hurt me at the time," Ms. Whiteread says.
The recognition software is particularly awful with E-mail addresses.
"From what I understand everybody in baseball is aware of it," said McDowell, who was traded from the White Sox to the Yankees in December.
"I'm expecting great officiating," he said.
The ticket office for both State Opera and Volksoper is at 3 Hanuschgasse, one block west of the State Opera.
Coopers & Lybrand predicted a more modest occupancy increase, from 65.9 percent in 1995 to 67.2 percent in 1997.
You put a lot of trust in 24 guys and they put a lot of trust in you.
Dec. 24, 1955, was "a happy day in town for black folks," said Gary Holmes, who was 12 at the time.
When she retired 12 years ago, she delved into gardening, earning credentials as a master gardener from the Cornell University Cooperative Extension.
This event was little noticed by the outside world, perhaps because the presidential campaign was under way.
"It's been a great year, really a great two years for us," said Hart, whose club was denied a post-season bid a year ago when the players' strike short-circuited the season.
"We grabbed him and swam him back to to the boat, and grabbed another guy.
Elated, Dr. Perl, who is chairman of the faculty at the Stanford accelerator, said he hoped that winning the prize for his work in the mid-1970's would help him get support for current research seeking evidence that the quark can exist on its own, not merely as a component of other particles.
Once inside, we never ceased to be awed by the starred dome, the artistic grillwork that concealed the choir, the stained-glass windows in memory of deceased congregants.
The most graphic images come from other sports.
"Once that meeting took place, the pressure was off," said Jeff Huson, 29, an infielder formerly with the Texas Rangers.
Indeed, Archbishop Jules-Gerard Saliege's protest letter was read twice over Vatican Radio.
Colin Powell figures in this debate as well, both as a black Reaganaut and a self-identified West Indian.
Since 1980, the association's membership has doubled, to 1,600.
To the Editor: Your April 13 editorial "Harvard's Unseemly Haste" calls for Harvard University's president, Neil Rudenstine, to intervene in the case of Gina Grant being denied admission to the freshman class after initially being accepted.
But he noted that in chemotherapy, destruction of white blood cells was more common, which means that demand for a platelet growth factor may not be as high as demand for a white blood cell growth factor.
JULIE GOLD New York "The fact that you don't need a key to use the bathroom is a thousand times better than a gas station.
"It has been a great run for me, but it felt like the time had come to spend more time with my family," said O'Donnell.
The event, at the Roundabout Theater, Broadway at 45th Street, will begin with drinks at 6:30 P.M., followed by the readings from 8 to 9.
"Perhaps, in the end, something like this has some benefit because it provides a healthy dose of sensitivity training in the midst of a hectic political campaign."
"I feel the absolute imperative to establish an independent judiciary here," he explained.
"I don't know what to expect," said Coach Steve Lappas.
Mr. Seyoum's wife babysits for extra income; his children attend public school.
It's just a way for the county to collect more tax dollars from people without actually asking for a tax increase.
Stylists fussed with their hair.
In Texas, the impulse to fight crime by providing treatment has been buffeted by crosscurrents shaped by the different personal experiences and politics of two Governors.
Because Playstation sells for $300, triple the price of slower, older video-game players, Sony figures that the older demographics of the viewers of the Video Music Awards might help reach a more mature -- that is, more affluent -- audience.
Call or visit galleries for advice.
Even after Holdsclaw is gone and the immediate issue settled, the league and the school face a more fundamental challenge in the rapidly changing milieu of women's basketball: Christ the King can become a bit more scrupulous in pursuit of winning; the rest of the league should concentrate a bit more on winning.
In a career that spanned more than half a century, he was president or vice president of six institutions.
But there is no mechanism for determining who will gain property rights or how disputes will be settled.
I have remained a size 16.
A8 FEARS IN HAITI Despite the new United Nations mission of establishing a "safe and stable environment" in Haiti, there is growing nervousness among the population about the future.
The list reads like a letter to Santa, jam-packed with everything from painless commuting and snow-free sidewalks to reinvented government.
When she complained about the rocks, she recalled, officials of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission told her the 18-inch limit was imposed by the state Public Service Commission and that besides, enforcing safety was the responsibility of the Federal Transportation Department.
What has changed is that New York City is now taking significant affirmative steps to insure that the only people receiving benefits are those who are legally entitled to do so.
It was a friend of the Cadillac driver who emerged from the hotel and began barking at Ms. Moorer for writing the ticket so quickly.
Sonny Mehta, president and publisher of Knopf, and Ms. Nesbit waited for him as the bar closed down and the party dissipated.
For example, a brooch always nestled at the point of a modest V-neck.
Christine Todd Whitman of New Jersey and George E. Pataki of New York, who were not quite lost in the sea of senators, representatives, mayors, cardinals, bishops and other dignitaries basking in reflections of the Pope's celebrity, also quipped that the rain was good news for their drought-plagued states.
Tamare, the handsome leader of this band of libertines, describes the virgins' prison as "an artificial grotto" with "glorious underground rooms especially designed for love feasts."
"On key points, he served well and he went for the shots."
To travel from Delhi to Bombay by a second-class air-conditioned coach on one of India's fastest trains costs about $45.
Yet he enthusiastically endorsed the minority's political playbook, incorporating its main ideas into his gubernatorial platform: cut taxes, reduce Medicaid spending, put welfare recipients to work, strengthen criminal penalties.
Mr. Jones harks back to Carl Jung's pronouncement that for patients in middle age, emotional problems finally reduce to the need to find a religious outlook on life.
I learned you don't diminish the value of your relationship with someone if you get rid of something they gave you.
They are investigating how quickly resistance forms and what that means for patients trying to decide among AIDS therapies.
David S. Bennahum: Mr. Gingrich's cyber-revolution.
Even after completing the treatment, periodic booster injections are often needed to maintain the immunity.
The brief interview ended with Howe's being ushered away saying, "It's always got to be a controversy."
Mr. Lozano, the Attorney General, said his investigators had virtually started the investigation over again and had quickly concluded that Mr. Aburto could not possibly have shot the candidate first behind his right ear and then from the left side of his abdomen.
Guinevere is even handsomely outfitted for the story's big deathbed scene, so she delivers some welcome distraction.
A week of shows and receptions, from the spectacular to the intimate, from pink confetti to kosher salt, March 15 to 21.
"Omakase," I said, "we are in your hands."
Trouble is, in Mr. Iyer's finely drawn depiction, Richard cannot remove the distancing lens from his heart.
Charles Dickens's "Christmas Carol" was a further embellishment of the Christmas legend.
A five-day-old cease-fire has not stemmed the tide of Serb refugees, although United Nations officials said the truce seemed to be taking hold in most areas.
* Requests for equipment or services.
Richard D. Bronson, a Mirage Resorts director who has been lobbying to open the Bridgeport casino since 1992, said that the company was likely to submit a proposal but that it would need time to review the 112 pages of criteria that the state released today.
A third site, a 16th-century salt factory on the Giudecca Canal, would be transformed into the Guggenheim Museum Venice, also featuring contemporary works.
Why had General Carns used a provision of the law intended to allow families to bring household workers temporarily into the United States to sponsor a young man who the general said was treated like a family member, not as a domestic worker?
But since 49 percent of ORT is owned by the same major banks and businesses that support Mr. Chernomyrdin, the service seems mainly to favor him.
Sarah Stuart Macaulay Smith, a daughter of Jane S. M. Smith of Washington and the late Thomas William Macaulay Smith, was married yesterday to James David Klingbeil Jr., a son of Sally A. Klingbeil and James D. Klingbeil of San Francisco.
What on earth do you think you can accomplish in Moscow?"
When Turkey invaded northern Iraq to kill Kurds, the United States Government winked.
Mr. Christopher said on Thursday that he saw himself as a facilitator rather than a catalyst in the process.
WFAN and the other stations that air the show view the 29-year-old Ferrall as a stylistic change of pace to talk-and-interview shows like Mike Francesa and Chris Russo's.
The Bosnian state laid out today has two armies -- that of the Serbs and that of the federation.
"I'll Not Go Quietly" is the title of an anthology of Ms. Fisher's speeches due this summer.
The vast majority were businessmen like Chung Ju Yung, a Hyundai executive targeted for opposing Mr. Kim in national elections in 1992.
He has been working with the producers of "60 Minutes" and a program on the scandal is supposed to be broadcast in a few weeks.
From his home in Oxford, Ohio, the 88-year-old Weeb Ewbank, who coached the Jets to their epic victory in Super Bowl III, offered this advice to Kotite, the beleaguered coach: "Keep your chin up.
The conversation confirmed her words.
But is this what we reclaimed the Meadowlands for -- crushing traffic, a monument to baseball's most demanding owner, a home-run factory for an industry with life-threatening labor problems?
(Although well known, this book is difficult to find in bookstores -- perhaps a local library or horticultural group might have it.)
Mr. Lowes had been the Paris-based chief executive of the European food operations of Grand Met, which is Burger King's parent.
The Federal Government has been spending a little more on welfare this year than last, and it is likely to require that the states assume more of the cost.
"The rest of the estate is still in Government possession," Ms. Hart said in a statement.
But while it labeled the emergency treatment "poor and unacceptable," the report by the State Health Department found that the flawed medical care did not contribute to the firefighter's death.
Despite her asthmatic condition, she joined the Y.M.C.A.
Rob Manfred, a management lawyer, said here today the clubs would have to vote on a lockout, but he acknowledged that it wasn't clear whether the vote would have to be a majority or three-fourths of the 28 clubs.
One benefit is that as of January, New York law requires auto insurance companies to provide premium discounts for all vehicles equipped with the feature.
The experts say the the Mayor should go slow and make conservative estimates about what this will mean in the long run.
You have to pull the trigger a different way."
"There has been a constant awareness everything could fall apart at any time," Mr. Fox said.
The dog remembers proposing marriage to his wife, Carol (Nancy Travis).
After two club winners, a club ruff with the heart ten and a diamond ruff, South leads her last club.
The roots of the action in Pennsylvania come from a 1985 ruling by the State Supreme Court.
The Journal article concluded "that doesn't suggest an overwhelming need to lower short-term interest rates."
While the Giants did play well in some phases of the game, the first-half statistics reflected their inadequacies: The 49ers had the ball for 21 minutes 54 seconds to the Giants' 8 minutes 6 seconds.
And it would bar the Federal Reserve from allowing any financial institution to become a primary dealer in bonds of United States origin if these aided energy projects in Iran.
They can still produce the stuff if they want to; they will just have to live with lower ratings."
Charles L. Schultze, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers in the Carter Administration, compares large deficits to termites eating at the foundation of a building.
State officials say that with I-287 widened, it would be too dangerous to keep the Parsippany Road exit.
Under the House bill, media companies could create local video monopolies.
We should be asking about the strategic consequences of a failed United States military mission to Bosnia -- how our future credibility might be affected, for example, by the looming mismatch between our combat-oriented forces and the peacekeeping mission they will have to perform; or how national will might be further degraded by a public turned hostile by high casualties.
Researchers plead that Americans not think of malaria as simply a third-world disease, somebody else's problem, Each year, about 1,200 people in the United States come down with the disease, most of them while traveling in tropical nations.
He gave me his phone number, but as I headed down the hall he apparently had second thoughts.
Later, they begin examining a collection of buttons and shells through a large magnifying glass.
"Where do we go from here?"
For decades, this town was a pariah among Italian places for its role during the years of Fascism as a shrine to Benito Mussolini, the Italian dictator, who was born here on July 29, 1883.
A petition circulated by Mr. Hill, a former minister, which justified shooting doctors, was the focus of furious debate.
He's not a public official; he's not a diplomat.
The selection of schools tends to favor those with a faculty and staff ready to make a commitment of time and sometimes money, though the institutions also aggressively pursue "underserved" communities.
Eric Falkenstein, an economist at Keycorp, a Cleveland-based banking company, said that he doubted that today's figures would dissuade those Federal Reserve officials who believed that the central bank should be cutting interest rates soon.
It can be poured with chicken, with duck, with hamburgers and steak, with pork dishes and pastas.
said its air-express volume surged 26.4 percent in the fourth quarter over the corresponding period in 1993, averaging a record 1.58 million air packages and documents a day.
They suggested that the post-lactation decline in fatigue alone could account for the women's improved mood and sexual interest, since fatigue is known to have an adverse effect on the libido.
Legal and psychiatric experts who followed the trial say the penalty will hinge more on emotion than in the first phase, when guilt or innocence was the issue.
"We want to dispel that myth.
Members of the Police Department's Emerald Society Pipe and Drum Band, a centerpiece of the St. Patrick's Day Parade on Friday, take their music seriously.
AMERICA ONLINE INC., Vienna, Va., an on-line computer service, plans to open a customer service center in Jacksonville, Fla., that will hire 1,000 people in the next two years.
This week is National Handwriting Week, informally observed for the last 10 years.
Being a road warrior means never having to make up your bed (housekeeping is there).
Her father is the chairman and chief executive of the Hughes Electronics Corporation, a subsidiary of General Motors in Los Angeles.
But life is too short.
Prices range from $225 to $350, and up to 30 people can be accommodated.
This crop year has already been disastrous because of drought and insects.
In practical terms, Democrats and Republicans alike said they expected more serious challengers to run against Mr. Molinari -- and against his popular daughter, Representative Susan Molinari.
Today, the company charges $39.95 for the product, though people are invited to download it from the Internet and try it out before paying.
But even with the group's numbers -- it has easily 500 members and a growing checking account -- local officials have seemed unwilling to take up the cause.
The only trick is to qualify.
When the officer asked him to return to his car, Mr. Kandekore assaulted him, the authorities said.
"Having that experience was one of the greatest things in my career.
Jeff Metcalfe, 22, an engineering student at Queens University in Kingston, Ontario, ran, biked and glided on in-line skates more than 100 miles with seven friends who, like him, were unable to find a seat on a bus.
But he denied that there was a cover-up.
"That's the nicest thing anybody's said about me all week," he said.
The real problem, I think, lay in our hazy awareness that Dr. Sacks was using his engrossingly abnormal patients to construct parables about our universal condition -- and that he was doing so without full knowledge or acknowledgment.
Bruce Cholst, a Manhattan real estate lawyer who served for seven years on the admissions committee for his own building, said that what he looked for in a prospective shareholder was an indication of "reliability, competence and a willingness to adhere to rules and regulations."
In 1980, he appeared in the television film "Cry of the Innocent."
Higher Education Special Programs Tied to University In a classroom on the Groton campus of the University of New Haven, 14 adult Pequots -- or nearly one in 10 in the tribe -- began work this month on an education program that will award them, in two years, a degree unlike any other.
He is a son of Prof. Sarah L. Schmidt of Jerusalem and the late Manfred J. Schmidt.
Judge Ito cut her off.
Mr. Roth, clearly dissatisfied, interrupted, "Mr.
Assigned Jim Wawruck, outfielder, to Bowie.
Olive trees are not beautiful and yet they are -- stumpy, majestic, austere.
REBOUNDS KEVIN EDWARDS led the Nets (9-11) with 26 points on 11 of 12 shooting.
Shooting a movie on the Lower East Side can be vexing.
On Jan. 26, he took the unusual step of summoning Pamela Harriman, the American Ambassador here, to his office to discuss the allegations.
If he would forgive me now.
That was the case three months ago, when Intel reported that it earned $879 million in the quarter ended in June.
I said, 'Wow, you've got the coach who the college grant was named after!'
8 A.M. to 6 P.M. Hudson Valley Today THE DIAMONDS, Playland Park, Rye, N.Y.
If there can be such a thing as a heartwarming suspense thriller, then Mary Willis Walker has written a nifty one in UNDER THE BEETLE'S CELLAR (Doubleday, $22.50), which opens with the unnerving image of a group of children buried deep underground in a school bus.
Dr. Myer Mendelson, a retired professor of clinical psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania known for his studies on depression, died on Dec. 25 at his home in Wynnewood, Pa.
The Whalers (2-0), off to their best start in 10 years, play host to the Chicago Blackhawks on Sunday.
From the outset, many lawyers and commentators believed that the peculiar ingredients of the Simpson case -- a racially divided jury, a hugely charismatic and wealthy defendant, and the absence of eyewitnesses or "smoking guns" -- was a formula for stalemate.
And the sarabandes are lingered over with a touching warmth.
And in the office of Roy Disney, Walt's nephew and the company president, housed inside the sorcerer's hat, Mickeys fashioned of bright steel rings, studded with halogen lamps, ascend like cartoon angels into a cone-shaped void of celestial blue.
The report says it may have been as long as 14 minutes before an anesthetist corrected the problem.
At one downtown hotel, the staff was dressed as pop stars, with Madonna working the registration desk and Little Richard parking cars.
The House majority leader, Representative Dick Armey of Texas, set off a dispute on Capitol Hill today when he referred to Representative Barney Frank, one of several openly homosexual members of Congress, as "Barney Fag."
Williams was a first-round pick out of Minnesota by the Giants in 1989.
The racing association maintains that it has tried unsuccessfully since the early 1990's to get Ms. Cortez to sign a licensing agreement.
ESPN set out to exploit its identification with younger viewers by spinning off ESPN2, which tries to reach young male viewers with programming that includes motor biking, Arena Football, indoor lacrosse, roller hockey and volleyball, as well as traditional sports like football and college basketball.
But most often we would go with no particular aim in mind, just to stroll the streets.
In such a landscape, top police officials say, the police in the Bronx have evolved a separate culture, a more aggressive style of policing that apparently makes it easier for them to cross the line into brutality and illegal activity.
The fee will be $2, free to children under 11.
"He was going to think about things and get back to me.
"If they want to sacrifice him like that, it would be the last time.
Health Systems said earlier that the company was not for sale, but its board formed a special committee to review the offers.
The Walkabout Clearwater Coffeehouse in Katonah presents Tom Paxton in a single appearance next Saturday at 8 P.M. Those who arrive at 7 can join a sing-along with the Walkabout Clearwater Chorus.
"It has none of the phony passion of votes when it didn't matter.
squad plays the American Football Conference on Feb. 4 in Hawaii.
Virtually all callers criticized Mr. Mayne's actions, said the agency's spokeswoman, Pat O'Connor Adam.
The Kyoto hall feels like Berlin straightened out, rejiggered into a traditional shape.
"Maybe there's room for a move on interest rates, but not much," said Robert Z. Lawrence, an economist at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.
Senator Barbara Boxer, a Democrat, wants open hearings on Bob Packwood.
After teaching at Princeton and the University of Maryland, he took a joint appointment in 1956 as associate professor at Stanford and manager of gas-dynamics research at the Lockheed Research Laboratories.
To the Editor: Why should a plaintiff, presumably a victim, be allowed to "punish" an offender?
Damian Woetzel, perfect in his partnering and virtuosity, was her willing accomplice.
To hear Marcos, the insurgents draw new hope from the economic turmoil that has followed the peso's sharp devaluation.
And before the Cowboys practiced here today, he did just that.
Expanded and fully redesigned, the Sunday section will offer new features about earning, investing and spending.
Clyde Prestowitz, president of the Economic Strategy Institute, a Washington-based research organization, said the news was "very important because it means they are buying more American parts and that will create jobs here, and because it indicates that despite a lot of denials, targets and commitments we set do have an effect."
The A's bolstered the bulge, so it was.
But all was not as it seemed.
The current average cost of a three-bedroom house in the northern Fairfield towns of Bethel, Danbury and Brookfield, near the new Duracell headquarters, is $150,000 to $200,000.
"New Jersey's egregious devotion to home rule has led to segregated public schools and segregated residential neighborhoods," Mr. Fields said.
In the South, sales rose 3.7 percent last year, including a 9 percent jump in December.
Mr. First carefully controls pitch, and while at times the notes' overtones clashed, they moved into consonance.
Drexler, who finished the first quarter as Houston's leader in points (9), rebounds (2) and assists (2), yelled and charged O'Donnell.
"Interest rates were low and we figured prices weren't going to go down any more."
Eighty-five new phone lines were brought into the room to satisfy the group's voracious hunger for bandwidth.
Brooklyn Brewery is building one in Williamsburg; a brewpub is being built by the Westside Brewing Company on Pier 59 in the Chelsea Piers complex on the Hudson River, and a brewery and restaurant is replacing Reidy's on East 54th Street.
The Finance Minister, Jean Arthuis, said the Government would sell 21 million shares in Pechiney for a total of 3.5 billion to 4 billion francs ($716 million to $818 million).
And had it drawn the predicted ratings, it probably would have lifted the "Dateline" season average by as much as 15 percent and could even have increased NBC's overall prime-time rating for this season, if only slightly.
The police said one of the suspects, Ernest Hill, 28, of 193 Albany Avenue, Brooklyn, was taken into custody on a platform in the station.
A top-three finish at the 1995 national championships will earn him a spot on the team for the world championships in August in Goteberg, Sweden.
We have the telecommunications ability to actually let the people themselves decide if and what kind of gun control they want, and not the N.R.A.
His comments reflected a subdued and confused mood among Israeli far-rightists after the killing, blending a prickly defensiveness with a refusal to acknowledge that their vituperative onslaughts against Mr. Rabin and their frequent accusations that he betrayed them might have inspired Mr. Amir to murder.
Like President Clinton, Prime Minister John Major of Britain and other Western leaders, he is looking ahead to the 21st century rather than back at the defining event of the 20th.
This time, Cordray introduced himself and told the doctor he had been conceived in his clinic and just wanted to say thank you.
Someone is scowling in my direction.
Ivy at the Shore in Santa Monica and The Ivy on North Robertson Boulevard.
From that experience, the Senator maintains, comes a sense of empathy, not revenge, as he guides the Whitewater hearing and faces nervous, sometimes tearful witnesses with their reputations on the line.
Yet, against all hope or reason, readers continue to search the horizon, waiting for a single book to complete our bookshelf, a volume of sweeping, cleansing, impossible consolation.
At times the jazzy side of klezmer gives way to unalloyed American jazz, and at times one hears it with a European cabaret accent, in the style of Kurt Weill.
It was a nice script."
The rear seats recline, with power adjustments, and the room back there is amazing.
That repertory and the full-evening traditional extravaganzas are to be the subject of a major exhibition scheduled for October 1997 at the Library and Museum of the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center.
We didn't appreciate that too much."
What colors do you put on the canvas and why?"
Flyers' Winning Streak Ends Defenseman Adam Burt scored with 2 minutes 30 seconds left in the third period and the Whalers ended the Philadelphia Flyers' eight-game winning streak with a 4-3 victory in Hartford last night.
He was continuing his pursuit of JSP's identity when, he said, "I got lucky."
The company and all of the men except Ernest Grendi agreed to settle the civil charges yesterday, without admitting or denying guilt.
The schools quickly became a test of what for-profit managers could do for public education -- a question that has beguiled any number of educators and politicians in cash-squeezed public school systems across the country.
Federal authorities have concluded that the armed drifter arrested last week on weapons charges in Arizona did not take part in the Oklahoma City bombing, but are hoping that he can guide them through the murky world of Timothy J. McVeigh, one of two men charged in the plot, law-enforcement officials said today.
Wearing a woolen shawl, Mr. Hargrove told a local television station Tuesday night that after his release, he walked for two days before reaching a village, where the residents then drove him to his home in Cali.
But with the Yankees winning last night, Showalter can afford to rest Wetteland on Friday night, if not Saturday night.
"And I'm fine with that.
Mrs. Whitman, as well as Mrs. Donovan and some other Port Authority board members from New Jersey, say they would give their approval only as a last resort after the authority first tried to close its budget gap by cutting spending.
"Everybody enjoys the park, not just people who live nearby," said Chiari Giommi, a storeowner who lives on Central Park South.
Then Mr. Perot touched down at a field office for refueling.
She asked for his driver's license and he said he didn't have one.
"They want to be in a community that shares their values and energy for fringe culture."
"The numbers for that deal were on the table and part of them were taken off and that's where the talks broke down.
In this great city for both politics and art, politics won out this time, as the country's two most prominent fantasy candidates for President, Colin Powell and Newt Gingrich, opened their unofficial, undeclared campaigns for higher office by promoting their hardcover wares.
The Microsoft Corporation and the General Electric Company's NBC unit denied a report yesterday that they were in talks about the sale of a stake in the television network to Microsoft.
I found out there was a record for two guys' playing each other -- 24 hours straight -- but no teaching record."
The museum is part of the Ward Pound Ridge Reservation.
Dan Quayle chose the apt verb, spelled it right and caught a few of us off base.
Mr. Spencer said he quit anyway in disgust.
By using paramilitary groups, the appearance of disorder in Bosnia could be maintained."
's experience with an outside chairman.
Fee Changes On Oct. 1, the Pimco funds will simplify their fee structure so that investors pay two fixed fees, one for advisory expenses and the other for administrative expenses.
Asked why the Knicks seemed to be a different team from the one that lost by 15 points Friday night, Coach Pat Riley said: "They were tired.
He is especially worried about Paul, who has been arrested for shoplifting, and who has fixated on his dog that was run over by a car almost a decade before.
The person standing and talking with Mr. Simpson was Chuck Blahous, Mr. Simpson's legislative director.
The elderly man, a novelist who had a successful first book followed by decades of writer's block, comments on his earlier self, fusses with whether and how to deal with particular points in the story, and also reveals bits and pieces of his more recent life.
Like many hurricanes, this one caused damage arbitrarily.
Both relationships are fraught with sexual possibilities, which are expressed in awkward gestures, not in words.
The school said that mortality rates for newborns weighing two pounds or more at its two public affiliates were equal or nearly equal to those at Mount Sinai hospital in 1994.
Billy Banda, who is 25 and the team's best player, said: "Most of the players on our team right now were so scared to go into town, but that's where basketball was.
Clerk: No, they're due out in June.
It was their way, he said, of countering the "national hysteria" that had led the Government to intern 120,000 Japanese-Americans from the West Coast in relocation camps.
Attendance for the 1994-95 season was 9 million, an increase of 12 percent over the 8.1 million of 1993-1994, according to statistics released yesterday by the League of American Theaters and Producers, the trade association for the commercial theater industry.
Know that you are doing kind deeds every day to make your mother's life better, even if she doesn't know it.
Atjeh and others like him have been vasectomized, tubally ligated or implanted with heavy-duty birth control treatments.
If the verdict is greeted with silence around the world, the murderers in power will feel unconstrained to impose the most extreme penalties.
If baseball's long march is tearing up the mascots, imagine what it is doing to the players.
For a schedule and other information: (212) 925-3440.
9 are the most exciting educational settings of the lot and the single best educational choice we have made for our kids.
Bruins Edge Kings Scott Bailey kept his unbeaten record as a National Hockey League goalie intact as the Bruins beat the Los Angeles Kings, 2-1, yesterday in Boston.
A year earlier the service lost $914 million.
They met 13 years ago, were housemates for five years and then drifted apart -- until one needed a partner to buy a house.
I should ask one day, but I don't want to sound fresh."
The Occidental Chemical Corporation, a unit of the Occidental Petroleum Corporation, said today that it would close a factory that makes plastics for household appliances and auto parts, affecting 150 employees.
Interpreters will be on hand to help with questions and answers.
Devils defenseman Scott Stevens said Primeau was injured when Stevens checked him in the back.
Each school's performance goals would be based on its pupils' progress from year to year.
Even the Government's assertions that publication presented a danger to national security were not considered a valid enough reason to prevent publication.
To get a list of organizers in your area, just call the group at (512) 206-0151.
Many have settled in cheap urban hotels or coastal towns with shopworn boarding houses, like Asbury Park and Ocean Grove.
"The Government may not spend a lot of money on these things, but they can do a lot of mischief with a little."
In blunter terms, the Government is going after newly affluent Cubans who earn money in dollars and other foreign currency, and recognizing that Cuban society is increasingly divided between those who have access to dollars and those who don't.
And he will soon know what it is like to make big money.
Last season, Tillman looked great replacing Rodney Hampton when Hampton got hurt.
Simon Gourdine, the union's executive director, called the lockout "regrettable" but blamed it on the player agents who became involved in a move to decertify the union as the players' collective bargaining representative.
With 250,000 people on the beach, if a storm does come ashore, it's insane to think about it.
A substantial bowl of al dente spaghetti puttanesca ($8.50), with dime-size ringlets of black and green olives and just a touch of anchovies in an airy tomato sauce, will satisfy devotees of this earthy peasant dish.
Beatrice, a girl in the 12th grade at Kaiserin-Augusta-Victoria, admitted to some envy of Americans her age, whom no one holds in suspicion when they sing their national anthem at a collegiate sports event: "Here in Germany you can't afford to make a gesture like that."
School officials say the boys, who are white, conspired months ago to plant the message, each submitting a word or portion of a word which, taken together as a phrase, spell out "Kill All Niggers."
Additional hours on line will be added to the bill.
"She's right; they're growing worse, and a cleaner river could well be the reason," said Dr. John Grande, who heads the research farm and has begun a study to identify and classify various species of insects -- including black flies -- that are commonly called gnats.
Mr. Clinton, who taped his address on Friday afternoon, was at the Presidential retreat in Camp David, Md., today for the holiday weekend.
Faced with bad roads and high trucking costs, Brazilian growers pay $70 a ton.
"We believe earnings visibility has clouded for the next couple of quarters and earnings-per-share growth is likely to decelerate during that time frame," Lori Price, an analyst with Oppenheimer & Company, wrote in a report.
During the elephants' "rock and roll" number, nine of the elephants linked tails and trunks.
It was not Karl's irritation with the inherent conservatism of 1950's bankers that was original but the way in which he figured out how to do an end run around them.
All of a sudden, it just happens."
Some of the more full-bodied whites go nicely with starters like shredded confit of duck set over golden sauteed grits with earthy red-eye gravy.
Dr. Gerald G. Krueger, a dermatologist at the University of Utah Health Sciences Center in Salt Lake City, said his research team has performed similar experiments "and we've been pleasantly surprised at what can be done with liposomes via the hair follicle."
Customers may eat inside Rocky's -- standing up -- or at the tables and chairs outside.
And in the United States, the new Republican leadership in Congress has raised the possibility of curbing publicly supported broadcasting.
This year, "Blue Sky," filmed several years ago by the late director Tony Richardson, won an Academy Award for best actress for Jessica Lange.
"A lot more than Pioneer will go," NASA's administrator, Daniel S. Goldin, said in an interview.
The City Clerk, Edna Keys-Chavis, said more than 50 residents opposing the decision had called today and several had used racial slurs.
Pennsylvania: Santorum (R) No; Specter (R) Yes.
That's a decision I'll think about after the season is over."
It is not known what they discussed.
The Free Academy that he set up there in 1918 had an evangelical and evenhanded character.
"(Linguists consider Creole a distinct language with its own grammar and syntax.)
Christine Todd Whitman today named a nondescript rest area on Interstate 295 south of here in honor of Howard Stern, the WXRK radio and former late-night television host whose on-air language has prompted penalties by the Federal Communications Commission.
God, if there were a paradise on earth, it wouldn't be very far from here!"
It specializes in small policies often intended to pay for burial expenses for low-income families.
A bigger problem was that Mr. Woolsey, a lawyer by temperament and training, wound up becoming the combative advocate for the C.I.A.
Reclusive, writing rarely, Luc "will see his work, the last living part of his soul and the reason for which he was placed on earth, sink progressively before his eyes into the region of oblivion."
"I've practiced tennis since I was 4, and I practiced to play on the professional tour level, not the amateur, not the Tier 3 or 4 events," she said.
Police officers and school officials testified that the school security force failed to move safety officers to different stations in schools when necessary, lacked supervision and used an inadequate system to report violent or criminal incidents.
If you ever watched paint dry, that's what it's going to be like."
These funds would then have been funneled as block grants to the states, some of which have shown little interest in the legal problems of the poor.
Typically, there were also the two people who cut Mr. Shapiro's hair and another who cut his lawn.
Though the couple stress that they have far more points of agreement than disagreement, when they start to explain the Musaf difference, the light tension between their two movements shines through.
Steve Elkington took the P.G.A.
They'll smile an indulgent smile, then log on to their sixth-grade math class.
Whether he was dealing with front-line issues of civil rights or the minutiae of administrative law, Mr. Gellhorn concentrated less on lofty theory than on the hard facts of the perpetual conflict between law and liberty, the raw edge of everyday encounter between the citizen at home and the government agent at the door.
The elite political observers who so confidently predicted he would run for President are now confidently making predictions about other things.
Thomas S. Crane, a lawyer who represented the Government in the case and is now in private practice in Boston, said: "This decision appears to legitimize a lot of conduct that people previously believed was illegal.
Third, you took completely out of context a comment I made about the "outlaw" practice of slamming and make it sound as if I were commenting on L.D.W.C.
They're faced with a significant decline in income."
Much of what is now familiar as the 1994 campaign, including the Contract With America, was originally devised for the 1992 campaign by Mr. Gingrich and his team.
"Yes, of course," she said kindly.
Lawyers for the Department of Housing Preservation and Development withdrew the charges for 60 days at the request of District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau.
A7 HAITI ACTS ON MILITARY Haiti's President purged the military, wiping out most of the senior officer coprs, in part of a series of moves to consolidate his control over the institution.
A poll in November 1985 produced similar results.
The company's announcement of its earnings signaled to some that their fears might be realized.
The center is at 51 Milton Road, and visiting hours are Mondays through Fridays from 9:30 A.M. to 12:30 P.M. and 1:30 to 5 P.M., Saturdays from 1 to 4 P.M. For more information, call 967-0700.
Third tracks were added to the middle of older two-track structures to provide express service.
The baked monkfish with saffron is strongly recommended, as is the grilled sea bass with basil.
Eric C. Markman, a Presbyterian minister, officiated, and the Rev.
"At home and abroad, people are voicing concerns about Japan's domestic security," said the official head, Yuko Sekiguchi, according to Kyodo News Agency.
It means that an individual renting an $800 studio should be earning at least $40,000.
At an Aug. 17 news conference, he said it was "wrong for the family to use the aircraft, and wrong for the Governor, unless it's for state business."
Sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper.
Germany, which is its largest European market, had about 600 shops as recently as three years ago.
Give the lobby this: Never have we had a more controlled experiment in the philosophy of government than in our treatment of veterans after World War II.
"So we have to choose the least unfavorable time."
"We know what the market can bear, we know that we have agreements with the international community, we know that we have to have a Panama Canal that operates with sufficient revenue to make it efficient."
laboratories he headed in Minnesota and California.
The sheriff sent nonviolent juvenile offenders to work off their fines, and Houston residents turned out in force.
As a director of the Cablecommunication Resource Center in Washington in the early 1970's, he also researched minority enterprises' opportunities in the emerging cable television industry.
He previously held a similar position at Barkley & Evergreen Advertising, Kansas City, Mo.
"It is just a thrill to be here," Courville said.
For Whom the Bell Tolls 1943.
7, "to revitalize the national security of the United States," the shock troops of the Gingrich movement -- after heaping ritual scorn on the U.N. -- assert "it should be the policy of the United States .
WHEN THE NEIGHBORHOOD CHANGES FOR THE WORSE Bob, the youngest, is the trio's philosopher king and also the most rebellious, determined to resist curmudgeonly idleness at any cost.
And big manufacturers like I.B.M.
The last page offers videos on "How to Meet Women Easily" and "What Women Really Want."
Before special items, net income was $ 13,208,000, or 67 cents a share.Authentic Fitness said its results in the latest fourth quarter and year reflect continuing growth in its swimwear and activewear brands and the expansion of its chain of Speedo Authentic Fitness stores.
"But I'm already living in it."
The releases have been awaited since the French rights group, France-Libertes, said on Tuesday that Cuba had signaled the release of the six political prisoners.
"As a youngster, I was incredibly shy," he said slowly.
We lost our boat and a lot of people thought we lost our challenge.
Helga's Good 55 Stony Hill Road (Exit 8 from I-84), Bethel.
He finished the round in second place behind GEORGE BURNS.
Mr. Horcher, 43, a moderate who has been in the Assembly since 1990, criticized the Republican campaign against him for its emphasis on Mr. Brown, who is black, and his race.
They boycotted alarm clocks, because the Kindo was right under the flight pattern at the San Diego airport.
"It belittles the enormity of the crime and sends a very alarming message," Mr. Rosenbaum said in a telephone interview from Australia.
And they'll paint the bright red wall another color, as yet undecided.
A3 BOSNIA TO SHUN PEACE TALKS Bosnia's President said his Government would not take part in peace talks in New York this week, contending that Bosnian Serbs had not acted in good faith.
Rich people need to feel that it was their idea in the first place.
Since then, there has been a gentle decline, with the low so far being reached Thursday, when the price fell as low as $45.75.
With Kittles draped over him, the super sophomore still had 13 points and 5 rebounds after entering four minutes into the game, and his 9 points in a 12-3 run near the end of the half turned a 2-point UConn deficit into a 30-23 lead.
In short, the revitalizing forces must enhance the capacity of the United Nations rather than merely effect economies and scale down its scope.
But when the guests arrived, they discovered that "shipboard attire" really meant shoeless attire.
But people familiar with Angelos's thinking said he has no intention of changing his stated position against the use of replacement players.
It is hard to invite international statesmanship from someone you have just called a hard-hearted destroyer of Medicare.
The home team won by 54 imps.
At Toronto, Hans Tietmeyer, the German central bank's conservative president, warned that more Mexican-style bailouts would only encourage developing countries to follow unwise policies and investors to take unwarranted risks.
Both Mary Gordon's March 19 cover story about her relationship with her mother and Linda Wolfe's Hers column renewed the frustration I often feel in listening to my older friends, who live in long-term-care facilities, and in working with my near-90-year-old parents, who are determined to stay in their home until life's final moment.
In the 1960's, just the facts of a Presidential speech helped to persuade Congress and the public that a minor incident in Vietnam's Gulf of Tonkin amounted to an unprovoked act of war.
"When you go for too long without scoring," Bruce Driver said, "your mind goes off somewhere.
This week I announced that I would vote for a balanced-budget amendment to the Constitution when the Senate takes it up next Tuesday, even though I voted against such an amendment last year.
Mr. Reston won his second Pulitzer in 1957 for distinguished reporting from Washington.
Frequently, his designs have been not so much forms as gestures -- a Chippendale top, a crenelated roof.
The new flare-up over sentencing could make it impossible for the Legislature to begin passing budget bills this week, as Mr. Pataki and the leaders had hoped.
"It's all my fault," Wickman said.
"It's big city life now and that means things like prostitution and drugs."
When he retired on Jan. 3, 1989, Mr. Stennis had been in the Senate 41 years, 1 month and 29 days.
It was just another day in the Oval Office, when the Secretary of Housing lunged at the Secretary of State.
With the return between corporate and Treasury debt securities widening, the American General Corporation, an insurer, and Pacificorp, a utility holding company, also plan to sell debt this week.
The Senate also gave in to House demands to sharply cut spending on one of the more popular and politically sensitive Federal benefits: subsidized loans for college and graduate-school students.
By jettisoning a policy of preferential treatment for Cuban refugees that had been in place for more than 30 years, Mr. Clinton essentially wrote off any prospect of winning the Cuban-American vote in Florida next year, but he was never their favorite anyway.
Alicia Silverstone makes a delectable teen queen in "Clueless," a candy-colored, brightly satirical showcase for her decidedly visual talents.
(Rains do the same thing when bulbs are planted outdoors.)
The setting is airy and simple, with a single brick wall, wood plank floors, a carved wood ceiling and full-length windows that open onto the street.
The Fire Department also used the occasion of the fatal fire to renew its argument for a plan to remove fire alarm boxes from the city's streets.
The Wacom ArtZ II tablet comes in several sizes and prices.
ST. LOUIS BLUES -- Recalled Kevin Sawyer, left wing, from Worcester of the AHL.
Powers and Mr. Enloe were selected as tasters, along with dozens of other men and women, because they had flown on Delta within the last six months, because at least half of their trips in first class lasted two and a half hours or more and because they frequently flew Delta.
At his death, Mr. Guarino was on assignment in California as the acting chief executive of Taligent, a joint venture of Apple, I.B.M.
But those reports were confidential, and those children nameless.
"He is very protective of the Mayor, he is the eyes and ears of the things that happen in city government," Mr. Giblin said.
For many computer users, it is as if the Postal Service is charging them an annual fee for a mail address and refusing to deliver unless they pay up.
The extent of Holik's injury was discovered yesterday, and he was placed on the injured reserve list after having a minor surgical procedure.
Dec. 19 was already going to be an emotional night at Madison Square Garden, when Riley is scheduled to face the Knicks for the first time since leaving.
The syndicate has had to patch its boat back together twice in the last three months: once last January after a shoreside tornado ripped through its compound here and again two weeks ago when a 10-foot wave bashed in the front half of Young America as it was being towed out of its mooring area at Mission Bay.
Last year, however, the Met announced with fanfare the uncovering, during a gallery renovation, of a small part of the original eastern facade of the museum.
Sunday at 8:15 P.M. Tickets: $16.
Texas Energy Partners, jointly owned by Houston Industries and the Central and South West Corporation, said yesterday that it was withdrawing from a bidding war for the British regional electricity company Norweb P.L.C.
The blocks contributed to the Cardinal shooting only 34.5 percent from the field, and many of the blocks were scooped up and turned into UMass layups.
"It's not just survival of the fittest."
Since individual coelacanths have distinctive markings, scientists can identify and track them them year after year.
Ms. Parker, a former Air Force flight instructor whose achievements earned her an award from Hillary Rodham Clinton, was not granted clearance for various flight missions that male pilots with equal performance records had received, said Daniel Donohue, a spokesman for the National Guard Bureau at the Pentagon.
officials have taken steps to encourage even more aggressive bidding.
God's Love prepares food for homebound men, women and children with AIDS and will accept toys, and new articles of clothing.
She studied at the Wiener Werkstatte, Vienna's avant-garde arts and crafts studio, and by the late 1930's had won several prizes.
Mr. Major is apparently pitted not only against most of his Commonwealth counterparts, but also against the British royal family.
I remember clearly that many, many people wondered and worried that the young people of America would not come to the World Youth Day, or, if they did come, that they would be a problem.
It would reduce money for public broadcasting and eliminate a billion-dollar program, called Liheap, that helps the poor pay their utility bills, and restrict the use of money for family-planning programs.
Commissioner Bratton released few details about the victim.
Down with problematic, which sounds like the brand name of a camera with a flash that never goes off.
"La Fontaine and Friends," a program of songs (in French), narration (in English) and dance honoring the fabulist on the tricentennial of his death, is to be presented at Florence Gould Hall tonight at 8.
Smoked Turkey And Black Bean Salad 1 15-ounce can no-salt-added black beans 8 ounces whole red pepper or 7 ounces chopped ready-cut red pepper (1 1/2 cups) A few sprigs fresh cilantro to yield 1/4 cup chopped 2 ounces red onion or 1/4 cup chopped 1/2 to 1 whole jalapeno pepper 1 large clove garlic 8 ounces ripe tomato 6 ounces smoked turkey or smoked chicken in a chunk 1 tablespoon olive oil 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar 2 teaspoons sweet-hot mustard 12 large basil leaves 1 small bunch arugula Freshly ground black pepper to taste 2 slices country bread.
Its shares jumped nearly 30 percent on Friday after the company, based in Mountain View, Calif., reported strong earnings.
Wheat for July delivery rose 12.5 cents to settle at $4.1025 a bushel.
HOPE, HUMAN AND WILD True Stories of Living Lightly on the Earth.
In one sign that the Fed may be finished raising interest rates for the time being, the spread between the 2-year note and 30-year bond widened to 71 basis points, from 66 on Friday.
Having found a stone wall of opposition from producers, the playwright turned to Mr. Blakemore as a last resort.
The three executives agreed on Friday to retire, the building products company said in a statement, after the board expressed a lack of confidence in them.
"Where a company has some great business plans or great business ideas but is a little short on seed money, that's where the 108 money is going to come in."
But easygoing as Mr. Eyerly's language was, it demanded some intricately detailed give and take between the energetic piano writing and the sometimes virtuosically wide-ranging wind lines.
Settler leaders and the Likud-led political opposition were also displeased, complaining that the Government had yielded to P.L.O.
Both attribute the gains to extremely successful shows mounted in renovated, airier exhibition spaces.
She started with a $5-an-hour factory job, but quit when the man she is now engaged to marry fell off a roof and her employer refused to give her permission to go home.
Mr. Carroll, the commission investigator, said it recorded another officer saying he would kill anyone who informed on him.
The couple had three sons, John, James and William.
But they are not, when seen through the prism of politics, taxes and the Governor's preference for cutting and streamlining over taxing (and increasing the fare is just another form of taxation).
Not all clubs are pursuing players who were last heard from several seasons ago.
Then I go out to courtside as the Rockets beat the Knicks, 90-84, for the N.B.A.
She had been back from a seven-and-a-half-week Rutgers program in Limon, Costa Rica, just a few hours and had to talk about it with a friend.
A day after the Devils tasted the champagne of victory, New Jersey's new Stanley Cup hockey champions were still trying to work themselves into a properly festive mood.
The State Department of Corrections is in over its head in handling an interstate compact that allows parolees from other states to set up residence in New Jersey, the Senate Judiciary Committee said today.
Because of the rigid inspection system, Japanese drivers replace parts far more extensively than do American drivers who own the same models, and this is an enormously lucrative business in Japan.
The day was special for Sidney Poitier as well.
"The main focus today is NEC," said Robert Jameson, a Japanese equity sales trader at Smith New Court Securities.
That would require that the aviation agency not only catch major problems, but that it also wring out minor ones before they combined to cause a crash.
The paradox is only apparent, and it is never felt as such when one hears the music.
Under the actual provisions the House and Senate passed, the savings accounts would not attract most retirees.
Mr. Clinton, who spent the weekend quietly in Washington, was in the White House residence and did not attend the meeting in the West Wing, aides said, but was briefed afterward and throughout the day by Mr. Berger.
He need wait for 500 no more.
President Clinton's statement that he has no intention of apologizing to Japan because President Truman was correct in deciding to drop the atomic bombs prompted more protests.
The Clinton Administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a lower court's ruling that a University of Maryland scholarship program restricted to black students is unconstitutional.
He needn't slobber, but he needs to show a verve that exceeds describing a clump of fescue grass.
He was taken to Bellevue Hospital, where, after several operations, he was in critical but stable condition yesterday.
For Strawberry is still vulnerable to the often dangerous super-athlete complex, contends Baker, a former All-Star outfielder himself.
He suggested that the lenses -- one lay loose in the same evidence pouch as the frames today, and the other has never been found -- popped out when careless coroners dragged Mr. Goldman's corpse over them, sullying evidence every inch of the way.
"So the first step is to be well-organized."
Both Campbell and Smith opposed Zubov's insistence on having wrist surgery early in the season.
What's important is making sure these little people have a proper beginning and are given some kind of tools to deal with God knows what they'll have to deal with in the future."
7.50% The two-year notes mature on Jan. 31, 1997.
A little patch of tricrytis, with leaves like those of Solomon's seals and tiny orchidlike purple-and-white-speckled blossoms, arched out over the path at the base of an old cherry tree.
Local politicians and consumer groups are also looking at creating municipal systems to get out from under monopoly control by their local utilities.
One larger problem with "The Nightingale's Song" is that Mr. Timberg does too good a job digging into the background of his characters.
I have several sophomores and juniors in my classes.
Mr. Clinton has disputed Mr. Hale's accusation that he pressured him to lend Mrs. McDougal the money.
"I'm here today because my daddy had the fastest belt in the country," Robinson said, and laughed.
"What amazes me is the small amount of cotton the market reacts to," said Jim Kiesler, president of SJV Cotton in Fresno, Calif. "1,600 bales is nothing."
Mr. Al-Amin later posted bail.
Last month, Mr. Dolan took a week off to fly a single-engine airplane with Patrick.
But the borough has received nearly $1 million from the state toward the $2 million waterfront renovation project and will borrow the rest from the state.
Two major gifts bolstered the fund this week, but it will have to collect another $250,000 to match last year's total of $4.59 million.
George E. Pataki of New York, money for Prisoners' Legal Services would dry up.
6 TESTIMONY ON SIMPSON'S BRONCO A detective testified about a puzzling array of items found in O. J. Simpson's Bronco, including a shovel and large plastic bag.
It stars Neil Patrick Harris (late of "Doogie Howser, M.D.")
These are in White House hands, and portions about the death of Vincent Foster were shared with the Senate.
The bluffs were ringed with batteries under all three flags.
Next week, Mr. Kirkland will officially resign, and the executive council of the federation, made up of the heads of most large unions, will meet in Chicago and appoint Mr. Donahue to complete Mr. Kirkland's term without opposition from Mr. Sweeney.
has been changing," Mr. Soto said in an interview.
I can leave my house at 6:20 A.M., and I'm at my midtown desk with a bagel at 7:20."
Stir in the parsley, salt and pepper and return the shanks to the skillet.
Did the hatchling's feathers button left over right?
The police estimate that there are now about 1,000 gang members on the state's 21 reservations.
That could lead to conflicts of interest, the general said.
Either way, Mr. Clinton's policy toward Iraqi sanctions is in some ways now held hostage, too.
"You set the time, from 10 minutes to six hours, unplug the range from the outlet, plug the range into the Range Timer and plug the Range Timer into the outlet," said Jeffrey Logan, president of the Logan Powell Company in Wayne, Pa., the distributor of the product.
"People ask these docs, 'You make $230,000 a year.
"I've been firm all along, and I guess it's my fault if I made anyone think there's a chance I'll come back," he said last night, after spending the day avoiding the constantly ringing telephone.
"When I came, I said get them out of here as quickly as possible," Rabbi Bleich said.
The company had promised to hire 500 workers over the life of the contract but had hired none, the union said.
But Selig denied those parts of the owners' reports.
Recommended dishes: Hurricane wings, Bahamian crab fritters, Key Largo nachos, chicken tenderloins, Cuban black bean soup, pork medallions, baby back ribs, Key lime pie, chocolate decadence.
Seagram is scheduled to take control of MCA in early June.
She made her first public appearance as a 4-year-old, lifted atop a church piano by her father.
Pat Verbeek, the new acquisition who has been playing right wing on the first line, could fill in there, with Steve Larmer moving back up from the third line to the first unit centered by Mark Messier.
"The read-back on Allan Park's testimony would ordinarily be devastating to the defense," he said.
An army of grooms keeps raking the dirt and shaking down new hay.
We'd pretend to be bishops, kings and queens."
is whether the acquisition is really for common stock or whether it is, in significant part, a cash deal.
In the course of the performance, as Catherine comes to understand the way she's regarded by both her father and Morris, the character seems to assume defining shape and beauty.
Mrs. Whitman, who has to close a projected gap of $2 billion in the 1995-96 budget, has said she will not be sending as much aid to local governments and will try to make up the difference by relieving towns of some costs forced on them by state laws and regulations.
The Government is playing a very dangerous game."
Daniel Silverman, director of the board's New York office, ruled that players who were on N.B.A.
One is wide receiver Jammi German, the Big East offensive player of the week, who caught 6 passes for 169 yards and 2 touchdowns in last Saturday's 36-12 victory over Temple.
Five tournaments have come and gone since the Hoyas last made the final 16, in 1989.
Born near Paris, he was the scion of a prosperous textile family so puritanically frugal that he thought he was poor.
In the accord that ended the six-day Government shutdown last month, the President and Congressional leaders agreed to work for a balanced budget in seven years based on the standards set by the Congressional Budget Office.
The bridegroom is a grandson of the late Isador Lubin, the economist who was an adviser to President Franklin Roosevelt, and of the late Benjamin J. Buttenwieser, the New York banker, philanthropist and civic leader.
It will be loaded on the company's next version of Windows software, called Windows 95, scheduled for release in August.
But Amscan always owned its buildings, so it was right for them."
But neither today's Russia nor today's Japan poses the sort of immediate, all-consuming threat that Moscow posed to Washington and Beijing in 1971.
Bruce Bendish, a lawyer representing Officer DeLeno, said, "John is confident that when all of the facts are known to the investigating authorities, he will be exonerated and returned to his job."
A year ago, there were 784 rigs operating nationwide.
"With the majority of Americans," he said, "the primary dissatisfaction is that Washington has not changed fast enough."
The economy is more fragile than the Fed had been willing to admit.
Mr. Fenn worked for Life from 1941 to 1962, beginning as a contract photographer and joining the staff in 1946.
If it had been, the defense had scientists and physicians prepared to testify that the companies could not be held responsible for the Woburn deaths.
Novo Nordisk A/S of Denmark has become the first European drug maker cleared to sell its human growth hormone in the United States.
Some of the earliest residents in the West End area were affluent Protestants who attended the Methodist or Episcopal churches on West End between 86th and 87th Streets.
Just 13 percent of women over 65 have private pensions, compared to 33 percent of older men.
He threatened to sue the center.
A fire that investigators determined was arson did minor damage to the house on Feb. 11, and neighbors said that the house had been hit by other fires in recent months.
It has many of the safeguards the New Jersey jurists added.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS -- Promoted Bobby Grier, director of pro scouting, to director of player personnel.
KEY DEFENSIVE PLAYERS Tyrone Frazier, Villanova LB; Darren Sharper, William & Mary S; Mike Foley, New Hampshire E; Paul Williams, Delaware CB.
"I am French, but my heart is Comoran," said Mr. Denard, who has dual nationality, married to a Comoran woman with whom he has two children.
The Mexican Government has established a regulatory system that is considered tougher than those of countries like Venezuela, where 19 banks in trouble were recently nationalized, but analysts and economists here say it is nearly impossible to get the banks to openly discuss their condition.
The recognition for teachers, however, comes with a price.
Though Elisa had been enrolled in a special counseling program at the school on Oct. 18, 1994, her condition had worsened, Ms. Klugman reported.
and Alcoa -- companies whose profits swing with economic cycles -- rose the most.
Mesa had filed a lawsuit accusing the shareholder group of violating securities laws by secretly accumulating the company's stock.
She recognized his accent to be Viennese.
More than rising to such challenges, Mr. Grant also expresses anxiety by smacking up a sports car and slugging a Barney-type dinosaur with a plastic baseball bat.
The team had been negotiating exclusively with Kasper, who had been coaching its American Hockey League affiliate in Providence.
LOS ANGELES DODGERS So Tommy Lasorda views himself as baseball's diplomat to the world, and the Dodgers have a United Nations-style pitching staff.
The first version of the software, which I.B.M.
It surfaced at the time.
While countries in the region have always courted Japanese investors, they have usually kept their foreign exchange reserves in dollars, creating a strong link with the American economy.
An adviser to the REIT said Gotham lacked financing for its offer.
"I'd like to get down to one big union in this country," Mr. Mezo said.
"It is more affordable and a lot better."
Because electronic mail has a life of days or weeks, can be traced and can be easily copied without alerting the owner, reading the mailboxes was particularly effective.
In the silent era the name of the director, the producer and a few stars would appear at the film's beginning.
They were the only winners in the Oct. 7 drawing.
Pitcher PETE HARNISCH and outfielder BOBBY BONILLA each agreed to donate 30 Mets season tickets to charitable agencies and groups.
While many people sided with Ms. Lenchner, the parent who warned against new cuts at the recent board meeting, there were dissenters, including Sally L. Brandes, president of the Ridgewood Taxpayers Association.
Estimates do not reflect commissions.)
The venture will focus initially on interactive CD-ROM disks, with up to two dozen titles a year based on original adventure games, licensed properties, and movies and television series produced by the DreamWorks studio, the new entertainment company controlled by David Geffen, Jeffrey Katzenberg and Steven Spielberg.
The best place for foreign drug makers to enter the market is Kansai, where the major Japanese pharmaceutical companies are located.
The upscale shoppers who throng its atriums were lost long ago to the stores of downtown White Plains, and were not likely to return.
During the Mass in the seminary's chapel, the Cardinal offered a brief homily, speaking to Mr. Cook of reconciliation.
While Representative Cynthia McKinney has already introduced her Code of Conduct on arms transfers legislation in the House, Senator Mark Hatfield of Oregon is planning to bring this legislation to a vote on the Senate floor after the August recess as an amendment to the Foreign Operations Appropriations bill.
Yet as Curtiz immerses himself in Claudia's past and discovers uncomfortable parallels to his own life, he finds himself unable to write a "treatment."
Industria was at its salt-of-the-earth best, this season adding belted back jackets to its sumptuous staples.
"I kind of believe what Sherlock Holmes said to Watson," Mr. Tigar said after the hearing.
Her father retired as an electrician at United Parcel Service in New York.
I thought, 'Why is this happening?'
Indeed, her status as a widow with three children made her wonder who was disadvantaged in the class and who was not.
Dr. James S. Todd, executive vice president of the American Medical Association in Chicago, was more critical: "This situation is unacceptable; none of these cases is defensible."
The last seems clear when one re-examines Ms. Leaming's story: "In the spring of 1940 when Kate returned to Los Angeles .
Almost a quarter of the company's shareholders either backed the challenge or abstained.
Stimulative measures announced earlier this year by the Government have had little apparent effect.
The result of those fears, experts say, can be devastating.
The wolves, bought from Canadian trappers for $2,000 each, were placed in the pens in January so they could acclimate themselves to the new surroundings.
In the campaign, he criticized President George Bush for rejecting that goal, set at the 1992 Earth Summit conference in Rio de Janeiro.
Ken Schanzer, president and chief executive of the Baseball Network in New York, captured the bittersweet attitude prevailing yesterday by repeating the punch line to an old joke: "Other than that, how did you enjoy the play, Mrs.
Mr. Rabin said his Government had favored a freeze on settlement construction from its beginning in mid-1992.
It begins today and runs through Aug. 24.
About 150 chairs were set up in front of a line of large television screens so spectators could see explanatory computer graphics and the players.
Ellie and Red Conason of Yonkers, known as "the people who brought crafts to Westchester," organized the show for the center.
"I'm sure they're forced to take whatever they're given.
This in a neighborhood famed for its meticulously preserved brownstones and historic heritage.
The bank is trying to resolve a dispute with its parent company over repayment of 3 billion francs $616 million tied up in bad property loans.
Tuesday, 8 P.M. 91 University Place, Princeton.
"In recent elections, the people have shown themselves not only willing to make changes, but to go right on making changes until those of us elected to office get it right," he said.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.; the fee is $220, including rods, reels, and snacks, but, again, lunch must be brought from home.
"But I'm scared that the current mood in Washington will divide women, race against race, class from class."
Democrats on Capitol Hill were hardly overconfident.
Autry was an essential part of Northwestern's first undefeated Big Ten season since 1936, the most dramatic rise at any school in memory.
"We do not believe the shareholders will support you and turn over to you control of their $9 billion investment."
Dr. James G. Warner Jr., the lead author of the study, said the team could establish no reason for the disparity.
The state office of the American Legion is reviving a 40-year-old practice of marking fatal crash sites with small steel crosses.
"If 41 people are against you," Senator McConnell recalled, "you're dead."
Life insurance companies are facing a mountain of lawsuits and customer complaints because the investment performance of their policies has not been as good as was described when the policies were sold.
"There are no jobs," Mr. Silverio said.
But frontier barriers were also lowered within Europe and Latin America, even as Washington's trade frictions with Japan and China festered.
But their lack of evidence for who and what these stealth candidates are says a lot."
AT&T sent letters warning its corporate customers about the scam.
Chris Gant drove for a layup and, following 2 Syracuse misses on the 1-and-1, Orlando Antigua hit a 3-pointer with 12 seconds left to cut it to 63-61.
"I've always wanted to do everything possible for myself.
Take a Break of 76 Summer Street, Boston, Mass.
Basketball United States Basketball League ATLANTA TROJANS -- Signed and activated Rob Renfroe, center.
There's no guarantee it will sell."
Mrs. Bourne, whose husband, Bryan, plays trombone in the White House Marine Corps band, was drawn into statewide politics after a close friend of her husband's, a fellow trombonist, was shot in the back of the head and killed two years ago by four teen-agers in a carjacking.
The British flogged and shot their African carriers when they were too weak to march, and their African soldiers who didn't see why they should stand still for Asante bullets on behalf of Britannia.
But even if corporate America takes its time, most analysts agree that just about every company running Windows today will make the transition to Windows 95 eventually.
Here are some feature films on the current best-seller list.
"I would much rather go the Captain route because my life is there.
Works by composers who are members of the society will be performed at 3 P.M. Saturday, while at 8 P.M. Hackley students and faculty members will present an all-Griffes concert that includes the string quartet premiere.
We need to know how the Web engages people seeking political information and what they are likely to find, and how they use the medium in concert with more traditional forms, such as television, newspapers and magazines.
This is now a man who drops lines for effect, the way some great athletes do when they figure out the way of the world.
Until people recognize they must earn their rewards, we will find it hard to move forward as a nation.
The West manages to maintain its silence because a Chinese blockade of Taiwan already exists: the political and diplomatic blockade created by Beijing after it took over the China seat in the U.N. in 1971.
Evening admission for the party: $28.62; $19.08 for children 3 to 9; children under 3 free.
It may also have trouble signing off on the bigger initiatives investors expect it to take.
In acknowledging the dropping poll numbers, Mr. Giuliani said that he has had to make difficult budget decisions that are bound to be unpopular.
"Sixty-seven Broad Street has joined similar once-proud office buildings which now line Broad and other downtown streets standing as empty monuments to that time when downtown was a great financial center of the world," the judge said.
"I'm just waiting to die," the woman, D. Kim, said.
They are keeping the Congress in check, but for how long?
Although areas with many restaurants draw crowds and bring in profit, industry experts say Chinatown is so saturated that it has exceeded the maximum profit-making point and actually has diminishing profits.
When he formally announces his decision, the President is likely to praise Vietnam's increasing cooperation over the years.
"What the kids in this neighborhood need is to learn some respect and understanding of our culture," said Angel Correa, 37, who was standing across from a self-service laundry on East 105th Street where his clothes were being washed.
A21 WELFARE OBJECTIONS OUTLINED Saying welfare change will not run without some provision for adequate child care, the Secretary of Health and Human Services outlined why President Clinton has vowed to veto the measure.
Rare-cooked tuna steaks were served with a tangy salsa of fresh parsley and capers and a generous sprinkle of tiny capers, accompanied by small white beans and the sweetest, youngest broad beans I've encountered outside my own garden.
Already, a changing of the guard is visible on the streets, as the familiar presence of the United States Army's 10th Mountain Division gives way to the 25th Infantry Division, which has been arriving from Hawaii all month and is expected to stay on as part of the United Nations operation.
* No hiking boots you've actually hiked in.
Her last memories of him include his discovering that the girls went to church, and his being very angry with them.
In it, he plays the poet Rimbaud, who by age 19 had shocked the literary elite of his time as much by his gorgeous, surreal verse as by his affair with his mentor, Verlaine -- who was 10 years older and eventually shot him.
"I mean, there's no question about that.
Jones insists that the 30 teams can work better than N.F.L.
His manager explained it further.
"It made an equity investment in return for distribution rights in theatrical and home video businesses," he said.
Kukoc played a complete game, scoring 13 while adding 9 assists -- 2 of them of the no-look variety in the first quarter -- and 7 rebounds.
While Senator Bob Dole, the majority leader, is far ahead in polls in New Hampshire and elsewhere, no one stirs a crowd, or opens wallets, as well as the Speaker.
Many, he said, were looking at strategic acquisitions.
After Cambridge, where he was taught by Kingsley Amis, he tried acting.
"They hit some hot buttons there," he said.
To an outsider, there might seem little courtesy, decency and manners in this most contact-prone of contact sports.
George Coleman Quartet (July 16); Boca Livre (July 23); Lester Bowie's New York Organ Ensemble (July 30); the Christian McBride Quartet (Aug. 6); Cyrus Chestnut Trio (Aug. 27).
He died in his sleep after a long illness, said his wife, Judy.
On Friday, Green said that he is now more open to the thought of moving Kent to third to make room for Alfonzo at second, although he said he would prefer that Kent, who is currently disabled, have a full spring training at third before making the move.
Those years did, on the other hand, see a considerable increase in inequality: the poorest tenth of the population lost ground in the 1980's and the richest tenth saw their incomes rise by 65 percent; trade union membership was halved, and new industrial-relations legislation removed much of the power that remained to the shrunken unions.
He says lend Mexico less than $10 billion, for one year.
And USX slipped by 1/2, to 29 7/8.
In a reaction that stunned lawmakers and Congressional staff members, Mr. Franks called Mr. Gingrich a liar who "did not have the stomach" to take on the issue of affirmative action, unusually harsh words by a backbencher for the leader of his party in the House.
So the game was reduced to its basics.
A detective, thrice married and emotionally alive only when he is working, is enlisted to pursue the case.
He told me that six or seven thousand had been shipped to Bosnia, and that he would be happy if 1,000 came back from the front lines alive."
To guard against Africa's extreme heat, humidity and dust, Mr. Lee helped develop a specialized fabric called Battue, which is coated with polyurethane and has a foam core and a snag-resistant inner liner.
In 1991, he saddled three winners on his birthday.
"We don't have the luxury of having people to cover every investment conference," said Mr. Secord, who subscribes to PFN/First Call, an NBC desktop service that concentrates on live and taped coverage of industry conferences, exclusive interviews with chief executives and company announcements.
The bill would also issue 50 new permits in each borough outside Manhattan, bringing the total number to 3,000.
So guys look at the win and they think the last 16 minutes of the game are significant.
Having delivered herself of this, She gave him a condescending kiss.
WITH: Wesley Snipes (Noxeema), Patrick Swayze (Vida), John Leguizamo (Chi Chi), Stockard Channing (Carol Ann), Chris Penn (Sheriff Dollard), Julie Newmar (Herself) and Robin Williams.
Instead they discover that they are too late for complacent domesticity, too early for social revolution.
Having orchestrated the dramatic reversal of the board's selection of Daniel A. Domenech, Mr. Giuliani called on the board to appoint an interim chancellor.
Receiving no broad support, the measure is dropped.
Other times the result is simply a lot of Maileresque mumbo jumbo: "One is tempted to argue that Cubism grew out of the inside of the nose for, indeed, its interior is often a cavernous, clotted, intricate web, full of bogs, stalactites, stalagmites, filamentlike hairs."
The Burmese military Government once faced a dozen ethnic insurgencies along its borders.
But if the agency can defend itself from its allies in the United States Government, and survive the slow exhumation of its buried past, then it has a chance to preserve the heart of its true mission: identifying the handful of real secrets that might harm the United States and getting station chiefs to steal them.
Specifically, the analysts faulted assumptions of extremely long holding periods.
A Watchdog for Cyberspace Donna Rice Hughes -- just Donna Rice when she was involved in a scandal that torpedoed Gary Hart's 1988 Presidential nomination chances -- is a leader of Enough is Enough, a grass-roots group opposing pornography on the Internet.
Earnings after one-time charges rose to 1.14 billion markka ($267 million) from 752 million markka in the corresponding period a year ago.
As the minister shakes with tears, Jarvis whirls on his heels, stricken, absorbing the shock, then swallowing his fury in a remarkable transformation.
The bystander who remarked that "the works would be all right if you didn't have a hundred of them" was on target.
Now I realize that a half century of history has failed to relieve my adolescent concerns.
Mr. Hufbauer said that if Mr. Pataki truly wanted to spur foreign commerce in New York, he should focus on the state's largest trading partner: Canada.
Artifacts of grief -- or calls from the other side?
LaFontaine has been out for 14 months with reconstructive surgery on his right knee.
The rest of us should have absolutely nothing to say."
These translucent, slightly gelatinous sheets provide a neutral base for the melange of shredded vegetables, chicken, beef and pork in a light, faintly sweet wine sauce.
No one but Garner, whose pigheadedness is meant to charm, would mistake this blatant love object for the killer.
I never felt so good in my life.
The important lesson was not about beating the bully, but about finding out that the beating he gave you was bearable, that he couldn't kill you.
"Very few quarterbacks do that."
"I think if we walked out on him at this point, the prognosis would not be good," the coach went on.
And though she and a key adviser, Malcolm S. Forbes Jr., the publisher and longtime champion of tax cutting, are coy about it, other political observers believe that Mrs. Whitman is moving herself toward the national political stage.
Mr. Dole wants to begin debate on Tuesday, but only if he believes he has enough votes to thwart a filibuster.
The Northeast posted a 3.6 percent drop in sales, to a 540,000 rate.
"In general, I just haven't had people bringing it up in conversation," Mr. Donnelly said.
Today the case is easy to make.
Smith misses the days when he was a bigger part of the offense.
His salary and bonus amounted to more than $12 million, and his long-term compensation added $13.9 million.
As a matter of practical politics, President Clinton's aides said, China's increasingly belligerent positions on human rights and trade issues are effectively linking the two subjects anyway.
But however unsteadily, a sense of responsibility hovers above the series, now in its second season.
A12 DRASTIC CHANGE IN FRANCE Forty years ago, Dreux was a quaint French town.
This will both lighten the burden of some local landfill and make a piece of the papal visit available to those who were unable to attend.
"The market has in the last six months made a sharp swing to Pentium, which they don't have out yet," said James C. Poyner, an analyst with Oppenheimer & Company.
All the companies are great.
Knead the dough about eight minutes by hand on a floured board or by machine.
Mr. Hargrove, 51, is an expert on rice.
But in fact some people think weeds are wonderful.
When the spade ten was led, dummy's ace was played, and East signaled with the spade queen.
Rejected 237 to 190, Dec. 13.
The simultaneous existence of past and future is obviously meant to create a barbed, melancholy sense of how time devours hopes and lives.
"It could've been done," he said, "when it should've been done."
Billy Graham and Lord Jakobovits, former chief rabbi of Britain and the Commonwealth.
A lot of it was luck.
His father retired as a political reporter for The New York Times.
Cristyne F. Lategano, the Mayor's director of communications, said the incident occurred at 9 A.M. on Sunday.
Bill McInturff, a Republican pollster, said Mr. Morris is trying "to take the underpinnings away from the issues that hold together a Republican majority coalition.
The rabbi, whom the Lubavitchers called the Rebbe, was laid to rest in an imposing 20-square-foot granite mausoleum with an open roof.
"Downtown/Out-Of-Town," a festival of new works and solo pieces, will be presented at Shakespeare's Other Stage.
"Maybe Dornan looks at me and says, 'You're H.I.V.
Nevertheless, he did not make restitution until almost two years later, after Whitewater had become a major public issue.
Complicating the relationship is what the newcomers describe as a thwarted feeling of kinship with the African-Americans of Harlem.
An article on Wednesday about the partial shutdown of the Federal Government misstated the Federal debt ceiling in some editions.
McMAHON, Brian, Cali, Colombia MEDINA, Jorge, Parsippany, N.J. MEJIA, Digna, 59, Boston MEJIA, Liliana MONCADA, M. MONTERO, Ernesto MOSCOSO, Marta NOGUES, Beatriz NOGUES, Julian OCAMPO, Rublela ORTIZ, Luz Elena OSZEROWICZ, Jessica, 20, Cali, Colombia OTOYA, Maria Teresa, 45, Providence, R.I. OVIEDO, Maria PIEDRAHITA, Gabriel, 22, Miami PIEDRAHITA, Joider, 8 months, Philadelphia PIEDRAHITA, Jose, Philadelphia PINEDA, Luis PLAMBA, C. POSSO, Andres QUICENO, Fabio QUINONEZ, A. QUINTERO, Jamie QUINTERO, Janeth QUINTERO, Leonidas QUINTERO, Luis Albiero QUINTERO, Natalie RAMIREZ, Benjamin, 63, Kansas City, Mo.
She said the firm used the title "senior managing director" as the equivalent of the "managing director" title used by most other securities firms to denote their highest-ranking executives.
Mr. Kondracki said the study concluded that the illness is "a rare, sporadic disease," and that there is "no single hot strain showing up in New York."
For now, one thing is certain: the Devils will not miss Lemieux during the regular season because his performance the last two years was bordering on mediocrity.
The chests are the latest pieces in the designer's series of touch-me-please furnishings, part of an adventure that began 15 years ago at the Pompidou Center here, where he put together an exhibition called "Les Mains Regardent" -- "The Hands See."
"I think they are getting a fair payment," said Robert Lange, director of the Sanitation Department's recycling operations, "I think the city is getting a fair deal."
As she grew older, Mme.
The names Dior and Chanel don't readily conjure images of the Right Bank of the Hudson, do they?
When you hear a cop talk on 'Law and Order,' you know it's a New York cop."
Versions of each have been on the menu since the restaurant opened, but there are new discoveries here.
"We're not satisfied that what we have is real good reliability," said Edward T. Lahler, the assistant state commissioner for curriculum, instruction, assessment and innovation.
Asked if someone else was doing it, he said, "I don't have the vaguest idea if he's talked to anyone else about it."
USA Waste's operations are spread through the Southwest, Midwest, and the Atlantic Seaboard from New Jersey to Florida.
Sheri Poe, president and chief executive of Ryka, said that the company has been approached by a number of parties and is pursuing several financial options.
The report also displayed his skills at paring a massive system, an attribute that City Hall aides say Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani wants to see in the next steward of the city's school system.
HEALTH INSURANCE At least 25 million Americans would benefit each year from proposed legislation that would enable workers to take health insurance coverage with them when they left a job, a Government accountant told a Senate committee.
A panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, in Manhattan, based its decision on a United States Supreme Court ruling last May, which made it easier for government agencies to penalize employees for their statements.
"Sleepers," which begins in the 1960's, centers on four street-tough boys, one of them the author, who stage a prank that unintentionally results in serious injury to the victim.
Today, Fuji and Japanese Government officials dismissed Kodak as a sour-grapes loser and ruled out negotiations concerning the new trade fight that looms between Japan and the United States.
They have performed on Garrison Keillor's and John Schaefer's shows on public radio shows, and at the Kitchen in Manhattan.
Each guest paid $850 for access to the entire event, which was organized by Wine Spectator magazine.
And while both Ferraris are magnificent road machines, no straightforward comparison of price to performance would put either in the "best buy" class.
Today the focus in the House shifted from the floor to a meeting of the Ways and Means Committee, where Speaker Newt Gingrich discussed the tax measures in the "Contract With America," the House Republican campaign document listing bills and House rules changes on which the party promised to vote in the first 100 days of this Congress.
"The only hope he has at this point of getting good press is what he's getting this week," said Assemblyman Herman D. Farrell Jr., a Manhattan Democrat who is chairman of the Assembly Ways and Means Committee.
The Actors Company is well known for its range of presentations, from Cole Porter to Shakespeare.
Henry J. Stern, the city's Parks Commissioner, who said he has the sole authority to sign off on the deal, asserted that with commuters increasingly pressed for time, new uses for the parkway service areas must be encouraged.
On May 31, the Federal Aviation Administration said the 777 could skip a two-year test period and begin flying routes that take it as many as three hours away from the nearest possible landing point.
Several of the agencies had complained that the proposed higher stipend would have reduced the demand for au pairs and put the agencies out of business.
The stream of black after black after black outfit just began to look a bit silly, as silly as the typical black-clad and sunglassed front row appears from across the runway.
The collective efforts of the team that gathered last week during and after Mardi Gras have earned many of the lawyers colorful sobriquets that would honor a World Wrestling Federation championship.
1 ABORTION LAW TESTED IN POLAND Poland's first abortion trial since a strict new law came into effect has stirred much anguish over an issue that sharply divides the country.
We recognize the vital roles and limits of markets, government and voluntary groups.
In the 1980's, buyouts generally involved more borrowing than they do today, meaning that there was proportionately less stock.
They had hoped to receive their own permits, which the city intended to issue for as little as $75, to reduce costs.
I don't think you're going to see that anymore.
He published numerous articles in the fields of criminology, sociology, social values and social psychology.
On Wednesday, the Commodity Exchange said that its warehouse inventories of copper fell by 1,217 tons, to 7,034 tons, the lowest since April 14, when stockpiles slid to a five-year low.
The unspoken ties that bind a woman and her mother in a small Irish town.
The article suggested that her reaching the semifinals in the French Open was related to her relationship with her coach, Kadru Maruyana.
The idea of striving for consistency in the evaluation of what a life is worth makes sense, but the idea of weighing costs against benefits without considering who pays and who benefits does not.
"It's now not socially acceptable for someone to say that you're sending your child to a school for racial reasons, but there is no denying that the social effect of a lot of individual choices is to maintain a school system that is unequal along race and class lines."
"The fact that we want to finish these talks by the end of January shows how serious and important this project is for us," he said.
Phyllis Rice will portray the title role of Emily Dickinson and Peter DeMaio, artistic director of the nine-year-old company, is the director.
"I was just sitting there laughing.
Perhaps she was crippled by the frigate's explosion, got stuck in bottom mud or fell victim to yet another design shortcoming.
East Coast Hockey League LOUISVILLE RIVERFROGS -- Signed Craig Conley, center.
The cause was pancreatic cancer, said officials of Harvard Medical School in Boston, where he was chairman of the department of microbiology and molecular genetics.
More than once, it seemed it would never happen.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany, who is on a first-name basis with Mr. Yeltsin, had not called the Russian leader to express concern at mounting civilian deaths in Chechnya, the Chancellor's spokesman said Friday.
The bomb that exploded on Monday in Saudi Arabia has set off wide reverberations among its Persian Gulf neighbors, whose sheikdoms and emirates depend on the West for protection against regional enemies.
All of the victims appeared to be elderly.
Hebert is not unlike Tolstoy's Pierre adrift in burning Moscow, an adult child fortified with the proper degree of innocence in his perceptions.
Their captain, Mark Messier, spent a long time in the trainer's room.
It had already been a trying time for Brett Butler.
The Bio-Pacific Project has studied a 23-mile stretch of the highway that ends 20 miles from the park and was the most recent segment completed, in 1983.
GLASS EXTRAVAGANZA Glass in many permutations will be on display and for sale at the Glass Extravanganza taking place in two locations.
Being born Italian, you just pick it up.
It could be, he said, that when tomatoes are heated during cooking, the cells burst and release more lycopene.
The bride graduated magna cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania and received a master's degree in political economics from Columbia University.
But we're sorry for the people."
In New York City, hotels report a steady increase during the last six months in occupancy and room rates, while the region's three international airports report a surge in passengers, both foreign and domestic.
"This is a very exciting thing to do.
"These advocates are mesmerized by the mystique that all institutions are bad, that the buildings should be razed, the earth bulldozed over and then salt poured on the grounds so it will never rise again."
(The dates and figures are taken from William Shirer's book "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich.")
I would like to tell my family I love them," he said.
"I'm delighted, enthusiastic and humbled" by the nomination, Dr. Reich said.
With Robinson containing Olajuwon, the other Spurs were free to take away Houston's perimeter game.
The added layer of reviews led them to develop a stronger protocol, or scientific plan that governs an experiment.
Those reductions would include 60 of the 367 positions at SUNY's administrative headquarters here -- a department some Republicans say is bloated.
JERRY M. GOLDBERG Chairman, Department of Speech Communication Studies, Pace U.
She will wait to be rescued if someone's squeezing her too tightly.
A victory by Seattle would have clinched a tie for the division title, but instead, the Mariners had their seven-game over all and nine-game home winning streaks snapped.
According to traders and dealers, demand for the bonds sold by Puerto Rican issuers is usually strong because securities are exempt from Federal, state and local taxes for investors in all states.
Mr. Freud's paintings of figures are tough, impacted, unforgiving.
He was disciplined twice in 1985 for accepting free food at a pizzeria.
Still, Mr. Baldus said, the large number of murders in New York City and the reluctance of district attorneys to seek the death penalty are "clearly an invitation to arbitrariness in the use of the death penalty."
With a month remaining in the fiscal year, the Federal deficit was $171.1 billion and on track to decline for the third straight year.
Mr. Daschle wrote Mr. Dole on April 27 saying that Dr. Foster "deserves a full and fair hearing."
We're all assigned one girl, and it is chaos city.
When reminded that the officers were said to have been drinking for at least an hour before the incident, the Commissioner said, "They were probably feeling good."
against New Jersey officials and bankers.
So Professor Roth got some anti-Freud polemists for the panel, but the Freud critics found that inadequate: They were not sufficiently anti-Freudian.
To the Editor: "The United States veto of a United Nations Security Council resolution that would have condemned Israel unleashed a storm of criticism today," according to "U.S.
Both groups of work limit themselves to a palette of red, yellow, blue, black, white and gray -- Mondrian's colors, as it happens -- within which complementaries emerge here and there where strokes overlap.
The survey, commissioned by the Federal Trade Commission, was conducted during Christmas week last year.
The lawyer suspected of receiving that $30,000 as a referral fee is Mr. Gribetz, according to two lawyers close to the case, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
"After a time I had played all the concert halls I wanted to play in and performed all the concerts I wanted to perform," said the 53-year-old American-born musician.
An article in the Styles pages on Sunday about churches with electronically enhanced music systems misstated the denomination of St. Mary the Virgin Church on West 46th Street in Manhattan.
Aug. 15-27: "The Unsinkable Molly Brown."
The architect's 40-acre "diary" is a record of enthusiasms embraced and dropped: International Style, Neo-Classic, Islamic, Constructivist, Gehry contemporary, English picturesque.
Today the Deerfield is much cleaner than in decades past, when mills and towns discharged enough polluted waste to turn the river into what Dr. Kenneth D. Kimball, a regional conservationist, calls "a well-landscaped sewer."
"I don't believe we should have girls with babies running around picking up money for free.
Mr. Thompson responded: "It was clear from their request that no other Federal office was going to help them."
After successfully trying his techniques on old leather and scraps of ancient but unimportant parchment, last year Dr. Woodward obtained fragments of the Dead Sea Scrolls, hand delivered to him by a student traveling from Jerusalem to Provo, Utah.
Mr. Herek said the subject of the glance might be thinking: "If a gay man finds me attractive, I must somehow have some hint of homosexuality in myself.
Abandon Euclid, all ye who enter here, the doorway might be marked.
Tom Hanks can start making room on the shelf now.
(AP) KAFELNIKOV ADVANCES: Third-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov of Russia defeated unseeded Marcelo Rios of Chile, 6-4, 6-3, yesterday to advance to the quarterfinals of the Conde de Godo tournament in Barcelona, Spain.
Blair has won more gold medals than any other female Olympian from the United States.
There is no reason to celebrate before Cone and Sierra even wear pinstripes and no reason to celebrate when they arrive unless the team continues winning.
But for this listener, the main consistency in Mr. Zimerman's concert was its portrait of an intriguing musical mind that was too often unfocused.
"They haven't asked us how we have managed and, frankly, it is very hard to explain."
But the analogy is inaccurate.
Meets at 1 P.M. on the southeast corner of Essex and Delancey Streets.
DARRYL STRAWBERRY went 2 for 5 with a run batted in last night for Class AAA Columbus in an 11-0 victory over Pawtucket.
The Russian debt deal, however, only securitized back interest payments, while keeping the outstanding loans in loan form.
In an interview with WABC-TV, Mr. Darden did not offer an explanation for the accident, but he insisted that he did not run a red light.
The gunman immediately began shouting and waving his weapon.
Taking a breather from his practice regimen, Roy Pomerantz recalls the week when he received letters of acceptance from both Ringling Brothers Clown College and Harvard Law School.
The North American Free Trade Agreement that Mr. Clinton pushed through Congress in 1993 has, as promised, increased trade and employment on both sides of the border.
"No matter how angry people are, when they get on, they always end up smiling when they see who's driving."
His new attitude may be the reason why there has been talk both in and out of the organization that Young has either completed a deal that would give him a two-year contract extension or is negotiating to complete one.
"Plus, right now there seems to be something of a stalemate and we were afraid our message was getting stale."
Investigators said yesterday that they expected that 10 officers from the precinct would ultimately be punished, dismissed or forced to resign because of their involvement in corruption.
An institutional fund, the DFA U.S. 9-10 Small Company Portfolio, which is pegged to the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange with the smaller market capitalization, had a "pretty good" 5-year record, but its 10-year return put it near the bottom quarter of its peer group, Ms. Arnott said.
Merely attaching the right label -- "Hebborn in the manner of Michelangelo," say -- would clear it up nicely, he maintained.
To take molten metal out of the furnace and pour it into molds, the women don respirators and protective aprons, gloves and visors.
She married Captain Churchill in 1947 after the death of her first husband.
Catering to laid-back, serious-minded readers with stock that ranged from the academic to the arts, Mr. Weiner added classical records, which proved so popular that he opened a record annex next door earlier this year.
But the percentage of obstetric and gynecology residency programs that require first-trimester abortion training has declined to 12 percent, half of what it was in 1985, the institute says.
These pathways in the brain encode information that essentially says, 'That was good.
Today, at a briefing to announce plans to build an engine plant in Detroit, Mr. Eaton avoided almost any comment on the bid by Mr. Kerkorian.
The new Anthropologie, between Spring and Broome Streets, should be open by mid-1996, said Jeffrey D. Roseman of New Spectrum Realty Services, who handled the deal for Anthropologie with his colleague, Caroline P. Banker.
Another specialty is wonderfully fresh porcini roasted over hazelnut shells and served with a spring onion puree.
Gertrude Mongella, the Tanzanian politician who is secretary general of the conference, said today that she knew it would be "a great challenge to organize a conference in China."
To use that reason to turn down the event is not a real reason."
Thousands poured into the stress-free zone, jamming the streets and the 211-car parking lot.
The Commodity Research Bureau index of 21 commodities rose 0.22 point, to 233.66.
On Tuesday, Mr. Giuliani outlined a proposal for City Hall, not the board, to control the city's nearly 1,100 schools and more than 1 million schoolchildren.
"The dark one," he declared.
GOING CASUAL AT THE NEW I.B.M.
"We're just going to try to compensate.
Not a bad business -- even today."
The most obscure player in the field, Brian Henninger, who got here on the basis of a victory in a rain-shortened, 36-hole tournament, is tied for the lead with one of the most popular Masters champions ever -- Ben Crenshaw.
The five-year notes of American Home Products were priced at $998.74 per $1,000 bond to yield 7.73 percent, or 44 basis points more than the when-issued five-year Treasury note.
The acquisition would give Healthsouth, the nation's largest operator of physical rehabilitation centers, a bigger presence in the complementary business of outpatient surgery, handling minor procedures like knee repair, cataract removal and plastic surgery.
The man with the puffy face and powder-blue sweatpants had become a fixture on the Steeplechase Pier, making his home on one of the few remaining relics from Coney Island's golden age.
25-ranked Arkansas in the first game of the Great Eight tournament.
Count Basie knew how to leave out; Tatum seemed unable to part with a single flourish.
Anand already had a lost game.
But he said member nations of the General Assembly had then created several new departments -- an Under Secretary for Humanitarian Affairs, a High Commissioner for Human Rights and an Inspector General -- that added more jobs.
And in the confusion, Jim Leyritz trashed the clubhouse.
Tour in 1993 and 1994.
The Whitelaw was built by pioneer black entrepreneurs at the turn of the century and gutted by poverty and drugs, crime and fire in the modern crisis of the cities.
Still, Lavazza is not tempted to get into the coffee bar business itself.
Analysts said Amgen could get a 30 percent to 50 percent premium above its current stock price.
A musical based on the Dickens story with music by Alan Menken, lyrics by Lynn Ahrens; starring Terrence Mann and Ben Vereen; directed by Mike Ockrent.
And the racing coverage wasn't bad, either, although the sweeping "flying cam' -- a mini-helicopter with a camera that swooped over the racetrack -- made me a little dizzy.
"We're letting foreigners usurp our creative rights," says Richard Johnson, who, as editor of The New York Post's Page Six gossip column, once referred to the model Iman as the Somali Hot Tamale.
Mr. Vagner's two companions in the car at the time of the seizure were from Belarus and Ukraine, and both were nuclear workers who had come to the Czech Republic last year, the police said.
The largest judgment against a hospital agency was for $73 million for a botched delivery at North Central Bronx hospital.
In return, they may also be renewing the vitality of the avant-garde.
"The man touched my heart," he said.
But in Mr. Quayle's type of tumor the distinction can be difficult to make, Dr. Ronald H. Nishiyama, the chief pathologist at Maine Medical Center in Portland, who is not connected with Mr. Quayle's case, said in an interview.
They figure they know how to play the game.
The new sentences would affect approximately 1,000 juveniles who are convicted of violent crimes each year.
But I'm not going to do that.
"We just opened up on Saturday," said Glenn Sisk, spokesman for Cullman, a new 131-bed hospital about 15 miles southwest of Arab.
In addition, Dana-Farber has reprimanded the oncologist who was the principal investigator of the experimental study.
Well, that's still an open question."
Scrape dough out of the bowl and onto work surface.
Crew to get a firsthand look at the dangers of the public schools."
"We've been second to Arizona in our state for a long time," he said.
Travelers' stock rose $1.75, to $47.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Obviously, spending Monday night in New York, appearing on the Espy awards and on "Late Show With David Letterman" did not hinder Hill's performance.
Now it's for the birds."
"They were still moving at whatever speed the barrel was," Captain Schmucker said.
Going into the draft, they were thinking about helping themselves on many fronts.
Some stand and cheer at the four-foot high slanted ice block with three tracks.
Not as bad as the Nets need victories.
Across the decades and into the archivist's headset sounds the murky, oddly optimistic voice of President Richard M. Nixon as he conspires at further incumbency yet cannot resist an aside for the ages.
Hamilton can look back now and realize he was unprepared for that responsibility last season, when he struggled to cope with the league's physical play, in every game, in every trip down the floor.
Much broader market indexes, including the Standard & Poor's 500, the New York Stock Exchange index and the Nasdaq composite index all hit new highs.
When McDowell departed after throwing 89 pitches, the Yankees were trailing by 8-3.
The billings were not disclosed.
My marathon run certainly won't be pretty.
Kafelnikov lost his temper and threw his racquet several times after unforced errors during the 1-hour-44-minute match.
AN American roaming Paris in search of jazz has to wrestle with celluloid phantoms.
CGM Capital Development, for example, which is closed to new investors and therefore not on our list of recession-vulnerable funds, had roughly two thirds of its holdings in cyclical stocks at the beginning of the year.
Support in Congress for the deployment of 20,000 American troops to Bosnia, never strong, seemed to erode further today when a group of Republican senators broke with the leadership and announced they would vote to disapprove the mission.
As the two top milers entered in the 88th Wanamaker Mile, both hope to accomplish their goals on Feb. 3 at the Chemical Bank Millrose Games at Madison Square Garden.
rules require that a loan can only be repaid with the assent of the borrower, who can then hand over the debt to the person who paid off the loan, or order the F.D.I.C.
Mrs. Kiddon confesses: "What I'm really worried about is that we're becoming suburbanized.
But by modern industrial standards, the pipe was brittle, she said.
In the opening scene -- a bank robbery in which the bunch is ambushed by the bounty hunters -- a gunfighter's fall from a balcony is intercut with surrounding action four times before he hits the ground.
Blame it all on the line at Drexler's, the line out into the street.
"I feel just the opposite.
"I don't drive -- I need the bus.
Some American tourists, in fact, have been frightened by the crime accounts, and Brazilians here have felt relatively safe in comparison with home.
While the early antisense drugs in the company's clinical trials have limitations related to their ability to penetrate cells and survive in the bloodstream, Isis "has already developed and begun to receive patents on the second-generation drugs that will solve these problems," Mr. McCamant said.
Zucchini are the embarrassment of August -- so many, so big, so bland.
"She told her friend, 'If anything happens to me, tell my family I was living a very happy life,' " Mrs. Pinto Machado related in a telephone interview.
The same criteria apply to private school students, since state law requires the city to provide comparable transportation for them.
"Supermarkets are much more service-oriented in other parts of the country," said Pat Sundel, a nine-year resident of Chappaqua who shops at the Grand Union there and whose father was a supermarket manager in New Hampshire.
It is space of the mind.
The airline said it would like to reduce its unit costs to 7.5 cents by mid-1997.
The ship left after being detained for more than a week.
The previous theory, he wrote, predicted that "fielders select a running path that is straight with constant speed, resulting in a curved optical ball trajectory."
*The New York Times charged Off Broadway advertising rates and the advertising agency halved its fees, so the production bought $180,000 worth of pre-opening advertising for about $110,000, Mr. Grove estimated.
On July 22 fire broke out in the engine room of Regency Cruises' Regent Star, carrying 858 passengers, putting an end on the second day to a seven-day cruise from Seward, Alaska, to Vancouver.
Ms. Kingsley's own works were little more than neatly arranged strings of steps.
The program's offices have been closed since June 23 and will not reopen until November, Mr. Hogan said.
"All of this verbiage about a deposit is nothing but a device and contrivance by those who have been for years endeavoring to distribute the revenue."
Earl Shumway was arrested more than 10 years ago on a charge of looting 34 prehistoric baskets -- a case that sent tremors through the world of amateur and professional diggers.
Finding the right gene, after all, is the easy part of what is likely to be a very long war.
It is these students who are facing serious problems, and who are the folks policy makers should worry about.
"The Chunnel is among the companies we are evaluating now," Mr. Sites said yesterday, referring to Eurotunnel P.L.C., the heavily indebted company that owns and operates the tunnel that links Britain and France.
So instead of raising money through the stock market, Packard Bell said last year that it would seek more private investments instead.
She romped regally from starting gate to winner's circle without flinching, and quit with a winning streak of five races.
"We wanted to go to the low post, but they took that option away," said Frensley, who combined with Holmes and Brian Griffith (12 points) in the backcourt for 55 of St. Peter's points against a Manhattan defense that entered the contest ranked second nationally in field-goal defense (37 percent).
Tuesday at 10 and 10:45 A.M. Bob Brooks gives a magic show with audience participation.
They then took a Samsonite suitcase with the diamonds, the accounts said.
The officers were driving north on Third Avenue around 7:30 P.M. when their unmarked blue Chevrolet was hit by a maroon Toyota Camry traveling east on East 92d Street and then crashed into a light pole, the police said.
He's selling and he's hoping they're buying."
"Excise taxes are more complicated questions, so when you look for motives one can't simply ignore Rangel's asserted motive."
A trio of short stories, each featuring the work of Henri Matisse and each containing sharp insights into female sensibilities.
An advisory council to President Clinton has recommended, after two years of study, that every community connect its elementary and secondary schools to the Internet -- the network of millions of computers around the world that provides a limitless array of on-line information.
But if the Buckeyes lose or tie Saturday, Northwestern (8-0 Big Ten) will be on its way to the Rose Bowl.
Here are a few of the cliches the band sang on Tuesday: "Tomorrow is just another day," "I'll take you to the promised land," "Nothing lasts forever" and "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth."
The letter E never occurs in this 1969 French novel or in its translation by Gilbert Adair; what does occur is a wild feast of puzzles, mind games and broken rules.
In addition to his brother, Mr. Koch is survived by his wife, the former Gail Kleinberg of Manhattan; a daughter, Joey Kara of Manhattan; a son, Andrew, of Maplewood, N.J., a sister, Pat Koch Thaler of Manhattan, and two grandsons.
The worst choice would be William Del Toro, the late Assemblyman's brother.
The film division reported operating profits of $129 million, a 13 percent increase over the previous year, largely as a result of the success overseas of "Batman Forever."
On the Democratic side, those curious about Jesse Jackson's White House intentions should check to see if he's paid off the remaining $150,000 debt from his 1988 campaign.
As for Japan, Tokyo claims to pay 70 percent of the costs of the American forces in Japan, but that calculation excludes the troops' salaries; when salaries are included, Japan's share drops to half.
Alexander Sanger, president of Planned Parenthood of New York City, said at the news conference, in Manhattan, that doctors in the future would be able to offer women "medical abortions in the privacy of their offices in small towns and urban centers throughout the country," with no need for those women to cross picket lines or face the threat of violence.
He lives in Baldwin, L.I., with his wife, Afroz; a brother, Saad, and his wife, Zeshan; a sister, Ayesha, and her husband, Ali Azam, and seven children, none of whom are old enough to fast.
Using the phone, the commission said, he succeeded in opening an account at Nomura's New York office, saying that he had more than $7 million in cash as a result of selling some restaurants he had owned.
Bacterial meningitis recently killed a baby who attended the Center day-care program, officials say.
According to court papers, the suspect had used a computer to send images of nude preteen-age girls, some of them in sexual situations with adult men.
Enter the new dark blue blouses.
It is a speed trap on the data superhighway, a Bermuda Triangle in the information ocean, the junk food aisle in cyberspace's digital supermarket.
But once again both sides spent as much time bullyragging one another as they did questioning witnesses; once again the inquiry sought more hindsight than insight, and produced little information that enriched the public record on the Branch Davidian raids.
But despite Steinbrenner's comments in the radio interview, it appeared the two sides might be close to a parting of the ways.
But as the private market scrutinizes health care more, Mr. Pataki can afford to scrutinize it less.
Laparoscopy: Surgical procedure in which a small incision is made near the navel so that a tiny fiber-optic instrument can peer into the pelvis.
To the Editor: Your May 8 news article on the New York City Rent Guidelines Board's new emphasis on landlord needs grossly understates the extent of the bonus to landlords in the proposed guidelines.
Normally, I spend about a day and a half schmoozing.
The provisions, which Republican leaders succeeded in restoring, would prohibit the agency from spending any money next year to regulate commercial development in wetlands, air pollution from refineries, water pollution from city sewers, pesticides in food, and the like.
To the Editor: A resounding thank you to the inconsiderate person who allowed a dog to defecate on the driveway leading to 500 East 85th Street at about 11:15 P.M. on Easter Sunday.
A businessman, Uri Zohar, is named in court papers as the president and sole stockholder of the New King Cinema Corporation.
Mr. Winter, 29, is studying for a law degree at the University of Maine.
"It seems premature in light of the fact that the appeals process is hardly exhausted," said Jeffrey Tarter, publisher of Softletter, an industry newsletter.
He said his new job, installing radiators on the Tarrytown assembly line, was killing his hands, which are still sore from carpal tunnel surgery 10 weeks ago.
In addition to blood tests for antibodies to the spirochete, diagnosis of neurological Lyme disease may require a spinal tap, an electroencephalogram (EEG), magnetic resonance imaging (M.R.I.
Listing examples like telecommunications, computers, fast food, films and over-the-counter remedies, he added, "and those wars continue."
She said, 'You mean Chrysler, the car?'
According to records on file in state court in Las Vegas, Mr. Cano got it all started on Nov. 15, 1992, at the Golden Nugget casino.
Although the changes brought record levels of exports, foreign-exchange reserves and industrial expansion, India's overall growth rate since the changes began has averaged only 3.5 percent, half of what it needs to begin catching up with neighbors like Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand, which have per capita incomes several times India's $330 a year.
"Now she's back, and now it's even tougher to play her than before because now with all the publicity, everybody is for her.
Only eight and a half acres have been developed, however, leaving four and a half still available.
And, of course, current success is no indicator of future results.
Messier, who is in a minor slump, raced down ice alone while killing a penalty, but was denied by goalie Nikolai Khabibulin.
In a meeting with Administration officials on Thursday, Senators Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York and Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland complained that the White House was sending mixed signals.
But proponents take a very different view.
He has hit more greens (80 percent) than anyone in the field.
Under California law any judgment obtained by the Goldman family is good for 10 years and can easily be renewed every 10 years thereafter.
There are too many actors involved to easily locate suspects, and it is difficult to know if a particular compromise was caused by a mole or by some technical feat of the other side.
"Look up in the sky," Mr. Garn appealed.
"In six knots of wind and smooth seas, NZL 32 was 10 minutes faster around the course," Peterson said, "and in nine knots with a normal chop on the water, it was five minutes faster."
The Seagram Company and the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company said last night that they had agreed that Seagram would buy 80 percent of the entertainment giant MCA Inc. for $5.7 billion in cash.
The music deftly alternates ariosolike declamation with lyrical flights.
Dr. Nusslein-Volhard was married briefly as a young woman, and kept the surname Volhard because it was already associated with her scientific reputation, but she has long been single and never had children.
so an employee who wants a new desk will have to check to see if an old one is available first.
79 and other great works, did listeners have to settle for good intentions rather than genuine accomplishment.
"This is not a new den for the Reagan family.
C18 The Living Section C1-10 At work with Alexander C. Sanger: In his grandmother's footsteps.
It is widely considered the most radical of the leftists guerrilla groups in Argentina in the 1970's.
"Weapons and black masks are not illegal for the police," he said.
With a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp and scallops from the pan.
Don't look for a decision the day after the season ends next Monday.
B. Allen dismissed both convictions against the man, Ronald Junior Cotton, as Mr. Cotton's family watched and applauded.
"We were stunned," she said.
So did the rest of the Detroit Red Wings.
Two young groups (the Schmid-Pernette and Fattoumi-Lamoureux companies) are to make their United States debuts this week.
"But at others, including Prudential, the practices were so widespread that I think the companies had to know what was going on."
Several years ago, Mr. Morris was quoted as saying he liked to win "mean," but not "dirty."
"My wife and I have discussed this thing about retirement," the 76-year-old Robinson said.
Over the weekend, representatives of each of the three main companies involved worked to hammer out an agreement on carriage.
The administration's chief negotiator, Joseph B. Summa, said Friday night he was hopeful about a settlement.
But I know how to use what seems like the democratic process to maintain my power.
A12 WILSON MAKES IT OFFICIAL On a visit to Manhattan, Gov.
By contrast, he said, the new Fremont Street will remain the place where you can walk from one casino to the next.
"Negotiations are at a very advanced stage," he said.
He met his horse, a 2-year-old named Devils Marble, who had never raced before, and his trainer, Richard Schosberg, who said: "He's a big horse.
That is the key difference between the first-half Mets and the second-half Mets.
The building became a magnet for Czech nationalists from Bohemia, a medieval kingdom that fell under Hapsburg rule.
In Brooklyn and elsewhere in New York City, scores of billboards have illegally intruded into the urban environment.
before he died of AIDS.
Dole, for his part, makes it clear he has revealed as much of himself as he cares to.
The test results presented a dilemma, Mr. Sansone said.
But they believe there is a need for one.
Ms. Holcomb directed them to City Attorney Charles J. Guttman.
But when wounded nerves were exposed to a chemical that inhibits the conversion of pregnenolone to progesterone, or exposed to RU-486, a chemical that blocks the action of progesterone, thickness of newly produced myelin sheaths were decreased significantly, they reported.
"Just as you never forget the first woman you were intimate with, you never forget the first person you made a political deal with," he said of Mr. McManus.
Mr. Brown suffered a perforated eardrum, a broken nose and bruised ribs and jaw.
Calvin Klein, who sends out his models unadorned, said that for him it was a matter of "integrity" not to insert gimmicks.
The college is on Bedford Park Boulevard West and Goulden Avenue in the northwest Bronx, and the gallery is open Tuesday through Saturday from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. free of charge.
Shortly before he died, Mr. Matthews had given corrections officers information on heroin trafficking at the prison, according to Department of Correctional Services documents, and authorities investigated a tip from an inmate that prison dealers killed Mr. Matthews in retaliation by supplying him "with some high-powered raw dope."
Will 1995 really be the second of those biblical "seven fat years," with a sustainable 3.6 percent expansion rate, which the International Monetary Fund's managing director, Michel Camdessus, cheerfully proclaimed at the annual meeting in Madrid last October?
Also an early investor in UUNet, the company is now looking at software and has invested in two start-ups in the education market and a company called Illustra, with software for multimedia Internet developers.
He no longer dominated legislation as he had in the 1960's and 1970's, when he was the most influential voice in Congress on military affairs and when, widely respected for his integrity, diligence and judgment, he was called upon time and again to investigate touchy political matters, particularly those that had embarrassed the Senate.
In Springfield, Fred Ostry sold his international manufacturing company and founded Shuttle Services with his wife, Randi, in January to spend more time with his children.
The Indianapolis Airport Authority said the agreement with BAA U.S.A. Inc. should save it $100 million over the 10-year contract because of more efficient management and new sources of income.
The right brain hemisphere "does well with single word comprehension," Dr. Tramo said.
Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi's husband, Michael Aris, a Tibet scholar at Oxford University, and their two sons continue to live in Britain.
Singing is also the practice of musical values: singing the right notes, singing them in tune with correct rhythm, employing the hesitations, rushes of speed, elongations and contractions of phrase that express harmonic change and movement, not to mention the words they carry.
Ms. Rowell declined to comment for this article, and instructed her staff to do the same.
Mere membership in the same multiple listing service does not create any conflict of interest problems when the buyer's agent enters into an appropriate agency agreement to represent the buyer's interests exclusively.
(They never did find the bullet, you know, no matter how Mike Wallace pooh-poohs it all on "60 Minutes.")
Surely, the young men below in eight-inch-high multicolor platform sneakers are not about to be intimidated by fashion dictates.
"It was not inevitable that we would find ourselves in this situation," said Mike Mochizuki, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Sleek skyscrapers soar above it.
Officials in the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the agency that owns the buildings, declined to comment on the decision.
Hardaway banked in the game-winner.
In 1985, he made it into "The Guinness Book of World Records" for having logged more hours on camera than anyone else on commercial network television.
What was life like before automobile pollution?
is bigger than half the countries of the world, and because he's so cool and would definitely liven up that stupid group photo they take every year of seven white guys in suits.
The producers were Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein 2d.
New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
The three youngest actors have the toughest roles, and they shine in them: Rebecca Waxman as Dylan, the hard-edged teen-age seducer who, without a word, lets one sense her loneliness; Amy Hargreaves as her stepsister, Tiffany, searching anxiously for a strong family bond by snappishly rejecting everyone around her, and Michael D. Gallagher as Tiffany's brother, Ryan, all clumsiness and hesitation, who in the end reveals a caring strength.
But evidence presented to the panel unquestionably found the benefits of activity to far outweigh the risks.
argues that though cuts were made, its back is now against the wall with the prospect of reduced subsidies.
There is growing suspicion that stagnation of wages might be due to permanent structural forces.
" (Word & Image, Oct. 8), Max Frankel is right to lament that "children spend more of their youth staring at the screen than attending school."
The film might have been something like "The Lion King Goes to the Colonies," an idea nightmarish in its lack of creativity.
Among the broader indicators, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 1.16 points, to 582.63, and the volatile Nasdaq composite index increased 11.93 points, to 1,014.20.
And so, on Tuesday morning as the snow fell, Ms. Carrasquillo decided to take her two boys shopping at Little Chester Shoes on White Plains Road, near the Bronx Zoo.
Still, the jury decided he was part of the conspiracy.
"The primary medium for working with the retarded child is imitation," says Robert J. Seibold, the Batavia school's longtime superintendent.
At least a century old, these "stones" are fully intact.
The declaration, accompanied by great musical fanfare in the background, comes after either four and a half or five innings, depending on which team is ahead, in accordance with major league rules.
Investigating Senator Daschle Topics: Long string of pearls.
A Deadly Parallel To an Old Underground The new Jewish underground that killed Mr. Rabin, the police say, appears to have almost uncanny parallels with the earlier Jewish underground growing out of Gush Emunium in 1984.
b-Included a one-time interest expense of $ 1 million resulting from the 1995 reorganization of its capital and debt structure.
"This year, we expect to run at 85 percent occupancy."
Wide receiver MIKE SHERRARD reinjured his hamstring and safety RODNEY YOUNG had leg cramps.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the holding company controlled by the investor Warren E. Buffett, said yesterday that while first-quarter net income fell 9.5 percent, its profit from operations rose 52 percent, led by improved underwriting results in its catastrophe reinsurance business.
In fact, we tended to hover indecisively between cold platters of seafood salad, chicken salad, vegetable salad, artichoke hearts and assorted fruits and hot platters of pasta, quiche, fried chicken and sausage, deciding in the end to try a little of everything.
Such charges were offset by an income tax benefit of $ 4.3 million attributable to prior years.
By halftime the lead was 42-33.
This form of wind stress causes hanging traffic lights to blow a foot or more up and down in the air, occasionally cartwheeling over and over, and, rarely, to crash down onto the streets below, becoming lethal at worst and useless at best.
Both children were reported in stable condition at the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children and Women.
But the bill sets more stringent standards than the House proposed for such withdrawals, and the money could be used only for health care and other employee benefits.
The family, which stretches from the California coast to the Brooklyn Bridge, may be a model for the Internet generation: they keep in contact with pictures, text -- including E-mail to Santa from the younger family members -- and video clips through a family Web site on the Internet's World Wide Web.
"It's got the best of us puzzled."
In 1967, he was named associate university dean at the City University of New York, responsible for developing and overseeing a statewide remedial education program for eight senior colleges.
The negotiators refused to describe the tentative agreement in public.
His political clout in Russia is draining away.
In 1994, about 50,000 Americans had atherectomy, compared with 370,000 who had angioplasty.
Although Congress was still in recess, a spokeswoman for Mr. Gingrich indicated that the White House reply fell short of what the Republicans wanted.
Both times the crowd goes wild, and after the evening performance, I wait for Jbara on the sidewalk.
And he tends to get plenty of sympathetic nods when he describes the Government's fiscal plight this way: "It used to be in this country the parents buy the farm and they mortgage it, and they work all their lives to pay it off and give the farm over to the kids clear and free.
Mr. Hurd won praise in 1960 as the male lead in John Cassavetes's improvisational feature film "Shadows," which the director shot without a screenplay or written dialogue.
Queen Latifah, the rap star and television actress known for her lyrics denouncing violence, was a victim of a carjacking early yesterday in Harlem in which her boyfriend was shot and critically injured.
"When we blitzed with the Giants, it was a change of pace.
About 200,000 Cambodians reached the United States, with close to half settling in Southern California, particularly in the Little Phnom Penh section of Long Beach, where they began their doughnut boom in the 1980's.
IN THE FILM -- Watches Donald J. Trump arrive for a performance at the Shubert Theater.
In the ensuing week, the home page recorded more than 30,000 visits, he said.
B12 Soccer: Fight for free-agent rights in Europe.
The McDonald's Corporation said yesterday that Brad A.
Last November Gooden, having shown no improvement, was suspended for this entire season.
How'd you end up doing comedy?'
I remember there was one tall woman I had to run to keep up with; she had a very bad attitude."
Calls to Du Pont and Hoechst Celanese were not immediately returned.
A grieving has been taking place.
The picture, of the drummer Babatunde Olatunji and a member of his troupe, was by Jack Vartoogian, not Steve J. Sherman.
Unlike outspoken opponents of the regime, he did not have to wash windows or stoke coal ovens; he managed to stay afloat by remaining publicly noncommittal on politics.
Edberg was never in the match today as Washington reeled off 21 of the first 31 points to take a 5-0 lead.
Despite the Chrysler Corporation's rejection of his $22.8 billion takeover bid, Kirk Kerkorian appears to be far from ending his battle for control of the company.
"This is something we'd like to do if we could just get a little more of our tax dollars back," Mr. Brewster said, gesturing at a house in the making.
As Mary Jane Phillips-Matz suggests in her recent biography, Verdi may even have had an illegitimate daughter, as Boccanegra did.
Islander Coach Mike Milbury had hinted before the game that something like that just might happen if Clark (who celebrated his 29th birthday today) did not start producing soon.
Chateau Mouton-Baronne-Philippe had changed its name by 1989 to Chateau d'Armailhac.
But his firm threat of takeovers gives Dr.
The Carter Center report is right to raise this alarm.
But by outward appearances at least, there was no break between the brothers, who were often seen together at family gatherings.
Mr. Fonville said it had been his custom to take a nap after getting off of work at 11:30 A.M. Now, he said, he stays awake so he can catch the trial, which usually starts at noon here -- 9 A.M. in Los Angeles.
To the Editor: Your article on Jan. 1 headed "Jersey's Hudson Walkway: Stop and Go" fails to identify the real reasons that the walkway has not been more successful outside of Liberty State Park.
"It was too advanced," he said.
The network, which broadcasts round-the-clock in many cities, began with that schedule in New York about a year and a half ago.
Details are available from Bitwise at (800) 367-5906 or (518) 356-9740.
In the 1950's, he edited a book of essays, "Japan" (1951), which was praised in The New York Times Book Review as "outstanding" and containing "gems of writing."
Along with increasing stability in the financial markets, a drop in interest rates and the sale of some Government assets, Mr. Zedillo said, the surge in spending should make for a noticeable recovery this year.
Small and midsize banks are eager to offer home banking to give them an edge over larger institutions.
In the not-too-distant future, Lola Hart, a 12-year-old New Yorker, tries to make sense of a culture tainted with corruption, pollution and murder even as she is inexorably drawn into it.
With their shining, idealistic faces, they are picture-postcard revolutionaries working against a government run by cigar-smoking, sour-pussed monsters.
And it's grounded in sports, making it a story appropriate for Nike to tell."
Local people have been lining up since the 1940's for all-you-can-eat home cooking at Mrs. Wilkes Boarding House, 107 West Jones Street, (912) 232-5997.
"Kids sometimes turn in 1-yen or 10-yen coins," Mr. Ohira said.
And it doesn't involve the sort of midnight diplomacy Israel used with the leaders of Egypt, Jordan and the P.L.O.
In his "Contract With Hoosier Seniors," his campaign manifesto, he has ruled out any increase in taxes for Medicare.
"On the one hand, you'd like to take a strong stand for a product whose integrity is unquestioned, not to mention that, unlike tobacco, it's a product we actually use.
"I'm uncertain how this could lead to any relevant evidence," he said.
For more than a decade, BRUCE ROBERTS was content to write songs for others, among them Aretha Franklin, Whitney Houston and Dolly Parton.
"We feel it will be more profitable for us to do business in a smaller space," said Jim Round, vice president of marketing for the Hastings Group, which owns Wallach's.
Reaction to the movie was positive, he said, despite the fact that Slovenians, like others in the former Yugoslavia, are daily confronted by images of ethnic conflict.
The truce has been crumbling with the arrival of spring weather, and Mr. Carter said the five nations seeking to broker a Bosnian accord had been hobbled by their own disagreements.
The auto maker purchased ads at several locations on the World Wide Web, the Internet's multimedia service.
The land dispute has also focused attention on the disarray in the Rabin Government, with many ministers saying they did not even know of the original decision to seize land and with incorrect data having been made public at times.
"It's a more expensive blend, and if you don't need it, you don't need to make it yet," Mr. Dreis said.
He transformed himself from a colorless Soviet-style manager to an anguished statesman, working hard to protect the lives of the hostages and bring a faster end to the debacle in Chechnya.
Place the butter in the pot and turn the heat to low.
"The roof got lifted off and set back down, so every time it rains, the ceiling leaks," said Andy Waner, an assistant manager of the store, which sports a huge collection of old dime-store westerns.
In large measure, that is because the underlying factors that have generated such big increases over the last few years remain in place.
Bolstering the Government's efforts to seize the assets of convicted drug dealers, the Supreme Court ruled today that defendants who agreed to forfeit their property as part of a guilty plea were not entitled to a judge's review of whether the Government was taking more property than authorized by law.
Simmer said there were two-foot winglets on the rudder, a design innovation never seen before on other cup yachts.
(AP) BOXING Barnes Wins at Armory The welterweight contender Larry Barnes of Mount Vernon, N.Y., stayed on course for an expected title shot later this summer at the International Boxing Federation champion Felix Trinidad with a unanimous 10-round decision over Steve Larrimore of the Bahamas last night at the Lexington Avenue armory in the second pro boxing card to be held in New York City this year.
Yesterday, the Dow closed at 4,767.40, down 25.29 points.
He knows how to work behind the scenes to get things done.
In 1980, the Boardwalk casinos had more than enough high rollers, who arrived by jet, helicopter and limousine, as well as bused-in low-rolling slot players.
But we're playing some teams that are struggling a little bit."
A1 Business Digest D1 Home Section C1-10 House Proud: the confessions of an 'Aqua Frau.'
So what's next for Bowe?
31 FAMED BROOKLYN HOTEL BURNS More than 500 firefighters battled an early-morning blaze that gutted a portion of the landmark St. George Hotel in Brooklyn Heights and heavily damaged two buildings that were once part of it, including a 30-story co-op.
Even by the standards of Balkan diplomatic parlance, it was viewed as an extraordinary statement illustrating how radically the situation has changed.
The pact reserves a share of Europe's banana market to each of several Latin American nations.
"We don't drive, and it has really been a hardship.
When Rita leaves her husband, Steff bribes their daughter Sandra (Yaba Holst) to look after the baby while he pursues his wife.
That money disappeared in the shooting, but the Haitian Government has said it regarded Mr. Feuille's death as an assassination.
"I think they've made a serious political calculation to appear to be taking serious steps to limit youth access," said Dr. Richard A. Daynard, professor of law at the Northeastern University School of Law in Boston and chairman of the Tobacco Products Liability Project, a public-health advocacy group.
"It takes a lot of guts to make those calls and not just play it safe and play zone in that situation," Young said.
That pilot also told the investigators that it was the first time in his aviation career that he had made such a recommendation.
Until three years ago, Gerard Michael Brown, known to friends and colleagues as Mickey, had never imagined running a casino.
Past speakers have included Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese and Sidney Lumet.
Indeed, the agency touts its winner as epitomizing "the look of the decade."
He said he did not know the man well, although he described him as quiet, soft spoken and "well read" in African-American history.
Despite much talk about the dollar, he said, most of the buying was by investment funds hoping to reverse losses from last month's slide in wheat and soybean prices.
Much of the joy of amassing a CD collection is archeological -- burrowing through new-acquisitions racks, looking for a rare import copy or a particular pressing, comparing alternative versions of a composition, soliciting advice from the clerks about which Duke Ellington box set to buy.
And his troupe, based in Akron, will perform "The Big City" during its weeklong engagement at the Joyce Theater, beginning on Tuesday.
Mr. Diaz said he need $20 from the sale of the television set -- he told the jury it was for cab fare to his mother's Bronx apartment and a flop for Mr. Mitchell -- and Mr. Smith offered to help him get it for a commission of anything over $20.
When I asked about the difference, a senior French Defense Ministry official shrugged: "We do not believe in the no-dead war."
At least one choreographer in the 10th International Festival of Dance in Cannes, from March 22 to 28, pays tribute to him.
Movies on demand and interactive television will have to wait.
With Washington and its NATO allies facing the bleak prospect of confronting the Serbs or pulling out, which could involve as many as 25,000 American troops, senior Administration officials weighed their choices, but made no decisions.
Mr. Monk defined his role as "peripatetic conscience, devil's advocate, audience of one, multiple critic" and "essentially, a trusted friend of the actor."
Directed in the same lucid, simple, beautifully refurbished neo-realist style, "Lamerica" sends Mr.
But Mrs. Smith replied: "Mr. Khrushchev isn't really mad at me.
And second-ranked Conchita Martinez wasn't kidding when she complained about pain from a broken fingernail in the course of a quarterfinal loss to Lori McNeil in Philadelphia.
On Sunday at 5 P.M., an hour of music videos and commercials by Mr. Lee close the program.
"We originally did that concert for George Wein and his New York repertory company," Mr. Hyman said.
She argues in "The De-Moralization of Society" that the material, political and social gains made since Victorian times have been blighted by "no less considerable losses in moral well-being."
In addition, he was counsel to the Catholic Press Association for 25 years, retiring in 1982.
JAMAICA The View From a Troubled Body Many paintings by Harilyn Rousso, an artist who has cerebral palsy, focus on images of women with disabilities, like "Cats Don't Notice" (below), which portrays the hands of an arthritic woman.
Lincoln Center, which was to have presented the concerts on March 12 and 13, is offering refunds and exchanges at the Avery Fisher Hall box office or by mail from Lincoln Center Productions, 10 Lincoln Center Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10023, attention London Philharmonic.
Frequently, he says, caseworkers get rid of cases by dumping them on less-experienced colleagues or transferring them to another unit.
In fact, virtually every student I spoke with was confident about employment.
The first was in Colorado Springs in March 1991.
Once on his feet, he went to Green Thumb.
Rivals have argued that Microsoft's dominant position in operating software would give it an unfair advantage in the burgeoning market for on-line services.
You could play golf, but that didn't appeal to P. Roy Vagelos.
Charles Turner, an electrician from Poughkeepsie who works in the city, planned to drive in if there was a strike.
Wine list: The list, which once featured mostly expensive wines, has been expanded to include a few for as little as $16.
In the case of two takeovers five years ago, Federal investigators say the answer was yes, over and over again.
This deferral request, they said, amounts to an indication that the court may soon indict some Bosnian Croat leaders, including Dario Kordic, a former military commander in the area who is now vice president of the Muslim-Croat federation in Bosnia.
He played well in the college bowl games, had good workouts at the combine in Indianapolis and, at 6 feet 2 inches and 225 pounds, has the size and arm strength to be a premier quarterback in the N.F.L.
Twenty-three players couldn't break 80.
Edelmira and Joseph R. Wolfe had come here two decades ago to spread their ministry as Jehovah's Witnesses where they felt it was needed most.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But the other day, he was listening to a man pitching a vacation package that sounded more like an ad for a war movie.
In clinical trials, Avonex slowed the progression of multiple sclerosis by about 40 percent and reduced the relapse rate by about 31 percent during a two-year period.
He is of a generation of ballplayers that, in the late 1980's, began showing such small acts of independence as arriving at the ball park in red sports cars, which fairly screamed rebellion in parking lots filled with their elders' requisite white sedans.
Mr. Scully, who was a top budget official in the Bush Administration, explained how he got results on Capitol Hill.
After scraping through the first round with a 6-3, 1-6, 7-6 (7-5) victory over Kristie Boogert of the Netherlands yesterday, Garrison Jackson pronounced herself unprepared to give up the game.
PROFANITY A lot, and it's loud and up front.
John Conyers of Michigan offered a bill that made it out of the House Judiciary Committee last term, proposing that any unilateral implementation of new work rules become subject to the antitrust laws.
The chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission said this week that he would "do everything I possibly can" to continue free public access to corporate disclosure documents over the Internet.
Dallas had won the last three by a combined score of 103-17.
The Microsoft Corporation, another institutional favorite, also rose 2153/16 a share, to 8913/16 , and the Oracle Corporation, a leading software company, rose 1 a share, to 38 5/8.
The Government contends that Mr. Wamwere and three men who are on trial with him were part of a group that invaded the police station and that three other members were killed.
" In schools of Kokura, which is now part of the city of Kitakyushu, teachers tell students what almost happened to their community.
He sat down with an assortment of ailments, primarily a sore right shoulder, which, judging from Beard's words after the game, could be more serious than it appears to be.
Rhodes is still trying to use up a 1993 gift of $1,500 worth of surgical gloves that its students are wearing in research labs.
Both fertilizer and equalizer, the Web has allowed a teen-ager identifying herself as Terren to publish her "Generic Growing Poem #88934" just a mouse click away from Time Warner's vasty-deep Pathfinder service.
Another explosive variant based on a nitrated form of a common chemical can be made using commercial urea; nitrourea is believed to have been used in the World Trade Center bombing.
Most companies and governments use them to reduce risk -- for example, insulating investment funds from the impact of interest rate changes.
Three members of E Pluribus Unum who agreed to be interviewed said their personal experiences provided the basis for their view that government does not necessarily exist to serve the people.
The suit does not seek damages for breach of contract against Mr. Saatchi because he was removed as chairman and subsequently left.
"Had we known about these two new charges, we would have asked for public hearings from the beginning," Mr. Packwood said today in a telephone interview.
B17 Columns: Rhoden on Reeves and Switzer B17 Hockey: Islanders name Milbury general manager.
"Meet Me in St. Louis" is being screened in the large Riklis Theater at 1 P.M. tomorrow and Sunday.
In 1991, he led a coalition of black moderates and conservatives who declared their support for Clarence Thomas's nomination to the Supreme Court.
Dr. Huguenel said his company was already making plans to try the spray on people.
Surviving a Crash Q. I have heard that drunks survive car crashes better.
The new regulation is an outgrowth of the initial offering last August of the Petron Corporation, an oil refiner and marketer.
"It's unlikely that MCI and Sprint would have been able to make it without regulatory protections designed to move the long-distance industry from monopoly to competition."
In the spring of 1991 he repeatedly came upon Carmen and her three cubs, who scampered up a tree in typical bear behavior, "enabling me to approach the refuge tree, talk and leave food," he said.
"She was a fierce promoter of Wellesley economics graduates.
Tour-leading eight titles in 1994, including a pair of Grand Slam singles victories at the French and United States Opens.
Hertz's smallest car is a Ford Fiesta or equivalent.
In the latter, youngsters analyzed fingerprints, fibers and more to solve a mock crime.
On Aug. 17, another bomb went off near the Arc de Triomphe.
South American Beef Gaining Favor After decades of being shut out of the world's largest meat markets because of an epidemic of foot-and-mouth disease, Argentina and Uruguay have contained the disease among their cattle and are expected to begin shipping fresh and frozen beef to the United States and other countries in the next six months.
After a bitter, 18-month struggle that centered on fears of a government takeover of the health care system, the Clinton Administration's sweeping plan to expand coverage to 39 million uninsured Americans has given way to bipartisan talk of incremental change in insurance laws to make coverage more affordable and harder to lose.
While there was no comment from either company about the meeting, the view from the outside was that barring the sudden emergence of a new bidder, a takeover by I.B.M.
"It's almost like I'm acting a role.
But the new trustees argued for a new approach: be realistic.
Cognitive dissonance, not to mention beauty anxiety, are setting in.
Because she is young, she is not under pressure to win.
These account for $266 billion, or 17 percent of the budget.
They include substituting lethal injection for electrocution, giving the state's highest court the right to set aside death penalty sentences in the interest of justice and allowing jurors to be interviewed privately about racial bias.
In a letter to the trust's board, Whitehall said its deal offered shareholders a better price than the Zell deal.
14 13 MOO, by Jane Smiley.
The producer of "Apollo 13," Brian Grazer, said people who nit-pick movies are a familiar type.
In an interview in the June 12 issue of Business Week, the Speaker says that he has "no compulsive urge to run" for President but might if "seven million people" beg him.
Nelson, who acquired Webber in a draft-day deal with Orlando for the rights to Anfernee Hardaway, merely saw him as any other first-year player: a great talent with a young mind in need of fine-tuning and discipline.
He began his career in 1957 as a reporter for The Charlotte Observer, a Ridder newspaper in North Carolina.
September "THE ISLAND OF LOST SHOES" -- Even if Imelda isn't in the audience, she should be.
Joseph McGrann, 39, took command of the precinct on Sept. 8.
16 41 SOUL MATES, by Thomas Moore.
If Mr. Rowland really means to repeal the state income tax -- his principal campaign promise -- he is going to need help.
Waving the rooster in the air, the winner flees, as the other men, in hot pursuit, try to grab the trophy.
Biological controls have gained impetus of late as both farmers and home gardeners have learned to use insect predators with voracious appetites as solvers of infestation problems.
United States participants have included George B. Kistiakowsky (science adviser to President Eisenhower); Jerome B. Wiesner (science adviser to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson); Herbert Scoville Jr. (a former deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency); Herbert F. York (first director of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory); Henry A. Kissinger, Robert S. McNamara, Stansfield M. Turner and other admirals, generals, policy makers and scientists -- an implausible list of candidates for Kremlin dupes.
He points to pictures of Willie Mays and other celebrities over the grill.
What went without saying was that the artists represented by the reproductions played these games for keeps: two- and three-point perspective, the alternation of thick and thin lines, the building up of a figure through the laying down of tone, the reduction of living bodies to a few essential "gestures."
After several hours of interrogation, Ms. Munoz, 25, was charged with second-degree murder.
After the comments, the German Government said preliminary western German inflation numbers showed prices 1.4 percent higher than a year earlier in the 30 days ended in mid-December.
The severity of the October decline, however, was magnified by a strike at the Boeing Company, without which it would have been just one-tenth of 1 percent.
"Our image has lagged reality," said Barry Sullivan, the E.D.S.
It would also allow Americans to sue foreigners who have invested here in properties the Cuban Government confiscated from Americans.
The Hotel Lancaster, 405 Cordoba, telephone and fax 312-4061, has 104 rooms and offers Old World style with antique furniture, a tearoom and spacious bedrooms.
Wall Street Profits Dry Up At Growth Engine Among the region's leading industries, the securities sector, comprised mainly of Manhattan's brokerage houses and investment banks, has had a particularly rough time.
If we couldn't, we weren't going to go into managed care.
Not Marxism, but more money for alma mater is what French students want in these budget-cutting days, reflecting a revolution of a different sort that began in higher education in France and much of the rest of Europe after 1968.
The Indians did not receive that advantage but instead played another division champion.
Lunch is 10 percent lower.
Remembering Auschwitz Lech Walesa of Poland, the writer Elie Wiesel and other officials and survivors confronted Auschwitz's memory, and today's legacy.
Recently Mr. Norwalt held meetings in the Merrimack High School cafeteria featuring Duane Gish, co-founder of the California-based Institute for Creation Research, a Christian group that argues creationism has a basis in science.
Twenty-five years later he commanded amphibious assaults in the war in the Pacific.
She broke into into that smile that always made him feel warm and lucky.
But if the recent crisis at the Bolshoi, which led to the dismissal of its legendary and autocratic artistic director, Yuri Grigorovich, centered on artistic clashes within the company, the scandal at the Kirov appears to involve mainly money.
"What would people like to be doing?
Ms. Blaine has been in and around the art scene since 1942, when she moved to New York City from Richmond to study with Hans Hoffman.
"This is not my decision, they decide," Milutinovic said Friday night from his home in Laguna Niguel, Calif.
"Normally, if you're in a situation like I am and you have a chance to go to the big league camp, the emphasis is going to be on Chris Hoiles," Gresham said, referring to the Orioles' starting catcher.
At Henry Horner today, the fear was the same.
That is exactly what he did in 1992, they say, after the second of two unsuccessful runs in Maryland for a seat in the United States Senate.
singles in the ninth, giving the BRAVES a 5-4 victory over the PHILLIES.
Meanwhile, Congress is drafting civil liability legislation that could limit damage awards.
I would say to those Republicans who believe in total privatization, you can't believe in the Good Samaritan and explain that as long as business is making money, we can walk by a fellow American who's hurt and not do something.
The "Quattro Canzoni Popolari" (1946) are similarly sugarcoated.
In the tournament, 32 players contested two-game elimination matches until the final round, when the two survivors played a four-game match.
thinks it can intimidate and terrorize us, they are wrong," he said.
A Win, and Perhaps a Loss The New Jersey Devils prepared for a Stanley Cup victory parade and for a possible end to their franchise agreement with the state.
Little study was required to know that TBN laid all the risk on baseball without guaranteeing revenues, and that changes since 1993, including Fox's rise and the robust ad market, necessitated that baseball redo or end TBN.
The simplest solution to all this travail, in the air or on the ground, is to bring one's own.
Four years later, Mr. Antar and his brother were convicted of stock fraud and racketeering.
At their wedding on June 24, all the serious consideration, struggle, humor and romance that made up their courtship was apparent.
YOU'RE one meal away from sealing a deal with a crucial client, and you have to impress him at a fine restaurant.
* Wear layers of water-resistant clothing.
"I think I did an excellent job.
STEAMROLLER GALLERY "Implied Dissent," paintings and assemblages by Michelle Henkin Bader.
Nokia of Finland ships cellular phones from its warehouse there and plans to build a plant employing 2,000 next door.
Voting was conducted by the league's coaches and no coach could vote for his own players.
In staging its comeback, Wall Street managed to overcome uneasiness about the implications of the sudden collapse of a venerable old British merchant bank, Barings P.L.C., and uncertainty about the direction American interest rates would take in the near future.
Silicon Graphics' machines are commonly used to create computer-generated special effects, like the dinosaurs in "Jurassic Park," and the company has close ties to Lucasfilm Ltd. and other film producers.
Mr. Terrasson does it by contrasts, bringing his group down to near inaudibility, then letting the musicians shout.
Motorists who tried to bypass the jam by driving on the shoulder were given tickets.
The two men said they had discussed the personal essay question at professional meetings, and realized how numb they were getting by reading hundreds of stock essays.
The annual budget for this new Los Angeles Ballet is $11 million.
Huizenga, Angelos and others spoke, people from different positions.
"But it was certainly my most spectacular."
Other legislators were disappointed that Mr. Rowland made no overtures in his speech to some groups whose support is crucial if the measure is to pass.
But if they do, they are not eligible for any financial support from Washington, like tax credits for investments or loan guarantees from the Export-Import Bank.
I'm always surprised when anybody likes it.
And for how long does Mr. Alexander have to be able to "stick around?"
Mr. Wilson and Mr. Giuliani stood together at City Hall after the Californian became the first Presidential contender to be granted an audience with Mr. Giuliani, a conspicuous holdout from an unusual series of endorsements that Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, the Mayor's political foe, choreographed for Mr. Dole earlier this month.
The House Judiciary Committee hearing room was stunned into silence today when Representative Sonny Bono, Republican of California, reprimanded lawyers on the committee for arguing over details of a crime bill provision to protect citizens during searches by the police.
It is so rough that Darnell Faust compares the strategy of chess to the strategy of street survival.
The Giants had a terrible time defending Dallas's underneath passing routes.
He has made wine in his suburban home for 13 years with up-to-date equipment.
We were challenged and we lost, baby, and that's all she wrote."
Producers and musicians come in with their entourages, she said, and "turn their noses up at them, but then they send someone back to buy them on the sly."
"And the industry wants to capitalize on that."
After all, Tyson is the romanticized urban renegade that most "gangsta" rappers only pretend to be.
Since the 1860's the Uighurs have periodically risen against Chinese rule.
I'll have the Donald Trumps and the coked-out strippers.
Mr. President, it is useful to articulate the many achievements for which the United Nations has been responsible.
But Date is not the player who put Japanese women's tennis on the map.
A spokesman for Mr. Claes said he was not available for comment.
Two Manhattan men became the first criminal suspects formally charged with a capital crime under the state's new death penalty law when they were arraigned yesterday in the execution-style slaying of three members of a Harlem family.
The Cavs improved to 5-1 in overtime games and made Mike Fratello the 24th N.B.A.
A standoff in Chile between the Government and the armed forces eased today when the military allowed civilian authorities to imprison a former secret police officer convicted in the murder of an opposition leader in 1976.
She promptly threw him out.
"Pornography has killed all this, of course."
Members of the expedition said the stench was like that of a badly kept stable blended with that of offal.
Richer said he has studied the opposition and come to the conclusion that "we have pretty much everything to win the Stanley Cup as long as we stay away from injuries."
O Canada Canadians have been welcome and prevalent among United States college teams since the 1960's, and this season there are more Canadians than Americans skating for the 12 teams in the ECAC league, 171 to 156. Who has the most?
On Tuesday, to mark the 40th anniversary, a hotel chef in Peoria, Ill. (whose residents are the champion per-capita consumers of the casserole), will whip up an 800-pound batch.
Since maintenance payments went down, "the market has picked up dramatically," he said.
He is survived by his parents, Rose and Isadore Geld of San Diego, and his sister, Helen Geld of Seattle.
Aides said their research showed that those commercials stuck in voters' minds and proved to be particularly effective.
Under an agreement reached last fall by the Historical Society, the New York State Attorney General and Sotheby's, which handled the auction, public institutions in New York State may acquire the works by matching the bids made at Thursday's sale.
The Pakistanis, he said, passed the information to United States officials.
Their returns, therefore, contrast sharply with the fourth-quarter performance of the average general stock fund, which improved its return in the last three months by about 2 percentage points, to 29 percent.
Much of the increased school spending in the last 25 years has gone not to regular classrooms but for educating disabled children, counseling and other social welfare functions, an economists' group said today.
Place over medium heat and cook without stirring until mixture turns a deep caramel color.
Wilson has started only 10 games in five previous seasons with Green Bay and Tampa Bay.
The Bonn-Berlin train leaves Bonn-Bad Godesburg at 9:58 P.M. and the main Bonn station at 10:15 P.M., arriving at Berlin-Charlottenburg at 6:57 A.M.
The index prices a fixed market basket.
Atmosphere: The comfortable, conservatively clubby room with high ceilings and widely spaced tables has been softened to give it a less corporate air.
"You have to keep your eye on the bottom line and the balance sheet."
So forget this blather from the Treasury about how we don't want the dollar to weaken further against the yen.
It was like winning at Clue when the game being played was Go, yet I had won something.
No cash, no bank card, no credit card, no traveler's checks; the line from Karl Malden's famous American Express commercials rang in my ears: "What will you do?
"We expressed our opinions independently because we have a great love for our game and have always been attempting to provide the very best for our organization and for our fans," Hemond said.
The treatment cost $30,000 to $100,000 per patient and did not work, the department said.
The book, which Mr. Gingrich dashed off during the Congressional spring break, got mediocre reviews and was dismissed as a retread of his earlier pronouncements.
Perhaps the Democrats can build a strong new house.
Any recommendation is likely to be debated because of controversies that have swirled around the vaccine since its initial development in a different form in the mid-1960's.
That says a lot about the Clippers' personnel.
In addition, the previously announced short-term maintenance shut-downs of the company's olefins and styrene plants in the second quarter further reduced earnings by about 6 cents a share.c-Net lossShares outstanding for the 1995 quarter and six months reflected the shares issued as a result of November 1994 financing.
Ms. Nichols said home and office air conditioners could be coated, too.
In a study out last week, the board said truck drivers who nod off at the wheel are a factor in up to 1,500 traffic deaths a year (the industry disputes this).
Specific brochures, maps and coupons are provided to his clients.
MOSTLY BALI, 324 East Ninth Street, (212) 777-9049.
After marching down Main Street in a small-town July 4 parade, Gov.
The association projected that growth in businesses' fixed investments, at 5.6 percent, would drop into single digits for the first time since 1992.
The peacekeeper was the 41st French soldier to die in the Balkan conflict.
These are tones Anna Sui has been aiming for in her next collection (last time, she went for the vinyl glossy colors of Japanese robotic toys).
Luzmila Zanabria, an official in the Peruvian Foreign Ministry, said her Government was pursuing all diplomatic channels to obtain the release of the Peruvians.
The pace of technological innovation has quickened and prices here are much closer to world levels.
It wasn't easy because the de Youngs, who built the de Young, and the Spreckels, who built the Legion, seem to have been San Francisco's Hatfields and McCoys.
He did not cultivate a beautiful tone for its own sake.
We have to make welfare what it was meant to be -- a second chance, not a way of life.
The AT&T Corporation came to the rescue yesterday of Unitel Communications Inc., Canada's second-largest long-distance telephone company, which has been laboring under a mountain of debt since last year.
and Motorola have yet to sell large volumes of computers using the chip, and the Intel Corporation's dominance of the microprocessor market remains unassailed.
"We could end up with the worst of possible worlds," said Thomas L. Neff, a nuclear weapons specialist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who first proposed the swords-to-plowshares idea but is a critic of how it would be carried out.
At one point she was asked to play Ian McKellen's mother.
She said today that the exhibit represented about one-sixth of the trophy art held at the Pushkin alone, and added that she felt no guilt over the 50 years of secrecy that had surrounded it.
He is the son of Dr. and Mrs. Byers of Shawnee Mission, Kan.
So far, fate has been exceptionally good to me and my family."
It's hard to imagine that "Apollo 13," no matter how big a hit, will ward off the big hits budget cutters have in mind for NASA -- already at 30 percent, and counting.
"We are deeply disappointed by what appears to an unwillingness on the part of the Administration to fully inform Congress about the spiraling costs of its Bosnia policy," the Congressmen's letter to Mr. Christopher said.
is believed to be the cup holder champion, with a whopping 14 in each mini-van.
"Where we had one Winchell's shop, they now have three or four Cambodian shops," Ms. Parker said.
"I think we've done that," he said.
The two have a history, one Harrick has not forgotten.
"We don't have so much money."
But with the industry enjoying a solid recovery, most executives are courting the more affluent customers.
Three of them are believed to have been in cribs or high chairs near the windows of the second-floor day care center, facing the blast.
This story of Duck a l'Orange County is no canard.
Mr. Clinton and his daughter, Chelsea, (whose code name, appropriately enough, is Energy) rode horseback eight or nine miles from the Rockefeller stables to the campsite.
The $650 million in nonrecurring revenues that Mr. Pataki would use to close the gap include $220 million from an M.T.A.
LA DECISION INEXPLICABLE: "Les Parents Terribles" becomes "Indiscretions."
Mr. Hayman added that columns of hot air rising from the street and the Hitachi sign's position, perched over the edge of the park and thus more exposed to direct winds, might cause the inconsistencies.
Worse, a conspiracy among esteemed doctors, including her wealthy boyfriend, Ralph Harbuck (William DeVane), may be orchestrating the deadly plot.
"Why doesn't the Government in Kigali try its own troops for the crimes committed against us?"
Walter Silverstein, his advocate, nodded his head.
MUTUAL FUNDS /Page 6/ Some mutual funds aren't flashy, but they do well year after year.
Florine Johnson, 50, of Pikesville, Md., said there was only one reason the Government had waited so long to restore relations: Vietnam was the war America lost.
It is one of several black-and-whites by Howard Goodman, which together threaten to steal the show, not because they are especially original -- studies of flatware, for example, are not exactly rare -- but because they reflect an esthetic purpose, as opposed to, say, technical virtuosity.
He became Mr. Handler's assistant.
First you can inject alcohol directly in the brew (B.G.
And in Chinatown, shoppers don't get the frills, free recipes or delivery that they would get at some stores elsewhere.
" The who's-the-boss question first shook the firm at the end of the 1980's, when years of quiet prosperity, marred only by the firm's association with the disgraced Mr. Nixon and Attorney General John N. Mitchell, also of Watergate infamy, gave way to rockier times.
The Chemical Brothers are two disk jockeys turned electronic musicians who have thrived by ignoring the factionalization of dance music.
And in 1976, according to campaign records, three bank officials personally loaned $750 to the campaign in its last month which was never paid back.
And authorities are just beginning to piece together the complex web of finances set up by Steffi Graf's father over the past decade that has become a public riddle.
"I put the message out on the street that he should get in touch with us," said Carlson.
Philosophy: "The neighborhood is constantly changing.
The complications have been described in a medical journal as the most prevalent serious drug toxicity in the United States.
It's a job that I wanted, a job I look forward to.
The Abkhazian government said it was Georgians who had crossed the border.
The indictment against her said that she made eight telephone calls to Mr. Fitzpatrick and traveled from New York to Minnesota last year to make partial payment to have Mr. Fitzpatrick kill Mr. Farrakhan in Illinois.
He graduated from Stanford University.
"The real value of his book, despite its wealth of data, is in Mr. Hacker's calm, analytical eye," Tom Wicker said here in 1992.
To make crust, preheat oven to 350 degrees.
There are no choreographic storms or tidal waves in "Breakers."
George E. Pataki, meanwhile, offered no hint of whether he would accept the Mayor's proposals to cut state spending on welfare and health care for the poor beyond the $1.9 million that he proposed in the state budget earlier this month.
Produced by Joseph Angier and Andrea Malin; written by Tom Brokaw and Craig Leake; edited by Mark Eiges and Elizabeth Karl; Bruce Brodoff, researcher.
But that boom is about to end.
But, as in Mexico, only a small percentage of the population benefits from the kind of investment he seeks.
That seemed to bode ill for his chances in the United States.
There was, she recalled, a concert she gave with Richard Tucker and Eileen Farrell in the South Bronx in the early 1960's.
The federation says the House bill would shift $70 million a year to 700 proprietary hospitals and 550 nonprofit hospitals that pay property taxes or similar fees.
Versions adopted by the Senate and House of Representatives both require the United States to oppose Cuba's admission to international financial institutions.
No bird feeders to fill, no mesh onion bags to pack with suet.
Settlers also shouted insults at an Israeli general who visited the area where the ambush occurred.
But the President vetoed the bill, so the prohibition never became effective.
Mr. Garn, toying with his latest victims, said, "It's trained."
The concerns were exacerbated by Mr. Gramm's recent calls for Republicans to put aside the debate over abortion, and by his refusal to pledge to pick a running-mate who opposed abortion.
Kymberly Ann Truman, the daughter of Lois Tillman of Philadelphia and Peter Truman of Millville, N.J., was married yesterday to Michael Alan Graves, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Earl G. Graves of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Guillermo Figueroa was the violinist both times.
And since Valentine's Day comes but once a year, there's no reason not to serve whipped cream.
A report by the Justice Department's inspector general, Richard J. Hankinson, concluded in September 1993 that Mr. Kimberlin had been improperly disciplined but that there had been no unconstitutional conspiracy.
After seven years of resounding success, Al Forno outgrew its tiny location.
And another officer was arrested after he used his service revolver to strike an employee of a topless bar in midtown Manhattan.
To their astonishment, they discovered that men use a minute area in the left side of the brain while women use areas in both sides of the brain.
"The wheels came off," he said.
He is Timothy James McVeigh.
BY delaying his war memoir so long, Mr. McNamara has greatly compounded the difficulty of his mission.
Lucas's signature as a coach has been the helping hand.
He sometimes does not call it a day until well after midnight, or later.
Reinsdorf and his general manager, Jerry Krause, are the geniuses who got caught up in some kind of macho negotiating game with Grant, and wound up paying their free-agent millions to useless Ron Harper.
That's because Ritts is a young Charlie Mechem, a quarter-century removed.
Before 1989 the police were silent about the murder rate.
"Heh, heh,"said the eldest of the Lefevre Brothers, a gamin of a guy with waist-long hair and a permanent grin.
But "Red Spot" is never cluttered.
But against everyone that's been there."
The Government investigation uncovered an intricate scheme worthy of a James Bond movie, involving black market deals, clandestine meetings in a bank in Astoria, Queens, phone calls and faxes to Moscow, a Ukrainian truck heading to a customs warehouse in Germany, and just last week, a final shipment of zirconium on an airplane to Amsterdam and then Cyprus.
Congress and the White House are facing a nominal deadline of midnight Saturday, when the current fiscal year ends, to agree on 13 spending bills for the 1996 Federal budget year.
"It's not that the dollars didn't matter," said Mrs. Karsch, a Mount Kisco resident who is an account executive for a public relations concern.
But while it may become necessary to redesign the evening news broadcasts, one thing must not change, the network executives say: whatever the person's race, sex or age, the anchor of the future must be an experienced journalist.
Three decades later, the 53-year-old Mr. Gabelli has become one of Wall Street's most respected stock pickers, with a stellar record of managing money for big institutions and, through mutual funds, individual investors.
They got excited seeing their names."
B9 Track: A hot time but a cold shoulder for Torrence.
"They provide a seasonlong ratings of the players based on their performance to date.
The Hospice of Phelps Memorial Hospital will benefit from funds raised next Saturday at an 8 P.M. concert with James Wayne conducting the Hudson Valley Wind Symphony at the Tarrytown Music Hall.
"A lot of young guys in the party are really center-right at heart," said Georgi Ganchev, a member of Parliament who defends business interests.
Most translations make the Bible sound as though it were written by Shakespeare or else that it was written yesterday.
C1 Health Page C9 Good news about cancer, and bad: where we stand.
The libretto is again an art form of choice.
The board made a similar finding about a child aboard a United Airlines jet that crashed in a cornfield near Sioux City, Iowa, in July 1989.
Mr. Stoppard is one of very few English dramatists since the Jacobeans to have preoccupied himself with things metaphysical as opposed to personal, social and political, and the only one to have packed theaters in the process.
Wake Forest (1-5) at No.
Following a paper trail that included bank withdrawals and Mr. Harris's driver's license renewal, investigators tracked the two to Washington, then Alabama, Georgia, Texas, California and finally Nevada.
Justice Minister Allan Rock told the parliamentary committee examining the legislation that he was prepared to accept changes like restricting police officers' ability to enter homes to search for guns and reducing first-time penalties for not registering guns.
On the flip side, the raw ethics of prisons are harrowing.
Mr. Torricelli said over the weekend that he has received a growing number of similar pleas since he disclosed the circumstances of the killings of Michael DeVine, the innkeeper, and Efrain Bamaca Velasquez, the husband of Jennifer Harbury, a Harvard Law School graduate.
But deregulation has been slow because it will make it harder for small and medium-sized domestic brokerage firms, which make up most of the stock exchange's membership, to thrive.
If a charge is filed, said Trevor Stephens, the assistant district attorney for Ketchikan, it will be misdemeanor assault.
Pearson's takeover may presage a more substantive move.
It was also the night of the winter's heaviest snowfall.
Rutgers Arts Center, George Street at Route 18, New Brunswick.
They appeared to be peaking for the playoffs.
Most people were already up."
The prayer day group relies on private contributions and is overseen by the National Prayer Committee, whose members are drawn primarily from among evangelical Protestants.
He got his hug -- and an autograph.
Ethiopia is last, with a national per-capita wealth of $1,400.
INSIDE PITCH DOUG HENRY yielded three runs in one-third of an inning in the eighth as the Rockies cut the Mets' lead to 11-4.
"Now they're saying, 'If you're so good, why not make your fees based on results.'
He said that Mr. Muslih "headed a gang of thieves that is also responsible for the death of people."
MERV GRIFFIN'S RESORTS CASINO HOTEL, North Carolina Avenue and the Boardwalk.
It is more intense than the blizzards of advertising that most candidates run on the eve of the actual voting.
So Europe's goal should have been to hammer out a settlement before creation of a Muslim-led Bosnia.
"I'd like to progress, do new things," she said.
PARK SLOPE Shona Stone Sculpture Sale Features Spiritual Beliefs Unlike more traditional art forms that come from Africa, like Benin bronzes from Nigeria or tribal statues and masks, stone sculpture from the Shona people of Zimbabwe includes inspiration from present-day circumstances -- as well as spiritual beliefs and folklore.
While writing "Revolution Within: A Book of Self-Esteem" (Little, Brown, 1993), she realized that the little girl who had nursed her mentally ill mother in a rat-infested farmhouse in Toledo, Ohio, had made a career as a caretaker of social change.
The fourth car was pulled from its chassis and was suspended in the air.
Over the last few weeks, Mr. Nardone, 38, an unemployed chef from Shirley, had charged more than $15,000 worth of goods on the card, including an air-conditioner, a typewriter and a living room set.
Using the same number of games the Reds played the Astros in each of their three series, in the 10 games before they played, Gant batted .237 with no home runs and 7 runs batted in (5 in one game); in the 10 games he played after the Reds-Astros series, Gant batted .243 with 2 homers and 5 r.b.i.
"You must be the new plant manager," he said.
Eight years ago, investigators had four or five cases at once; now they have 17 or 18.
That way, she could run the place if he had to go back to fixing televisions to earn a living.
"Last year was a tough year."
Mr. Lynch also is trying to force the administration to release a letter from the Internal Revenue Service about the state's pension system.
It just depends on what he wants.
They were evil; we were good.
The occasion for Mr. Albee's remarks was a sold-out evening of readings and speeches in honor of the 80th birthday of Mr. Miller, a playwright long known for his embrace of ideas and causes in his work and in his life.
The big ships that we see are the ferries that go to Corsica or Sicily, with an occasional cruise liner on a seven-hour visit.
"You can't jump off a roof or nothing.
"A lot of young guys would struggle after a 25-pitch first inning, but he just shook it off like nothing happened.
Mr. Collins surfaced again just before 2 P.M. Tuesday.
In one small empty white room, a paranoiac voice crescendos, "Get out of my mind, get out of this room, get out of my mind, get out of this room" (if you stand in the middle of the room, the voice seems to come from inside your head).
Floating on top was a brilliant conceit: thin slices of crisp, textured lotus root croutons.
I think they've learned quite a bit from all of this.
"I don't see any bake sales in Chicago for Hamas," said Raymond Hanania, a Chicagoan who recently was elected president of the Palestinian American Congress.
Dimitrov, overlooking Seirawan's sly little combination, fell into 29 Nc4 Rd5 30 Qe6 Kg7 31 Nc7!
* The ITT Corporation said yesterday that it had completed the sale of its ITT Commercial Finance unit to Deutsche Bank North America, a unit of Deutsche Bank A. G., for $2.6 billion.
Rubbing shoulders with local residents like Mr. Ready remains part of Route 66's appeal.
It was a rare moment for Beard, who has had trouble keeping things in perspective regarding the losses.
I wouldn't wish it on anyone.
He enjoyed both the religious and secular life.
"But financially we don't break even playing at Purchase or the museum," Mr. Kapp said.
"By putting someone close to me in Internal Affairs, I'm sending a message of my commitment," he said.
That way, Mr. Wolff was paid by the Board of Education for the nonexistent deliveries, and Ms. Salvatore would get kickbacks from him, according to the court papers.
The refugees said several people were killed in the attack.
"We all prayed, and believe me, the prayers were answered," said Dorothy Giustra, his maternal grandmother, who came from her home in Camden, Me., with her husband, a retired doctor and World War II veteran.
They advise viewers to use birth control every time they have sex until they are ready to become parents.
There are more colors and more choices."
In statements included in the probation report, she said she had suffered not only physical injuries but also mental trauma because Mr. Santos had invaded the "sanctity" of their marriage.
A 24-hour ticket for the entire system costs $5.70.
He graduated cum laude from Boston University and received an M.B.A. from Stanford University.
"Different Fields," a contemporary opera based on the experiences of a football player, presented by the Metropolitan Opera Guild, Feb. 7-18.
" If Ms. Loesch was new to "Goosebumps," it was only because her own son was then in kindergarten.
As a result, he said, "a situation considered critical and unsatisfactory by the U.S." could be gradually improved "not as a result of American bilateral pressure but because the developing world feels this is in its interest."
IN Oaxaca, red is everything," Rick Bayless likes to say, and as usual when it comes to Mexican cooking, he is right.
In loan servicing, a bank collects fees to handle mortgage payments and paperwork on loans.
Torin Kirtsey, benched for the opening quarter as punishment for missing two days of practice during the week, scored both Georgia touchdowns.
The detective stories are drawn from "Cop Talk," a book by E. W. Count, who with Kenneth Carlson, a New York City police detective, will discuss what it's like to have seen it all, including a drug dealer who murdered a man and left his body in a car near La Guardia Airport (for children 8 and up; Thursday, 3:30 P.M. at Glendale branch, 78-60 73d Place; 718-821-4980).
Of the four Yankee pitchers 26 or younger, only Andy Pettitte (1-3, 3.55 earned run average) has been steady.
"But one thing I'm very proud of is that we were not late delivering one early-morning tea," Mr. Herbert said, after telling how he had been literally blown across the meadow.
The Librarian of Congress, James H. Billington, played down the controversy, calling the show "a minor traveling exhibit" on the sixth floor of a library annex building that would have been seen primarily by library staff.
They are really going to do functional work in the terminal to upgrade and modernize it."
And he limited one of the best hitting clubs in baseball, the Colorado Rockies, to seven hits and one run, while striking out eight, including Andres Galarraga and Dante Bichette twice apiece.
Those incidents prompted the committee review.
Place the bundles in a steamer, cover and steam over the liquid for 15 minutes.
"I think every single drama does that," he added.
A computer-assisted study by The New York Times four years ago, which compared sale prices with assessments, determined that tax assessors made significant errors in estimating the market value of nearly half the single-family houses in New York City.
On Easter morning in suburban Phoenix, Community Church of Joy is offering worship services to suit nearly every taste: a sunrise service with country-style music; a traditional service with a 60-voice choir at 9, and at 10:30, an upbeat service with pop-style music -- all in the 6,000-seat sports stadium the church rented because its 800-seat sanctuary is too small.
He is the son of the former Orioles star Don Buford.
Yet Richard J. Schwartz, senior adviser to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, says the data show that the new screening procedures are working because people know they will be caught.
Among other things, Mr. Cabot, a 1919 Harvard graduate, endowed a dozen Harvard chairs and served for years on the governing boards of Harvard, Radcliffe and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Yet there are exceptions, instances in which Conceptual strategies in particular are restated in more personal or visually engaging terms, or pushed toward an accessibility that is almost populist.
Some of these problems may be worked out as the run continues.
They plan to be to southeastern Connecticut what Disney World is to Orlando.
"If you needed a favor, you went to the clubhouse," Mr. Bramwell said.
Of this group of artists, many of them born during World War II, Ms. Pierce is the shyest about performing.
For a quick gauge of the status of women in Japan, just cock your ear and listen to Japanese women speak -- or squeak.
He added: "When the delivery vehicle can be a lunchpail on a subway train in Tokyo, how do you follow that, how do you verify?
Dr. Biddle, who is known as Miller, graduated from Princeton University and received his medical degree from Temple University.
By entering the alliance, Motorola, a leading semiconductor and communications equipment maker based in Schaumburg, Ill., will be able to continue in the D-RAM business.
She was a member of the National Honor Society and won the 1994 Connecticut Interscholastic Swim Coaches Association Scholar-Athlete Award.
If it is just hype, all Bob Dole has to do now is go to Harry Evans and say here's my book, make me President.
"That putt was huge," said Freeman, who had six putts hit the hole and stay out on the final eight holes.
"I was hiding from the figure," he continued.
"Organ builders joke that three renovations equal a fire."
Morceli and his brothers, Abderahmane and Ali, had been planning this attempt since late last year and the 22-year-old Ali was the first of three rabbits to lend their legs to the cause in the five-lap race.
Arrested but not charged, 5,681 men, women and children are being held in the Kigali prison, a brick fortress built during the colonial era for 2,000 inmates.
The heroin's street name is Black Magic.
Another potential problem is that customers could find themselves captive in voice-mail jail.
Fox, a subsidiary of the News Corporation, which is based in Sydney, Australia, has said it has no immediate plans to create a national news broadcast.
They will serve as an early-season litmus test for the Kings.
And I have flown into Tokyo with a bagful of practical jokes to play on my friends there.
For example, while many suburban parishes have membership rolls of more than 1,500 families, St. Charles Borromeo here has just 125 families.
Lavish attention has been paid to the details of the decor: terra-cotta floor tiles were imported from Florence, and ocher-toned stucco walls were applied by artisans from Rome.
Paul Gianelli, Mr. Sylvester's lawyer, said that both women worked at clubs in Suffolk.
"It's an unbelievable end to an incredible year; I've definitely passed a few barriers I didn't think I could," said Graf, who broke down in tears twice after the match and, in an even more glaring departure from her usual stoicism, cried once during its next-to-last game.
At least this should be available."
I got a little rattled and I started to rush things and throw too hard.
John and David Trochmann, who once operated a snowmobile parts company in Minnesota, run a communications and sales operation for militia videos, books and other materials.
Mexico has asked the Swiss banking authorities to freeze the accounts.
He is followed at 8:30 by a group who perform the romantic, slightly melancholy Indian ghazal songs except on Wednesdays, and throughout dinner on Thursdays.
"But The Journal has a brand name.
From the start of the six-month, $8.2 million project, Laurence Lesser, the president of the conservatory, decreed that as little as possible be done to Jordan Hall's interior for fear of affecting the acoustics.
Long waits for housing and strict rules about who can live where make the idea of a gay enclaves, like those in Greenwich Village or the Castro, highly unlikely.
It was one of the first direct challenges to the central role in human conduct that Freud had assigned to the libido.
What a scary thought that was in some places where Watters settled.
"The reality is that responsibility for factual accuracy, in capital cases as in other cases, rests elsewhere" in the judicial system, he said, adding: "We do nothing but encourage foolish reliance to pretend otherwise."
The United Nations General Assembly voted 85-18 on Tuesday to approve a resolution that "strongly deplores" nuclear testing and "strongly urges" an end to all tests.
As much as any man, Bearden -- the last chief of the Soviet division -- had a good cold war.
Mr. Malone is reportedly seeking a preferred stock with a yield of about 5 percent.
Dave Winfield and Andre Dawson would add a touch of class to the camp.
Nine other charges were dropped.
It was during the Great Leap Forward of 1958, when Mao Zedong pulled millions of peasants off the land to make useless globs of steel in backyard furnaces.
In 1986, a dollar bought 2.2 marks and 170 yen; today those figures are down to 1.3895 marks and 89.50 yen.
Four years to the day later, Mr. Lehner proposed to Ms. Gill during an intermission in the show.
"It's been an educational experience.
Phil Hevener's Gaming Hotline, a newsletter, reported Monday that a front organization for Disney had taken an option to buy a 1,000-acre parcel west of the interstate highway that parallels the Strip in Las Vegas.
The age shift in CBS's programming strategy was money driven.
At a convention in January, they proposed a new party platform that condemned feminism, "environmental hysteria," and "the ideology of multi-cultural society."
Theresa said her appearances had been fun as well as educational.
No one much mentions the Hungarian Jewish collectors, whom the Nazis exterminated after seizing their art, which was then seized in turn by the Red Army.
The Tribune Company, which publishes The Chicago Tribune, has acquired the Everyday Learning Corporation for $25 million in cash.
He graduated from Lehigh University.
At the age of 42, a mixture of anti-deficit fervor and political shtick has vaulted him past more senior Republicans to become the youngest committee chairman in Congress and a member of Mr. Gingrich's inner circle.
And why doesn't the Government keep its books this way?
"We are actually a Turkish restaurant," our waiter explained, "but most Americans know so little of our cuisine that we prefer to call ourselves Mediterranean."
In announcing the resignation, Prime Minister Alain Juppe said Mr. Madelin was too aggressive in trying to cut public spending and social benefits.
Millions of American youngsters are spending, or will spend, several of their most formative years in the charge of strangers.
Both said, quite rightly, that Congress was the wrong place to try to resolve the labor problems of the national pastime.
How they please will almost certainly include time limits: 24 states have already applied for waivers to set limits.
But the Government is also doing all it can to create a de facto independence for the island by fostering new political, economic and cultural links with the world.
Roy Denman: This sceptered, smug, shortsighted isle.
Mr. Meciar pursued the attack last week by awarding a top journalism prize to an anti-Semitic magazine that regularly runs cartoons of Mr. Soros wearing a yarmulke.
Mr. Friedman's stories, with their whammo endings, tend to divide into two kinds: the first leave you whispering, "Wow"; the second go whistling over your head like an artillery round and leave you muttering, "Huh?"
The two sides have been zeroing in on an agreement involving the release of some jailed separatists in Kashmir, but over the weekend a snag emerged.
Many of the teachers are atheists or agnostics.
Jones had 11 points, Moore 8.
Outside of town, five Palestinian officers joined Israeli police officers in the temporary barracks of a new District Coordination Office.
I like it, because you get to make a program, like having a dance party and stuff like that.
Mr. Balbuena was arraigned on Tuesday in Brooklyn Criminal Court on charges of assault, criminal possession of a weapon and endangering the welfare of a child.
Wakefield, released by Pittsburgh before the season, then signed by Boston and called up from Pawtucket on May 27, took four consecutive victories and an 0.54 earned run average into the game.
There is a buzz surrounding the whole entertainment world in this year of gargantuan mergers -- but it's just a buzz, not a roar.
Ms. Rauch, who is 42, under four feet tall and walks with the aid of two canes because of a congenital bone disease, is one of the city's native indomitables.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed at 4,643.66, down 27.83 points; the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index finished at 557.45, down 2.26 points, and the Nasdaq composite index closed at 1,000.61, down 4.49 points.
But those marks have long been considered "unofficial," Mr. Connolly said, and until this year the Weather Service had called August 1964, with 50 one-hundredths of an inch of rain, the driest.
Germans would dislike the Eiffel Tower.
The rain is now almost a downpour.
Vendors will sell African crafts, flowers and fruits.
He's not a bad improviser, and his band performed a blues, with Mr. Carter taking the melody and the first solo.
But all three shared dreams that were not bound by the decrepit confines of their home.
In the spring voters in Levittown approved a $19 million bond issue for three years of capital improvements in all 14 schools there, beginning in the summer.
At some point, when there's compromise, some people have to agree with other people's positions."
Still, at the crucial moment, he and his neighbor in the adjoining desk, Senator LaRossa, pressed the green buttons on the desks to give the budget a 22 to 17 majority for passage.
It's always been an unsatisfactory but necessary evil -- there was simply nowhere else for them to go.
The nonbinding resolution, offered by Senator Robert C. Byrd, Democrat of West Virginia, was inspired by recent news reports that certain reporters had received "thousands of dollars in speaking fees from the very groups they cover," Mr. Byrd said.
They say that Borders was the first to express interest in 82d Street, 66th Street, and several other sites that now sport Barnes & Noble superstores.
As for the music, a recent Doug Schulkind show offered the following pieces in a row: a music box polka version of the opera "Carmen," what was called "urban-electric talking drum funk" from Senegal and jazz from the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
The review, which is to be published in the journal Obstetrics and Gynecology, concludes that available evidence "on the impact of combined estrogen-progestin treatment on the risk of breast cancer is still too limited" and that "neither a protective nor a detrimental effect has yet to be convincingly demonstrated."
The Scarlet Knights have gone 17 years without a bowl bid and last went over .500 in 1992 (7-4).
His irons are finding the greens.
The Fathers 'I Got Nothing' For the Children It is not hard to find some of the fathers who are wanted by child-support enforcement officials: They are on the street corners of inner cities, killing time.
That action forced 8,000 riders, twice as many as were inconvenienced in a job action Tuesday morning on the Hudson Line, to scramble for other ways to get to work.
"The truth is that DNA is accurate," Mrs. Pirro said.
It's not like there's no room in the car."
"I don't think we'll get the luxury prices because of the luxuries," Mr. Davis said.
Mr. Kopelson first read about the virus in an article by Mr. Preston in The New Yorker in October 1992.
These scientists have been looking for Machos chiefly in the Milky Way's central region.
had let fewer unsafe drugs on the market than had been permitted in any other country, but that the difference might not as great as Dr. Wolfe suggested.
OTB will also raise its payment to the N.Y.R.A.
Another leader of the Cali drug cartel was arrested tonight while he ate dinner in a Bogota restaurant, a police spokesman said.
The highest figure was a $21 million estimate for Sonoma County, where the Russian River did major damage to the towns of Guerneville and Hacienda.
The new nets caught smaller creatures, and caught them in prodigious numbers.
Shuttling around the world from his ancient French castle with a coterie of celebrity jet-setters, Mr. Cornfeld built his company, Investors Overseas Services, into a $2.5 billion financial empire that fascinated the news media, attracted small investors and plagued market regulators around the world.
In 1983, after about a year of culinary boot camp in the kitchen of the Berkshire Place, he was ready to move on.
In addition, the current exchange rates look good only in comparison with the dollar's basement levels of earlier this year.
Ms. Masters will serve as a liaison between residents and government agencies.
Unless he can download the stuff in 24 hours, his head will explode (he's already having nosebleeds).
She said she would brief Western leaders, including President Clinton, by telephone.
General Rios Montt was leading in the polls by a wide margin this spring when courts declared him ineligible to run for President, citing a constitutional provision that bars the candidacy of anyone ever involved in a coup.
But the Pataki administration apparently put strong pressure on Mr. Hellmuth, who has declined to discuss Mr. Marlin in recent days.
For some reason I now find myself speaking to other black men that pass on the street or at work.
"She will never work in the industry again," Mr. Turner said, "because the complaints have piled up like a telephone book.
"And I've heard "Beach Music" (Nan A. Talese/Doubleday) is just going to blow people away."
It is a pre-club meeting place that serves grilled ham and cheese sandwiches for about $2.
The company that issued the check, Association of Certified Liquidators, said no one had ever before tried to cash a promotional check.
But, having failed for years to come up with its own guidelines, it is now considering buying Milliman's as a basis for further efforts.
The weather could once more force the Agriculture Department to reduce its estimates of the corn crop harvest, now predicted to come in at 7.9 billion bushels.
I noticed his eyes glinting at me as we roared, and suddenly realized his had turned into laughter and mine too had imperceptibly changed from sorrow to show to laughter with little change in sound, and finally we laughed and laughed together until we were exhausted."
It implores all to put aside money for medical care "no matter how old you are."
The most significant omission involves education.
But Dr. Barnard, the researcher, said the estimated health costs were conservative because the meat-eaters in the various studies were not heavy consumers of flesh foods and because the researchers had examined only seven health risks for which there were strong data.
THEODORE R. KUPFERMAN New York
"We have to teach them the harmful effects of noise."
Current law provides companies with limited protection from investor lawsuits for business and financial forecasts, like prospectuses, that are filed with the S.E.C.
Tamoxifen is a leading drug used to shrink tumors and prevent new ones.
"It's the first time all day I'm not sweating," said Jean Robert, 31, who was visiting from Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
said he, trying to speak to her cheerily.
And less is paid in taxes, driving up the Federal deficit and further depressing savings (because the Government borrows to finance the deficit).
The accord aims to replace North Korea's nuclear reactors with ones that are safer and produce far less plutonium, a key ingredient in some atomic weapons.
The remainder of Pocahontas's life was scarcely less dramatic: virtually abducted by the Jamestown colonists, proselytized into submission, imprisoned in Jacobean bodices, married to the tobacco planter John Rolfe as "Lady Rebecca," taken to London and exhibited about the city as the "Nunpareil of Virginia," eventually expiring in the chilly Thames vapors.
's exclusive control over viewing rights crumbled.
The police said yesterday that no one knew when the captain of the Ninth Precinct would decide to open the street.
It is a city of detached homes on hillsides, with views of mountains and water.
"You couldn't breathe," says Christy.
Likewise, a chopped spinach salad with onions and cucumber, or a salad of chopped peppery greens, like watercress, and herbs works well too.
"They knew they couldn't block it so they did to do what's called stealing the thunder of the opponent," he said.
Mr. Simon was the author of the play "Born in the R.S.A."
And it will probably drop substantially again next year if Congress continues with its plan to gradually eliminate operating assistance over the next few years.
The closely reasoned tract, entitled "Industrial Society and Its Future," touched on politics, history, sociology, science and particularly the history of science and called for a nonpolitical revolution in which factories would be destroyed, books burned and humanity saved from economic and technological slavery.
"It was a nice change to come here," she said.
Group A strep is actually a collection of 80 distinct M-protein types of beta hemolytic streptococci.
The five and their recurring personality disputes provide a certain all-too-realistic domestic quality that gives the series continuity.
"We don't have any time sheets for Mrs. Clinton; they have disappeared."
The thievery in the backcourt continued well into the third quarter.
Jones scored from third to make it 5-4 and bring Bonilla to the plate with the bases still loaded.
If Delmore Schwartz was "the genius of the old Partisan group," as Mr. Kazin once wrote, Alfred Kazin was the critic.
Despite this underlying economic strength, the county government's budget had been built more on investment earnings than on taxes -- highly unusual in municipal finances.
Phil Nuytten (pronounced NEWT-ton), the underwater-technology engineer who runs the company, said Hard Suits so far has sold or leased nearly three-dozen of the $350,000 commercial Newtsuits.
Today at 3 P.M., Thursday through Saturday at 8 P.M., and next Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $18, or $14 for students and the elderly.
Mr. Rooney said he had received several calls from businesses worried about the violence.
TO many young people, a big draw is the offer of up to $30,000 in college tuition.
"Black marks on his forehead and cheek.
Barbara Hendricks's grainy but pleasing soprano was plausibly matched to this music.
In Sarajevo, Kris Janowski, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, said it would be of no practical interest to him if the Bosnian Serb leaders were indicted as war criminals.
While McDowell is also from California, he said nothing about raising anything, other than the middle finger of his right hand, a gesture, it happens, that every New York motorist routinely feels obliged to make.
"There is a dynamism, a dynamic force that propels us into the future," he said.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, unleaded gasoline for April delivery rose 1.26 cents, to 59.99 cents a gallon, the highest price for gasoline since Aug. 4, 1994.
Next week, he is walking to New Haven.
This year will be his last of organized basketball.
CARMEN McRAE: "For Lady Day, Vol.
Traders are constantly buying structured notes and various bonds and using derivatives to add or subtract features to make them more palatable to investors.
That brings in the momentum investors -- those who buy stocks because they are going up.
"We are committed to downsizing and privatizing, and some people have been here a very long time and are consciously or unconsciously attached to the old mission of this corporation," he said in an interview.
At that moment, the only thing that counted, he recalled thinking, was the color of his skin.
The Egyptians had to learn about it from the Israelis.
It's very, very rare to have a businessman like Michael who can also hear the creative melody."
Unfortunately, after noting there are two sides to the "horror stories," you describe the results of the prosecution in the O. C. Mills wetlands case, but not the violations that moved the Government to act.
"Many of us don't buy the medical model, and we've had to go along with a lot of language created by the medical profession that we don't agree with," said Mary W. Auslander, a former patient who is director of recipient affairs in New York City for the State Office of Mental Health.
Mark Eisen set himself a tougher task, with a brilliantly technicolor collection of fabrics that Mr. Eisen "frosted."
William Hurt, as Paul, is the focus for the film's few strained pronouncements about the city.
On Jamaica Avenue, theaters become churches.
Although the Agusta deal is the most wide-reaching scandal in recent Belgian history, it is only one of several to hit European military establishments in recent years.
is the team that took our championship away last year," said Terrence Stewart, who had a game-high 29 points and 9 rebounds.
Brilliant, unconventional-looking actresses like Bette Davis and Barbara Stanwyck have given way to sure bets like Demi Moore and Meg Ryan.
The project represents the first international expansion of Hughes's Direct TV service, which was begun last year.
Service is well above average.
Greenburgh is now drafting a new signage ordinance, which would allow for slightly larger signs that could accommodate store names and addresses.
Another day for the focus on the Yankees to switch from post-season baseball pursuing to in-season crystal ball gazing.
's to lower prices and let employer groups monitor the care provided by doctors and hospitals.
Penelope Frances Randolph, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Evan Randolph 4th of Manchester-by-the-Sea, Mass., was married last evening to Thomas Aldren Dingman Watson, a son of Nancy Dingman Watson of Truro, Mass., and Aldren Watson of West Hartland, Vt.
She would have to say something bad about her to explain what she did, but she doesn't want to do that."
It consumes him and has totally intruded on his writing.
The film is to open on Dec. 1.
Mr. Bendish, who praises Mrs. Pirro as a litigator, tells of a case where a man shot his girlfriend during an argument, then took her to the hospital.
"Yet every time we do, D.O.E.
They were ignored by one administrator after another until 1990 when Francis L. Lawrence became the university's 18th president and gave the group his support just a few months after taking office.
The Ariane 5 will thus be able to carry two spacecraft of nearly three tons, the average for a telecommunications satellite, plus their associated equipment.
Now the program has set its sights one level higher and is counting on Culpepper to get it there.
Even though analysts believe economic growth slowed considerably in the second quarter, there have been hints of a recovery recently.
They said it was a business decision and there was nothing they could do about it.
"This announcement is not about any specific kind of music," Mr. Fuchs said.
Later, the team also recovered some of the submarine's remains from an adjacent debris field, enabling Mr. Tidwell to make an international claim to its salvage rights.
"I learned a lot from the book -- how to knead and work with yeast," she said.
The Mexican Navy said the barge was taking oil workers back to offshore platforms after they had been evacuated late last week when Roxanne first passed by.
But other states have few limits on gifts or on the size of political contributions.
Tough physical demands and stern discipline result in a high dropout rate in the first few days of the school year, Citadel officials said, but last year's figure of 61 was high.
PROFANITY The 12-year-olds use most four- and seven-letter words freely.
Medpartners went public in February at $13 a share.
In a case involving a shareholders' dispute over the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company's takeover of MCA Inc. in 1990, the court could lay down rules reining in the power of judges in Delaware and other states to approve settlements that bar stockholders from pressing their securities complaints in Federal court.
Then he stopped performing and began waiting tables (where he met his current girlfriend) and performing hip-hop at bar mitzvahs (yes) so he could study acting full time.
But Judge Lance A. Ito overruled him, and Mr. Lange replied.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it expected international shipments to increase 5 percent in the fourth quarter, a smaller-than-expected gain.
Almost at once, Fauci announces that, since the recommendation is so strong, he will follow it.
White House officials said the President understood that it was vital that he be seen as doing more to respond to voters who have made clear they believe that the Government is too big.
Maybe it has something to do with his new high-cultural credentials and the sterner expectations people now bring to a Mark Morris dance.
he said during the debate.
The Conservation Reserve Program, on the other hand, enjoys wide support, including that of Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, the new chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee.
"Once Congress has produced a bill and sent it to the President, and he has vetoed that bill, you would think you would have a season for compromise," Mr. Reischauer said.
"Now I may not be too smart," Mr. Shuster said at the panel's first meeting, "but I'm not Louie off a pickle boat.
Now the real horror is within.
"They would arrive in the morning and leave around 5 P.M., with someone coming to the house daily."
Certainly someone who wears a size 9 would have difficulty wearing a 7 1/2."
A chart on Thursday summarizing the efforts by Community School District 27 in Queens to cut its budget misstated the opening date of school this year.
"Maybe it has to do with differences in genetics, social support, medical care, or maybe they have straighter roads," he added, noting that other international studies have shown increased death rates overall and especially from cancer, cirrhosis of the liver and traffic accidents when consumption of any kind of alcohol rises much above two drinks a day.
Mr. Martin, joined by three other governors, voted to act immediately.
Dr. Mullis left Cetus in 1986 and moved to San Diego, where he worked briefly as a chemist for Xytronyx, a biotechnology company.
Up to two stopovers in New Zealand, Tahiti, Fiji, the Cook Islands or Honolulu are allowed for $125 each.
To play, the gamblers had to buy at least $100 in chips -- red chips cost $5, blue $25 -- and the minimum bet was $10.
Among the favorites in the 29-team competition are the nation's No.
The city was trying to get an emergency eviction order on the basis of its claim that two of the buildings were in imminent danger of collapse.
A USAir jet flying over the Triborough Bridge and preparing to land at La Guardia Airport earlier this month came within 200 feet of a helicopter after the air traffic control tower failed to alert the jet's pilot of the other craft's location, aviation officials said yesterday.
He graduated from Hobart College and received a master's degree in French civilization from the State University at Albany.
You can join Cher in her "Sanctuary" catalogue, featuring interior design for the luxurious dungeon.
"Every budget statement by every Republican official should include the words, 'cutting the Washington bureaucracy,' " it says.
In July, the Senate passed a bill that would require registration by thousands of lobbyists who now avoid it under the current weak law.
"I just think about the opportunities I can have coming in to pinch hit in a big situation."
To literary formalists, she was a groundbreaking stylist, a courageous experimenter who, along with James Joyce, fractured and remade the novel.
So when making that kind of decision, a coach had better be sure that the player he made those sacrifices for can get the job done.
She works closely with a team of other scientists to reconstruct the environment in which the early hominids lived, looking for clues to explain their evolution from apelike creatures to upright walking, toolmaking and large-brained creatures.
One victim was from the Bronx, four were from Queens and six from Brooklyn.
These records are on microfilm at the New York City Municipal Archives, whose director, Kenneth Cobb, boasts of having the most complete annals of crime in the English-speaking world.
Winter doubles start at $130, plus $18 tax, which includes sailing, boat cruises, daily excursions, bicycles and light entertainment.
But for smaller stocks that trade on the New York Stock Exchange and the American Stock Exchange, the same size trade would cost 2.35 percent.
The machine became ubiquitous and fascinating to the point where idealizers moved in on it, including August Dvorak, cousin of the composer.
Here the trial involves the satyr's struggle through the tunnel.
Kim Serafin, a spokeswoman for the Mayor, said that Mr. Mason's support for Mr. Giuliani was not a factor and that similar signs have been erected for other shows.
The dress, I'm told, was silk.
The news lifted shares of Levitz, which is based in Boca Raton, Fla., 24 percent, or 75 cents, to $3.875, on the New York Stock Exchange.
"I think we do a pretty darn good job," he said in a recent interview.
Our first night out, our son got it into his head that our roadside Ohio motel was the house in Arizona where we planned to spend the whole next year; in despair, he lay down on the floor of the motel restaurant and refused to move.
It made me smile serenely.
"Quite a coincidence," Sybil says.
In splitting the responsibility for her death evenly, the jury neither bought wholesale the defendants' version that cocaine killed Ms. Zion, nor the plaintiff's argument that her death was caused by medical errors culminating in the administration of the wrong drug.
"Art is the bread of the soul," he said, and he went on to quote Prospero's final lines in Shakespeare's "Tempest": "As you from crimes would pardon'd be, let your indulgence set me free."
Day by day, signs great and tiny of Britain's waning colonial presence are becoming more apparent here, as is the looming shadow of China, this territory's soon-to-be master.
For eight months he had single-mindedly pursued his objective.
But this time, the price is expected to be about $2 billion.
For the second time this century, Russian artists are descending on Berlin.
Making an Effort To Get Help Manley checked into a hotel a day later on Feb. 16 and, still under the influence of cocaine, called Patrice Jordan, his friend at the Fox Television station in Washington.
What Mr. Trump was to the flamboyant 80's, Mr. Speyer is becoming to the more reserved 90's.
Foster children such as those assigned to the Underhill home are unable to live with their families for a variety of reasons, Ms. Valleau said, but they do not have criminal records.
The President's ban will halt that.
If it is possible, the Cavaliers made the usually offensively impaired Knicks of Pat Riley look like Riley's Lakers from the 1980's.
No one will remember what the score was, that neither Derrick Coleman (sprained right wrist) nor Benoit Benjamin (strained back) bothered to attend, that the Nets essentially started their bench for the second straight game.
His tape-recorded conversations helped implicate two men in the attempted bombing of the Egyptian Government tourist office in Manhattan by members of the Jewish Defense League in 1978.
Why then the out-of-court payoff?
In Mr. Capa's case, the term didn't catch on.
of Sweden have approved a merger with the Upjohn Company, the last major hurdle before the deal creating the world's ninth-largest drug maker is completed.
1 Business Digest 39 Arts/Entertainment 13-21 At the Rock-and-Roll Hall of Fame ceremony.
Curried Chicken With Apple 12 ounces whole onion or 11 ounces chopped, ready-cut onion 2 teaspoons canola oil 1 clove garlic 1 large stalk celery or 2 ounces chopped celery 1 large tart apple 8 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breasts Enough fresh or frozen ginger to yield 1 tablespoon coarsely grated 1 teaspoon ground cumin 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander 1/8 teaspoon cayenne 1/2 teaspoon turmeric 1/2 cup no-salt-added chicken stock 1/8 teaspoon salt.
She looked lost, out of touch with what was going on.
"He was really kind of naive.
Witt, who did not walk a batter, left after giving up the Blue Jays' seventh hit starting the ninth.
I've had my stick held and I've held other people's sticks.
in 1954 from Columbia and taught journalism there.
"We said this is a stress-free village," Mr. Price said.
But it was unclear whether jurors poised to mutiny were any closer to their freedom.
"There are no words, no words to say thank you," Karim said when at last she met her benefactor.
Analysts had expected the gain but said leaner stockpiles might be ahead.
"I have not talked to him, but I think the Mayor is very well aware of the truth," he said.
Everett struck out in his first and last at-bats, but in between he hit a three-run homer, a double and a single to threaten hitting for the cycle.
meaning the silicon is already combined with oxygen.
"A lot of them want good journalism."
As written, the proposal calls for Congress to guess at the start of each fiscal year whether spending will be offset by taxes and other income.
But among parents with children under 18 the number rose, to 30 percent.
SDL Inc., San Jose, Calif., an initial public offering of 2.4 million shares.
It owns 250 S.& P. companies that satisfy certain social criteria, 100 other large companies and 50 more with "exceptional social characteristics."
Mr. Chirac's Socialist opponent in the runoff election on Sunday, Lionel Jospin, charged that Mr. Chirac's latest remarks showed that he was "not a convinced European, but an opportunistic one."
The Rangers had two power-play goals on three chances, one by Graves, the other by Petr Nedved.
Add to this the tens of millions of dollars in increased reimbursement by New York State Medicaid when even children covered under the program seek treatment at more expensive hospital clinics.
Dole basks in the warmth.
"I think that if the numbers are right, he'd take the job," said Dick Versace, a former colleague and good friend of Daly's.
After one night we wanted to leave and find other accommodations.
Mr. Murphy owns several companies, including a maker of gift-wrap paper.
Maybe too many, Auremmia said.
Several criminologists said today that the report might also help explain why white and black Americans have such sharply divergent views of the acquittal of O. J. Simpson.
In judging whether these savings were adequate, Mr. Diesslin made some very conservative projections.
Officials say the increase in the trade-related schemes is so great, they have helped improve the United States' balance of trade with Colombia.
Mike Raskin, 49, grew up in Fort Worth with osteomyelitis, the same bone-marrow infection Mantle had as a boy.
Even the chambermaid, Clara, is Dorothy, wearing red slippers against a soundtrack of Munchkins.
Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, the Republican whip, has introduced his own bill to repeal the domestic ban on CFC production.
Another woman walked up and said she was having trouble finding authors for a book-and-author dinner.
Studies showed Hytrin relieved symptoms of benign prostate hyperplasia in just two weeks.
Chief Moughty said his department was criticized by a local group over the outcome of that case, even though his department was only following the law.
The Puritans did not like the town too good for Burger King.
"Then, of course, the strike hit, and I was wishing I hadn't committed to it, because I didn't have time to deal with it," he said.
" But consider the position of the average new-car salesman (he is a man), and you will see how hard it is to change.
You know, some kind of business that will give people around here some jobs."
He left school at 18, but like many young men with a high school education and a smattering of ambition, he landed a job as a clerk in London's financial district in 1985.
But Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and First Deputy Mayor Peter J.
Translation software, which once ran only on mainframe computers, is now also available for personal computers.
In the meantime, the work may help expand on longstanding observation about how some steroids, drugs that are similar to the body's own stress hormones, kill immune cells.
That streak was broken last March when he suffered a shoulder injury that kept him out for six games.
Tom Glavine (1-0) gave up two runs in the first but settled down and pitched five and two-thirds innings for the victory.
Nine stories by the fugitive author of "The Satanic Verses," some boisterous, some provocative, all taking some advantage of Mr. Rushdie's difficult dual heritage.
Speaking to reporters after today's hearing, Johnnie L. Cochran, a leaders of the defense team, said that by attempting to introduce evidence of past marital battles, prosecutors were "trying Mr. Simpson's character."
Southern Hockey League WINSTON-SALEM MAMMOUTHS -- Named Patrick Doyle general manager and John Anderson coach.
"Unlike the historian, who must cling to the enameled outer layer of reality, Ms. Shields plunges into the interior life of her characters with all the ferocity of a major novelist," Jay Parini wrote in his review of "The Stone Diaries" in The New York Times Book Review last March.
All but Harrah's had filed similar letters of intent before.
"It was a very unusual fire in several respects," Professor Gurevitch said.
A group of prominent conservative writers and strategists is starting a weekly national magazine on politics and policy that will be financed by Rupert Murdoch, the global media executive.
Dime Savings Bank may have failed to disclose for nearly a month that it was the target of a Federal fraud investigation, a transcript of a court hearing suggests.
22 Wolverines (7-2) had lost six straight to the No.
The management had her unit cleaned and tested, and she returned home.
Sales increased 15 percent in the period to $3.8 billion.
To make the menace of the new class convincing, conservatives and neo-conservatives suggested that it comprised not a small knot of intellectuals, journalists and political analysts, but a vast number of Americans who had benefited from the rapid expansion of higher education and the society's new need for technical knowledge.
But it may have been enough to turn the tide in individual communities.
Calls to Mr. Stockman's office today were not returned.
Holyfield has signed to fight Ray Mercer on May 20 in Atlantic City.
Judge Bonsal (pronounced BON-sel) joined the bench in 1961, sitting in the courthouse at Foley Square in Manhattan.
As a result, some students, like Jillian, nod off in 10-second "micro-sleeps."
The Ways and Means Committee is expected to approve the legislation on Wednesday, with the full House likely to vote on a Medicare bill next week.
"Nobody wants to go to bed at night worried about whether they have a job in the morning," she said.
They were so close that in 1960, Mr. Donahue recommended Mr. Sweeney for a top staff job running Local 32B.
"I am not angry, in fact I have come to accept it," said another worker who would speak only on condition of anonymity.
Mr. Babbitt estimated that $2 million would be enough to support the park for a year.
And he did it over his career.
11* U. of Chicago .
But in the opener against Miami, he dropped three passes and missed a number of assignments.
Even so, dealers expect the dollar to rise in the coming sessions, bolstered by expectations of another increase in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve at the end of January.
Indeed, the Interfaith Center -- a nonprofit group of 15 Protestant denominations and 225 Catholic religious orders and Jewish philanthropies with a combined portfolio of a formidable $50 billion -- has offered many shareholder resolutions to tobacco companies.
But that seemed a bit of a reach this afternoon.
"The Kennedys have kept up the plumbing and electric and stuff, but it hasn't really been renovated in any manner since 1928."
Mr. Goldhammer, who has a working wife and two grown children, had only the foggiest idea what investments he held, no clear memory of why he had bought them, no clue whether they could be liquidated and at what cost, and no plan for the future.
Patterson appeared to hurt Gatti, a Montreal native who fights out of Jersey City, in the final rounds.
"I don't remember the night game, but I remember the no-hitter," Allen said.
Mozart's E-major Trio was notable for its relaxed musicality and also for its graceful pianist, Ellen Braslavsky.
But this is a crime that hurts no one.
No matter what happens, Nolan should be considered one of the top defensive strategists in the game.
Among those hardest hit were AnnTaylor, with same-store sales falling 10.6 percent, the Gap, with same-store sales down 6 percent and the Limited, with same-store sales down 3 percent.
Michael C. Finnegan, Mr. Pataki's counsel and the person credited with orchestrating the negotiations, said the Federal Government will monitor the water-protection effort until the summer of 2001 and will be able to demand changes if water quality declines.
"Eric," Dr. Baden said, calling out the name of Mrs. Hoyt's first child, who died on Jan. 26, 1965, three months after his birth.
"They have resisted time for too long.
In his statement, he pledged "all my energy" to tackle the school system's nagging problems and focus his attention on the fundamentals of educating the city's million schoolchildren.
In 1991, when the university could no longer finamce its law school, the American Bar Association threatened to withdraw its accreditation, without which graduates cannot sit for the bar.
Keep Door Clear -- This Is Not a Hangout," says the sign at 551 Ninth Avenue.
And after 15 years, the tributes to the Gonzalezes are starting to roll in.
They examined pocket watches engraved in French and Italian, foreign currency, stamp collections in binders, old subway tokens with the cutout Y, dentures and a diamond ring that eventually sold for $112,500.
Just about everybody has a story to tell about spotting the city's most famous benefactor driving an ambulance, picking up dead bodies, helping out the nurses in his centers or cruising the streets at night looking for destitute children and drug addicts.
But what drives us sometimes can be to our detriment."
My congratulations to Andrew Ryan Geiger.
"It causes people to be very careful with who they loan their car to," Justice Scalia said as Mr. Roberts readily agreed.
"Where a product might take three years to grow in New England it will take about two on Long Island.
"With Europe, I think the drug will eventually get to the $400 million to $500 million range."
After 125 more officers were sent to quell the disturbance, the neighborhood remained calm during the day.
He has held discussions with the Government about the possibility of a deal, though lawyers familiar with the case said that these conversations had not yet borne fruit.
Too many years, too many missed opportunities -- the Rhineland, Spain, Austria, Czechoslovakia -- too many deaths.
Fred Benson is a black man who came to the island as an orphan and became the gym teacher at the school and now he's 100 years old and in an nursing home on the mainland but comes out once a year when we hold a barbecue for him."
Like t'ai chi, capoeira is a martial art that is easily mistaken for a dance form, a confusion enhanced by the musical training involved.
And if the men's wear for next spring and summer that was shown here seemed particularly dull, it was because this is, after all, where the world's most interesting designers show.
According to the Current Population Survey of the United States Census, New York City lost 300,000 jobs in 1990 and 1991.
And Congress added billions to the President's request.
Now it should be obvious what an egregious simplification those stereotypes were.
In that connection, we as a society postpone the entry of young people into the economic life of our country to depress the unemployment statistics.
Paxar customers have names like Fruit of the Loom, J. C. Penney, Wal-Mart and Target stores in the United States, Marks & Spencer and British Home Stores in Britain, Benetton in Italy and scores of other manufacturers and stores.
Revenue increased 14 percent, to $2.41 billion, from $2.12 billion a year earlier.
"Do you know how it came about?"
The 12 are gathering today, to be honored for their work by West Side Democratic leaders.
Two of his children -- Amal, who he said still cannot speak and cries hysterically at night, and Amira, 1 1/2 -- tested positive for lead poisoning.
Murray also dazzled the crowd of about 300 with a behind-the-back pass.
This page, which supports Roe v. Wade and opposes a constitutional ban, believes that Mr. Dole will indeed swing back to a sensible position when and if he has the nomination safely in hand.
He rehabilitated, started in all 16 regular-season games in 1994 and finished the season ranked first in the A.F.C.
"The question was whether a live-action, adult-theme film could be as successful as an animated title," said Eric Doctorow, the president of Paramount Home Video.
The train, the Mount Baker International, will leave Seattle at 7:15 A.M. and arrive in Vancouver at 11:50 A.M.; it will leave Vancouver at 6 P.M. and arrive in Seattle at 10:35 P.M.
Earlier in the season, it was protecting the quarterback well but not knocking players out of the way on running plays.
For others, the departures mean the loss of one of the best sources of training: the "pro" in the classroom next door.
board has continuously supported initiatives to improve the C.R.D.
Midwest League BURLINGTON BEES -- Named Dana Johnston assistant general manager.
Using a Survey Sampling list of unlisted numbers, a Pittsburgh market research firm phoned a representative national sample of households to conduct a survey on, of all things, annoying calls.
In 1950, Ms. Braun began to work with the New York Dance Film Society, an organization devoted primarily to showing 16-millimeter Russian ballet movies.
Under the original deal, the French and German companies would have paid $40 a share.
Tomorrow, two more vintage windows, showing adult gifts of the period, go on display at 39 Broadway (Wall Street).
But Dr. Cavanaugh and Dr. Jensen said they thought that most of the students were receptive to the new approach.
Once in office, I was introduced to another side of the politics of readiness.
The frugalities are proposed at a time when Congress has threatened to cut back contributions to the United Nations.
The company also told analysts that it had wrested control of 47.7 percent of the market for miniature surgical instruments, in its battle with the U.S. Surgical Corporation.
Asked how long he would stay in camp, he said: "It's hard to put a timetable on it.
It is a look through America's culinary rearview mirror, a retrospective, featuring superior 90's versions of traditional heartland dishes.
"One of the stringent controls are the manufacturers' records by lot number.
Current medallion owners would receive fair value for their investment, and the monopoly on medallions would end.
Jennifer Barnett, a spokeswoman for the "Tonight" show, said, "Jay Leno after the show said that people can feel free to come on the show and speak their minds."
" Ms. Resnick said she was intrigued by another aspect of the survey.
Told that Mr. Seidenberg had shaved it off a few years ago, as he was being groomed for the executive suite and the fight for Nynex's survival, Mr. Fowler replied: "Good.
Each time, the Yorkshire terrier lunged forward and then stopped a few inches from the parrot, actually a Quaker parakeet, which stood still on the floor.
So Mahoney is aiming for more pragmatic goals this month.
Gorazde ought to remain in Government hands, Srebrenica and Zepa under Serbian control.
Wednesday through Sunday, noon to 5 P.M.
Repeating the story that brought unrest to a Washington Heights neighborhood Thursday night, the mother of a young man injured in a four-story fall said yesterday that her son insists he was pushed out the window by a police officer.
Indeed, as the case wore on, and memories of Polaroid pictures of a battered Nicole Brown Simpson and of her taped call to 911 faded, so did the beleaguered defendant who first appeared in court last year.
Shares of the Immune Response Corporation soared today after the biopharmaceutical company said it had won the approval of the Food and Drug Administration to use an HIV treatment made at the company's plant in Philadelphia.
In that scene, Yossarian, the novel's antihero, was trying to comfort a wounded buddy.
"It felt good when I hit it."
And on and on, through rock and country versions of "We Wish You a Merry Christmas," "Oh, Christmas Tree" and more.
"The P.T.A., that's it," Mrs. Muller said.
Addresses Broker Ethics In an attempt to address concern about broker ethics, the S.E.C.
But after running sixth in the Fountain, both he and his trainer, Mike Mollica, booked passage back to California -- return trip undecided.
Under the deal, Vigoro shareholders would receive 0.8 share of IMC for each Vigoro share they hold, provided IMC's stock price trades between $61.875 and $80.
It just depends on how hard you're willing to work."
Shares of Quantum Health Resources Inc., a provider of health services based in Orange, Calif., dropped sharply yesterday after its chairman canceled a meeting with analysts, prompting speculation about Quantum's prospects.
Could it be something in the water?
Once on the job, they are monitored to see how they handle those stressful moments when shades of meaning are all and to insure what the Language Line calls "neutrality."
But his tactic apparently worked.
The Stralem collection, which comprised 46 works of Impressionist and early modern paintings, drawings and sculptures, sold for a total of $65.2 million, well above Sotheby's estimate of $37.7 million to $50.7 million.
the Number for Spring: 1-800-C-O-L-O-R
While the increase in medical school applications is dramatic, it is economic considerations, rather than student values, that have changed.
Edward Grilli, a spokesman for the Nassau County District Attorney, Denis E. Dillon, yesterday called the decision frustrating because it was based on a requirement to explain challenges to jurors that took effect a decade after the trial and was applied retroactively to cases with appeals still pending.
I may look at the coach at some point, if it doesn't get a lot better for us," Lucas said after today's practice.
Through years of persistence in a neighborhood with few Republicans, Mr. Bramwell rose through the ranks to become a district leader in Bedford-Stuyvesant in 1956.
has "expressed some concerns" about the state's pension payments, and has requested a meeting to discuss Mr. Florio's 1992 decision to shift to the general fund $769 million that had already been deposited in public employee pensions.
And before the fiscal year ends on March 31, Mr. Silver has pledged passage of a Democratic version of the budget that shifts spending cuts away from middle-class services.
Aum asserts that all its members join willingly, but lawyers and Japanese news reports say the sect uses sophisticated methods of mind control geared toward leading the victim into believing that he or she is acting entirely voluntarily.
Two new novels and a book of his short stories are to be published by Arte Publico, which also plans to reissue all his earlier works.
I'd buy five fillies for every colt.
"The next day, the bulldozers came at 7 o'clock."
"He had great joie de vivre."
Neil Weisfeld, deputy executive director of the Medical Society of New Jersey, said the change is needed.
He was a light sleeper with an explosive temper.
"For spring '96, colors are very light, nostalgic, a little dustier than the pastels we're seeing now," she said.
The Hastings Group, based in Chicago, acquired the stores in August 1994 from the HSSA investment group, which had been operating under Chapter 11 proceedings for nine months.
In response, a decision was made to build a center just south of Dr. Roland's location.
The cartoon reference did not amuse Judge Ito.
Albacom will seek business from the top 3,000 companies in Italy that do business from more than one location, a market estimated at $2.72 billion a year.
Who is your least favorite national political figure?
Although Ms. Close made the most dramatic entrance, descending the golden "Sunset" staircase in a daringly low-cut dress, the evening's funny moments all belonged to Nathan Lane.
Advance registration is required for all classes.
It is in the Bronx, then as now the culinary and educational capital of America.
"The see retired people doing okay today, and they say I'll be that way too.
Lloyd Lynford, president of REIS Reports, which tracks real estate trends, said that sublet rents averaged about 94.4 percent of direct space rents -- a bargain, maybe, but not a steal.
The shot from the right face-off circle went between Nikolai Khabibulin's pads.
It's a matter of whether you respect someone."
But without a plan that includes a clear objective for the long-term future, all the United Nations can do is thrash around aimlessly.
His obvious familiarity with her every expressive gesture let him fill the interstices cannily, at times to the point of productive rivalry.
But General Manager HARRY SINDEN said there was no connection.
In the lobby, one woman in a red tafetta-esque gown strummed the harp, while another played the organ, warbling "Don't Cry for Me, Argentina" and other favorites.
Beer and wine will be served, and free nonalcoholic beverages will be supplied to designated drivers.
There's something poignant about their need to dress interchangeably and look fierce in this way.
Invoking that right, a Federal appeals court blocked California from putting into effect a welfare "experiment" under which newcomers would be limited, for one year, to the (presumably lower) welfare benefits they would have received in their home state.
The women have been competitive in the America's Cup.
But the book's most important lesson is that Kristin did everything right.
Yet I believe in my heart that our true link is a common motivation -- a love of the game of baseball, a passion for our team and a desire to compete on the very highest level."
His ascent signaled the changing of the guard in the music business.
The victory was redemption after North Carolina beat Wake Forest, 62-61, Saturday on a last-second shot.
I have these two things and in the near future I don't think they will be threatened.
"We think we'll have endorsement contracts for all of you when you get back."
The "Diamonds Pas Deux" from "Jewels" looked drab out of context, despite the admirable dancing of Darci Kistler, partnered by Nilas Martins.
The deeper concerns are being trapped in the wrong family, the wrong relationships, the wrong body, the wrong sex -- and the fantasy promised by the title.
Anyone heading for the South or West this summer will find it much easier to pass as a local, thanks to Hertz, which is offering rentals of Ford Ranger pickup trucks in 16 cities.
"But if we are politically strong, all of them would make a point to attend."
"All you have to do is travel to Hastings or Nyack to see what can happen when you put all your faith in big promises by developers," said Mr. Cronin, the riverkeeper.
And if none of the five dances on the program measured up to the highest level of those past endeavors, several came close.
One might begin with a potent beef and capon broth with caramelized onions and Gruyere crisps; seared sweetbreads with artichokes, pea shoots and carrots in a light tomato sauce with parsley oil, or house-cured salmon with a kick of mustard oil, served with potatoes and roasted beets.
"They saw English used as a tool to humiliate them, to keep them isolated.
"We couldn't have passed it" as a statute, he said, involving civil penalties for violations, as Mr. Cohen and Mr. Levin had first proposed.
Moments earlier, Mr. Velazquez gave them one last pep talk.
But he conceded that with the state's budget problems, moving from wish list to reality will be difficult.
For the first time, the Mayor of New York and the communities that use the public hospitals have drastically different visions for the agency.
"And he's given you the works, with the fare increase, with the schools, with everything else."
Mr. Dole's pronouncement was the first time he had spoken so pessimistically in public about the tax cut, and it came at a time when opinion polls showed that the Democratic strategy of linking budget cuts and planned reductions in Medicare and Medicaid with "a tax cut for the wealthy" was starting to take hold with the public.
"The President flopped" was the preordained lead.
The Jets' defense allowed more rushing yardage than 24 other teams in the National Football League.
("I got a little misty-eyed when I saw the street sign," one librarian said on the bus tour, only half joking.
The solution to the lake's problems, he said, is increasing the number of state police patrol boats to four from two and requiring that marinas have pumping stations for marine toilets.
Sales of cars and light trucks fell in February, in contrast to a robust period a year ago, according to company sales reports released today and estimates by analysts.
As part of an F.B.I.
And in a final attack, the head of the American College of Physicians said bluntly, "We are not on board."
The subordinate animals may even cultivate an image of inferiority simply to keep the social peace.
The panel said the inmates had raised new and valid questions about race, politics and punishment.
He did that to take away the momentum and quiet the crowd down and these guys let him get away with it.
Crude oil prices were little changed after OPEC ended a meeting without changing its output ceiling.
Mr. Arafat, locked in a struggle for primacy in Gaza, seems to have reached an understanding with Islamic groups like Hamas not to press a crackdown too hard as long as anti-Israel attacks stay within bounds.
Individual parents may love their kids, but the society seems to wish the children disappeared.
In his four years, Wallace "blazed the frightful trail" and suffered harassment at several sites throughout the S.E.C.
Several Japanese auto makers also reported United States sales today.
State law calls for the plan to be revised by the governor every three years, with priorities shaped by regional advisory boards.
The Nikkei average of 225 issues gained 144.29 points, or 0.78 percent, to close at 18,758.55.
The Romanov Legacy by Zoia Belyakova (Viking Studio, $44.95).
It reflects, an Israeli official said, a realization that "we can't go on like this and need to put an end to it."
The plan gave 49 percent of the land to the Muslim republic, 33.5 to the Serbs and 17.5 percent to the Bosnian Croats, and proposed two years of U.N. administration of Sarajevo.
When the mixture has cooled, whisk the egg yolks into the chocolate one at a time.
A large body of opinion replies: the Jewish power."
Harry Levy, the chairman of the Chancellor's Commission on School Facilities and Maintenance Reform, which last fall recommended an overhaul of school maintenance, said the requirement that repairs be made under the new arrangement was important since the system has had a history of letting buildings deteriorate by ignoring maintenance.
Jean Peters and Casey Adams are surprised neighbors --Tuesday at 9:45 P.M. and 1 A.M. on American Movie Classics.
Since the late Senator J. W. Fulbright was instrumental in the 1946 Congressional legislation "to foster mutual understanding among nations through educational and cultural exchange," about 200,000 college graduates and postgraduates have taken part in the Fulbright program.
There are mountain bikers willing to maintain bike trails as we maintain foot trails.
They are as full of delicious illusion as a good special-effects movie.
Tatum, who led the Irish with eight tackles, made the fumble-causing hit on Trojan tailback Delon Washington that ended the first serious U.S.C.
In Game 5, they were seconds away from vacation, but Patrick Ewing's game-winning jumper with 1.8 seconds left forced Game 6.
But I'm not interested in their intentions.
The decision by the London High Court came after the two societies and the Building Societies Commission, which regulates the industry, sought a ruling to test the legality of the proposed merger.
Whenever a worthy subject receives a better or more complete presentation than has hitherto been accorded it, our civilized life is advanced a little.
But there will be two editions, said Shannon Williams, the publisher: one for professionals and a less technical one for lay readers.
A chopped salad -- one of arugula and tomato, for example -- makes a fine topping and the salad itself can be crowned with shaved cheese.
Asked about the foreign Islamic fighters who are known as mujahedeen, General Haukland said the press attention paid to them had been out of proportion to potential threat they presented.
The guard was caught in the crossfire of a gang shootout as he tried to break up a fistfight.
In 1974, he moved his shop to West 57th Street, a more convenient setting for his chic clientele.
But those who study the proclivities of gamblers, at the slots as well as in the market, say the odds for 1996 look good.
Our hospitals receive higher scores from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations than our private-sector counterparts.
Democrats rejoiced at Mr. Gorski's victory because he also defeated a team of political professionals who have a long record of beating Democrats, in particular two of New York's biggest Democrats: former Gov.
He knows whereof he speaks: Omnicom has acquired Chiat/Day and TBWA International and is one of three bidders for Ross Roy Communications in Bloomfield Hills, Mich.
And in Brooklyn, the borough that accounted for nearly a third of all the new cases of AIDS reported in in New York last year, Bushwick is the neighborhood that ranks first in AIDS cases among Hispanic people, first in cases among women, first in cases resulting from intravenous drug use.
A good place to start is expensive new weapons that are no longer needed, and a good example is new attack submarines.
The system is partly centralized and partly decentralized -- with the defects of both centralization and decentralization and the virtues of neither.
b-Net loss(Loss)Results are in Canadian dollars.
Mr. Korine writes wall-to-wall profane street talk with obvious enthusiasm, though the occasional contrived-sounding scene (like Jennie's encounter with a sympathetic cabbie) breaks his dialogue's grueling spell.
The couple, both 23, graduated from Dickinson College, he summa cum laude.
In less than a year, they have gone from Eastern Conference starters to vacationing N.B.A.
Gambro's United States subsidiary, Cobe Laboratories of Lakewood, Colo., is to purchase the shares, with Ren becoming a Cobe unit.
Boston, fighting to hold on to the eighth and final playoff berth in the Eastern Conference, cooled off after shooting 61 percent in the first quarter.
Carnival's various competitions are televised like the Superbowl.
In Recycling, New York City Pays While suburban areas around New York make money by selling recycled metal, glass and plastic -- Oyster Bay, L.I., gets $25 a ton and Mercer County, N.J. $9.50 a ton -- New York City pays recycling operators $40 to $50 a ton to take away such material.
Some companies are even looking way down the road for the next group of four-wheel mighty mites.
And my oldest friends are all in fashion.
The Second American Republic, what Mr. Lind calls "Euro-America," saw the bargain struck between the oligarcy and the white working class to keep blacks out.
Jesse Jackson Jr., son of the civil rights leader, was sworn in today as a member of the House as his father and family watched.
"Constitutional issues are not as bad, we're making some progress, but on territory there is no movement."
Mr. Tice, who was born in Tipton, Ind., studied fashion design at the University of Cincinnati.
b-After a gain of $ 2,877,000, or 5 cents a share, from from changes in accounting for postretirement benefits and income taxes.The latest periods included investment gains of $ 9,322,000, or 15 cents a share, in the quarter and $ 25,922,000, or 41 cents a share, in the year.
More information: Intervac, Box 590504, San Francisco, Calif. 94159; (415) 435-3497 or (800) 756-4663.
A man convicted in the videotaped beating of Reginald O. Denny at the start of the Los Angeles riots in 1992 has been found guilty of carrying a gun in violation of his probation.
On the other hand, when nonconformists made works that dealt explicitly with the hardships that Soviet citizens had to endure, they were condemned as decadent fantasists.
A bright-eyed yachtsman with a steaming mug of coffee came down the gangplank in deck shoes and captain's cap.
"Even the violations against the building on 140th Street are not serious.
Some players have identified themselves.
But by that time, Angela has already muttered something about a "useless endless unhappy outing," evoking audience titters rather than empathy.
She tries Samuel Baldwin in Chicago and gets four articles, including one about an architect who built City Plaza.
"I go shopping to Tom Thumb," she said.
Let's look at the other: 'Let people know what you stand for -- and what you won't stand for.'
The major vote tonight was on an amendment offered by the opposition Labor Party to a proposed code of conduct for members of Parliament.
The old is vital, the new is vital, the designer is vital, the boring staple is vital."
To the Editor: While I was pleased to see the Book Review allot so much space to a book on the Eameses' work, I was greatly distressed to read that same review, in which Paul Shepheard offers a benign, largely favorable opinion of "Charles and Ray Eames: Designers of the Twentieth Century," by Pat Kirkham (Aug. 6).
A night of big bands, June 28.
Smith canceled his mounts in the final two races of the afternoon, and still could not talk of the incident until nearly 30 minutes later.
During the 1950's, she worked as a companion for a woman in Long Island and sold toys at Macy's.
Completing his lock on the local sports market, Mr. Dolan has broadcast rights for New York Yankee games through MSG and to New York Mets baseball, New Jersey Nets basketball and Islanders hockey games through his Sportschannel network.
Anjou is the United States holding company of Compagnie Generale des Eaux of France.
"The railroad will aggressively pursue disciplinary measures against those engineers who were out and not sick," he said.
"It is the foreigners that he has favored with all the largest contracts, with all the largest deals."
When she begins to suffer from nausea, headache and fatigue, she assumes it's the onset of menopause.
It ends with the birth of a new ale: "The Laird of Tomintoul," it's called, And it's newly out on bail.
Eagle reporters and editors also worry that under a new owner, The Eagle will lose its voice and its commitment to the community.
Yet turning on its radars to pinpoint targets could reveal its position, nullifying its stealthiness.
Concerning the future, the board said optimists continued to outnumber pessimists by a margin of almost two to one.
" T HE sunglasses go back on.
You see kids and women getting shot, you know -- makes you feel you've got a reason when you go down there."
Doug Watson, 18, said he had recently been stopped for wearing a Star of David.
You can't put a lid on boiling water."
The major troop-contributing countries would divide the responsibility for enforcing the peace plan.
The meal ticket for now is De La Hoya.
Burt Dubrow, the vice president of Multimedia and the onetime executive producer of both "Jerry Springer" and "Sally Jessy Raphael," said he did not think the shows he had been involved with had been irresponsible.
Wilde remains known as the master of brilliant drawing-room comedy, not unutterable Symbolist drama.
Many of the pasta offerings were fish-based.
The kind of support we're getting, I feel obligated to produce a winner for the fans and I'm prepared to do whatever is necessary to win."
He was referring to the arrest on Wednesday of Bryan and David Freeman, brothers accused of murdering their parents and younger brother at the family's home near Allentown.
In fact, they can increase the risk by shattering under high impact.
But a lawn is an endless struggle for peace and beauty.
It is pointed toward Sierra Nevada, Spain, where prospects for a world championship last season dissolved under a dearth of snow.
She did not recall any I.M.G.
When she wore sleeveless dresses in summer, the cool, thick muscles of her upper arms made you want to rest your hot cheeks against them.
Analysts had been predicting earnings for the most recent year of between $:100 million, or $160 million, and $:130 million, or $208 million.
It started with draws and it ended with draws, the last one among the most perfunctory ever played in championship chess competition.
Even surprisingly strong numbers for construction spending in October failed to halt the market's momentum.
I always talk about flower arranging.
Or a biography, with color picture, of Gen. George A. Joulwan, NATO's senior military commander.
East Orange and Orange officials have been distributing fire safety pamphlets printed in English, Spanish and Creole and have visited schools to teach children the basics of fire safety.
MONTCLAIR ART MUSEUM "Proud Heritage," outstanding works given to the museum over its 81-year history.
The human-rights group Amnesty International described H Unit last summer as a "concrete tomb" where treatment was barbaric and inmates, the great majority of whom are unlikely ever to be executed, were given virtually no opportunity for rehabilitation.
Nevertheless, the finding has taken investigators in a new direction as they canvass hotels, homeless shelters and health clinics in Oklahoma City, looking for a single woman who disappeared on the day of the bombing.
There is one concrete section of grandstand jutting into the air, ugly steel rods, that rancid construction smell you get when the earth is disturbed.
Rhodes completed a 3-point play and Tony Delk hit a 3-pointer as Kentucky (7-2) opened a 58-45 lead two minutes later.
326, Port Townsend, Wash. 98368.
But they did have a profound effect on killer T cells.
Criminal Justice And Other Issues GOVERNOR AND SENATE: Officials said roughly $50 million would be added for the Governor's criminal justice plans and other miscellaneous initiatives.
Mr. Vuarnet was questioned by the police but not charged in last year's deaths, which were thought to have been ordered by Luc Jouret, a charismatic Belgian homeopathic physician who founded the sect, and his chief associate, Joseph di Mambro.
George E. Pataki said the center, which is operated by the state, is "failing as an economic engine."
Machiavelli unbared this awful truth; Hobbes, Locke and Adam Smith helped dress it up (this collection contains two elegant, Straussian dissections, of Smith and of Machiavelli).
($25 and Under: 9/17/93) MOROCCAN STAR + (718) 643-0800; 205 Atlantic Avenue between Court and Clinton Streets; (c) Mastercard, Visa A simple, friendly family-run operation, Moroccan Star is a dining bargain: the cooking is a mix of flavorful Arabic and European dishes, and prices are low.
Mr. Chen never had any formal education after elementary school, but as a teen-ager he held various jobs at a publishing company, according to an American biographer, David M. Bachman.
A retired partner and the firm's historian, Tom Evans, said, "The leaders of the firm were unable to accommodate the many different egos within the partnership, as past leaders had done, to continue as a firm."
These include a need to belong to something in an uncaring world and the raw desire for revenge.
D1) Chart/Graphs: "Rethinking Causes and Effects" Two prerequisites for past bouts of inflation -- low unemployment and high capacity utilization -- have now been present in the economy for nearly a year without sending prices shooting upward.
It was an easy, orderly life."
"But will the market allow them to do that a year or two from now?"
The public displays of contrition are in part aimed at keeping the outcry from the Okinawans in check.
Of course, that difference was felt most keenly in the White Plains market, where the vacancy rate dropped to 26 percent this year, from 30.6 percent last year.
A Bank of England spokesman said the central bank was still working to piece together Mr. Leeson's investments, and that it did not yet know whether there was a large straddle position.
"The expanded capacity this merger will give us will make us the best-positioned retail drugstore chain in the country to meet the challenges that changes in the medical industry are bringing."
The panel's major recommendations, he said, "are not based on scientific evidence," but reflect "value judgments made by scientists with a particular point of view."
The Section 8 money comes not from some new program, but from dollars already budgeted by the Government to house the very poor, so there is no increase in overall spending.
Following the elections, the affairs and prerogatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina will be vested in the following institutions, in accordance with all of the Agreed Basic Principles.
Fines for jaywalking do not exceed $50.
Searching for a tonier image, Fox appears to be aiming for the kind of quality that distinguished a show like ABC's "Family" back in the late 1970's.
As we enter a new era, we need a new set of understandings not just with Government but, even more important, with one another as Americans.
The Rangers had a record of 7-3-1 with Healy in goal after Richter had started in a defeat, including 5-3 in road games.
The outside panel wraps across to the opposite edge, where it also attaches to a Velcro tab.
Harrah's, a unit of the Promus Companies, said the expansion would be completed by the third quarter of 1997.
Although the Hell Hole was more than 20 years old, it was years or even decades younger than some other rides at Coney Island, including the nearby Wonder Wheel, built in 1920, and the Cyclone, the roller coaster erected in 1927.
"There is a lot of expectation about me, I feel," he said through a translator.
The pier at the Fulton Ferry Landing was unveiled last month with new wooden decking, benches, plaques and a fence etched with excerpts from Walt Whitman's "Crossing Brooklyn Ferry."
He allows that the communities he has studied, including the American one where he lives, are poor and want to be less so.
The supporting actor has become the leading man.
Players Association denied him due process.
Nonetheless, the mountain of bad debt -- and the uncertainty over its exact dimensions -- is weakening the heart of Japan's financial system.
"A lot of what happened today is stocks following bonds, traders disappointed with earnings of companies and just pure takeover speculation," Mr. Grazioso said.
There he became a rehearsal pianist for the conductor Serge Koussevitzky.
That's basically why my statistics were so deceiving, and why a lot of people didn't realize what kind of player I was."
The city of Yonkers is also exploring the installation of multispace meters.
Assembly aides today confirmed earlier reports that tuition at the State University of New York and the City University of New York would rise by $750 a year.
During the debate, a supporter of the bill, Representative Sam Johnson, Republican of Texas, said: "This is a program that has outlived its usefulness -- an open-ended unsupervised tax giveaway."
They bolted to a 21-0 lead.
She graduated from Tufts University.
Social services, although a smaller sector of the city economy, has grown more rapidly.
The project was put on hold after the peso's collapse late last year and the economic contraction in Mexico.
Throughout, he was asked to disguise both his sex and nationality, and Mr. Warren brings a quality of wondering detachment to these recollections that is far more poignant than tears.
Iowa, Minnesota, South Carolina and Kentucky also have tough laws.
"If that situation ever happens again, that's what I'm going to do," Bonilla said.
Now ASM imposes a stiff fee -- 0.75 percent on the first $100,000 -- on anyone who makes more than six exits a year.
"Those that are against her may find themselves dead the next day," he said.
As Mr. Cushman sees it, "each era has a predominant configuration of the self, a particular foundational set of beliefs about what it means to be human," and the current configuration of the self in contemporary America is "the empty self," characterized "by a pervasive sense of personal emptiness" and committed "to the values of self-liberation through consumption."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 3.75 points, to 586.78, breaking a record set on Sept. 20.
"I decided to let the son of a bitch live," she says.
President Lyndon Johnson's victory that year was a mandate on civil rights and other major issues, like the creation of Medicare.
Lobbying began on all sides.
The Canadian price will be $1,000 (Canadian), or about $730 (United States).
Yet even as Elisa's death has prompted a new investigation of that system, budget cuts appear to be compounding its chronic problems.
The struggle, she assured her listeners, was worth it.
Mladic's Tirade Sarajevo, its siege now well into its fourth year, has been a symbol of the barbarity of the Serbs in Bosnia and their ability to do as they will.
"I hope people will get tired of that distance and long for the human contact theater provides," he added.
For that matter, the city went into a nosedive.
He said the offices would be given 96 hours to announce that they were closed and had ceased all activity.
Wellcome said it had given up its six-week hunt for another bidder.
They also remind us that we do not live in an irrational or meaningless world.
The expected changes would strengthen Mr. Haseltine, who runs the firm's customer-trading businesses.
It was "God's decision" that they were spared, he said.
The average bill for the program in 1994 was $1,606 per participant -- most are enrolled for about six months -- which is less than what it would cost to keep a child at Spofford for a week.
Critics say the disparities reflect race or class bias.
"Someone who can come in with an offensive plan and a defensive plan and get us to jell."
She was pulled from the water at 4:45 P.M., roughly the same time as Kinchata Gooden was discovered -- when the pool is usually filled with hundreds of swimmers during the summer.
The economic argument for the store is a strong one.
"No one thought he'd take a big shot like that," Grant said.
Two weeks ago, Frank Gifford, whom Cosell cruelly criticized in his 1985 memoir, visited him.
The Bells are being challenged by long-distance phone operators and cable television companies for the $90-billion-a-year United States market for local phone service.
The question on many farmers' minds now is how far industrialization will go.
Her little girl came home from Public School 145 with honors certificates and good attendance awards, paper trophies Ms. Collazo cherished.
I think that Mrs. Brambilla has worked in good faith.
"He got there around 6 P.M. and stayed until about 9 P.M., but he could have been there until midnight," she said.
I asked Gen. Colin Powell, who as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff strongly opposed the involvement of U.S. forces in the ongoing war because he saw no clear political will or military goal.
Others say he has not done enough to lure businesses in the way of tax relief and other incentives.
SO what was Officer Brosnan planning to say when young people like these asked about the indictments.
With obvious built-in audience appeal, why did the film version, with three stellar actresses -- Ellen Burstyn, Olympia Dukakis and Diane Ladd -- make no dent?
's largest holders, sold 2.5 million shares earlier this year, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For this house on eastern Long Island, the architects Peggy Deamer and Scott Phillips took inspiration from the Shaker canon -- natural light, symmetry and above all, simplicity -- then let loose their poetic imaginings.
*A player's contract can be voided if he flunks a club physical within 20 days of the signing (no such clause had existed).
While Microsoft is a coldblooded economic giant, its technology, along with that of its competitors, can foster democracy in ways G.M.
Greeting the Pope in a speech at the airport, President Havel spoke of the change in the country's mood since 1990 and of the challenges it now faces.
In when-issued trading late yesterday the two-year note was being offered at a price to yield 5.76 percent, while the five-year note was offered at a price to yield 5.91 percent.
Mr. Tulchinsky and Ms. Schneider were indicted in November on four counts each of tax evasion for not filing returns for 1986-89.
An island in Connecticut was for sale and he was intrigued.
For one, fees were assessed even against people, like Mr. Kamilewicz, who apparently did not have excessive amounts of money in escrow, or not enough extra to produce a refund to fully cover the fees.
"I nearly stopped then because I thought I must be mad trying to convince people there is something in this group," she said.
"Ultimately it will affect quality, and a number of them are going to have to close."
The French poet St.-John Perse once wrote that Mr. Cioran was "one of the greatest French writers to honor our language since the death of Paul Valery."
I'm not trying to hide anything.
The bride, 31, graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University and received a master's degree in the history of medicine from St. John's College in Cambridge, Mass.
Jaws dropped as the King spoke, so rare is that sort of blunt criticism from the traditionally reticent monarch.
At Woodhull Hospital in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, Dr. Yusuf Afacan takes care of poor patients sick with AIDS, drawing their blood, juggling their medications, finding them homes.
MATCH POINTS JENNIFER CAPRIATI, a desert resident and an avid ANDRE AGASSI fan, was in the stands watching the second-ranked player's victory.
Mr. Barton said he was taking things "one second at a time."
There are numerous reasons for this unfortunate animosity, one of which is the bringing of baseless lawsuits alleging constitutional discrimination.
But he defended the tens of millions of dollars that are to be paid to his friend, Michael R. Milken, for advising on the takeover, people who attended the conference said yesterday.
Foreign Minister Muhamed Sacirbey of Bosnia said his Government was seeking "political dialogue with the leadership of Banja Luka to bring about an orderly transition."
But with Jericho the first West Bank area to come under Palestinian self-rule -- junior partner to the more important Gaza Strip -- Mr. Abu Niel felt in his bones that this normally somnolent town was going to boom.
I want to feel excited; I want to make something happen.
Bucks 98, Spurs 84 Despite shooting just 42 percent from the field, Milwaukee beat visiting San Antonio for the first time since Dec. 8, 1991 -- a stretch of eight games.
Keep meeting secretly but insist to the loyal citizens of your city that you are interested in that $150 million renovation of your creaky old stadium.
That logo is a powerful lever, applying power from one product line to another, and it deserves the Justice Department's attention.
"She was a very forthright, bright, intelligent woman and seemed to be very good for him," he said.
But wait for "Sistah Supreme," the post-intermission solo piece written and performed by Liza Colon, who shifts, sometimes dizzyingly, often dazzlingly, between two roles.
That was wonder enough for two weekend refugees from Manhattan's meanness, but it got even better.
A bone-by-bone comparison with the remains of the largest known specimen of T. rex suggests that the newly discovered creature was slightly longer and maybe 3 tons heavier, Dr. Coria said.
LOBBYISTS The Senate voted 98 to 0 to require thousands of additional lobbyists to register and disclose their activities, but reached no agreement about limiting gifts from lobbyists and others.
They want to maintain the largest, most powerful military force on earth.
"The nation's major banks are spending a little more than $10 million a year -- meaning the market is only several hundred million dollars today, but it could double in two years."
The unit is more aggressive, faster and more skilled -- from cornerback Phillippi Sparks blitzing and sacking quarterback Jim Everett to Brooks being his hard-hitting self and getting six first-half tackles.
WITH: Holly Hunter (Claudia Larson), Robert Downey Jr. (Tommy Larson), Anne Bancroft (Adele Larson), Charles Durning (Henry Larson), Dylan McDermott (Leo Fish), Geraldine Chaplin (Aunt Glady), Steve Guttenberg (Walter Wedman), Cynthia Stevenson (Joanne Wedman), Claire Danes (Kitt) and David Strathairn (Russell Terziak).
What is it in chocolate that hurts dogs?
"The one exception is Lotus Notes.
The last time I was in Dallas, I looked high and low for Jack Flippo, the defrocked lawyer who stumbled into a private-eye career in Doug J. Swanson's endearingly demented first mystery, "Big Town."
Tony Glenos, the owner of the Donut Shop on 149th Street in the South Bronx, paused in his morning routine of flipping bacon and stirring home fries to wipe his hands on his grease-stained apron and gesture across the street.
The Jewish Museum in London, closed since last July, has reopened at a new site near Camden Town Underground station.
The Clinton Administration says this provision will clog American courts, offend American allies and violate international laws by giving American courts jurisdiction over disputes in another country.
As recently as 1988, health spending was going up 14 percent a year.
But Mr. Wickham said he believes the officer cannot do an effective job given his notoriety.
Now Army had a chance to win.
Used by the German Army to store munitions during the war, it was restored to religious use in 1953 and was the only functioning synagogue in all of East Berlin.
The package nibbled at many agencies.
There will have to be guarantees for the rights of all groups, Serbs included, to live free of intimidation and reprisals.
MacDonald and Coleman then met with Gerstein and a minority owner, Jerry Cohen, on Dec. 28 in Manhattan, voicing their concerns about the Nets and their ideas about improving the franchise.
I don't see you that way.
The determined German today disposed of Argentina's Ines Gorrochategui in a merciless manner, 6-0, 6-1.
Another neighbor, Nate, appeared at our door one night, shaking.
Home base was a tuft of grass between big-headed hortensia blooms.
The new place will feature entrees in the $12-to-$17 range.
25 A THREE-NEWSPAPER TOWN The market finally spoke, with a vengeance, when an executive flew in from Los Angeles last week and, after 10 years of losses, closed New York Newsday in an instant.
(Ages 4 to 7) HOW'S Dad doing these days?
In Maine, Mixtec migrants are on poultry farms, in Idaho in potato storage plants; in Arizona, they work in nurseries and on dairy farms; in Michigan, on beet farms.
prep software packages, all priced at about $50 and available for both I.B.M.-compatible and Macintosh PC's, are "Cliffs Studyware for the S.A.T.
Paulson has made just 8 of 18 cuts this season.
The best of them, to be chosen this month, will make it onto the fall schedules of the four major networks; the very best will survive the test of ratings competition to become hit series and will run for years, making millionaires of their stars, writers and producers.
It depicts an intricate field with all the artist's signature forms and images against a white background and is estimated at $2 million to $3 million.
Now he is down to three.
Casper's voice, provided by the 12-year-old actor Malachi Pearson, is that of a contemporary boy eager to impress his new friend but not at all sappy about it.
Hundreds of Times restaurant reviews are available on line from @times, an arts and entertainment guide on America Online.
Several more members of the cast are gone, including Mr. Scheider, who will return only for an occasional guest shot.
Even before his hospitalization, questions had been raised about whether Mr. Papandreou, already frail since undergoing heart surgery in 1988, would be physically able to serve his four-year term.
"I will not come to Converse," Ms. Faulkner said.
But a House-Senate conference has nearly completed a compromise measure.
Hamas accused Israel and the Palestinian Authority of engineering the explosion that killed at least five people, including Kamal Kheil, a Hamas gunman wanted for a series of anti-Israeli attacks.
Among the shows that Mr. Jonas helped develop for Warner Brothers are "I'll Fly Away" and "Sisters."
MOST of the action, however, is in mature red Bordeaux wines from the better vintages of the 1960's, 1970's and early 1980's.
Mr. Speaker, that means being involved at home and abroad.
It turns out to be surprisingly useful, helping keep the keys level when using the machine on your lap.
"Dolores Claiborne" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
He roamed center field like a cheetah and possessed an arm like a cannon.
It measures flap settings, heading changes, power levels, rates of descent and other parameters.
"I don't know of many picnics that end at that hour."
The proposed amendment to the company's bylaws, received by W. R. Grace late on Friday, was made after meetings in New York last week with Thomas A. Holmes, Grace's interim president and chief executive, and other company executives.
On 39 acres along Robbins Lane, at the site of the former Cerro Wire and Cable Company, just north of the Long Island Expressway, the Taubman Company is planning a shopping center with three anchors and more than 100 smaller stores.
Agents say the second robber wears some type of ear piece, which may allow him to monitor police radio broadcasts, or stay in radio contact with a lookout.
"Any such incident that makes her feel bad, out of control or helpless can lead her to binge for a feeling of short-term relief."
Thus, the annual depreciation deduction allowable would be $75,000 divided by 27.5, or $2,727.
The restaurant has only low tables with cushioned seating set on a dais, but since you've already removed your shoes downstairs, it's less of a nuisance than you might imagine.
Looking at the family pictures she brought from Russia, Nina V. spoke of the hardships in her native land.
The First Assistant State's Attorney, Andrea Zopp, rejected the notion that race and politics had played a role.
The witness was not aware the police were looking for him, Chief Hill said, but "he became very, very helpful" and confirmed the statements he had made to the hospital guard and the two traffic agents.
The tender of a drawbridge raised the span as a pregnant woman walked across it, causing her first to cling desperately to the edge of the rising deck and then to fall 50 feet to a sidewalk, officials said.
But the agreement was threatened late last year when Sprint's stock price fell sharply after the company joined an ambitious and big-spending telephone and cable television alliance with Tele-Communications Inc., Comcast and Cox Communications.
For Mr. Whitehead, who is 79, it has been a long time since he had a success of this magnitude.
Critics say it is overly broad, covering everything from child pornography to profanity, and may be unconstitutional.
He is a senior account executive in the Los Angeles office of Advantage International, a sports marketing and management company.
On every continent, Mr. Del Vecchio said, "increased pollution, computer use and television" mean that "more people are going to be wearing glasses."
(Ages 4 to 8) For that first year or so after her twin brothers arrived, Katie never felt bigger at all, just tired.
The discussions center on granting some form of autonomy to Indian communities, but the two sides differ over how much independence from the federal Government the Indians should have.
Clearly, the Chinese at some point came to the conclusion that things were threatening to spin out of control in a relationship that had already sunk to its lowest level since at least the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989.
Revenue rose to $1.8 billion from $1.69 billion.
However a new advertising market is now available: The weight loss, arthritic pill, liposuction, ginseng, adult diapers and other appropriate vendors all have built-in role models currently on the playing field.
Mr. Meyer, who is 50, will become president of MCA, replacing Sidney J. Sheinberg, 60, who has been given a deal to produce movies for MCA's Universal Studios.
Basketball National Basketball Association MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES -- Placed Stacey King, forward, on the injured list.
"In the Catholic Church, there is no need to have a visa or a passport," said the Rev.
Jerry Jones could be found on the day after the debacle with his feet firmly planted and with visions of Super Bowl XXX still dancing in his head.
The Speaker's comment created a rebuke even from one of his fellow Republicans, Representative Susan Molinari of Staten Island, who said, "Newt don't know diddly about New York."
These vows were only partly kept, but still they cost money and they began to change people's beliefs about what government could and should do.
March 19 (also 2 P.M.) at the Russian mission and residence, Mosholu Avenue at 255th Street; $20 ($30 for both), and $15 for students and the elderly ($25 for both); (718) 601-7399.
They saw raw, unfinished spaces and spaces that were overdone.
Kaplan made a remarkable play at the second trick, after winning in his hand.
"We'll mix it up, disguise a little bit," he said.
ANOTHER WOMAN IS RAPED IN CENTRAL PARK A Manhattan woman was raped and beaten unconscious in Central Park by a man who accosted her on a subway car, then followed her out of the station, the police said.
Commercial filtering programs like SurfWatch, which use technological innovation and hacker detective work to find and block Internet sex offerings en masse, are already on sale.
The judge, growing increasingly impatient as Mr. Ferguson's questioning of Mr. Parpan appeared to go nowhere, asked Mr. Ferguson if he had any witnesses of his own that he planned to present.
It said that continued softening in retail sales would hurt results for its third quarter.
The company earned $10.5 million, or 21 cents a share, for the third quarter last year.
A bright, colorful blob in a museum.
The Republican Congress, with its focus on ideology, is not swayed by obvious mass mailings generated by lobbyists, he added.
Open Sunday to Thursday from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. Closed for Jewish and public holidays.
Pecksniff is a relatively minor member of the Chuzzlewit family, which, as Russell Baker, the series host, notes, is mired in "congenital selfishness."
Corporate America is appropriating health care in this country with the sole purpose of making profit, by brutally squeezing doctors and hospitals financially and by restricting, and even denying, high-tech care to patients.
Dr. Foster earned his medical degree from the University of Arkansas in 1958, and a little more than a decade later, in 1973, the Supreme Court handed down its landmark decision in Roe v. Wade legalizing a woman's right to abortion nationally and thrusting thousands of doctors into the new arena of being able to legally terminate pregnancy.
The relationships of 36 sets 6 8 46 of sisters of varied callings and backgrounds.
"And today, people can find vegetarian food in lots of places.
Promoted Rob Rixford and Mark Brown to assistant general managers.
Would Mr. Filsinger interrupt his vacation on such short notice?
"Hackers" is fond of its high school heroes, but they are never as clever as the movie seems to think.
Mr. Meyer, another founder of Creative Artists, left in July to become president of MCA.
There are political and psychological factors as well.
I saw him on Johnny Carson a long time ago.
Both airlines say that their prices will becompetitive, and that their real price competition will be with international Aeroflot, which is normally the cheapest way to fly between the two countries.
But his self-fashioned forms often touch on major events in the Roman Catholic calendar.
A Growing Hunger Surging demand at soup kitchens and food pantries across New York City has forced centers to turn away the hungry.
Television and advertising executives kowtowed to the "Queen of Soaps."
The fact is that gay people, simply because of who they are, can still be legally fired without other cause in most states in this country.
The Millrose Games are more than America's best track meet, indoors or outdoors.
Childs missed everything from about 24 feet out as time expired.
817 to 827 and is a division of the Hernasco Corporation, a real estate investment firm.
But the mall has come up with new services, gimmicks to excite the "been-there, bought-that" suburbanite.
Healthdyne will retain two service businesses.
"It" is that moment that dominates headlines, infuses conversation, worries or excites investors, troubles democracy advocates and heartens patriots.
He ran for 58 yards, caught 9 passes for 51 more, and threw a 73-yard touchdown pass on a trick play the Seminoles used for the first time.
will open up more of its songs' inner worlds.
Prior to and since this court decision, far from "tearing out pages," I have spoken before countless groups, written many public statements and appeared on numerous TV shows urging the public to see all of these materials for themselves.
They rely mostly on bank loans to finance their lending.
Asked about that earlier this week, Mr. Johnson sounded shocked.
The Administration has yet to come to terms with the implications of last November's political earthquake.
The officials said Mr. Clinton on Monday would sign an executive order that would require the Attorney General to implement the policy as soon as possible for the approximately 60,000 people arrested each year on Federal charges.
The chef, Riccardo Traslavina, most recently used Sagpond Vineyards Verjus in preparing halibut that is sauteed with verjus, capers, leeks and tomatoes.
Gilligan's last marathon was Boston in 1989, when she ran her best time of 3:18.
What would Janice and I have to argue about?
Indeed, such self-interest may explain why the mega-media's coverage of the telecommunications bill itself has been so spotty that few Americans understand its momentous implications.
"It would be almost worth it just to get Channels 3 and 8 clearly," she said.
Hard living had taken its toll.
"Please come right over," it said, "and come in through the main Pennsylvania Avenue entrance."
"People in the courts need to realize that sexual abuse cases have profound psychological effects," she said.
B9 The Panthers' master builder.
But these changes are only cosmetic if they don't lead to bigger things.
With 11 unrestricted free agents on the roster there is sure to be a lot of turnover this off season.
Thus, researchers cautioned that proof that magnesium sulfate prevented cerebral palsy would require more studies, like randomly giving magnesium sulfate to some pregnant women and not others.
She was born Sandy Helsenrott, but I only knew her as Sandy Hart because her father had Anglicized it.
As a co-producer of the Academy-award winning movies "Philadelphia" and "The Silence of the Lambs," he has earned enough notice without the telephone book.
Drug sales in Argentina are $4.5 billion a year.
Arranged marriages are not romantic.
To describe how Michael Chang capitalized on the pace of a Michael Stich serve, he said: "It's like hitting an opposite-field double."
Mr. Domroe said that by early 1993, Federal investigators had noticed a conspicuous increase in the number of known or suspected drug traffickers who were in the United States illegally and were seeking immigration documents -- the better to travel freely and dispense their wares without distraction.
Asked what it was like dealing with Davis, Holden said: "He'd be holding a cocked gun to your head, saying, 'If you don't do what I want, I'm out of here.'
In an age when the raw exercise of power is thought to be unseemly, Willie Brown manipulates with panache and without apology.
Her most recent book, "Thieves' World: The Threat of the New Global Network of Organized Crime" (1994, Simon & Schuster), was praised by Stephen Handelman, of the Harriman Institute of Advanced Soviet Studies at Columbia University, as making "a significant contribution to post-cold-war debate" by affirming "that the growing interdependence among nation-states and financial institutions has made it easier for crime syndicates to cooperate across national boundaries."
The Italian luxury goods maker Gucci Group sold 24.5 million shares in a $539 million initial stock offering yesterday.
The acquisition would give Abbey "a stronger foothold in this market, which is part of their strategy," Mike Trippitt, bank analyst at S. G. Warburg, said.
The Democrats do it, the Republicans do it, forget about it.
The Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation provided a "fairness" opinion certifying that Rite Aid was paying a fair price for Revco, while Revco was advised by Morgan Stanley & Company.
The steady drumbeat of so-called exposes pounding away at the House of Windsor raises questions: Is the flood of "royal bashing" simply a cynical ploy to sell newspapers?
The central issue in Mr. Brown's case was whether he gave $500 to an agent posing as an associate of an Army procurement official trying to win a Government contract.
That goal requires taking $270 billion from the growth of Medicare, and biting deeply into Medicaid, education and programs meant to protect the environment.
Yet the culture clashes are what keeps Queens alive, and lively.
When our track got clogged, they should have held our express train back at the last stop and let passengers transfer to the local.
There is no question people don't want to hear any more about our troubles.
That is why we keep paying.
"This is disheartening," Mr. Rosenfeld, the consultant, said.
Wondercamp, 27 West 23d Street, Manhattan.
While another increase in short-term interest rates has been anticipated, weaker-than-expected retail sales figures last Friday raised questions in the minds of many market participants about the size and the timing of the next Fed move.
Mr. Burrows acknowledges that he is following in the footsteps of previous top-line television comedy directors, like Jay Sandrich of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "The Cosby Show."
His neighbors at the shelter teased him about his name, Elias, and he returned one day proclaiming he was now known as Larry.
Their first announced wedding date, Sept. 15, fell through amid reports of yet another breakup.
The accord, however, did not set a specific target, as did the agreement reached last week with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the state agency that controlled the transit police until 12:01 A.M. Sunday, when the transit police merged into the larger force.
Even the idea of ground-sharing is viewed with horror.
Steve Bochco, among television's more astute producers, devised "L.A. Law" and this season is weighing in with "Murder One."
Since 1978, her Victorian-era mysteries featuring Police Superintendent Pitt and Inspector Monk have been building a steady readership, especially in the United States, where three million copies are in print.
She was an excellent assistant.
The exhibitions and camp are expected to draw about 330,000 visitors during the first year of operation and create an estimated 300 full-time jobs and another 80 part-time positions, Mr.
And it said it still intended to buy Hills for $27 a share, unless a better offer emerged.
And what does it mean, Wechsler asks, that most of the calls for copies of his study have come from the beer companies?
They are: *viewpts@nytimes.com for Viewpoints articles *fromdesk@nytimes.com for personal essays.
It was noted that the United States has won the Olympic marathon only once since 1908; in fact, we've done it twice: Frank Shorter in 1972 and Joan Benoit in 1984.
And tomorrow, the Time Life Alumni Society is giving a party for 350 and turning away many more for lack of space.
PLAYWRIGHTS THEATER The 10th New Play Development Season, featuring "I See My Bones," by Kitty Chen.
And he asked the Assembly Committee on Oversight, Analysis and Investigations to help in the inquiries.
"Clint's management company has extensive research on Clint's audience that shows it skews younger, more educated and highly female," Mr. Coleman said, "and the match with QVC is incredible."
fell 1/4, to 93 3/4, after rising as high as 96 1/8.
B5 Berkow on the Indians.
Yesterday's additional fine brings the total to $43,756, which officials said was the highest ever.
Chris Calloway was all alone in the end zone after cornerback Dale Carter fell down.
"The key is experience," he said.
It has been said before that he, more than any Knick, embodies his team.
The obstetrics and gynecology department at Lawrence and Memorial Hospital supports some leeway on lengths of stay, said Dr. Lane, Ms. Sadosky's physician.
The problem needed only a nudge to start.
That 18-play drive ate up 9 minutes 41 seconds and left Boston College with too little time to win.
Councilman Walter L. McCaffrey criticized the Queens West board -- representing the state, the city's Economic Development Corporation and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey -- as outsiders with no knowledge of the borough.
It was not one of Hitchcock's nine walks, but a pitch that hit the No.
Fitting this mold, House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who represents Cobb County in Congress, campaigns for the Pentagon to buy Lockheed's planes: the F-22, more P-3's, C-5's and the C-130J, an updated version of the C-130.
But nearly every other political force in Guatemala now seems to be rushing to stake a claim to the Arbenz legacy.
Hassan's, opposite the west gate to the Umayyad Mosque, offers some of the finest damascene tablecloths.
(d) The composer was: Irving Berlin; George Gershwin; George M. Cohan.
The Mardi Gras Fun House lured Bart with its revolving walk-through tunnel.
The resort offers waterskiing, snorkeling, sailing, tennis and a fitness center.
Place a sprig of tarragon on top.
"These conspiracy theories just don't stand the light of day."
He was 81 years old.
"I think we can handle reading a book," said Amy Malboeuf, a sophomore.
"This is a win-win transaction for both parties," Christopher Dixon, an analyst with Paine Webber, said.
The net asset value of the Paine Webber Premier Tax-Free Income Fund, begun in late 1992, had an 18 percent gain in 1993 when interest rates fell.
In contrast, open-minded Paris welcomed the company.
Despite his team's performance, Baylor believes the Dodgers still have "the team to beat" in what he further believes will continue to be a four-team race.
Verbeek had started the play by skating right to left around the Colorado goal before sliding the puck to Adam Graves (two assists) in the left circle.
The Warlocks soon changed their name to the Grateful Dead -- a type of British folk ballad in which a human being helps a ghost find peace -- after running across the phrase in a dictionary.
The Jet offense played without two starters -- tailback Adrian Murrell, who has a pinched nerve in the neck, and tight end Kyle Brady, who has a sprained ankle.
This is what people want to see.
But a variety of defenders and an assortment of defenses created just enough problems to limit Moten just enough.
Between Memorial Day and Labor Day, children under 18, who stay free in their parents' rooms, may choose as a gift a Fun Pack with crayons and games, including the milk caps, or a video with Sega game tips, starring Sonic the Hedgehog and other heroes of the youthful.
Running from mid-October to mid-November, the series features an impressive cast of Jewish intellectuals: Leon Wieseltier, Midge Decter, Michael Walzer, William Kristol, Leonard Fein, Jack Wert heimer, Richard Bernstein and Irving Levine.
It happened to me, and then I could see.
FRANK TABERT of the Port Authority police.
She had worked at job after job -- sweatshops, day care centers, kitchens and offices -- to send her children to college, to see them settled, one as a banker and the other as a school principal.
Meanwhile, all the advertisements and announcements for a show of Frank Stella's new paintings, which opened last week at the Gagosian Gallery in SoHo, give the impression that Mr. Stella has also left Knoedler, for Gagosian.
Written by a historian who served under the infamous general, this book reveals a defensive, dyslexic boy who became a military man who was really at peace only when he was fighting.
The company said it planned to expand the plants in the counties of Greenville, Spartanburg, Lexington and Anderson.
You know who Lyndon Johnson was.
At that point, a special commission would decide which parks should get the ax and then present its list to Congress.
In speaking of Miss Shepherd, Mr. Bennett wonders at "the bold life she has had and how it contrasts with my own timid way of going on."
It helped support the radio stations; the television station, WNYC-TV, turns a profit.
The Royals acquired three minor leaguers for Cone, their No.
When we stopped in Bombay, I went to the market.
Relief from the heat wave spread throughout the New York region with the arrival of a cold front from Canada that swept in at about 11 P.M. Saturday and gradually pushed the temperatures to a low of 77 degrees in Central Park by 7 A.M. yesterday.
"There was a bond for technology at the same time, and that bond passed, " said Betty McSherry, the mother of three.
A Pyromaniac's Love Story 1995.
We won't dwell on the state of my shoes.
Although the company was continuing to negotiate an amendment to the credit agreement, it conceded that there was no assurance that it would successfully do so.
(AP) TIMBERWOLVES 104, BUCKS 100: Minnesota ended a five-game home losing streak with an overtime victory over Milwaukee.
"Disgusting" was the word Pete Kendall used.
"He could have sat on his presidential seat without taking risks and declared the familiar 99 percent triumph vote like other Presidents in the region," wrote Abdel rahman al-Rashid, editor of the Saudi-owned London weekly Al Mijallah.
In recent years, Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman have given a total of $20 million toward the new $100 million Science, Industry and Business Library, which is to open in the old B. Altman department store building in May, and toward the forthcoming renovation of the Public Library for the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center.
The two were a genuine odd couple: the hulking, drawling Mr. Hubbell and the leprechaunlike, fast-talking Mr. Nussbaum.
But he was himself an F.B.I.
"It's safe to say that this was a Democratic issue driven by a Democratic majority," Senator Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said of campaign finance reform.
Indeed, Mr. Cochran says, one cannot understand his career and the battle he has fought, apart from his race.
There was tension with her husband, "and after all the tragedies, my father was down and out," she said.
The Post, under Mr. Murdoch, has developed a strong conservative voice that has sometimes seemed aimed more at winning political points and annoying The Times than doing battle with the other tabloids.
Any student caught with a weapon in school would be subject to a mandatory disciplinary program.
Does it not insult all African-Americans who must contend with discrimination to suggest that Mr. Fuhrman's racist remarks were more stressful to whites than to blacks?
Quizzed about this ritual's biblical basis, the two men cited Numbers 31, in which the Midianites are vanquished by the Israelites.
Angelos kept the ownership local.
And, not always the case in the better- traveled parts of Asia, Sri Lankans seem delighted to have outsiders among them to spend money and enjoy the island.
For underwriting new issues, securities firms earn roughly $8 for every $1,000 bond.
"Welcome to New York," someone said to Mr. Buchanan as he left his news conference.
Dart, of Landover, Md., has been torn apart by a family feud in which Herbert Haft and his son Ronald are suing each other for control of the company.
Mr. Doyle says, "Each week I scan the papers for a suitable candidate, and then I Xerox their picture and put it up on my Wall of Shame."
George Pataki's main purpose in cutting the New York State Medicaid program is to close a budget gap created partly by his promise to reduce taxes.
* Mark Buckman, senior vice president and international media director on the Coca-Cola Company account at McCann-Erickson Worldwide, New York, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Cos., was promoted to the new position of worldwide media director on the account.
What could be called architectural accessorizing often draws on classical sources: a complex molding at the eaves, or a Palladian window (an arched opening, flanked by rectangular windows).
"The frightening thought," Strange said, "is to see how these guys played their hearts out and I let them down."
IT is not, however, the exhibition's most embarrassing moment: that comes with the colored etching of dogs in funny hats at a birthday party and a ceramic sculpture of a boat filled with creatures, all of them cute but not all canines.
Richard Aurelio, the president of Time Warner New York City Cable Group, said the names of people who asked for the programs would be kept confidential.
Last night, a surgeon at Staten Island University Hospital said the woman had undergone nearly three hours of surgery.
The existence of neutrinos was postulated in 1930 by the physicist Wolfgang Pauli.
Some computer makers include such warnings with their machines.
Harris will continue to be run by its existing management team in Chicago, the companies said.
Girls exposing their breasts and flashing white cotton panties.
At Bryant, for example, the student body has increased by nearly 20 percent.
"It is just one more way the system may be vulnerable," he said of the attack in Tokyo.
Springs, a maker of linens and bedding, had been looking to acquire a towel maker.
Its current budget is about $9 million.
Some guests, for instance, have been known to drain cans of soda and beer by punching a hole in the bottom, or to replace the clear liquor in miniature bottles with tap water.
In particular, the group, which has 70 members, is seeking Federal legislation to extend the copyright on all songs composed before 1978 to 90 years after composition.
And then with 4:44 left before the half, it was Young to Watters again.
Campbell Mithun already handles Interstate brands like Dolly Madison snack cakes.
Some traders also said that Mexico's deepening financial crisis encouraged demand for the perceived safety of United States debt.
And it was all done with the immediacy of a stone wall, there and impossible to ignore.
"I was pleased with the way I threw," he said.
Because the purchase does not require issuing any new Travelers shares, and because Travelers executives have a strong record in merging operations, the company won the approval of traders yesterday.
The case against the Morans is the second that the S.E.C.
To the Editor: "Trucks' Popularity Undermining Gains in U.S. Fuel Savings" (front page, Sept. 5) details the advantages of a higher federally mandated corporate average fuel economy standard for light trucks but omits a significant disadvantage: CAFE as applied to cars results in a significant increase in automobile fatalities, and raising the fuel economy standard for light trucks, utility vehicles and minivans may have even more severe safety consequences.
His answer: turn to the schools to teach "self-control, zeal and persistence, and the ability to motivate oneself" -- in other words, the abilities he calls "emotional intelligence."
Conservative law-and-order attitudes and rampant hero-worship invade all films based on Tom Clancy novels.
Michael Fortier, an old Army buddy of Mr. McVeigh who was friends with him when both lived in Kingman, Ariz., earlier this year, has disclosed that he helped Mr. McVeigh survey the building that was later bombed.
Bobbie McCormick, office manager of ERA American Towne Realty in Toms River, said the four possibilities include a "seller's agency," in which the broker acts exclusively for the seller; a "buyer's agency," in which the broker acts exclusively for the buyer; a "dual agency," in which the broker works for both the buyer and seller, and a "transaction agency," in which the broker works "for" neither of the parties but "with" both of them.
Shares of Occidental's parent, the Occidental Petroleum Corporation, rose 12.5 cents yesterday, to $23.625, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But lawyers for New Era have expressed uncertainty about the figures, citing the disorganized state of its records.
The trade deficit with Japan climbed to $6.14 billion, from $4.71 billion in February.
"Everyone is rummaging around in the basement now, looking for programs to trash," said William Hartung, a senior research fellow at the New School's World Policy Institute.
First, he argues that although no specifically "Dutch" or even "North Netherlands" identity existed before the revolt of 1572, certain political, economic and geographical factors had rendered the north provinces and the south -- which then included modern Belgium, Luxembourg and some areas now in France -- separate entities long before, with the politics of the former dominated by the tension between Holland and its neighbors.
The 13-year-old, who was not identified, was giving Carlos the gun to get it away from his 7-year-old sister, who had found it elsewhere in the apartment, Officer Samuel said.
The National Basketball Players Association filed a grievance on behalf of Mason, whose suspension cost him about $73,000 in salary.
But Mr. Shipp's testimony may have had another purpose: to show that Mr. Simpson had unusually cordial relations with police officers, countering the defense's contention that the police may have had a grudge against the former football legend.
Tennessee Williams Story A story that began in 1976 will reach its denouement in the fall when Crown publishes the first installment of Lyle Leverich's two-volume biography of Tennessee Williams.
This will surely encourage corporations to require secrecy agreements of their employees, encourage judges to consider such suits seriously and encourage the public to believe that the suits are legitimate.
Ms. Sui shortened the real mod girls' skirts, which were worn three inches below the knee, for a sexier silhouette, with go-go boots.
In time, she conceded that he had been right, he said.
The defensive line played well and was led by the three-sack, seven-tackle performance of end Michael Strahan.
"He said Fuhrman's testimony was corroborated by Vannatter, and now he'll probably say that Vannatter's testimony is corroborated by Fuhrman," one defense lawyer grumbled.
Mrs. Clinton said that the Administration as a whole had not been much more successful than she in getting its message across.
We will be very hard against people who continue to violate trademarks and copyrights after being properly warned."
"It also wasn't fair to the girls on the team who didn't shoplift, because a lot of people don't know who the guilty ones are.
Last year, Fox Television's cable arm moved to 26th Street and Fifth Avenue and began broadcasting segments from the park.
So it was essentially a Manhattan magazine.
But most Mexicans detest becoming wards of the U.S. or surrendering their oil as collateral.
Ask if he has made some mistakes, and he will admit to that.
They are literally pushed off the twigs.
6 Beliefs: Orthodox Easter's seven-week long Lent ends tomorrow.
"Up until then, they played a friendly game, like a scrimmage, and that's not the type of club we have," he said.
The mark has been steadily strengthening in recent months, benefiting by political uncertainty in Italy, Spain, France and Britain.
While children with peers and family members who smoke are twice as likely to smoke as are those who do not have such influences, children who are receptive to advertising are two to four times as likely to start smoking as are those who are not receptive, the study said.
Atlantic Golf in Westport, Conn., is selling six nights at a choice of four hotels: three in County Kerry and one in County Clare.
FOUR BIRDS OF PREY Those fierce and majestic birds known as raptors often become advocates for their species when trained to perform for an audience.
The alliance comes at a time when many national airlines in Europe are scrambling to remain competitive as the European Union moves cautiously toward open competition in the air.
They show the House and Senate at work and also their committees grilling or fawning over governors, lobbyists and Cabinet members.
As for movies, Mr. Tortorici announced that Neil Simon would write a new version of his play "The Sunshine Boys" for a younger cast, to be headed by Peter Falk and Woody Allen and that Francis Ford Coppola would produce an adaptation of the Robert Louis Stevenson adventure story "Kidnapped," probably starring Tom Selleck.
"The conditions Mexico is facing are very difficult.
No statistics are available on how many cities have lost their ball clubs under these pressures, but an informal count quickly climbs into the dozens.
"It wasn't until I came here, following the voice of a prophet, that my condition really began to change.
No Goethean redemption here: Faust's is a lurid life that ends badly.
When he began to write and sing his own songs, he could sound like an aging black redneck ("Memphis"), a youthful rockabilly redneck ("Johnny B. Goode"), a dirty old man ("My Ding-a-Ling") or a bemused sitcom parent wryly observing his young brood ("School Days").
Mr. Deutch speaking on the "MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour" on Tuesday, denied there were intelligence or operational failures.
A typical long-distance call from New York to Los Angeles can cost 10 to 27 cents a minute, depending on the time of day and a customer's discounts.
Today he met with Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet and President Le Duc Anh.
If convicted, Mr. Meadows could face up to 80 years in prison.
"My daughter, whenever she got out of school, she was always home on time," he said.
Even with the 12-page glossary, I had trouble responding to sentences like "Everyone knew Warreven was a halving, wry-abed and a Modernist to boot."
asked his mother, Rasema, as she pulled a sweatshirt from a bag and slipped it over her son's head.
From the very start of his precocious career, William Boyd demonstrated all the hallmarks of a natural storyteller.
290, Lafayette near Houston was still a garbage-strewn stretch.
Pharmacies often keep them waiting to pick up pills, as if they have no place else to go.
Today, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
Two years ago, the district was rated among the top 10 in the nation by Expansion Management Magazine for families involved in corporate relocation.
Mr. Pickens, then assistant director of the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish, kept Smokey at his house for a while in 1950 after the injured cub, originally called Hot Foot Teddy, was rescued from a fire in Lincoln National Forest in south-central New Mexico, said Bill Huey, a former director of the department.
As part of the overall project, Mr. Rome has suggested converting the Hartford Civic Center -- which would be within walking distance of the proposed stadium -- into a convention center at a cost of about $15 million.
The Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 established an interstate system reimbursement program.
There is Mr. Morrison, who has loved radio since his father dabbled in it years ago.
There is no admission fee.
13 35 SOUL MATES, by Thomas Moore.
A1 A DEMAND FOR DISMISSAL More than 80 members of the House of Representatives demanded the dismissal of the director of the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum over a disputed World War II exhibit.
The researchers said they had not determined how much and at what time during pregnancy magnesium sulfate should be given.
The popular "Evening at Pops" telecasts on PBS attract 40 million viewers a year.
But even though the need for trained, reliable substitutes is constant, the school system has been unable to supply every school with them.
But scientists say these factors are not to blame for the recent thinning.
They continued to train in the East Bay and fly to Los Angeles for games.
He said they asked if he had ever reported the things he was telling them.
In an interview with the French daily Le Figaro published Tuesday, Mr. Bedie said that it was the opposition, not he, that feared a confrontation at the ballot box.
THE language of bond investing can be daunting.
Sherrard, the Giants' tallest and swiftest wide receiver, was out with bruised ribs.
Midway through the season, he has been accorded what now passes as the highest accolade in professional athletics: his own sneaker commercial.
In mixing the works of well-known artists with those from the commercial and publishing worlds, the show emphasizes the social texture of photography of the period, rather than setting up a heirarchy of value with avant-garde art at the top.
Mr. Murdoch said he had paid little attention to the financial structure, leaving that issue to his accountants and lawyers.
What was most significant in this uninspired group of almost 30 shows, produced for the first time under the auspices of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, was that the drabness seemed completely unintended.
Salt-n-Pepa found a middle ground, rapping about female lust but insisting on safe sex.
Most nights, the last revelers go to bed after dawn.
About 40 percent of blacks who attend West Point enter through the prep program.
Wellington Mara, the Giants' co-owner, said Tuesday that no leniency would be given to season-ticket holders who let others use their seats.
And Mr. Mikva spends much of his time preparing the White House case against Whitewater allegations.
Under Mr. Mandela, South Africa has shied away from peace-keeping tasks in places like Angola and Rwanda, hoping to avoid being cast in the role of savior.
For example, Alan Adler, a veteran designer who in the mid-1980's developed a ring that holds the 1,257-foot distance record for a thrown object, says adding a small lip and a concave edge to a disk greatly increases its stability in flight.
But he had an enthusiastic group of fans rooting him on at the 18th, and he came close to breaking the 62 barrier.
But there is a difference today.
Francis X. Mazur, a Roman Catholic priest who is interim director of the Buffalo Area Metropolitan Ministries, which represents clergy members of about 30 faiths, said talk radio brings out the worst in some people.
The documents also suggest that tobacco executives funneled reports and memos to corporate lawyers to keep potentially damaging information secret.
For Okinawans, the rape aroused pent-up anger over the crime, noise and economic dislocation they are exposed to because their small island is home to three-fifths of the American troops in Japan.
West tried to score the club ace, but East would not let him.
Two marches down Jerome denouncing prostitution were held last year, one in May and one last December.
The tapes, which cost $29.98, could be ordered by calling a toll-free "800" number that appeared on screen.
The agreement drafted by Mr. Pataki and Attorney General Dennis C. Vacco of New York and by Mr. Keating and Attorney General Drew Edmondson of Oklahoma, is a simple one.
The big growth spurts are coming one or two states in from the West Coast, like Nevada, up 5.4 percent, and Arizona, up 3.3 percent.
It's a tough matchup for any defense in the league."
The letter also said the board had concluded that it was more important to focus on future conduct than "dwell on the shortcomings in the company's past policies and actions."
The Penn State players wore "National Champion" baseball caps after they ran up the score with all their might today in a 38-20 Rose Bowl victory over Oregon.
Mason was unhappy that he did not play more.
Despite continued dollar weakness against the Japanese yen, America's trade deficit with Japan was $6.19 billion in November.
Not that she has avoided security problems altogether.
"I'm going to try to get some equity for people who have had heart trouble," he said.
Mr. Gingrich was not present for the meeting.
He once told his protege Bobby Griffith to call him George.
"President Clinton has done some good things," he said at his news conference.
Six Bucks reached double figures, led by Robinson (25 points).
Stephanie Alice Boles, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Travis H. Boles of Signal Mountain, Tenn., is to be married today to Jesse Paul Dienstag, a son of Eleanor Foa Dienstag of New York and Jerome Dienstag of Highland Park, Ill. Judge Robert M. Summitt of the Hamilton County Circuit Court in Chattanooga, Tenn., performed the ceremony there at the Patton Chapel.
Mr. Delury's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, objected to the release of the diary, saying it was a "deeply personal document that has to be read in context with a lot of other materials."
The former officer, Daniel Perez, 24, was dismissed from the police force when he pleaded guilty last month.
I was touching her and she was pulling away."
That is amazing, when you consider all the changes of the last four decades.
Add to this the thankless, endless task of getting one's music noticed, performed, published and preserved: the composer must be a poet and politician in equal measure.
"And you know what that means."
"As a not-for-profit educational institution, we can provide space less expensively than a conventional developer can," said John A. McBride, a testing-service executive.
"It was simply to re-evaluate the market."
And there was the retaliatory abuse from their male co-workers that finally forced them to quit their jobs: threatening calls at home and constant ridicule.
Tomorrow, 3 P.M., at the Brooklyn Children's Museum, 145 Brooklyn Avenue, at St. Marks Avenue, Crown Heights.
Under pressure from Washington and eager to make a good impression at the start of peace talks in Ohio, the Bosnian Serb authorities hastily handed over 300 male Muslim civilians on Monday in exchange for 150 Serbian prisoners of war, American officials and international relief agencies said today.
In the last three years, more than 7,500 travel agencies closed, victims of everything from the recession to travel jitters caused by the Persian Gulf war, and many others affiliated or merged with larger agencies to survive.
By hiring Mr. Kvalheim and other debt specialists, Deutsche Bank is showing that it thinks bonds and other debt securities, though less profitable than equities, offer one of the best opportunities for increasing its Wall Street presence.
Marie Callender, a California woman who started baking pies at home for a delicatessen and turned that into a chain of 146 restaurants and a frozen-entree business, died on Saturday at the Rossmoor Regency Residential Community here.
Tiny Tetley was tucked away inside the bag.
Pittsburgh fans, expressing their anger at the players' strike and some shoddy defense, halted the Expos-Pirates season opener for 13 minutes tonight by throwing wooden sticks onto the playing field.
"After the close, we heard the strike was over, but any disruption could have direct ramifications on supply in the U.S." The strike at plants in Zulia state could have affected nearly half of that country's output.
It is expected to begin service in some homes late this year.
MIAMI DOLPHINS -- Signed Dwight Hollier, linebacker, to a two-year contract and Ontiwaun Carter, running back.
A lot of people, when they think values, they immediately think value conflict.
And yesterday, the company was fielding questions about whether Mr. Grace's compensation package and his son's business transactions with the company had been fully disclosed to investors.
December MOHAMED KHAZNADJI -- From Algeria, he plays Arab-Andalusian music with a 10-piece orchestra -- a bridge, perhaps, between Middle Eastern music and flamenco.
At 1,000 cups a case, that's 1.7 million cups of "we are happy to serve you" a month, almost enough for a cup of overheated coffee for every man, woman and child in the borough.
Their schooling and experience may be similar.
Today, in response to a question about the possibility that the Dallas owner, Jerry Jones, was working on endorsement deals for Sanders in an effort to lure him to the Cowboys, Tagliabue said the league would look closely at any contract that appeared to circumvent salary-cap rules.
The number to call for reservations and information is 328-9703.
MEMORIES ARE LIKE FOOL'S gold.
Now the facts of the story come back: At first, to break the bliss of a privileged childhood, there is the Soviet occupation in which the part of Poland where Yehuda grew up is annexed to the Ukraine.
But one disastrous round wiped out their lead, and with one deal remaining, they were fractionally behind Nick Nickell of Raleigh, N.C., and his world championship team.
The 24-year-old American was momentarily disqualified during the national outdoor championships for knocking a hurdle into the lane of a competitor, then he stumbled on Friday after the 10th hurdle and almost didn't qualify for today's final.
The 28-year-old chef has made a signature of his cold, cream of potato soup dotted with fresh Provencal black truffles, and samplings in both St.-Tropez and Paris suggest he should never take this rich, voluptuous soup off the menu.
After heavy pressure from the United States, it went to the Raytheon Corporation.
Most Democrats and some intellectuals tend to blame a culture of immediate gratification, an increasingly rootless society and an economy that no longer offers the unskilled jobs that once kept poor families afloat.
An article yesterday about victims of the earthquake in Japan referred to the death of one foreigner incorrectly in some copies and misstated his citizenship.
Should all expressions of contempt for the flag be banned?
Such uncertainty has depressed demand for commercial real estate, and prices have fallen up to 90 percent in some areas.
He would then be admitted indefinitely -- probably for a minimum of 90 days -- to Spring Branch, a high-security Houston hospital affiliated with the John Lucas Treatment Center.
Here, the designed object is considered not just a work of visual art but a medium of communication, an instrument more powerful in its own way than a written manifesto.
It was inspired by a line in her autobiography, "I feel like I've been a fighter all my life," and had her on a flatbed truck, flanked by male and female boxers, inching down Fifth Avenue to the theme from "Rocky."
One reflection of the concern about the domestic video-rental market: In the second quarter of 1995, Viacom got 20 percent of its $2.8 billion in sales, and 30 percent of its $628 million in cash flow, from its video stores.
This theory did not make a big impression in England and the United States, but was embraced by German geopolitician Karl Haushofer in the 1920's and was picked up by Hitler in "Mein Kampf," closely associating the word with Nazi world dominance.
"Sometimes it's the kids that send me for their parents.
Proving that one's place in the pecking order of Washington can rise or fall abruptly, they chose heaped praise on Mr. Christopher, the man probably most excoriated for the foreign policy performance of the last two years.
"Just the thought of a U.S. naval vessel handing over refugees seeking freedom to Castro's agents is repulsive.
Schmaltzy tunes with dramatically charged lyrics were sung from the rueful but dry-eyed perspective of someone who has lived long enough not to be overrun by emotion.
And we shall want some to bear our expences home.
The significance of the quick exchange between player and manager might seem trivial, but illustrates the new mood surrounding the Mets now that Green's return is certain.
But the Avenue C vendors are not being relocated.
"Now it's just horses and no-names, and there's more people than swallows.
Haiti's new democracy stands at a precarious moment.
"The city has to remain divided.
This room and the other main picture galleries are on the second floor of the museum and, thanks to pieces of original fabric and carpet found at Apsley House and at the Duke's country home at Stratford Saye, they have been restored to resemble how they appeared in watercolors painted by Thomas Shotter Boys at the time of Wellington's death in 1852.
The girl, a student at John Jay High School in Park Slope, "alleges that Mr. Evans invited her to meet him after school at the Fulton Mall, then took her back to his apartment, forcibly raped her and threatened to kill her if she ever told anyone about the attack," Mr. Stancik said in a statement.
"Phil Gramm is playing to the Republican primary voter," Kenneth M. Duberstein, former chief of staff to the patriarch of tax-cutters, President Ronald Reagan, said the other day.
You can find out who they are -- even join one of the three New Jersey chapters, or grottoes, of the national organization for cavers -- by calling the National Speleological Society at its headquarters in Huntsville, Ala.: (205) 852-1300.
Did a potential wife lurk among the crowd of commuters that shuffled past him onto the ferry?
They have kept sand in the sandboxes, something the city has generally abandoned.
Organizationally, it seems incapable of projecting itself when its accomplishments are genuine, and then complains when journalists won't do the job for it.
Kenneth Raske, president of the Greater New York Hospital Association, said that such cuts would result in widespread closings and "layoffs the scope of which we've never seen before."
"Never forget, they tell us, that humanitiy is capable of the worst, just as it is capable of the best."
On other commodity markets, cotton and copper prices fell sharply, reversing their recent trends.
"I want to know who asked the palace captain to authorize this visit," said Mauricio Vargas, acting director of Semana.
And, of course, it includes the annual edition of Bill Parcells's raging at Sabol's cameras.
Reliable nurseries and garden centers are well aware of these fine plants and can steer the novice to the better choices that will thrive in a given spot and provide joy in the scheme of things.
Orlando is also the worst free-throw shooting team in the league, and O'Neal has continued to struggle, hovering around 55 percent despite working on his technique almost daily.
Quebec was second to Detroit in the overall standings, with a league-leading 185 goals and the second-most efficient power play.
The bill provides that a one-day hospital stay is sufficient if an insurer covers three visits by a registered nurse to a family's home.
The independent agency created by the City Council is clearly superior.
In an age when most small American towns are lucky to have one bookstore, Montpelier has five, including one of the best independent stores in the northeast, Bear Pond Books, there on Main Street.
Nearly 200 departures were delayed, for up to two hours, at Kennedy, La Guardia and Newark airports.
At the top, there's a mathematical formula totaling up the numerical values of the day, the month, the decade and the year.
Where most young jazz singers bring gospel and rhythm-and-blues ideas to their work, he has absorbed jazz singing, which despite its relationship to other styles, has its own codes.
The goal was to do it in a creative way that would be good for business and in keeping with the image of this quaint fishing town.
"When my husband finds out how much fun we had here today, he'll be asking why he wasn't here," said Mrs. Clinton, who along with Jane Alexander, the chairwoman of the National Endowment for the Arts, handed out the awards for folk and traditional art.
The measure's sponsor, Representative John Hostettler, Republican of Indiana, said the law contributed to the "moral and legal erosion of the traditional family."
I'd go into the A.
A gun was lying next to Mr. Fichter's body, Mr. Tamari said.
The Jets and Giants no longer are New York teams; they moved to New Jersey.
The school newspaper made unmerciful fun of it at first, but that has stopped.
The book's heroine, Ginnie Pryor, is a Virginia plantation slave who has borne two of her three children to her master.
We're trying to be humane and professional and not to wait until the last minute."
I thought I had reserved a nonsmokers' room through Accommodations Express, a citywide reservations service.
(Phase II is scheduled for 1997.)
The 1917 Code of Canon law punished abortion with excommunication.
The dollar ended unchanged against the German mark and barely down against the yen.
The case has attracted not only local but also national attention because of what some blacks see as a pattern of the predominantly white Federal law-enforcement establishment spending time and money prosecuting cases against blacks and members of other minority groups that it might not have pursued against white leaders.
Open Airways for Schools is empowering children in some city elementary schools to learn greater self-confidence about living with asthma.
Ms. Sloane said Mr. Roth had a talent at designing rustic homes in the development that blended well into their surroundings and were made mainly of natural materials.
Merck earned $757.4 million, or 61 cents a share, up from $675.2 million, or 54 cents a share, a year earlier.
All that conjures up images of a young Kevin Mitchell, who as a rookie played just about everywhere as the Mets won the 1986 World Series.
Associations and corporations, he said, primarily need adequate amounts of property and casualty coverage on the structure.
The plant is expected to cost about $27 million and to begin operating in the first quarter of 1996.
By 1993, there were 38 cases for every 10,000 workers.
"It won't be a factor.
Compared with his grimly didactic paintings, the results are delightfully funny.
At the outset, she notes that Child's work seems to have a "startlingly modern ring."
He said he and his colleagues had looked at 41 symptoms or abnormalities associated with connective tissue disease, including many that Dr. Solomon cited, and did not find that women with implants were any more likely to have the disease.
While Mr. Donahue's star rose in Washington, Mr. Sweeney's rose in New York.
What surprised the visitors, however, was how quickly Mr. Li dropped those issues and jumped right into business: Power projects that need foreign capital, China's plans for buying and building new passenger aircraft, the giant Three Gorges Dam project.
He sees sadness, but he's so full of life."
And while it cannot be said that they have altered the face of the country, they have left an indelible mark in many areas, from science labs to concert halls.
It was an existence of study and incarceration, modest jobs, protest and pamphleteering.
About every 10 years it reconstructs the basket, and this usually lowers the trend line.
But Judge Posner readily concedes that efficiency is not the be-all and end-all: "Our liberal intuitions are as deep as our utilitarian ones."
"It's happened before; it's not a new story.
Third-seeded Magnus Larsson, who won the year-ending Grand Slam Cup last month, defeated Karol Kucera, 6-1, 6-4, in the hardcourt warmup to the Australian Open.
He reported the work with mice in the July issue of the journal Nature Medicine with co-authors at his school and in New York.
The first measure, sought by SUNY since 1993, is expected to pass both houses by the end of January, according to State Senator Kenneth P. LaValle, Republican of Suffolk, the Senate higher-education committee chairman.
These could come from the United Nations, the United States or another country.
"He played extremely well," Esiason said.
When I come home, I ain't got nobody to talk to.
When contractors opened the walls to replace the elevators, he said, they discovered that the steel beams were not where they were supposed to be and had to be replaced.
Goaltender Curtis Joseph, who has a 10-1 career mark against San Jose, made 17 saves.
KEY: Yea; Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.
The C-17 represents 8,500 McDonnell-Douglas jobs in Southern California.
The Chancellor said that in another effort, officials are working with state legislators to introduce a bill that would create a separate bonding authority for the city schools' capital projects.
But he was still the first one to be democratically elected.
Their slashed and stabbed bodies were discovered by a neighbor about midnight.
On Wednesday, his production of "The Mountain Giants," Pirandello's unfinished final play, will have the first of five performances at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
By James Howe.49 BROADWAY CHICKEN.
Asked by the NTV film crew if they intended more attacks like the one in Budyonnovsk, Mr. Khamzatov repled: "Yes, we can repeat it even more strongly.
A year ago, for example, the machinists and the steel workers went after 8,000 workers at USAir, a campaign that the machinists ultimately won.
Those strategies involve cracking down on a variety of minor offenses like public beer drinking and graffiti vandalism as a way to search suspects for weapons and pick up criminals with outstanding warrants.
"We all recognize that portfolios change every day and a fund manager's comments can be quickly outdated by market conditions," Mr. Tennes said.
A wind pushed the fire in a southerly direction, sparing several outlying communities whose occupants had been evacuated.
In 1982, Senator Harrison A. Williams, Democrat of New Jersey, resigned after debate had begun on his expulsion and it had become clear that a vote of more than two-thirds was certain.
To the Editor: On behalf of my partners in Major League Baseball, I take exception to the last clause in "Playoff Passions" (editorial, Oct. 10).
Vans full of guys selling neon socks are selling next to a guy selling sunglasses, and it gives the place a feel of an open bazaar.
Handing shuttle operations over to a contractor is seen as an initial step toward privatizing the shuttle system.
Others suggested Mr. Christopher's complaint was for Chinese consumption: that he was trying to assure Beijing the mission was not approved at the State Department or White House and was in no way intended to undermine relations with Beijing.
The Jets have also halted themselves when they have the ball.
But first she had a party to oversee.
Bernie Rhodenbarr, the light-fingered hero of a lighthearted series by Lawrence Block, makes no wimpy apologies for his profession.
"I hope they never move," Mrs. Grant said of Kathleen and Hubertus Franke, the young professional couple who live upstairs.
The yellow clivia is "one of the holy grails in the plant world," said Chris Curless, staff editor at White Flower Farm in Litchfield, Conn.
Mrs. Walker told of a woman who recently visited the duck for the first time since she was a little child.
That's all well and good, but what does it have to do with the job?
Mr. Morris wrote in The New Yorker magazine of Jan. 16 that in a visit to Mr. Reagan's Los Angeles office, Mr. Morris noticed a display of lead soldiers on a shelf, and Mr. Reagan said, "He -- we -- we had to make space, uh -- move those trees."
Beside the pool is a stark stucco wall in the manner of Luis Barragan, but sliced by a pair of wooden sheds containing cabana rooms, a perfect metaphor for the way in which the house attempts to put common imagery into a starkly dramatic new context.
A14 SETBACK FOR A BUDDING CAMPAIGN Gov.
Many of the components and production equipment they use to make chips, videocassette recorders and other products come from Japan, so that the nation's trade deficit, mainly with Japan, balloons when the economy booms.
"I think we are very poorly served by the international mass media when it comes to explaining our national way of life," he said.
But like these men, Mr. Diamond can claim the title that comes with discovery and, unquestionably, were it not for him, no one would know that the old tunnel was there.
Together, these tracks hold nine Winston Cup races a year.
Federal Judge Robert Patterson Jr. ruled that the plaintiffs were likely to win their suit, and put a stay on the fare hike.
The News Journal has said it stands behind the story.
"We talked about this a long time," said Faith H. Consolo, the firm's managing director.
But he added that Baxter's "hospital side is not growing as fast, and is under a great deal more pressure" than other parts of the company.
It seems the only attention you pay to Trenton concerns the political activities of the state government.
FOR Vera and Evan Eichenbaum, Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe, and for their American-born children growing up in Cleveland during the late 1930's and 40's, Wednesday night at the movies is one of the rites of assimilation.
"No one trusts the politicians on any subject, but everybody believes the King," said Sawai Sincha, whose noodle stand in Bangkok is decorated with a tiny teak-framed photograph of King Bhumibol and Queen Sirikit.
Sprinkle with the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.
Whatever the case, critics and admirers alike agree that the messy divorce going on between Dr. Murphy and the Charlotte schools is an object lesson in why urban school superintendents have the kind of job security and career longevity that makes baseball managers look like corporate lifers.
At 48, he is president and chief executive of Collagen in Palo Alto, Calif.
Lilian Randall, curator of manuscripts at the Walters Art Gallery in Baltimore, said yesterday that she had known Professor Melnikas for 25 years as a visitor to the gallery.
"I know that I run in 10 times a day to talk about the squares," he said of the office occupied by his scheduler, Doug Binzak, a senior vice president.
"There's nobody quite like him in the current landscape," said Mr. Silver.
Howling is a means by which competing packs warn each other of their presence and, within the pack, of bonding socially; group howling sometimes seems to be something like a community sing.
Five days after ousting Navratilova, Sabatini's moribund career took a turn for the better when she defeated 18-year-old Lindsay Davenport in the Championships finale and finally ended what had occasionally appeared to be a career-threatening title drought that persisted through 43 events.
And the quality, utility and dependability of the postings varies widely.
A month later, on Dec. 23, Roxane Murray, a healthy 24-year-old who had just received an honorable discharge from her Army Reserve unit, entered Kings County to deliver her second child.
The controversy centers around a campaign by a group of merchants and homeowners in Westchester Square and the surrounding neighborhoods to sever ties with the largely poor and working-class Hispanic residents of Board 9's southern section.
While getting a lien extinguished can be a nuisance for public officials, it can be a costly and time-consuming exercise for a private citizen.
"Castro is still there after 35 years of sanctions.
The guests and employees were taken by bus to a temporary shelter set up in the gymnasium of the Faust Intermediate School in East Rutherford.
Cut into 4 long slices and parboil in water to cover for 1 minute.
(World Almanac/Funk & Wagnalls, $8.95.)
On Saturday night, members of the Yale Music Spectrum used the playful Classicism of the String Trio as the occasion for a program that paired Webern and Mozart.
In Mr. Rucker's view, the play appears to take place outside an Italianate cabana club as though an extra or two, fresh from a Fellini or a Marx Brothers outtake, were wandering through the Borscht Belt, under the influence of a snort of cocaine and a tune by Kurt Weill.
Of the recipes for making bombs, he said, "We have made sure that nothing like that gets on our system again."
I want to hear it every day all day."
The film is lyrical about childhood, yet unsentimental about the dangerous world all children must fall into.
These are the featured attractions of a journey for which the itinerary, as solemnly intoned by a recorded narrator, includes ancient Egypt, Lebanon, Israel, Turkey, Greece and Broadway.
But after a year of special monitoring in which no complaints were filed, precinct commanders took him out of the program, said a senior police official with access to Officer Livoti's file.
As she waited in the Albany Medical Center she read about the shooting and the Lociceros' donations.
Just as I was considering that problem, a friend of mine invited me to a concert in which David was performing music from Jefferson's collection.
But if someone was responsive before to therapy, and they're not suicidal now, then sure, why not try psychotherapy again?
Because the fire zones are on private property, cars parked in them can be towed at any time, a tactic some shopping center owners are now using.
His best Masters performance is a tie for 25th in 1992.
Company' Stays to Itself The "Company" move is kaput.
"But the players still have to perform."
Neither Mario Sbarro, chairman of Sbarro's, nor Anthony Scotto, the major partner who directs his family's business, have released details about the enterprise.
In earlier cases, the Court has insisted on evidence rather than generalized assertions about the history of racial discrimination to be overcome.
And this is "theater of the mind," the director and the actor agreed.
Ms. Grey, 29, is keeping her name.
Simple carbohydrates may be out, too.
To the Editor: "Up in Central Park" (editorial, April 15) describes the Charles A. Dana Discovery Center as "the old boathouse."
But then again, too much of a good thing isn't always good either, particularly in a co-op.
Captain Briot testified in detail about a sudden roll in an ATR-42 operated by Continental Express near Newark on March 4, 1993, that was attributed at the time to turbulence.
Today, 10:30 A.M., "Pueri Hebraeorum" by Tomas Luis da Victoria, "O Vos Omnes" by Carlos Correa, with choir and organ, "The Singing Bishop," student performance.
The division was not profitable and not strategic to the data processing service company's long-term growth goals.In addition, the company received a four-year contract to provide data processing services to its former division.
This is a long-suffering town that hasn't won a World Series game since 1948.
"I never expected so much support in so short a period of time," said Mr. Arons, "I've had a couple of hundred phone calls from people who want to get involved."
Mixed Vegetable Chips taste like the crisply fried vegetables they are.
Egregious affronts to human rights, like the latest reimprisonment of the pro-democracy intellectual Chen Ziming and the denial of consular access to a detained United States citizen, Harry Wu, should be met by withholding American gestures China clearly wants, like Cabinet-level visits and a meeting between Mr. Clinton and the Chinese President, Jiang Zemin.
Ferries from Greenport and Sag Harbor switch to off-season schedules, and visitors who do not leave the island before midnight do not leave until the next morning.
Clerk typists, for example, were 4.7 times more likely to be dismissed and custodians 4.1 times more likely to be discharged.
The risks to the crown jewel of the national park system are so grave that Congress should appropriate $35 million to compensate the mining company, Noranda, for its exploratory expenses and then tell it to go away.
On stage, the actors are still rehearsing.
Friday at 10 P.M., Saturday at 8 and 11 P.M. and next Sunday at 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $35-$40.
Oupa Monyobo, deputy president of the Police and Prisons Civil Rights Union, which represents police and prison wardens, said he sympathized with the Government's predicament, but was not sure the union could persuade its followers.
There exists, says Mr. George, "an internal gamesmanship" based on educational and social pedigree.
Shun "park-bench rumor" skewed by other people's limited experiences and preconceptions.
Michelle, the largest producer; Columbia; Paul Thomas; Hedges; Snoqualmie, and Salishan.
"Birds by Edward Marshall Boehm," more than 40 porcelain figures depicting birds in their natural habitats.
By the time they got to that age, maybe there was no way to change them."
Dave Maggard, director of sports for Atlanta's Olympic organizing committee, said that Atlanta could accommodate a schedule change because the men's marathon is run through the streets and does not require a ticket to watch.
* Ending the WIC program.
Mr. Clinton added, "I have instructed relevant U.S. Government agencies to work with the Government of Pakistan to apprehend the perpetrators of this cowardly act."
The report in Business Week, by a staff reporter, Willy Stern, said the article was based on interviews with more than two dozen bookstores across the country and 100 interviews with book industry representatives.
They also will have to outrun the cream of California's herd, notably Larry the Legend, Afternoon Deelites, Jumron and Timber Country, who finished in that order last Saturday in the Santa Anita Derby.
Then Mr. Specter makes his own argument: "There is a continuum from Pat Buchanan's 'holy war' to Pat Robertson's saying there's no separation of church and state, to Ralph Reed saying pro-choice candidates can't be on the Republican ticket, to Randall Terry saying 'let a wave of hatred wash over you,' to the guy at Robertson's law school who says murdering an abortion doctor is justifiable homicide, to the guys who are pulling the triggers."
In the meantime, a group of House Democrats chastised corporate leaders who last week took out newspaper advertisements urging the President and the Republican leaders in Congress to put aside their differences and to agree on a plan to balance the Federal budget by 2002.
A benign tumor may grow very slowly for years before it causes enough pressure on the brain to produce a recognizable symptom.
Under one roof, it concentrates the common tensions between migrants and their American-born neighbors in the inner city, between those who see great opportunity here and those who see only hopelessness.
The Dart Group Corporation, torn apart by a bitter family feud, said today that a stock-option agreement between a shareholder group and Ronald Haft was no longer in effect.
Ten years earlier he had gone down to the financial district from the Bronx to clean buildings as a porter while studying painting and illustration at the School of Visual Arts.
Intercast data will initially be available nationwide beginning in the first quarter of next year.
The annual cost of reducing power-line fields in the United States is estimated at $1 billion to $3 billion.
But the Jets' receivers were hardly among the long-faced losers in the locker room Saturday night.
But the meeting today was nonetheless viewed here and in other capitals as a significant good-will gesture to Baghdad, signaling that once United Nations sanctions are lifted, France expects to be rewarded with new business opportunities.
But until now, Campbell has never been an N.H.L.
Outwardly, its appearance is much like other jet fighters except that it has no tail and employs a thrust vectoring system with three paddles that deflect the exhaust to change directions and perform maneuvers.
Of the alternative paths to teaching, the program has come under the heaviest criticism for not adequately preparing people for demands of teaching.
"This party is not great at standing up to this kind of thing," Mr. Bennett told the magazine.
Her main helpers are five neighborhood children who are too small to lug gallons of water from her apartment.
Mr Litton ha been trying to protect this region for much of this century; he was instrumental in preventing the damming of the canyon in the 50's.
Mr. Trimble, a 50-year-old lawyer, was a surprise victor in voting tonight in Belfast for the leadership of the Ulster Unionist Party.
"I signed his name and she just lit up.
"You are in dangerous ethical waters when you deliberately misinform or lie to customers," warns the gravelly narrator on one of the training tapes.
Anne Ratner, a music patron who kept alive the idea of the music salon, died on Saturday at her home in Manhattan.
The treaties also provide that the canal itself be turned over by 2000, when American military bases will also be restored to Panama and the last of the American troops there will be withdrawn.
Mr. Guare recounted the story of an evening in 1952 in Jackson Heights, Queens, when he went to a local movie house to see the film version of "Death of a Salesman" with his father, whom he described as having been the "vice commander in charge of Americanism" for his local veterans' group, and not a man to express his doubts about the American way.
In our century, though, Shakespeare has become high culture, seen and read mainly by an intellectual and economic elite.
From the belligerent Bohemian punk poet of the 70's who galvanized the New York underground to the loving wife and mother of the 80's who shocked her fans by disappearing to the Detroit suburb of St. Clair Shores, Ms. Smith has stayed true to the refrain of "Rock-and-Roll Nigger": "Outside of society is where I want to be."
True balsamic vinegar, made in Italy in the area around Modena and Reggio nell'Emilia, is dark, mellow and viscous, with none of the harshness of the cheaper kinds.
Mr. Gallagher, 38, has been telling his own story for years, at first as part of his own therapy, more recently as a writer, cable TV show host and inspirational lecturer.
The judge said he issued his order in response to reports that the teen-age suspects in a killing of a Camden youth last week were under the supervision of the Juvenile Intensive Supervision Program.
About 6,000 jobs would be eliminated, they said.
Eddie Abell, who works at Whitehall helping people to store and to transport their things, is not very interested in what items are stored; he wants to know what they weigh.
September deliveries of frozen concentrated orange juice rose 3.65 cents, to $1.0775 a pound.
So in a sense, Lisa's crew got off easy.
Weather data range from capsule forecasts for every major city on the planet to satellite photos of the planet.
One is that some terminals can be reached only by a subway, which is jammed because planners did not order enough cars.
Aerolineas is still losing money.
It used to be that quality films and television shows aspired to theater's grandeur and high seriousness or frantically tried to imitate its comic chic and style.
"There has never been an African-American who seems to have enjoyed the broad band of support across the entire electorate, and therefore had a shot at being elected President," said Hugh Price, president of the National Urban League.
"Yesterday was unfortunate, but it's understandable based on what's been going on in Albany the last few years," said Peter F. Vallone, the Speaker of the City Council.
"It was paranoia," he said.
The chairwoman, Representative Nancy L. Johnson, Republican of Connecticut, has suggested that it will be a few weeks before the committee decides what to do.
To the Editor: Re "The New Attack on Human Rights" (editorial, Dec. 10): You correctly chastise Indonesia, China and Singapore for accepting only those rights that suit their cynical purposes, and find it "patronizing, indeed almost insulting to Asians and others, to suggest that citizens in developing countries should not have the same rights as those in more developed lands."
As usual, there was a stunning mix of sensuality and sweetness in Ms. Bussell's personal style.
Throughout the Reagan and Bush years, he taught international relations at Mount Holyoke College in western Massachusetts and raised cattle on his 130-acre farm in nearby Worthington.
Mr. Ruggiero, whose appointment the United States opposed for more than a year before reluctantly endorsing him, said, "I expect both parties to abide by the W.T.O.
In Mr. Brown's eloquent "Lessons," 16 dancers kept venturing through space, only to start trembling.
Mr. Edelstein comes close to making that relationship explicitly homosexual on a couple of occasions.
THE human capacity for empathy may be deep, but, as history makes clear, it is neither bottomless nor guaranteed.
"We believe that there is a strong possibility that someone may have seen Kleber or his white Chevy Mark III van last Tuesday evening in Port Washington or West New York," said Fernando Cabezas, Kleber's brother.
He was born in the Bronx with a heart condition called tetralogy of Fallot, which afflicts 10 percent of babies who have congenital heart disease.
"I don't like the progressive stuff," said M. D. Culpepper, 71, a Kentucky-born coal miner, as he settled in for four days of picking and fiddling at a campground nestled between two forested ridges in the Catskills 100 miles northwest of New York City.
"You find parents who buy a pair of Nikes or an Izod shirt for their baby because they think it's cute," he said.
Though California usually suffers more from too little moisture than from too much, when it rains here in the winter, it pours in near-biblical proportions.
C19 Art in Review C20 Bleckner and Gonzales-Torres.
Salomon Brothers Inc. will be the lead underwriter.
A beloved aunt and uncle also suffered in the purges.
Here characters spout paragraphs that stretch on for pages, and words appear within multiple quotation marks as someone quotes someone else quoting someone else.
A 90-foot catamaran, ENZA was sailed by Peter Blake, the Kiwi sailor who also organized New Zealand's winning America's Cup campaign.
To get what the Sichuanese call ma la -- numbing hot -- you must have lots of real Sichuan peppercorns."
It's certainly worthy of them trying to take it to the next step.
Mr. Bradley, 43, served four years in prison for armed robbery and burglary in the 1970's but later received executive clemency from Gov.
Co-ops don't exist in Tokyo, and all condominiums there are subject to a uniform set of bylaws established by the city government.
"At first I thought it was a joke, somebody threw dummies or something," he said.
But he dashed from sixth place into contention after one mile today, and won a duel down the homestretch by the length of his neck over Hasten to Add, who had four lengths on Proceeded.
A few weeks later, however, he announced his resignation.
The settlement was based on an earlier ruling on a contract dispute between the Postal Service and the National Association of Letter Carriers.
In a 113-page decision issued yesterday, Judge Pfaezler ruled that the patent was unenforceable for two reasons: it had been obtained by a process that violated some of the Patent and Trademark Office's rules and it was not a clear advance technologically.
Even "Something to Talk About," a more muddled screenplay by Ms. Khouri, in which a sheltered Southern wife discovers her husband's infidelity, is full of the hearty, sexy femininity that is this screenwriter's hallmark.
He said he didn't think there was any true speed in the race, we just didn't know about Romarin.
Democratic senators had hoped to force a separate vote on the Medicare part of the huge legislation, and so use that vote against Republicans in the next election.
So its fourth quarter provides a good gauge of how much buyers were scared off by concerns that arose after Thanksgiving about flaws in the Intel chip in performing some calculations.
Users' time on line may be limited, and they will have to pay for printouts, but they have their own on-ramp to that much-touted superhighway.
J. Richard Munro, the former chief executive of Time Inc. and chairman of the executive committee of Time Warner's board, said the board had not put any pressure on Mr. Levin to leave the rap business.
The nine forced the ace, and South later drew trumps and led to the diamond king, making 12 tricks when the queen fell.
Bad enough to have lived your entire life under Communism, but to die a virgin?
"I started putting up pictures and using it as a weekly report, working one night a week after putting the kids down."
Eventually, he turned to conducting, and had a distinguished career in Europe as an opera and symphonic conductor before moving to the United States in 1938.
"This is way out," he said.
The earnings, which reflected a spate of one-time gains and losses, came to $1.10 a share.
The fervent support among the Adams Round Table members showed even as they introduced themselves to a guest at a recent monthly meeting.
"I supported the same set of exceptions in 1992," he wrote to Mr. Reed.
Although Roland, who is from Texas, had been with the Jets for two years, he goes back farther and closer with Fisher, who himself got the Oilers' job when Jack Pardee was dismissed before this past season was over.
Mr. Lugar said such a force should then remain in Bosnia, secure major ports, airports and other strategic positions, and make it clear that it would stay until a diplomatic accord is achieved.
Maneuvering the vehicle's claw, they smashed through a window and were about to scoop out the night deposit box when police sirens scared them away, witnesses told the police.
He arrived at Payson Park in the middle of December for Phase 2: Life in a race track setting under a big-league trainer.
And focus groups scripted the debate that preceded the House's vote Thursday to curb $270 billion in spending for Medicare and make wrenching changes in the centerpiece of Lyndon Johnson's Great Society.
"If you want to play a playoff, there should be nine games and then a playoff.
"The current policy doesn't make sense and it's expensive," a House aide said.
Allow to marinate for 30 minutes.
As we look toward 1996, we will see that these programs have a positive effect on the small-business community in Westchester County.
Howard Rubel, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs & Company, said the sale was particularly damaging to McDonnell Douglas because S.A.S.
"My first role is going to be to listen to people, to reach out to people, to synthesize a movement," he said.
No cause of death was announced.
The mark has surged against other European currencies -- as well as the dollar -- amid mounting uncertainty over Europe's goal of monetary union.
Mr. Nelson said that when the bus service is withdrawn, two of the parking lots, at Yonkers Raceway and Orchard Beach, will remain open.
Israel lifted the ban on Palestinian workers from Jericho today, the army said.
Mr. Halevi wrote his book before Mr. Rabin was slain, and he gives no hint that he imagined such a thing possible.
A similar plan was announced soon after by three other Japanese companies.
But the investigator said Mr. Maniscalco insisted that it was made of the fingers of cavalrymen.
But spring is officially still a week away.
The point you miss is that the train has already left the station.
The Division for Youth, through a spokesman, said the conditions described by Mr. Carcaterra in the Wilkinson Home for Boys (a fictitious name, the author stresses) did not and do not exist in any center for juveniles, not even in those for the most violent offenders.
Treasury bond prices were little changed, with the yield on the 30-year issue remaining at 6.42 percent.
I've had romantic disappointment and tough breaks and the blues moves me.
Another nice thing about "Circle of Friends" is that it escapes a happily-ever-after scenario to provide more bite and toughness than it first promises.
Sports depend on its fans.
Does range between 110 and 140 pounds.
The plan would help Mexico reschedule short-term debt by assuring investors that they would eventually be repaid.
It bore east, bouncing around the hills, changing directions several times and traveling a total of 15 miles before dissipating in the Massachusetts town of Otis.
The most popular policy is a foreign passport.
They apparently crossed through a nearby culvert or by jumping a steel fence, she said, adding that the three teen-agers were taken back to Mexico by the Mexican consul in San Diego.
An unlikely pair at that: Langdon and Joey Kocur, who were each taking their first shift of the evening when Langdon backhanded home a rebound of Nemchinov's shot from the slot at 4:33 of the second.
Asked if he was interested in moving up in the draft, Thomas said: "Of course I would be.
Now, the VCR and "analog" television may soon be overtaken by must-haves like digital video disks and TV sets based on the digital high-definition television, or HDTV, standard.
A1 ARMY AND WHITE SUPREMACISTS Many officers and enlisted troops said in interviews that they agree with the Pentagon's position that few soldiers participate in white supremacist hate groups.
did say that the largest carriers had long had such systems in place.
The defense may also find disconcerting a moment last Thursday when Mr. Cochran said that "some people" would never be able to acknowledge Mr. Simpson's innocence, glancing briefly but directly at Fred Goldman, the father of one of the victims, as he did.
The loss of so many family members punched a hole in Allison's life that "Two or Three Things" seeks to fill.
While Congress has often embraced the cause of whistle-blowers, several lawmakers assert that the measure, approved by the House, would abolish the jobs of several whistle-blowers at Radio Marti before a Federal inspector general issues a report that it is expected to conclude that the management had improperly sought to dismiss them.
Tough coaches are like tough college professors.
I'm sorry about what I've done," Private Harp said of the Sept. 4 attack on the Okinawan schoolgirl.
The Republican tax provisions, included in the larger budget bill, cut taxes on profits from the sale of stocks, bonds and other property.
The affair between Clevelanders and the Browns began in 1946, when the team played in the All-American Football Conference, continued through its N.F.L.
There is always an "if" you do this, then I the Lord will save you, culminating in the covenant at Sinai.
I think we are making a mistake.
Though few can attend -- and even fewer can hear -- the speeches that ring through the halls of the sealed convention center site, the issues that are being debated in the United Nations forum seem important to Chinese women, which makes their isolation all the more poignant.
Richard Thomas and Paula S. Apsell, executive producers.
[ Mr. Jacks and Mr. Land were released early today by Federal authorities in Springfield, Mo., about 18 hours after their arrest. ]
But in a period of relative stability, an organization that does not see it necessary to abide by conventional systems will have to adjust or default."
There will also be a musical tour of Wave Hill, the estate on Independence Avenue at West 249th Street where the recitals take place at 10 and noon.
After enduring 17 storms in 1993-94, but only one this winter, the area could only be described as once bitten, twice shy.
The result, to be seen on Sunday and Monday nights, is an epic of the last days of the American West, in which Ms. Huston plays Calamity Jane, the legendary Army scout, bullwhacker, mule-skinner and Wild West show performer.
The rebound went out of bounds off of Indiana with 1.8 seconds to play.
Just where was the Dallas Cowboys' defense?
Vincent Langone, former chairman and chief executive of the Formica Corporation, has been chosen as chief executive of the new concern, Mr. Niehaus said.
If he gets the bunt down, he moves the runner.
Messier suffered his injury late in Game 6.
The saucisson lyonnaise is dense and delicious, but the warm potato salad on the side is little more than a few cubed potatoes.
Taking over on downs, Northwestern made two first downs and ran out the clock.
The Jewish Educational Center he founded made Elizabeth the fourth American city, after New York, Boston and Baltimore, to offer a full-range Jewish and secular education.
b-After a charge of $ 4.3 million, or 7 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.
"They claim they have a tremendous proposal," he said.
Educational Insights, which makes educational materials, declined 1/2, to 5 1/2, a day after reporting that its second-quarter profits plummeted.
The Lady Huskies' thrilling 70-64 comeback victory over Tennessee last Sunday completed a trifecta of great moments in the National Collegiate Athletic Association women's tournament.
She graduated from Wellesley College and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.
RON DUSEK Press Secretary Office of Texas Attorney General Austin, Tex., Jan. 6, 1995
But researchers say they have determined that the entire species numbers no more than 3,500 birds and that their range is confined to the northern Mexican states of Coahuila and Nuevo Leon.
Included in Windows 95 is an on-screen button that when clicked will connect the user to the Microsoft Network, and to the global maze of computers known as the Internet.
What about the children I left who walked in this morning and didn't see me?
"They work hard, and they have a tremendous amount of responsibility.
They found the perfect town and the perfect strip-shopping-center restaurant, which they named Jamin House Cafe, transforming it with jazzy Caribbean decor.
Hours vary, from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. in winter to 8:30 A.M. to 10 P.M. in summer.
GARY B. BETTMAN New York
But that is the price of a closed political system where the actions of a few well-placed party and military leaders count for more than majority opinion or formal institutions.
"In a world darkened by ethnic conflicts that tear nations apart, Canada stands as a model of how people of different cultures can live and work together in peace, prosperity and mutual respect," he said.
That may be bluster; Senate Republicans would break-dance in the aisles before approving a tax cut that big.
Gateway 2000 ranks among the top 10 PC makers, but its endorsement holds far less weight than would the backing of market leaders like the Compaq Computer Corporation, Packard Bell Electronics Inc. or I.B.M., which so far have been silent on the issue.
His father was a professional musician, and he took piano lessons as a child.
But Mr. Baker said the net effect of cutting off Federal income would be a 20 percent drop in the the station's budget.
Avis checks drivers from California, the District of Columbia, Florida, New York and Virginia at rental counters in New York.
Set in Paris during the 1832 student rebellion, "Horace" offered vivid portraits of bohemian students, political rebels, a jaded aristocracy and a fallen woman who lives happily ever after: sure fodder for scandal, argued Francois Buloz, the editor of the journal Revue des Deux Mondes.
For one or more of those reasons, not one of the five previous back-to-back Super Bowl champions has ever even advanced to a third consecutive Super Bowl, much less accomplished a "three-peat."
We're not talking right or wrong, good or bad, artistry or destiny.
Confidence in the business of newspapering, which was expanding just a short decade ago, is now withering.
Sales in the quarter rose to $4.1 billion from $3.8 billion.
Officer Avezzan, who was driving, was not seriously injured because the air bag in the car, a Chevrolet sedan, was activated by the crash.
The international gold standard, for example, was an effective monetary union.
From 1991 through 1993, Pirelli had losses totaling almost 229 billion lire.
An article and a chart yesterday about the black men's march in Washington misstated the participation plans of Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of Harlem.
In a bare production directed by Carl Wallnau, the company's producing director and an associate professor of theater arts at Centenary College, Dana White, at first too perky, sporting nary a smudge but sniveling on cue, is an Eliza of high pitch.
One is tempted to try to pick out Durer's figures, but they've been scrambled to a flickering tracery, a transformation, which, of course, exactly befits the charged subject (Holland Cotter).
It is not a matter of the children's intelligence.
I'm almost sure that this has to do with internal decisions within the Kirov on how to distribute the money."
Instead, the President did the only thing he could do.
Add a troubled harvest in Brazil and other breadbaskets in South America -- or poor conditions in the winter wheat crop here next June -- and the price of food could become an election-year issue in the United States.
Still, he faces an uphill battle.
HUNTERDON ART CENTER "Michael Burke: Reliquaries" features aluminum sculpture, wall relief collages, prints, books and poetry.
Morris played only 7 minutes tonight.
ORINDA California Shakespeare Festival, Bruns Memorial Amphitheater (510-548-9666).
City planners envision the now barren downtown bubbling with all sorts of life -- more jobs, outdoor concerts, Rollerbladers -- and say the proposed strip of pathways and trees will prove the magnet.
Children may be looking for alternatives to pop music at a younger age, but they probably aren't looking at them as carefully as somebody at Quaker is.
This time around, the show -- about a onetime window-washer who worms his way from mailboy to corporate titan with little but a guidebook and a grin -- has an established star in Matthew Broderick.
Juan Boas's splendid altar to St. Barbara and the Santerian deity Shango, Ana Mendieta's image of a body outlined in the black wax of voodoo candles, and Juan Downey's heartbreaking meditation on imprisonment and flight using video and live birds suggest many of the ways in which spirituality is defined by artists who follow.
Difficulties abound when a musical instrument, having evolved within an oral tradition, is then used to support a written tradition.
They were laughing at France -- and with good reason.
The result is that stock prices are rising faster than corporate earnings.
The diversity and ball movement were, according to the longtime observer Smith, "very un-Knicklike."
These words were being spoken at a time when Rather's survival skills were likely to be tested once again: a couple of days after Tisch announced plans to merge CBS with the cash-poor Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
The American sanctions have thrown the marketing plans of the Japanese luxury car makers into turmoil.
But this reality has changed few minds, perhaps because political considerations outweigh humanitarian instincts until heart-wrenching, televised scenes become domestic prods to international action.
Now, a reaction is way overdue and I thought we'd have one well before this and that's probably more of the question mark right now.
The trade cannot be voided, but the Mets could ask for a different player.
The agency will no longer organize its programs by discipline.
On May 30, the Supreme Court ordered that General Contreras serve a seven-year prison term.
Add the dry ingredients and beat well to make a soft dough.
Whenever a draft of either speech was produced, the Governor would sit down with the circle arrayed before her: Ms. Shaw, Peter Verniero, the Governor's chief counsel; Webster (Dan) Todd, her brother; Ms. Kerry, and sometimes, John Whitman, the Governor's husband.
The chairman of Seagram, Edgar Bronfman Jr., says he's going to spend time to learn MCA's business before making his next move.
Industry analysts estimate that the company's 1994 profits will be $3.6 billion, in contrast to a loss of $2.55 billion in 1993, when the company had a one-time accounting charge of $5 billion.
In 1988, Mr. Price drew a cartoon depicting a geezerly husband addressing his spindly wife in their parlor.
Knowledge of its full genome has already given biologists a deeper insight into its genetic survival strategies.
Cordiant, the world's fifth-largest agency company, with $11 billion in billings, said yesterday in London that Robert L. Seelert would become chief executive, effective immediately.
He added that a written ruling would be announced next week and said he was particularly concerned about how the photographs might be displayed.
(AP) DOG SHOWS Schnauzer Triumphs A standard schnauzer, Ch.
Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $22.
Saturday, 5 P.M. Tickets: $12; students and the elderly,$8.
As for outdoor lots: "They're on the West Side.
A few months later, the television cameras are gone and guess what?
People attending the rally carried hand-painted placards saying "Make Lunch Not War," and "Save Our Snacks."
"A Story About Mr. Silberstein" is the fourth of his eight novels, and the first to appear in English.
By the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 5.40 percent and a six-month bill was at 5.44 percent; the rate on a one-year bill was 5.45 percent.
MUTUAL FUNDS /Page 5 Junk bonds are back, and they are as hot as ever.
While New York and Berlin could not look less alike, the "Berliner luft," that special air, gives a snap that is more than a little similar to whatever makes the mood along the Hudson.
All that remained was for him to find the winning play.
They pay for painting and other improvements themselves.
To this minute I don't have a clue.
People like these, and stories about them, never go out of date; they are as deathless as the law itself.
That I kind of surpassed what I expected of myself."
I finally understand that what they actually expect is that models will pose in it, on elevated, possibly turquoise runways, for a few seconds, while flashbulbs pop in their faces.
"Terra Rosa" depicts a pregnant woman with a Nefertiti-like headdress, seated on a large dirt ball that resembles a Bamana boli (a sacrificial object coated with earth, blood and other substances); she holds a clump of earth in her outstretched hands, and her mouth is stuffed with the same substance, recalling the symbolic practice of eating dirt still found in Africa and some parts of the American South.
10 45 MAMA MAKES UP HER MIND, by Bailey White.
"This is no time to be coming back slow," he said.
"I am screaming, but it comes out like pieces of clear ice.
"The owners of the apartments don't like it.
He said the game didn't affect his decision.
Among other changes, Princess acquired Sitmar Cruises, and Royal Caribbean briefly merged with Admiral Cruises, itself a hybrid put together from mergers among Sundance Cruises and both the Eastern and Western Steamship Lines.
The Court applied principles of boundary adjudication it has developed over years of hearing such cases.
Sara Pasti has nervily piggybacked a second group show onto Ms. Sandrow's with "195-120 Front Street: A Multiple-Dwelling of the Mind."
"So conducting is very therapeutic, and I think being active is very therapeutic.
It is similar to the frustration that South Koreans and Chinese feel when Japanese officials refuse to apologize for World War II.
The Japanese people accepted it positively, and based their dream of recovery, at least for a few years following the surrender, on a future as a democratic nation that had forsworn war.
With two jobs and a lot of overtime, the Neumanns are earning more these days but are seeing less of their three children.
Walking back to his office from lunch one afternoon a few days ago, Commissioner Roberts was stopped by a colleague who asked whether he is still at the agency.
General Korzhakov was assigned by the K.G.B.
The minimum wage, for example, brought out a range of opinions.
He and Mr. Donasci spent two years scouting out possible sites around Sao Paulo, so audience members would experience aspects of Merlin's voyage.
"Sometimes he'd say it was his grandma that was sick.
The latest Corcoran Biennial of Contemporary American Painting, the oldest biennial in the country, begins a two-month run on Saturday.
The Huskies were 8-0 entering last night's game against Hartford.
Insisting on only local produce, they harvest no berry before its time.
For some residents of the quaint shore community of Ocean Grove in Neptune Township, Governor Whitman could hardly have picked a better time to visit.
What do you do with a speed demon who has raced only four times in two years, but has won them all by a combined margin of 23 lengths?
Russell Baker: Another peril averted.
Then, unexpectedly, one of her dances will grip theatergoers and shake them up or surprise them.
But police said they found a pistol and boxes of banners from the banned Kurdish Workers Party, widely known by the Kurdish initials P.K.K., in the home of a bureau member.
Olajuwon had too much class to gloat after today's practice about outplaying Robinson.
Among businessmen who are speakers, the big draws include the economist Henry Kaufman, for his "inside baseball" view of the Federal Reserve System, and Malcolm Forbes Jr., publisher of Forbes magazine, because, according to Ms. Berg, "people assume he knows what's going on."
The idea was ultimately rejected, mainly on logistical grounds.
The measure, the first of three the House will vote on this week, was swept along by a tide of anecdotes purporting to show that the legal system is swamped with frivolous product liability and personal damage suits.
In the statement, Ms. Bell said that when she asked Mr. Fuhrman how he would feel about interracial relationships if the couple was in love, the detective "appeared to get disgusted with me and stated, "If I had my way, they would take all the niggers, put them together in a big group and burn them."
Lenox Room was intended as a moderate restaurant.
A juror, Gloria Rozier, said the determining factor had been that prosecutors failed to place Mr. Crumitie at the scene.
Mr. Glauberman would not disclose his profits but said that on a good day he takes in $1,000 during the lunch hour.
If that nationwide goal is achieved, it could bode ill for the 1996 Republican Presidential nominee.
While the final outcome of the fight over the ownership structure of Fox may have been expected, it is likely to lead to some enduring changes in the rules that govern the broadcast industry.
The New Zealand program differs from others, such as the Japanese, who are looking for sparring partners until their second new boat arrives in late January.
"I can sympathize with the idea behind this movement, but in losing the state's power to make localities pay for local problems we are going to lose important controls," Ms. Ashmun said.
In December, when the show filmed an interview about "Nell" with Jodie Foster in a hotel suite, Mr. Burns fell asleep in the adjoining bedroom and snored so loudly he spoiled the sound.
The Mexican people, preoccupied with the holidays and vacations, have not yet said much.
officials said yesterday that they had received word from the two unions of the votes, which took place last week.
"I've been 'coached' (forced by Japanese police) into making statements the way the victims describe," Seaman Gill wrote.
He was super in sports -- No.
For PC collectors, the dinosaurs-of-choice include the Altair 8800 and the Imsai (shown above), both from the mid-70's.
Most New York policyholders already have coverage that matches or exceeds those limits.
Her moods and her situations are very modern, very real.
The Minutemen opened the second half with an 11-1 run and led the rest of the way.
's are on the way home."
Sunlight swept across the stage when Ethan Stiefel and Ms. Ringer flew through their quick, playful duet.
American officials and their counterparts abroad debated whether to intervene, but apart from Japan's central bank, they did not act.
Mike Fratello's team dictated the pace, but just couldn't make enough shots, including one stretch when it surrendered the lead late in the third quarter because it managed just 1 point on 6 sloppy possessions.
But the centerpiece of Taiwan's diplomatic offensive has been the struggle to send Mr. Lee to the United States.
Mrs. Corona shouted as she clapped her hands, giggled, and then slowly turned teary at her good fortune.
Forbes, who is the head of his family's publishing empire, fancies himself a "pro-growth, pro-opportunity" Republican who wants a flat tax.
Millions of Americans develop a form of diabetes in adulthood because they make too much of a protein that interferes with their cellular machinery, scientists reported today.
"Any time you have 100 heads of state occupying a geographic area you can put a postage stamp over on a map, it's a rational concern," said James K. Kallstrom, the assistant director in charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in New York City.
In one of his sharpest attacks yet on President Clinton, Senator Bob Dole warned today that the fall Congressional session would be a rough-and-tumble affair unless the White House joined with Republicans to balance the budget, cut taxes, eliminate bureaucracy and rework the welfare system.
Next Sunday, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. Free.
Rather it was slowly formulated over two decades as he, often working with his wife and colleague, Dr. Edith Zipser, also at the University of California at Davis, traveled the globe in search of the histories written on broken shells.
With the Golden State Warriors, Donn Nelson was an assistant under his father.
villages continue to burn .
"One of them looked me straight in the face and said, 'We wanted to hurt you,' " she recalled.
Drawing appropriate conclusions from Europe's diplomatic and military failures in Bosnia, France now seems to be easing away from its old Gaullist dream of a purely European defense system excluding the United States.
The report by Professor Lyons said that Professor Maas had originally acknowledged misconduct to the professor who began the investigation, admitting that he had grabbed the breasts of the woman who fled to the bathroom.
He was 66 and lived in Scarsdale, N.Y.
His voluminous network of local scouts include postmen (some antiques owners, like Caroline Camp of Decatur, Ga., call him).
People coming home from shopping or holiday parties drive through very slowly and get grounded again."
They recognize that the good of the pride is of prime importance, and are willing to overlook the fact that all members do not contribute equally.
Dancing and acting were perfectly fused.
Same-store sales for Jamesway in the four weeks ended Saturday increased 1 percent from the corresponding period a year earlier.
This summer I was at 22 Army and Air Force bases in the United States.
Voters jolted the Japanese political establishment today by choosing television personalities not affiliated with any party to lead the nation's two most important cities.
Prime-time entertainment certainly tries, working Christmas, Hanukkah and New Year's motifs into everything from "Frasier" to "Beavis and Butt-head."
We had $6.5 million worth of commercials -- Diet Pepsi, Kodak, Nintendo, Toyota.
"The difference between Michael Fuchs and Bob Morgado is the difference between a guy who paints by the numbers and a guy who paints," Mr. Goldberg said.
(AP) SUNS 111, KINGS 101: Charles Barkley had 28 points as Phoenix continued its late-season surge with a victory over visiting Sacramento.
Last season, he was one of any number of underachievers in a subpar campaign.
Mr. McVeigh made one phone call two weeks before the bombing to a right-wing armed compound of the group Christian Identity on the Arkansas-Oklahoma border, said one law-enforcement official and others familiar with the case, at a time when he thought that Mr. Nichols might not go along with the bomb plot.
"They're not Nebraska or Florida State.
After showing all of the opening statements, CBS, NBC and ABC are giving updates throughout the day.
Another shot, made in the Netherlands in 1971, depicts a misty canal, with the trees lining its banks receding in strict rows into the distance.
The awards are usually presented in January.
The show concentrates on high-end luxury items in which form relates only marginally to function, but generally the esthetic chronology of the century is recapitulated, from turn-of-the-century organicity through Cubism to modern streamlining.
"It's a great company with great people, and the company is well positioned," Mr. Rosen said, reviewing his accomplishments.
He is writing for a theater audience, and few of its members are going to spend money to hear about head tones and appoggiaturas.
Rutgers, corner of George and Hamilton Streets, New Brunswick.
We need radical changes in government at all levels in order for government to survive.
"My studio is filled with projects for the future," said Mr. Berg, gaunt and highly charged as he darted among piled-up pictures and file boxes in a black T-shirt with the word "normal" printed upside down.
While Derrick Jackson stood guard with a .25-caliber pistol, Mr. Klass said, he robbed the display cases that had been marked out on a blueprint provided by Scott Jackson.
It was a St. Patrick's Day when peace actually seemed close, coming as it did on the heels of the cease-fire in Northern Ireland last fall.
On a Friday two months ago, a day off, Ms. Reich was walking briskly along West 15th Street from Sixth toward Fifth Avenue, a gym bag in one hand, a shopping bag filled with heavy photographic equipment in the other.
Ms. Garzarelli and Zacks plan to produce research on the stock market and industry groups for institutional investors.
Although Boggs said he did not let the frustration of 1994 affect him, he will turn 37 in June and there might not be another first-place team in his future.
"We need to really get after it.
As it plots its course, Planned Parenthood faces stark challenges, internally and externally.
These trials show how even one of the world's strongest democracies can abuse its power when it holds unconditional control over the old guard.
"They come in, they look around.
He lopped off executive heads, trimmed the staff, made pilgrimages to Albany to open contacts with Gov.
A 30th Precinct officer accused of extortion was acquitted in March, and three officers in Brooklyn accused of robbing drug dealers were acquitted last month.
But the state of the law has been getting worse and worse since 1980, when the Supreme Court let a financial printer off the hook despite proof he had used confidential information to buy stock in a series of takeover targets.
Great American Musicals in Concert" series takes a very different approach.
But we should've been on the upswing this year as a team that was totally together.
"He said he was fine.
"Playing there is definitely a homecoming for me," said Levitt, who grew up minutes from Franklin Field in Melrose Park, Pa. "But more than anything, I'd just love to beat those guys."
Women's Division I -- North Carolina.
Both Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Levine bristled at the criticism of the pact they negotiated.
Oh, I've been here from way back!
The bill is scheduled to be taken up by the full House along with the other welfare measures in the next few weeks.
He turned his head, gave me a hug and went to sleep.
"They just wanted to vent," she said.
We've taken no special ads in Japan.
At a meeting with analysts this month, said Andrew Conway, a securities analyst at Salomon Brothers, Pepsico said it had reversed its previous budgetary policy that leaned toward fast foods.
"It was always good there," said Mr. Maran, who heads his own firm and answered "still looking for deals" when asked his age.
"I tried to talk to him," Mr. Blythe said.
Mr. Jacobs and his parents were found dead on Tuesday at the Hastings Village condominiums after neighbors complained of a foul odor from their one-bedroom apartment.
"The question is will we have good, solid sensible reforms now, or radical and extreme proposals down the line."
Mr. Pataki said he would close the $5 billion shortfall, $1 billion of which would stem from the tax cuts, in three steps.
Westbrook is the team's second-leading receiver with 19 catches for 315 yards.
They have a gun to its head."
Last year, Alcatel's net profit fell by half, to $749.5 million, with operating profit from the group's key telecommunications division tumbling more than 60 percent.
"The problem the defense is going to have is the Rodney King problem, where the first jury is publicly repudiated as sort of wackos," said Harland W. Braun, a defense lawyer who represented one of the four Los Angeles police officers whose initial acquittal in the beating of Mr. King touched off the Los Angeles riots in April 1992.
A SHAMAN, WEARING A loincloth and an aboriginal mask, is lifted aloft by two men in business suits as a man carrying a banner roller-skates by.
Every night, the children gathered around him and prayed for his safety.
This is a valuable role from the public's standpoint, but one little appreciated by Washington insiders bent on preserving the status quo.
To begin, at 9 P.M., the new time for CBS's "Eye to Eye," Connie Chung goes eyeball to eyeball with "Seinfeld," the NBC hit.
"He thought it belonged to the President's wife," Mr. Casanova said.
Gay Talese, who was touched years ago by the gold finger of Hollywood when he was paid $2.5 million for "Thy Neighbor's Wife" (it has still not been produced), was holding a cigar.
But [ not that ] the Soviet empire would come to an end.
"They wanted me thrown into prison here so I could not promote my cause in fighting the Egyptian system, so I cannot criticize this system," he said.
A commercial for Auckland International Airport manages to get Pope John Paul II into the act as he kneels to kiss the ground on arrival.
The company, based in Englewood, Colo., said the same group offered in December to buy Big O for $18.50 a share, but it withdrew the offer in February because it was unable to finance the deal.
IT'S STILL EASIER TO DRAW A NEW WRIST technology in a comic strip than to sell it to consumers.
Others, like Connecticut, Rhode Island and Vermont, require action by state traffic commissions.
But the biggest draw is likely to be the revival of "Le Conservatoire, or A Newspaper Courtship," which tells the complicated tale of a fickle ballet teacher and his naughty students.
Jim Dow, an American photographer, presents color images of English corner stores, from umbrella shops to florists' shops to fast-food takeaways specializing in jellied eels and other such delicacies.
James Ostgard, the lawyer who represents Mr. Lefkowitz, said he intends to appeal the verdict after Mr. Lefkowitz is sentenced, which will not occur for several months.
Eric Ober, the president of CBS News, praised Ms. Sawyer, Ms. Walters, Andrea Mitchell, Connie Chung and Lesley Stahl and added, "There may have been an era when they didn't have 25 years' experience like the guys did, but that era is long past."
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and his wife, Donna Hanover Giuliani, had $250,343 in taxable income last year, their tax returns show.
(At Christmas, Santa Claus is aided by Donner, "the talking reindeer," who seems to be visiting from Mister Rogers' neighborhood.)
South Korea is an intensely nationalist country.
He said the delay illustrated what happened when bills are drafted badly and hit unintended targets.
More than 70 years after the remains of Homo erectus pekinensis were first discovered at a place the locals here called Dragon Bone Hill, Peking Man is having a difficult time finding a permanent resting place.
Holger Cahill, who had joined the museum a decade earlier, organized the display, another that followed a year later and a third that took place at the Museum of Modern Art, where he became acting director, in 1932.
"We have some pretty good ideas who was where," he said.
Since just after the World War II, the respected professor of Germanic studies had built up a reputation as a politically liberal academic; he had even been honored by the German Government.
Global markets have cooled, making good buys easier to find.
She was found with one bag after the accident and said that she had smoked the other.
Even Steinway & Sons has been operating under a shadow.
She said the Federal Government would file a brief backing the law but had not yet selected the case.
The panel found that the overstatement of inflation had been even greater than usual in recent years, about one and a half points.
Then she had to persuade them to be interviewed.
In a public statement last week, nearly 200 writers, joined by owners of several publishing houses and bookstores, protested the decision to grant her the prize.
"If we come back mentally prepared, though, I really feel we can get ourselves in a good playoff position."
The owners of 1501 Broadway, which once housed the Paramount theater, plan to turn what had been a bunch of nondescript little stores into one three-level box, with 4,000 square feet of street-level space and 42,000 square feet more above and below.
"I disagree with people who say that genes are everything in humans," Dr. Silver said.
The rest of "Devil in a Blue Dress" has the novelty of discovery and the fresh energy to sustain this material for a long time.
He is a son of Hilda and John McInerney of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Fearing the worst, some prominent political and business figures have quietly left the country, while others have approached friends at foreign embassies, seeking guarantees of protection.
I was hoping we would have a bit of respite."
And the show tonight was worthy of the atmosphere.
We introduced our guests to our favorite Central Park haunts.
In recent days, pundits have speculated on several possible dates for the announcement, including Veterans Day on Nov. 11; sometime during the Republican governors' conference in New Hampshire, from Nov. 18 to Nov. 21, and Thanksgiving Day.
I'm up and running and energetic again because I can drive these kids."
The Three Village District in Setauket has no formal policy, but reviews costs and does not allow any students to be excluded, Superintendent Mary Barter said.
"Apparel sales went up because everything is being sold at distressed levels," said Sandra Shaber, a senior vice president at the WEFA Group, economic forecasters in Bala-Cynwyd, Pa. "This is not the start of a new trend."
Combine the salt, fish sauce, sugar, garlic, oil and chili peppers and set aside.
Alive was a feeling Paterson used to know well.
I've been in four Grade I's and came in second three times, to Cigar, Holy Bull and Lure."
"I adore Peter," Mr. Wilford said, "but I cannot hold Peter back."
Indiana called a timeout with 1.8 seconds left, trailing by 96-95, and guess who caught Sam Mitchell's inbounds pass from midcourt?
His remarks drew laughter from a sympathetic audience that has watched a process so full of acrimony, so mired in back-room politics as to leave parents, teachers and others involved feeling impotent and angry.
Ohio State, which meets Notre Dame in a long-anticipated game next week at Columbus, displayed its refined passing game in a 54-14 victory at Pittsburgh.
But it would remove tax incentives for stores opening in higher income areas that already have retailers clamoring to get in.
"It's a beautiful spring day," he said.
Both sides appealed the decision.
And yet, Mr. Pataki also spent much of his day lobbying on Capitol Hill to protect New York from what may be an inevitable consequence of the conservative takeover in Congress: heavy cuts in programs for the poor with a disproportionate impact on large industrial states like New York.
The current director, Stanley Brezenoff, who has resigned effective Feb. 3, had been First Deputy Mayor and the commissioner of two sprawling city agencies under Edward I. Koch.
In the wee hours of the morning of Sept. 14, just 131 days after he ended a four-year prison term for peddling cocaine to an undercover cop, Anthony Santiago was done in again: this time for taking a sip from a tinted bottle on a Flushing street corner.
Administration officials say Secretary of State Warren Christopher overruled some low-level officials when he recommended to the President last week that Mr. Lee be admitted.
Dr. Smithies had one unfulfilled ambition: to learn to fly an airplane.
Glendale Federal Bank has ditched gentility for a bare-knuckle attack, spending $16 million to specifically take on the state's biggest banks, Bank of America and Wells Fargo, in a contentious campaign by the BBDO West unit of the Omnicom Group in Los Angeles.
The theory of the compromise is that rate regulation will no longer be necessary in three years, because cable television will have to fight off competition from telephone, satellite and microwave distributors of television programming.
A situational threat, unlike a sense of inferiority, can be feasibly corrected.
Foote, Cone's first assignment will be a campaign for a CD-ROM animated storybook featuring Disney's "Pocahontas."
Friday's civil action was described as the first under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, in which a Federal monitor seeks damages for harm done to a union by corrupt conduct of its leader and an employer.
The company said it had been in talks with several large United States and foreign banks about selling American Express Bank.
She wasn't a bad kid at all."
Within the American Football Conference East division, Miami snagged Randal Hill, Ricky Sanders and Gary Clark.
Chancellor Cortines faulted the Division of School Safety for not acting sooner to remove Mr. Williams.
The concert will be at 7 P.M. at the synagogue, 20 Academy Road.
The defendant rose and lumbered toward the jury as if his joints hurt or his feet were asleep.
Elvira Medina, who has a 12-year-old autistic son, said she was troubled by plans for wholesale change.
"But perc is very much part of the future."
"The Yankees called 18 times saying they were going to make big offers for Grace and Biggio," the agent said by telephone.
The only confirmed casualty has been a Mexican Army colonel, who was shot in the head on Friday.
He subsequently worked on variety shows and news broadcasts in Boston before returning to New York as an announcer for WHN.
* Sci-Fi Channel, New York, owned by USA Networks, to Butler, Shine & Stern, Sausalito, Calif., to handle on a project basis its trade advertising account, previously at Ahern Needleman Fleizach, New York.
"Students were suspended for infractions such as hitting a teacher in the head a couple of times, punching a paraprofessional and assaulting an officer by striking him in the stomach several times," the report said.
"Hopefully, it will give the album some legs, because it's not doing very well," he said.
You've got to keep me as safe as you can."
Governor Whitman plans to close North Princeton in about a year and move its residents to group homes, with perhaps fewer than a dozen residents each, in scattered communities.
Under leading questioning by House Republicans, Mr. Hartnett testified that the secret villain of Waco was a principal author and editor of the scathing report, the assistant Treasury Secretary for enforcement, Ronald K. Noble, a former Federal prosecutor who had not even been sworn into office at the time of the raid.
The success of "Toy Story" is spreading.
Mr. Stern outraged Selena's fans by calling her music shallow and by mocking her mourners.
-------------------- 2 Said to Desecrate Rabin Grave JERUSALEM, Wednesday, Nov. 15 (Reuters) -- Israeli police today detained two religious Jews who desecrated Mr. Rabin's grave, a police spokesman said.
Children under 12 will not be charged.
"I fundamentally believe ordinary people are better finders of justice than experts, elites or judges," he said.
The Finance Minister also met yesterday with New York-based credit rating agencies and other big investors in Mexico.
In Frase, Jacksonville gets a player who started the first two games (both victories) at right tackle last season.
Will winning the cup make it more difficult to leave New Jersey?
Artists trained primarily in abstraction often fall back on photographs and visual cliches when they need to make representational images.
He leaned into a bird-patrol car to activate a tape.
"It's like a big herd of elk moving through," he said.
In a statement, Northrop Grumman said the contract consolidated and extended agreements reached with Boeing by Northrop Grumman before it acquired the Vought Aircraft Company and the Grumman Corporation in 1994, as well as pacts with those units.
Only three games from first place last Sunday after evenly dividing 10 games with the other division teams, the Mariners lost their next four games and slipped six games back.
"I'm not going to make my decision based on what Tim does," said the 5-10 Holloway.
A selection of messages about the amendment is reprinted on the screens to the right.
Mrs. Green was born in Boston and graduated from Wellesley College.
They have been waiting 13 National Football League seasons for this.
There's still a hint of the slide's rural past in what he does, the scrape of metal on strings that suggests Mississippi in the 1920's, but for the most part Mr. Tronzo is seeking the various big beats and big sound the guitar and slide guitar have produced in the electric age.
They come to see the walls on the streets."
And even though the strong Japanese currency means that Japanese companies receive fewer yen for every dollar of sales in the United States, shipments to the United States are likely to continue unabated because the exporters would rather absorb the cost from the strong currency than raise prices in that important market, said Iwaki Hidehiro, senior economist at the Nomura Research Institute.
About 10,000 board feet of timber are used to build the average house.
No one managed this feat with more efficiency or more panache than Berry Gordy.
A typical Kenny Garrett solo moves from modern, densely harmonic lines to church shouts, deep blues phrases, rhythm and blues ideas and the mathematical logic of post-Coltrane improvising.
A dreamy teen-age boy was doing his homework under headphones in the lobby all the time I was there.
Smith not only leads the Jets, he is tied for the league lead.
When orzo is cooked, drain and add along with lamb to apple-onion mixture.
This month, Mrs. Clinton, who spent the early part of her legal career with the Children's Defense Fund, made a good-will tour of southern Asia, meeting with women and children and families and talking about issues important to them.
Kasparaitis (right knee) is scheduled to see a doctor Wednesday and will be sidelined indefinitely.
Their efforts can be seen at every turn, in the greenhouse where plantings are cultivated and in colorful beds designed to attract butterflies and yield flowers all summer long.
It is not such a malady.
That is not true now.
The organization includes members from the American Advertising Federation, the American Association of Advertising Agencies, the Association of National Advertisers and the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
T. Peter Ryan performed the ceremony at Our Lady Queen of Martyrs Roman Catholic Church in Centerport, L.I.
rather than Apple for general office use.
David R. Hinson, the administrator of the agency, told the subcommittee that the training was inappropriate but had not compromised aviation safety.
To charge a series ticket: (212) 279-4200; tickets to a single lecture: (212) 924-5960.
"He has to get a little stronger and his throwing skills have to improve a little bit," the Packers Coach Mike Holmgren said.
Cypress Hill's raps stayed slow and intelligible; the group also provided singsong, nyah-nyah choruses -- "I ain't goin' out like that" or "Insane in the brain."
And not just because the so-called golden era was absent of blacks and latins.
When Barry Bonds defiantly says that he wouldn't even consider picking up a bat to stay sharp during the work stoppage, when Bobby Bonilla thinks nothing of verbally and physically threatening a reporter for all the world to see, when Vince Coleman openly flaunts his ignorance about Jackie Robinson, when Kevin Mitchell blathers on about his collection of Mercedes on a post-game show during the recession, it makes it look as though the Players Association has been getting its p.r.
"Sometimes there is a very strong difference of opinion about what is going on."
Anderson made both foul shots with 17.4 seconds to play, setting up the final sequence of regulation.
Mr. Klagholz, the State Education Commissioner, said the legislation provided for safeguards to insure that the state would not sanction risky ventures.
The authority plans to put speedometers in 4,379 subway cars, an effort that is about half completed and is scheduled to be finished next year.
The System had already paid them their 30 pieces of silver.
Video and Dance Compete And the Contest Ends in a Tie Cathy Weis Performance Space 122 "A String of Lies," a program of video and dance presented by Cathy Weis on Friday night, was half funky circus and half open-screen night at some adventurous and slapdash experimentalist cinema in the 1960's.
For the Communists, "respectability" with the Italian electorate began roughly in the late 1980's and early 90's, when they renounced Marxism and adopted a less threatening name, the Party of the Democratic Left.
The storm dumped up to five feet of snow in Colorado's Crested Butte area, four feet at Vail and Beaver Creek and nearly four feet at Winter Park.
"There were some problems dealing with a couple of authorizers and appropriators.
Elsewhere" will recall that that series became increasingly goofy, finally sinking into total unbelievability.
Translated by Dick Kitto and Elspeth Spottiswood.
"I may have said that," Campbell said, "if I didn't go through what I went through with him in the playoffs last year.
"Dole can nimbly flip flop on an issue quicker than you can say Bill Clinton," wrote the Manchester Union Leader, the right-wing voice of New Hampshire, this week.
And each spring, several hundred families attend a home-school curriculum fair organized by the Unschoolers Network.
One entree tasted far better than it sounded: tofu ravioli (two large peach-colored, carrot-infused squares) with pan-seared sea scallops were savory indeed, enveloped by a mellifluous lemon grass sauce, rife with shiitake mushrooms and fresh cilantro.
They were built up by powers like Warren G. Magnuson, a 27-year veteran of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and preserved by Thomas S. Foley, Speaker of the House from 1989 through 1994.
"I'm not talking to nobody tonight," said Starks, grabbing his belongings.
Kozue Yamamoto's job for a Japanese on-line service provider is to demonstrate the wonders of the Internet to potential customers.
International 3-13 THE U.N.'s CHANGING IMAGE At 50 the United Nations, formed by World War II victors pledged to prevent aggression and assist those in need, no longer means what it did for many Americans.
Hugh McKay wondered aloud about his son's hockey school in Michigan.
No way, the Pentagon says.A6 The death toll in the Colombia earthquake continues to rise.
But it is wrong to hold out for additional conditions when these arms control targets come within reach.
has had the advantage in that the market currently offers very favorable terms, and we have been able to choose from a number of very good alternatives," the president and chief executive of S.A.S., Jan Stenberg, said in a statement yesterday.
For the shoppers Mr. Dickert was serving sliced filet mignon with a mushroom, garlic and butter sauce on Italian bread.
She teaches kindergarten at the Mount Kisco (N.Y.) Elementary School.
"A price club has 14 or 15 departments, each equivalent to a store," Mr. Mazzarello said.
Not all the costumes on view at Christie's will be auctioned.
Certainly, Ms. Hanover's life has changed since her 80-hour workweek as a co-host of "Evening Magazine" in Pittsburgh in the 1970's.
But Dr. Theriot points out that standard antibiotics are effective in curing the illness, and that Shigella, which is spread through contaminated water, is mainly a problem in developing countries where clean water is a luxury beyond most people's means.
Last year, Capriati agreed to be a Fed Cup alternate.
Eastman said the food business makes emulsifiers, which are ingredients used in processed foods like breads, cakes and peanut butter to extend shelf life and improve texture.
The SUNY plan would would involve these steps: *Increasing tuition, with proportional increases for graduate and out-of-state students.
Gerda and Kurt were married in June 1946.
The issue was so hot, that the size of the offering was increased and still many investors couldn't get stock at the offering price.
Children's Opera Heritage Concert Series Merkin Concert Hall 129 West 67th Street Manhattan (212) 362-8719 Recommended ages: 8 and up Sunday Music echoed and flowed during even the blackest days at the Terezin concentration camp.
Tourists who plan to visit Berlin's museums should keep in mind that admission to many collections and galleries is free on Sundays and public holidays.
A pear-and-ginger crumble, with a scoop of lemon ice cream on top ($5), is a nice way to end the meal.
One may be a relatively low-cost device to take image signals from a telephone line and convert them into prints.
Fiction begins to overtake reality.
He was also credited with creating an efficient suburban commuter network that feeds into the Paris subway system, the Metro.
We live in a time in which, increasingly, people are celebrated -- nay, rewarded -- for their ability to harass and vex.
Peter Hussock, the director of a support group for victims of the Stasi, said, "How do you expect to try to keep up the spirits of people who unjustly spent years in jail, who are still suffering psychological trauma, and are still waiting to see the perpetrators pay for their actions?"
Marc Racicot of Montana acknowledged in an interview that the Big Sky State was split over the issue.
That made the pursuer's front tires grip less effectively, thus making it nearly impossible to pass.
One answer is traffic lights," he said.
Mobil closed at 95 1/2, down 5/8, and American depository receipts of British Petroleum closed at 91 1/4, down 1/4.
The last time New York handed out permits people waited in line days to get one.
In an interview shortly after the opening, Ms. Mann said that the idea for the play was collaborative.
The union also objects to Mr. Lebewohl's 401K proposal because, it contends, it could not be transferred to a new employer and workers would lose existing benefits.
Ned Ward tells a story about building his first house.
For example, the Administration's estimates of economic growth have been about 20 percent more accurate than the C.B.O.
The new $6 million Florida International Museum in St. Petersburg will open with "Treasures of the Czars: From the Moscow Kremlin Museums," an exhibition of more than 250 pieces from the collection of the royal family that ruled Russia for 300 years.
Intuitively, the judge suggested, such evidence should be admitted.
The response so far has been disappointing.
The guests themselves are often tasting buffs with little interest in wine as an everyday drink.
b-Included charge of $ 700,000 for severance, relocation and lease costs incurred in connection with the company's moving of its headquarters to Coral Gables, Fla., and income from discontinued operations of $ 375,000, or 1 cent a share.
Finally, a fully staged performance of the Shakespeare comedy will be presented, directed by Diana Moller-Marino.
Mr. Ross wrote that "Bernard Herrmann, the greatest of Hollywood film composers, created some splendidly clamorous music in a French verismo style" for the character Susan Alexander to sing in the Orson Welles film "Citizen Kane."
As a lean center fielder whose No.
Another is the young women who are exceptionally prim in the office and then after work strut in revealing clothes on stages in discos.
When they are ready to leave, they are escorted through an exit that enables them to bypass the common room and the media.
The Nets suffered their second-worst defeat of the season and have not won on the road since beating the Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Dec. 21 -- a four-game skid.
Unfortunately, the Oiticica installation at Marian Goodman is a disappointment.
His father is a senior partner at Baumgarten, Kanner, Wapnick, Fialko & Yunaska accountants in Cleveland.
Trooper Gregory Sanders, 30, is one of those who filed the complaint.
The last act is pure movie-movie, all chases, fights, guns and surprises.
Since local groups seem to be unsuccessful in attracting sufficient sponsors and spectators, why not bring New York shows to Westchester for short runs before or after their Manhattan engagements?
THEY seem to toil no less hard than unrelated workmates.
The Joffrey dancers, whose union is the American Guild of Musical Artists, are now in contract negotiations.
There's no intention by this board to stop the Girl Scouts from selling cookies.
Planned Parenthood, whose receptionist was also killed, performed abortions on Friday, a spokeswoman said today.
But whatever drove the case, Judge Owen's decision is significant because, for the first time, it slaps an official "fraud" label on Mr. Brennan.
Yet when someone who is as known as I am for accessibility and straightforwardness stumbles in a statement, it is made into a national story and turned into a lead editorial.
The chain's confidence is so great that, in some cities, it has opened branches across the street from one another.
The study's authors also pointed out that a 1992 follow-up of the same patients 18 months after their treatment stopped found that the lowest rate of relapse was among patients who got cognitive-behavioral therapy, not the drugs.
Now the path to registration on many campuses is lined with tables offering long-distance phone service and credit cards.
The Canadians continue through Sunday night at the Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue at 19th Street, Chelsea.
Responding to this year's trading scandals at Barings P.L.C.
It has lost 13 of 15 Big East games over the last two seasons.
Next week's slate of new issues, which may signal the end of a summer drought of supply, will help determine the market's short-term direction, traders said.
I can recall they didn't give him a second chance."
That is how some residents of Ocean Beach on Fire Island see the reversal of one of that community's numerous longstanding restrictions that have earned it its nickname.
But then, my piece would have been unenlightened by the note I recently got from my roommate recounting the news from Boston: Kripalu's founder and spiritual leader, the Yogi Desai, resigned in late October after admitting to affairs with three of his female devotees.
This would be done by making sure no other candidate can collect the requisite number of valid petition signatures to get on the ballot.
Last year he sold most of the remainder of the company, except for Harrods, through a public stock offering for $:413 million.
Between selections, the band performed a snippet of a composition by Mr. Mossman.
In the morning, General Yevnevich was taken to the military airport and left for Moscow.
Christopher Renshaw directs, with additional musical staging by Lar Lubovitch.
The other day he was at Israel's military headquarters in Hebron, in the occupied West Bank.
But his decisive action, witnessed by millions of Russians, probably avoided more numerous casualties in a protracted battle to regain control of the hospital and free the hostages.
Many groups, she said, are already providing these same services.
Garvies Point is 1 of 2 Superfund sites in Glen Cove, 26 on on Long Island and more than 100 in the state.
The bright blue in a series of monochromatic panels is the color of his grandmother's California house, and the very name he's given to a cluster of yellow panels painted with green oval shapes -- "Aunt Sara's Rubber Tree, Our Lady of Guadalupe" -- suggests a rich, complicated fragrance.
For the full fiscal year, Morgan Stanley had earnings of $395 million, or $4.18 a share, down roughly 50 percent from $786 million, or $9.59 a share, in the 1994 fiscal year.
These places, she said, were intended for marine commerce and not for the large-scale parking of trucks required for a seafood market.
Future profits will come from the family trade in warm climates where the kids grew up on wheeled skates.
"The service had previously been answerable to its shareholders," said Edward T. Scrivani, president of Putnam's board.
Kukrit Pramoj, former Prime Minister of Thailand John A. Scali, former ABC News correspondent Editorials/Op-Ed A22-23 Editorials The new Chancellor's early start.
He called the incident dishonorable.
"I'm greatly honored that they want my work," Mr. Lichtenstein said the other day.
The Fire Department calls the program "a home run" that has cut response time and saved lives.
So would a different kind of pianistic focus.
He's not brave enough to go someplace dangerous, so he goes to New Jersey."
And all I know about the proposed mergers is what I read this morning when I woke up.
A convicted robber from the Bronx, he swung at an officer during an argument over whether he could use a bathroom on April 22, 1992, and struggled as he was restrained.
Despite angry protests by some owners that it is costing them business, most restaurants in New York City are abiding by a six-week-old ban on smoking, leaving the dining rooms of large restaurants and taverns almost smoke-free.
Other features of the show include a continuous video with images of exceptional kaleidoscopic images set to music, and computer-generated images that require viewer interaction.
"We came into the game a little low on petrol," said Messier, who seemed satisfied with the result.
The monthly Medicare premium withheld from retirees' Social Security checks is now $46.10.
Authorities would not say whether they have suspects, nor would they discuss their evidence for arson.
Paramount, a unit of Viacom Inc., has argued that a change in the rule will severely undermine the company's effort to establish a fifth broadcast network.
The company insists it made its final decision in true democratic fashion.
Stumping for Handel's operas is one kind of usefulness, he thinks.
She was staying in Hampton Bays, where she received a parking ticket.
A regular with the New York City Opera, Ms. Gamberoni created the role of Marilyn Monroe in Ezra Laderman's 1993 opera.
"We cannot walk away from those who are less fortunate," he said in Rockport, Me., on July 19, alluding to Federal welfare programs and Republican plans to cut them back.
To reach it, theatergoers have to ride an escalator lined with sad strips of partly burned-out Christmas tree lamps, negotiate a narrow hotel corridor and weave their way through clumps of the Marriott's guests before entering the hall.
But I think it curiously does move.
They met Monday night at the Old Homestead Restaurant in downtown Manhattan.
Henry Simon, a 28-year-old truck driver, said that as he rode in the first car of Mr. Gibson's train, it appeared to have a close call several minutes before the accident.
Detectives don't necessarily let him know when one of his sketches leads to an arrest.
"I was the only American-born player on our national team," said James Butler of Augusta, Ga., who trained in China as a child and is now ranked fourth in the United States.
"At stake is a great name with a great following," said Kalman Ruttenstein, the senior vice president for fashion direction at Bloomingdale's.
Another new CD-ROM, the Blockbuster Video Guide to Movies and Video, has fewer titles (21,000) and search categories than Video Hound, but the disk connects to an on-line service, which for a fee of $3 each time it is used provides monthly updated lists of new videos.
My family saw what looked like a ball of lightning enter the glass front door, go right past us (or possibly even through us) in the living room and leave by the back window, where it hit a tree, causing some damage.
But he fully grasped the stark situation the league-leading Red Wings now face, following their second consecutive loss to the Devils.
are Lehman Brothers and Goldman, Sachs & Company, two of the underwriters.
has been almost farcically trying to cover up its Faustian pact with the pro-life religious right.
FORMERLY OF THE LAUNDRY BASKET.
The epidemic apparently spread initially among the surgeons, anesthetists and nurses who operated on a patient in Kikwit, the focus of the outbreak.
Among those who honored Mr. Gingrich were Michael Huffington, who lost a close race for the Senate from California, and his wife, Ariana.
The Medley's memory (nominally 60 pages, though that seems a bit optimistic) can collect faxes without printing them, produce a printed summary on demand and let you decide which faxes to print and which to ignore.
North of New Orleans, 16 inches of rain fell on Tuesday night and this morning in Slidell, a town of 24,000 people, leaving the streets awash today.
On Thursday, a 21-year-old soccer player from Nepal disappeared and was presumed drowned off the coast of Connecticut while on an outing with teammates and hosts to Hammonasset Beach State Park in Madison.
He predicts that early in 1996, profits for many companies will be below the levels of a year ago, and says there might be a full-fledged recession as well.
If it sweeps the Oscars in many categories beyond the technical ones (where its excellence is indeed nonpareil), the Academy will be indeed looking back to the future.
(Reuters) GALEY & LORD TO BUY TRIARC'S TEXTILE COMPANY Galey & Lord Inc., a major maker of high-quality woven cotton and cotton-blended fabrics, has agreed to acquire the Graniteville Company, a textile concern, from the Triarc Companies in a deal valued at about $254.8 million.
He has no stock-quote machine in his office, and he describes the market as a slough of fear and greed untethered to corporate realities.
Mr. Dillon also challenged a claim by the former workers that sometimes after engaging in a beating they called 911 and reported being attacked by the homeless person, and sometimes the police arrested that person.
It's harder watching your team on television and not being able to do anything about it than it is being on the sidelines."
Consumers, most of them oblivious to the random havoc that nature inflicts on food providers, will find smaller apples, less appealing corn and other vegetables -- but often, thanks to fickle nature, sweeter grapes.
"I think that the Governor is interested in finding out whether New York will be treated in a fair way," Mr. Gargano said.
"Yet I am hopeful that the time for rebuilding may finally have arrived."
There was a military precision to many of the jackets, especially those in khaki-colored wool or Prince of Wales plaid with flapped pockets over the breasts.
They don't appreciate life as much as I do."
"We've got to reach local civic and community groups to win their support," he added.
It's just impossible to ignore the activists in your party.
What will Mattingly mumble or mutter next?
The others that I reported on achieved their goals with impressive regularity, but the memorable three stirred especially deep emotions.
Each was charged with second-degree burglary and misdemeanor counts of assault, harassment, malicious damage and conspiracy.
Others in the Napa Valley include Simi, Pine Ridge, Chateau Montelena, Silver Oak and Shafer.
The attendant might have been expecting the same luck he had enjoyed several years ago when two men on a motorcycle had demanded money but then given up.
The terra-cotta street signs on 82d Street show that ordinary citizens and business people were able to obtain landmark status after an arduous campaign.
Riley's post-game remarks almost overshadowed the absence of Starks, and it remained uncertain how long Starks would be out of action, until results of a magnetic resonance imaging test were delivered today.
I remember learning these verses long ago in Egypt, and the punishment for not learning them fast enough and the sense of dread with which I, a Jew, would go up to the front of the class and recite what I feared I had not studied; I never knew at what point, during my recitation, things would break down.
"I miss him as a coach," Harper said.
The merger followed by about a month the incorporation of the transit police into the larger city force.
He also asked President Clinton to issue a disaster declaration that would make the storm's victims eligible for Federal assistance.
Gloria Wills Landes, a former Broadway showgirl.
Dodgers 5, Expos 1 Ismael Valdes (2-2) outdueled Montreal's rookie sensation, Carlos Perez (5-1), who had his five-game winning streak snapped as host Los Angeles topped Montreal.
When it came time to get a license, however, Dr. Smithies failed his medical exam.
But new listings are the lifeblood of real-estate brokerage firms, and Ms. Siderow said that in order to get new listings in a slow market, "I really had to rack my brain and think creatively, because there's just not enough inventory out there.
1 suit in Giorgio Armani's collection is in a navy and white men's wear pin stripe with soft wide pants and a fitted jacket that has one button at the waist and a single-notch collar.
In White Plains, the Deputy Commissioner of Public Safety, Daniel Hickey, said emergencies often prompted municipalities to review procedures.
And although it would be surprising if he coached the Giants after this season, there seems to be little doubt that if he wanted another head coaching job he could get one.
Its stock closed yesterday at $59.625 a share, up 50 cents for the day, but down from $65.50 just three weeks ago.
Mr. Freeh said the new interpretation, which the Justice Department said would soon be made public, would permit agents to open broad investigations "with respect to a domestic terrorism group if that group advocated violence or force with respect to achieving any political or social objectives."
The genealogist, Eileen Polakoff, told us that she had used census reports, marriage and death certificates, voter registration records, tombstones, naturalization papers, photographs and interviews to track down family members.
Mr. Morgan died 10 years ago.
Teamwork between patients and doctors is vital.
Many of these studies have made valuable contributions.
It earned back its everything it had spent of $750,000 capitalization by March 26, the Manhattan Theater Club's managing director, Barry Grove, said yesterday.
Doing something about the gas will not be easy.
Alexander Ivanko, a United Nations spokesman, insisted today that no negotiation had been contemplated but that Mr. Boutros-Ghali had decided to send an envoy because he wanted to convey his personal interest in the hostages' fate to Radovan Karadzic, the leader of the Bosnian Serbs.
Jamil Ellis, 17, the senior class president, who is black, said that offering a prep course to minorities, especially black students, was a good idea.
MISS MANNERS WOULD CRINGE AWARD -- Black & Decker wins here, too, for its Waffle Blocks, a new device that makes waffles that can be broken up into little blocks imprinted with the letters A, B, C, D, E, I, L, O, S and T and the numbers 0 through 9.
He also suggested that the prosecution often referred to his client as Steven Scarpaci, even though his legal name is Steven Ruiz, because it was trying to play down his being half Puerto Rican, something he implied would not fit into the theory that Mr. Aucaquizhpi was killed in an anti-Hispanic attack.
LINCOLN, by David Herbert Donald.
At times the music's reach outstripped the band's ability to make it all coherent, and on more than one occasion, the soloists chattered on longer than they should have.
This makes for a lot of life-saving good will, but not much discipline.
Mr. Messina, owner of Fort Hill Pharmacy, warns his customers about dangerous drug interactions, reminds them to take certain medications on a full stomach and points out possible side effects.
"I broke down totally," he said.
"I'm one who was not surprised to hear about these militias," he said.
b-After an extraordinary charge from restructuring of $ 152,000,000, or 61 cents a share, in both the quarter and year.c-After an extraordinary gain from income tax benefits of $ 331,000,000, or $ 4.58 a share; an extraordinary charge of $ 67,000,000, or $ 1.05 a share, from merger-related charge and a gain of $ 35,000,000, or 14 cents a share, from from adoption of SFAS 106 and 109.
7 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
From Ms. Wu's remarks, it seemed clear that Chinese leaders had not come to terms on a strategy to resume negotiations to enter the world trade group.
"Two years ago, after 40 successful years in the industry, my wife, Vera, and I sold our agency, Suburban Travel Center in Larchmont," he said.
Established artists, mostly at big papers, get an increasing share of their income from the syndicates, which bundle their works into packages that are sold to virtually all papers and magazines of consequence.
Although school began last week, many new students are still registering for classes, further adding to the confusion.
What can possibly draw them there?
That performance seemed thoroughly true to the character of both participants yet completely surprising, an example of how the unpredictable can suddenly emerge out of brand-name consistency.
Walton, after all, was a rookie, a little-known player outside of Europe, who was the 10th player to make the European team on points.
I think his work on film shows how very good an actor he really was.
"Drop-In Discussion Group," led by Beverly Casarico and Barbara Fishbein for anyone who has breast cancer, Mondays, noon to 1:15 P.M., Overlook Hospital, 99 Beauvoir Avenue, Summit.
He graduated from the University of Florida.
"They said we should not be scared because they were not going to hurt us.
The word will spread rapidly.
One of the things that comes through in Ms. Winfrey's program that is usually missing from news accounts of homicides and suicides is the sheer suddenness of the absence of the one who dies.
So I pulled up the hood of my jacket and set off on the portion of Railway Trail that connects Somerset Bridge and Somerset Village.
The Berlin wall has come down and the old divisions of Europe have suddenly lost their meaning.
"It was like dancing in the cosmos," Commander Wetherbee said of the rendezvous, which took the shuttle within 37 feet of the Mir station on Monday.
The Direct Marketing Association in New York has appointed Robert Edmund, president of the Edmund Scientific Company in Barrington, N.J., as the 1996 chairman.
She met with other therapists, and together they set up workshop training programs.
That's because volumes of research material from other people's work get stored in the electronic file along with the manuscript in progress.
"I continue to claim that the church is the largest single voluntary society in British society," active in schools, prisons, hospitals, youth clubs and universities.
When David Chiang left Taiwan in 1978 to study at the University of Cincinnati, there was not much opportunity in his native land for a young engineer with an advanced degree.
Three men were taken into custody after the incident, and dozens of police officers were dispatched to the crowded streets where the shootings occurred to try to maintain calm.
Its avatars, in addition to Mr. Pierce, include the Rev.
The White Sox and Rangers never crossed the starting line.
She had not registered for the course, which requires an instructor's signature for enrollment, but she figured she could attend and enroll during the university's drop-add period.
11 623 THE ROAD LESS TRAVELED, by M. Scott Peck.
That problem should be a warning sign to City Hall.
The pastoral landscape is gone; in one large color print, a view of cattle in a field is obliterated by lines etched into a glass panel at a rest stop on the autobahn.
The Mayor's capital plan will eliminate financing for the construction of a new police academy in the South Bronx.
Even as conflict has ravaged much else in the former Yugoslavia in the last four years, the Vojvodina region of Serbia has remained tranquil, its families intact and its structures unscathed by shelling.
" Why do people no longer feel honor bound to keep confidences?
Arab-American leaders estimate that there are 2.5 million Arab-Americans, 150,000 of them Palestinian.
Wednesday at 7:30 P.M. Free.
Heat had melted the French doors to the deck.
"It was the kind of reasoning, if you could find a loophole you wrote half a page about it and ignored the context," said John Rother, the legislative director for the American Association of Retired People, which supported health care reform but did not endorse the Clinton plan.
sexual orientation was most often a major issue among African-Americans.
"I think it's going to give us name recognition," he said.
Mrs. Welsh's murder in a prosperous and relatively safe neighborhood raised serious questions about the effectiveness of the way that the mental health system treats potentially dangerous patients.
The judge threatened to pull the plug on the cameras but decided in effect to order that the camera be nailed down, that is, be limited to a single wide-angle courtroom shot, until certain modifications were made.
Mr. Clinton says his economic policies have slashed the deficit from the record $290 billion in 1992.
Shortly after the Mets lost, 8-4, to the Florida Marlins in a sloppily played game at Space Coast Stadium, Green accused his players -- particularly his major league players -- of taking a nonchalant approach to their work in recent days.
The Task Force is the oldest minority AIDS service organization in New York and one of the first in the nation.
Crews come from virtually every walk of life.
And by compensating doctors with a share of the profits only from the clinics they supervised, National Medical gave them improper incentives to push competitors out of the market and to spend as little as possible on treatments, affecting the quality of patient care, according to medical experts and court papers.
His family said the cause of death was congestive heart failure.
That did not stop him from suggesting, when Rockefeller Center Properties Inc.'s financial stability was threatened by the bankruptcy of Rockefeller Center's owners, that the trust do a restructuring financed by Goldman in exchange for a bigger stake, according to Peter D. Linneman, the trust's chairman.
The club sponsored an annual Cowdray Park Gold Cup, for which invited teams competed.
Still, they are a significant chapter in America's labor history.
Today, residents still grapple with the scars left by the disaster: as subterranean salt dissolved, two sinkholes hundreds of feet in diameter gobbled farmland and swallowed 70-foot-tall trees.
Afterward, sprinkle the filling with the bread crumbs.
In 1932 he formed another orchestra, which became such a hit on the big-band circuit that it was soon playing radio performances, leading to the long association with Benny.
"Like him, we're curious about visual problem solving here."
The bellwether 30-year Treasury bond slumped 24/32 and its yield, which moves in the opposite direction, rose to 6.53 percent, from 6.48 percent on Friday.
She was born and grew up in Paterson, moved away and came home.
Rupert Murdoch's Fox was first to cash in with a TV movie, while an officially authorized Simpson statuette has passed $5 million in sales at $3,395 apiece.
He hasn't witnessed me being hit around like this either."
"As far as the software business goes, Microsoft has become like death and taxes," said Mr. Gosling, the 40-year-old software wizard who is the mastermind behind the Java language.
Still, the Governor's departure from the race is likely to bring little benefit to General Powell, should he decide to run.
A walking tour of lower Manhattan past sites that figured prominently in the Revolutionary War, including Fraunces Tavern and the homes of George Washington, Benedict Arnold and Thomas Jefferson.
5; but thrown into an atmosphere of loudspeakers and bright musical colors, its musicians had a hard time taking hold of the listener's ear.
Mr. Levy, who has become a pariah in England's underground dance scene because of his pop success, came on like a jungle-music ambassador, dropping lines like "This is our music; get to know it" into his rapid-fire patter.
The passionate debate in "Theron Ware" about theories of Darwinian evolution, biblical scholarship and women's rights -- not to mention the question of what constitutes integrity -- is presented by Frederic as both intellectually engaging and funny; his sensibility is more forgiving than damning.
His third-largest holding is Amgen, the biotech company.
Or a brightly lighted, overstocked all-night newsstand, where you're encouraged to browse, linger, explore, and absorb, even if it's 4 A.M. and bone-cold, with a gusting wind.
More than 20 of his 23 years at 3M have been spent in sales and marketing at the data storage unit.
Atlanta Gas Light Co., Atlanta, 1.3 million shares.
While he still shows flashes of anger about the events of April 1993, Doyle insists that he does not seek vengeance.
"If you get the ball up, they don't have to kill it to hit it out of here.
A Serbian official said that 108 more United Nations troops who had been held hostage by Bosnian Serb forces were released early today with a promise that the remaining peacekeepers would be freed soon.
Modern but modest, the subway runs 11 stops over 6.5 miles and boasts Russian-built cars, an American communications system, a Swiss computerized central command post and Italian graffiti-proof station tiles.
"And now he gets me up at 2 A.M. and 4 A.M.
Unheralded, "Ermo" comes as a terrific surprise.
Moreover, the obfuscation and the loss of the three men were linked.
Platinum for July delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange rose $10.60, to $464.10 an ounce, its highest price since Sept. 7, 1990.
The fact is, it's a tough situation, but I have always -- and will always -- base my decisions on what I think is scientifically best.
"Then I try to make sure reviewers know as much about our book as they know about the other one.
That never mattered because with his arms held straight up, like Kevin McHale, who but Manute Bol was going to block his shot?
Each of the garments is known to have been sold in the stores along Ladies Mile.
That gave Martinez, 23, a chance for the first extra-inning perfect game in baseball history, but it ended on Roberts's double.
Working in Fiberglas, latex, marble dust and other unorthodox materials, Ms. Graves moved on to camel skeletons and bones, which she dispersed about the floor or hung from ceilings, and based other works on a variety of archeological and paleontological subjects, including fossils, totems and mummies.
The measure passed on Wednesday by a unanimous 15-0 vote.
Add the basil leaves and toss.
"I will say bye-bye to the press truck."
Look to the Shore We have wonderful restaurants and entertainment down here.
"We're going to be higher than we've been," General Manager Walt Jocketty said, "but not a great deal higher than before.
To the uninitiated, the notion seems bizarre.
The five-member commission of judges and lawyers, which set sentencing guidelines for Federal crimes a decade ago and continually reevaluates them, concluded in February that there was an unfair racial disparity in the treatment of the two types of cocaine.
He graduated from Castleton State College.
That facility was designed to provide 275,000 square feet of space, and a 25,000 square-foot trading floor.
Kertess spent the next several minutes simply staring silently at her paintings.
FOR CHILDREN ART MUSEUM OF PRINCETON UNIVERSITY The Children's Talk program continues.
"I don't think models' concerns are any different from other people's concerns," said Beverly Johnson, a supermodel of a decade ago who is active in the union.
1.Wash and dry chicken breasts.
Now, the 53-year-old Mr. Wynn wants to take the concept to Atlantic City, and others may not be far behind.
They are, with calculation, risking blame for shutting down the Government next week, or for the United States' defaulting on its debt soon after.
But the executive said the company had issued an internal memorandum notifying employees that the cable systems had been sold.
Certainly, the Suns missed Kevin Johnson (strained right quadriceps) and Wesley Person (sprained right foot), but neither Majerle, Danny Manning (6 points) nor Barkley came close to picking up the slack.
The Smithsonian Institution has shredded nude photographs and negatives made decades ago of Yale University students who were unaware that the pictures were to be used for a study, since discredited, linking physique and intelligence.
The ostensible reason: his hair was too short.
Union treasuries were looted; pension funds were eaten by the mob.
But during the week the city resumes its provincial tranquillity, as we discovered on a visit last February.
"It's just a slow start."
His televised hearings in 1966 and 1967 exposed the insanity of the Vietnam War in an irreversible way, convincing a nation that wisdom lay with the children in the streets rather than the old man in the Executive Mansion.
Traders took their cue from strong buying in Asia and Europe.
All they wanted was our cheap labor, and they made us rely on them for income.
Chief Justice Rehnquist and Justices Scalia and Thomas dissented.
B. and I could be good for years," he said.
There is plenty of room left over for composers who felt his powerful influence.
The damage from the oil spill is not impressive as far as oil spills go.
"We're anticipating that the move will be accomplished very rapidly."
The Brooklyn Botanic Garden has been robbed before as well: in 1974, a police stakeout caught two bonsai thieves.
Mr. Shapiro struck lenient deals for several client-athletes who used drugs, threw firecrackers at fans, carried guns in their Jaguars or beat their wives.
"You're an ambassador," Mr. Lipsky said.
As for his "Houses Along a Road" of circa 1881, it is the epitome of his delight in the motif of the turning road that scythes its way through space.
James's home run made it 7-4 in the sixth, and Jeter figured he had just joined a juggernaut.
The warrant said Mr. Waldholtz was wanted in connection with check-kiting schemes in Washington and Utah that are the subject of a grand jury investigation in Washington.
Customers who invested in Betamax machines and tapes, and Sony, were the losers.
A talented fund-raiser is invaluable to any nonprofit group or charity.
Answering his second question, Mr. Glazer defines the right track as creating hundreds of new small schools and speeding the "flow of power and money to the individual schools."
A5 Plymouth Journal: A volcano is just one of Montserrat's woes.
A few factors contributed to enabling the merger to take place now.
The program offered ample opportunity for solo initiative.
Robert Lawrence, a 69-year-old farmer from Newburgh, said that when the Icicle was built in the 1870's, the only practitioners of the sport were the wealthy families whose mansions lined the Hudson.
Today the foundation is crumbling, the 11,000 seats are disintegrating and no swimmer would dream of sticking so much as a toe into the pool's sorry, stagnant water.
out-of-towners kept asking John Rivera, a security guard who stands in front of 30 Rockefeller Plaza wearing a button that reads, "May I help you?"
The two junior Senators were also annoyed at having to vote on a measure that they saw for the first time only this morning.
Chinaco, a brand that was available about five years ago, will soon be on the market again with silver, reposado and aged varieties.
The United Food and Commercial Workers has had success in organizing food stores, while retail stores are generally not unionized.
"It's one of the most exciting community boards, because of the different focuses of its various communities."
The purchase of Atex, based in Bedford, Mass., involves a refinancing package including debt-to-equity conversion, debt forgiveness and a capital injection from Sysdeco.
He was a synthesizer of cultural identities.
USG's stock slipped back to $26 a share by the close of trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, but it is still up more than 50 percent from last fall's low of $17.25.
"You have a variety of things," Mr. Salahuddin said.
In a supposedly integrated package, maddening inconsistencies remain.
"I think I'm going to make it," he said then.
"What you saw in Run-D.M.C.
"A craftsman," she said proudly.
For example, 15 years ago a woman whose breast disease was detected early and whose lymph nodes did not show signs of cancer might not have been given radiation or chemotherapy until the disease had spread.
Others in the field concur.
Wally Richardson, the senior who succeeded Kerry Collins as the quarterback of the Lions, completed 18 of 31 passes for 195 yards and a fourth-quarter, fourth-down touchdown pass to Keith Olsommer.
" As she left court yesterday, Ms. Lake said: "I've learned a lot from the experience.
"I was told not to say that share has been dropping," recalled Toshio Sugiura, manager of Laox Computer Kan, one of the largest computer stores in the Akihabara electronics district of Tokyo.
Mickey Haefner, a left-hander who spent more than seven years of his eight-year major league pitching career with the Washington Senators in the 1940's, died at a nursing home here on Tuesday.
The objective is 6 percent.
Properties because they have invested heavily to enter the league, can set up their own marketing organizations and make more than $3 million a year.
Major reconstructive surgery was performed on his right knee, and he missed the rest of the season.
As they pulled up to the building, Ms. Morales immediately knew something was wrong; the curtains were open and she had left them closed.
After a diamond lead South maneuvered two heart ruffs in the dummy and drove out the A-K of trumps to score 550.
He earned a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Chicago.
So did Russia, China, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Argentina and Mexico.
But current convention has it that all Government officials are drones or sellouts, so the Federal role at Woburn is minimized.
Her straight hairdo, secured with a plain headband, is reminiscent of Mrs. Clinton in earlier days, and she wears mid-length skirts with sensible boots.
It is the first time a French official has acknowledged a French role in the killing.
And on everything else, he has been insensitive."
Norwest, with $71.4 billion in assets, provides banking and other financial services through roughly 3,000 offices in all 50 states.
Until about 1890, he said, all books had hand-sewn bindings.
It should have been an 0-2 fastball."
The allusion, obviously, would have had scant resonance with a pure narcissist, a man unmoved by the destiny of peoples or by old-fashioned patriotism.
The duo accounted for 30 of the team's 59 shots Tuesday night.
It would give Cadbury close to half the $16.8 billion American market for soft drinks other than colas, making it the dominant producer.
Players around them said that the two almost came to blows before the players broke it up.
Built as a replica of the sloops that sailed the river for 150 years carrying most of its commercial traffic, Clearwater is 103 feet, with a 66-foot boom and a 108-foot mast.
The mental illness she described is on grim display in the village clinic at Banteay Dek, about 20 miles east of Phnom Penh, where attendants trained in traditional Khmer medicine try as best they can to deal with mentally ill patients who are often violent.
His videos find him scaling (a la Schwarzenegger) gallery walls nude before changing to evening gown and pumps, and, more recently, transforming himself into a carrot-topped mutant.
1953 Renamed Scrabble, the game proves immensely popular.
Hayes filed for bankruptcy last November, citing a short-term cash shortage.
The report for Mr. Clinton says white male resentment of affirmative action "seems to be rising" because of "a static or shrinking economy," corporate layoffs and increasing nonwhite immigration, which "may fuel ugly racial sentiments, particularly in tight or transitional economic times."
All Eyes on a Union Leader Stanley W. Hill, executive director of New York City's largest and most powerful municipal employees union, is under pressure as never before.
Its work force is highly skilled and its economy remains the powerhouse of Europe.
Here's an example: "For a moment, for the first time and never before, she'd seen herself as some incredibly female creature who could alternate between strength and submission.
NATO officials in Naples this morning played bomb-camera videos for reporters showing solid hits on five targets: three ammunition depots, a communications link and a command bunker.
Motives Many senior Chinese officials suspect that the United States is trying to undermine their country, experts say, making it harder for the Clinton Administration to come up with an effective China policy.
While few doubt his seriousness of purpose, for example, some say he was a bit like an absentee manager when he ran Chase Manhattan, once the world's largest bank.
But, before today's game, his bones were creaking, and he took a inordinately long massage in the locker room.
Mr. Douris, who grew up in Astoria, Queens, came to journalism early, working as a sports assistant for The Star-Journal while in high school.
(Being married can also cause more Social Security benefits to be taxed.)
For the fiscal year, Sony reported a group net loss of 293.36 billion yen, equivalent to $3.3 billion.
For general use on houseplants, the standard 10-15-10 formula works fine.
Some of that uncertainty arose from the tone set by his predecessor, Waldemar Pawlak, who also came from a party rooted in the Communist past but was much more conciliatory toward Moscow.
When he went to work for the Government 22 years later, he was the president of Sterling Vineyards in the Napa Valley.
Exploding Pumpkin Q. I went away for a long weekend at Halloween time and my uncarved pumpkin exploded.
A White House spokeswoman, Ginny Terzano, acknowledged that the public rebuke to Mr. Perry was a little unusual, but she said, "The President feels strongly about both of these issues and thinks financial support is important and he wanted to reiterate that to Secretary Perry."
The Haryana police chief, Kalyan Rudra, said an initial investigation indicated that the fire began with an electrical short circuit in the roof of the tent and spread to the nylon fabric covering the structure.
In "Flyer," she wondered whether a man she met on a plane and never saw again was her one and only Mr.
There are five tours, with restaurants convenient to each.
I wrote recently about the Clinton failure to order a Special National Intelligence Estimate from the C.I.A.
If he wins and returns a spade, South finesses in diamonds, draws trump and eventually gets back to dummy with a diamond to play a club.
So as speculation continued about who might replace Riley, the Knicks continued to deal with the fallout of his departure with a year left on his contract.
Jeff Brohm is the San Diego rookie who has been imitating Young.
The districts, which must be in neighborhoods where Federal funds have already been used to build housing, are being selected by the Mayor's office.
And while he is hardly a sentimentalist, he can't help looking back.
Words of Finance Sam Walton, the founder of the Wal-Mart store chain, decoded his success in his autobiography, "Sam Walton: Made In America" (Doubleday), a 1992 best seller he wrote with John Huey.
But it is clear that these schools have not failed for lack of money or support.
It's a great day to be alive," said Ms. Myers, who is 25.
Answer: All of the above.
WITH: Everett Quinton (Carmen), Lenys Sama (Don Johnson), Julia Dares (Torre Adore/Captain Zoriega), Cheryl Reeves (Micaela), Beth Dodye Bass (Lily Pastia), Eureka (Warden Harper), Larry McLeon (Rita/ Beverly Howard/Odalee/Mercedes), Michael Van Meter (Anita/Carolina Garrison/Odaloo/Frasquita) and Jimmy Szczepanek (Chita/Dottie Olinski/Odalaa/Manuela).
She wanted to help others, she said, and noted that she had been impressed by Mr. Dahle, who would give her extra help during her lunch breaks.
He finally closed on the property last month, paying $400,000 for the building, which has a 35,000-square-foot auditorium.
"But I want to look into the possibilities to see what's available first.
Large plans like Kaiser Permanente provide a full range of 24-hour emergency services at their own clinics and hospitals.
Councilwoman Karen Koslowitz wrote the judge a two-page letter urging that Mr. Cole be sentenced to jail for what she has estimated to be millions of dollars in damage to property in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens.
Aided by new technology and imbued with a new aggressiveness, it is a role the police will take on as a matter of course beginning in three weeks, when the traffic-control transition is complete: the Police Department, which relinquished such duties in 1950 to the Transportation Department's brownies (so-called for their brown uniforms), is taking back the job.
Foreign aid, never very popular with Americans, is on the chopping block.
Ms. Mahony gives practical advice about how to reverse these trends, offering specific suggestions she calls BATNA's -- best alternatives to a negotiated agreement.
Often she has been praised for the golden quality of her lighting.
The government is really lawless when it comes to these children.
"It might be a cute love story," Mr. Ferrandino said, "But, it's corny, but being a teacher is a sacred trust, and you have to handle it like that."
According to Federal Bureau of Investigation numbers issued last weekend, serious crimes throughout the country went down 1 percent, or about 67,000 crimes, in the first six months of 1995, compared with the same period a year earlier.
6 local, takes a long walk to Lexington Avenue or a bus connection.
Thursday at 7 P.M. Free; pre-registration required.
For years, some states have sought the authority to impose liens on homes occupied by the spouses of nursing home residents, to help offset the costs of such care.
It has produced prime-time hits like "Home Improvement," "Blossom," and "Empty Nest," as well as syndicated programs.
Felines, by no means all aloof or solitary, are revealed in their complexity by the author of "The Hidden Life of Dogs."
"It hurts when you nurture and build a career.
But Marty Goodman, a token clerk on the No.
"People call and say, 'What's it worth to you?'
Keep open the Naval Technical Training Center in Meridian.
From there take N.M. 54 to Carrizozo (58 miles) then U.S. 380 east (15 miles) to Lincoln.
Despite imposing some of the severest economic cutbacks in Canada since the Depression to eliminate a budget deficit, the government of Alberta enjoys more support today than when it was elected 18 months ago.
Friends of Bill W. A FREQUENTLY HEARD CODE PHRASE IN Minnesota: "Are you friends of Bill W.?"
to walk around my own neighborhood?
The bridegroom, 27, is the vice president in the office of the chairman of Miramax Films in New York.
Children on the quiet, tree-shaded block in Brooklyn's Old Mill Basin said they sensed something had been amiss for the last few months in the two-family brick home on East 59th Street.
As with Peer Gynt's onion, one can peel and peel and peel and never find the core.
Ms. Ameling's Philips recording compels it.
I want to start giving something back."
That friendless Schumann concerto, for instance: last summer, Mr. Kremer recorded it for the second time in 12 years.
In some numbers, extended sizzling percussion riffs that shifted in tone were shot through with short sparkling guitar solos that echoed the Allman Brothers Band.
Although tribal leaders have blueprints and a construction schedule ready, it remains to be seen when the casino will open, what kinds of games will be played there and how much money the American Indians can keep.
The President's approach would slow projected Medicaid growth by $54 billion over seven years, while the block grant approach the Republican governors support would slow that growth by $163 billion in that time.
he asked after the votes were tallied.
A lawyer for Paraco, Larry Green, sitting in the audience at the hearing, declined to make any comment.
He was a past chairman of the International Council of B'nai B'rith.
"The media especially like the pairings," Mr. Poppel said, "like Nicole and O.
The study, released yesterday, is a result of a lawsuit filed 10 years ago by Englewood, which had long educated the high school students of the nearby small and wealthy town of Englewood Cliffs.
What has he left behind?
PACIFIC -- Named Bob Carruesco director of marketing and promotions.
A hurricane in 1954 swept the bath houses into the Bay.
That would be 30 to 40 books in an average career.
The biggest reason for the higher premiums is that we saw a big increase in claims volume nationwide, especially outpatient claims.
His apprehension notwithstanding, Williams was ready with an answer to why, if he and his wife disapprove of the dangers inherent in letting 14-year-olds gate crash the tennis workplace, both of his daughters wound up doing precisely that.
Belle had much more help in leading Cleveland to the A.L.
They believed a white landlord was trying to evict one of the better known black shop owners in Harlem.
The new date for the proceeding before an administrative law judge of the National Labor Relations Board is July 24, but all three parties hope the matter is settled by then.
Even when it became clear that he was about to be held in contempt of court, he pleaded with the court to wait a month to place him in custody, so he could "complete the brief."
The inbound pass was deflected, Syracuse's Lucious Jackson ran it down, dived, and after a brief skirmish, was tied up.
In fact, a hefty part of the job is corralling stray occurences, the odds and ends of peoples' activities and giving them clever labels.
But after more than a week in this dreary, industrial metropolis, visitors traditionally have escaped to Rio de Janeiro, one hour north by air.
The new editor in chief and associate publisher is Helen Eisenbach, a novelist and playwright who was executive editor of QW and a senior editor at NAL/Dutton.
George E. Pataki, but to no avail.
Half of the charges relate to a $300,000 loan that a financier, David Hale, contends he was pressured by Mr. Clinton to make.
Critics charge that it straddles the line between traditional lotteries and more fast-paced casino games like slot machines or video poker, at a time when New York, Massachusetts and states across the nation debate whether to expand legal gambling.
In regional terms, Latin America suffered the most from these developments.
SO A PLAGUE ON BOTH locker-room and skybox, we say, and yet, perhaps, this is not a sign of giving up, but of liberation.
Rutgers University in New Brunswick, College Avenue campus, Milledoler Hall, George Street and Seminary Place.
"And you ask them what was done and what wasn't done."
He was sentenced to seven years in prison.
D25 RULING AGAINST DESEGREGATION The Court ruled that lower courts had improperly ordered the state of Missouri to help pay for a desegregation plan in Kansas City.
"He's a good role model for the generation to come and the young people my age," Mr. Hampton said of Mr. Farrakhan.
Judges have always been fond of the description of the judiciary as "the least dangerous branch" but they also happily think of themselves as part of the least profligate branch.
If you stay for one week in one state, you're finished."
Questions to Ask Here are some questions that kid ney patients can ask to compare the quality of care at dialysis clinics: What is this clinic's annual standard mortality rate?
But I also would have hated to take an even more harmful decision."
A legislator, Jim Morgo, a Democrat from Bayport, had $5,000 for Meadow Croft put into the county budget, Mr. Weinhardt said.
Moceanu's loyalties, however, lay elsewhere.
"We are pleased that the referees have voted to accept our proposal, and we will be meeting with Fred Slaughter tomorrow," said Jeff Mishkin, the league's chief legal officer, in a statement.
"It is easy to make the point that New York City is way out of line with respect to health benefits," said the commission's president, Raymond D. Horton.
Their task was to match a picture with a sentence.
Many students were unhappy -- there was "a tremendous amount of conversation," Mr. Hoffner said.
He said the plasticizer, supplied by Hoechst Celanese Corporation, of Somerville, N.J., contained a half-dozen contaminants that triggered a chemical reaction in the filter that formed methyl isothiocyanate, which is the basis for a pesticide.
The Clintons said they relied on Mr. McDougal to ask them when additional money was needed.
The reason, according to Administration officials, is that Wall Street would take advantage of the new tax breaks to create paper losses for executives and professionals with big salaries on exotic shelters similar to the oil and gas ventures, leasing deals and race horse partnerships of the past.
Readers in Escondido, many of whom are middle class, say they are not as concerned about the prospect of more competition as they are about losing a valuable voice in their community.
The terms of the entire transaction are subject to approval by the G.M.
They then killed him, Mr. Chibana said.
To the Editor: It was disheartening to read of Jesse Helms's views of the victims of AIDS and his efforts to cut funds to the Ryan White Care Act of 1990 (news article, July 5).
Manhattan Sites is in the process of refurbishing the statue, and has just made a display case to house it.
Thirty-year fixed-rate mortgages averaged 7.82 percent this week, up from 7.79 percent last week, according to a national survey released today by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
When Boris Becker, the defending champion, was informed after beating Patrick McEnroe on Thursday that no one had ever repeated as the title-holder since the Volvo International tournament moved here in 1988, he said, "I'd say it's about time to change that routine."
With their tools on the sidewalk, and the cars being jacked up on ramps.
She considers riding an elevator to her third-floor apartment, but the elevator often leaves her stranded between floors.
The appeals panel held that the $1,000 coupons would be virtually worthless to poorer truck owners and rental companies financially unable to buy new pickups.
But the organization said the number of individual efforts to remove books from libraries actually fell.
To some, it is ironic that post-apartheid South Africa's impact on the rest of the continent is more economic than political.
The Englishman was one of the few riders who used a disk, or covered, rear wheel, which is aerodynamically faster than spoke wheels but untrustworthy at high speed on wet roads.
The radical revamping of the industry may not lead to lower rates for many customers in the short term, but the hope is that rates will fall as the system evolves.
"Different partners have different skills for different clients," Mr.
Common Riscorp Inc., Sarasota, Fla., filed to sell 8.85 million class A shares in an initial public offering.
In trying to avoid tax increases, Mr. Citron and the county executives in Orange County were living in the spirit of the property-tax revolt that first stirred in the area under the heading of Proposition 13.
Rather than give readers the chance to meet one of their favorite authors whose words they love, Ikea has invited the cover model, who, to the best of my knowledge, has never written a single word except to autograph books.
Molinari (R) Yea Nay Yea Yea Yea 14.
"We miss you here," said Senator Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut.
Michael S. Clendenin, a spokesman for the Democratic-controlled Council, said the Council was expected to approve the plan.
Priscilla and her 600 fellow peer leaders statewide, who are paid $6 an hour for their part-time work, do more than just talk about the evils of smoking to other youngsters.
The home run ended Eshelman's string of scoreless innings at 18, including the first 5 today, and brought the Yankees within 4-3.
Although he doesn't claim to be a Poe scholar, Mr. Kresh said the clumsy rhythm of the poem's penultimate line makes him doubt that Poe wrote it.
Current clients include Apple Computer, Polaroid, the Ames Research Center of NASA, Harvard, M.I.T.
This is a subject that demands more introspection on his part.
Heroin's presence on the Upper West Side is becoming more noticeable, according to residents: they see people slumped in doorways who appear to be high, and people roaming the neighborhood, apparently looking to buy it.
Have your nails become brittle, your menstrual periods irregular or heavy, your voice hoarse?
The Transit Authority suggested that riders traveling between the West Side of Manhattan and Brooklyn take the N or R train between Times Square and Pacific Street.
Disturbed by violence that culminated in the killings of four dealers in a turf war last summer, the authorities cracked down again last month, after having given up on hopes that a policy of tolerance would lead to self-regulation and containment.
officials said they did not understand the precise relationship.
1 JOBLESS RATE FALLS TO 5.4% An unexpectedly large number of Americans found new jobs in February, as the unemployment rate matched a four-year low, dropping three-tenths of a point to 5.4 percent.
She said that 200 other groups in the United States, Europe and Japan would take part in the letter-writing campaign for the Macuxi lands.
One deputy was slightly injured.
That was for fancy suburban ladies.
They recount, often for the first time, what they have seen and done, and also discussed the problems they have had readjusting to civilian life.
The step should be rigid, not rhythmic.
What has undoubtedly helped the Burns officers gain respect is the relationship they have established with many children in the complex.
Yet the failure to sell out Byrne Arena is symptomatic of the Devils' existence in New Jersey.
As the Republican-controlled Senate voted resoundingly against it Friday afternoon, Mr. Rowland suffered his worst defeat in his 11-month-old term.
"I have programmed myself to be at least 105 years old," he declares, his voice filling the room.
The ball rolled off the rim, sending the game into a second overtime.
The barracks, cookhouse, guardhouse and military fortifications are enhanced by audio presentations.
"This verifies a trend that has existed for three years -- and that is the convergence of the hub, router and switch markets," Laurence Walker, general manager of the Digital Equipment Corporation's networking business, said.
That says a lot about what white Americans want to be told these days: that they should not be criticized for racism.
While still a young painter, in the 1630's, Rembrandt took Amsterdam by storm, becoming the most sought-after portrait painter in the city, having already made a stir with his dramatic early paintings of biblical scenes.
"I appreciate Mr. Walesa's achievements," he said.
After six years of legal wrangling, the city finally accepted part of the estate as a park, but by then a cycle of decay, which still plagues the property, had begun.
DEAR DIARY: I was recently cast in a role for the NBC-TV soap opera "Another World."
Of the 430,000 women under the initial plan, about 96,000 provided medical documentation of illness.
Before "Myst," Broderbund had an unprecedented string of hits, mostly in "edutainment" programs for children, like "Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?"
The provision will not affect those who can pay for abortions, and most of them would surely have abortions to avoid that ultimate humiliation.
Simpson against murder charges, the judge in the case today approved their request that the jury should be allowed to hear a racial epithet used by a crucial witness in the case.
Harlem has come to expect such political unpredictability from Mr. Butts, and he has been criticized in the past, even by some of his own congregants, for endorsing Ross Perot in 1992 and inviting Mr. Pataki to speak at his church during the last gubernatorial election.
But the committee did announce tonight that it would recommend a new rule to put book income within the overall ceiling on members' outside income.
I HAD done this before, I thought -- driven a car to the ooh-oohs of the crowd.
Internationale Nederlanden Groepe N.V., the Dutch company that bought Barings P.L.C., said today that it was frustrated by delays in a Bank of England investigation into the collapse of the British merchant bank and might press ahead with its own reorganization.
He had no idea what the words meant.
"When the landlords were renting to the schlock stores, national chains weren't in the market," said Benjamin Fox, a partner at the New Spectrum store brokerage.
For some reason, it wants to be on 39th Street.
Not all cart vendors are novice retailers.
If this is important to you, stay with it."
At the time, foreign ballet was automatically considered better and more exciting than the homegrown variety.
Mr. Hoffa is administrative assistant to the president of the joint council of the Michigan Teamsters, which has two locals in the strike.
No circumstance, no purpose, no law whatsoever can ever make licit an act which is intrinsically illicit, since it is contrary to the law of God which is written in every human heart, knowable by reason itself, and proclaimed by the church.
His concerns about a reprise of Vietnam have had a strong influence on American military policy in recent years, shaping the country's response to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and later to Serbian aggression in the former Yugoslavia.
A spokeswoman from the Margaret Chase Smith Library in Skowhegan said she had died of complications from a stroke eight days earlier that had left her in a coma.
Only a few clients -- primarily women with infants at home or people under 24 who have not completed high school -- are deferred.
Others live in a language fog, she said.
Two weeks ago, Gordon led Earnhardt, a seven-time champion, by 302 points.
Here in Presidente Prudente, a railroad junction city 350 miles west of Sao Paulo, the annual June rodeo was broadcast live by two television networks to a huge swath of Brazil's farm belt.
There was nothing but paper, and it was dull, that paper, and it offered only two choices: lined or unlined.
Mr. Bailey expressed satisfaction today that Tracy Kennedy, the juror Judge Ito dismissed on Friday for a variety of infractions, was clearly among his fans.
Colin Ferguson accused the Nassau County police of plotting to frame him for killing six people on a Long Island Rail Road train.
And they've been there, so they know how to win.
When that record was set on Jan. 18, 1966, there were already signs that inflation was rising, although the price index was up less than 2 percent over the prior year.
Falloon slid the puck past Moog to break a 2-2 tie.
Brown, whose term is also up.
As much as he railed at the idea of prohibition -- and he was old enough to remember the real thing -- Mr. Adams believed it was a major factor in this country's subsequent wine-making achievements.
"They wanted to hit grand slam home runs with nobody on."
1 problem we have," said Col. Peter J. O'Hagan, director of the State Division of Highway Traffic Safety.
Other therapies, like Pulmozyme, are more expensive than the vest.
"You think the first game could be a positive thing because we know their personnel," said Dana Johnson, Tennessee's 6-2 center.
Matches can last for days.
But, she added, "you will see it is a child-like lie," from a damaged person.
The defense bar has answered that the Government has been trying to intimidate lawyers from providing effective counsel to major drug defendants.
Born in Kansas City, Mo., he received an undergraduate degree from Yale University in 1928 and a degree in architecture from New York University in 1939.
One of Nelson's biggest attributes is his ability to make minute adjustments for players during hard times.
We are not, I think, a particularly prudish family, but given the representations of mutilation, sex and gore that filled the exhibition, it turned out to be good advice.
championship and first since 1973, as well.
If the Bulls win the East and we win the West, we'd have to beat them in the finals, which we couldn't do two years ago."
Now gambling is being heralded as the catalyst for renewal.
"I don't like it when she leaves," Therese said while drying off with a towel.
His strategy for competing against the huge new fields of Texas and Oklahoma was to start a catchy advertising campaign stressing the special lubricating qualities of the motor oil refined from Pennsylvania Grade crude.
"In many cases, the grown-ups are coming because of the kids playing baseball.
The crests form a central medallion from which an 18th-century bronze and crystal chandelier will be hung.
On the sidewalk, near a pile of burned dolls and furniture, someone had built a small shrine of three Styrofoam crosses draped with purple carnations and white lilies.
But while critics have complained about the granite walls and Vermont marble at the new Foley Square court complex in Manhattan, and about the waterfront setting of Fan Pier in Boston for a Federal court complex, the Pecos project, though comparatively modest in cost, raises an even more fundamental question: why was a courthouse here built at all?
He said the current stock price did not reflect the company's expansion into more rapidly growing businesses like cable television.
To submit items for consideration, write to On the Towns, Sunday New Jersey Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, or send a fax to (212) 556-7219.
Reeves made the decision to keep Simms three years ago, but Simms spent only one more season with the Giants before a shoulder injury forced him to eventually leave football.
Officer Thomas Wrenn, 24, died at about 11:30 A.M. at Elmhurst Hospital, said Sgt.
They amount in the end to portraits that are seen and listened to but will never be painted.
Terrified of romanticizing his situation, he of course does not avoid doing so.
Alaska Airlines currently serves the eastern Russian cities of Magadan, Khabarovsk and Vladivostok with one round-trip flight a week from Anchorage.
The developer, SCI Real Estate Development Ltd., a Manhattan-based subsidiary of SCI S.p.A., one of Italy's largest commercial developers, began construction of the 97,000-square-foot building in Westchester County in 1989 and stopped a year later after a downturn in the office market.
The tobacco companies have already today filed suit against your proposals.
They now believe they are only a few weeks away from restoring the co-op's fiscal health.
I didn't want to be rude and leave so I just stood there and listened, and he became very funny."
Ruben Diaz would have us believe that Mr. Diaz has maintained the support of the New York City Council and was reappointed to the Civilian Complaint Review Board, which reviews complaints of police brutality, despite his homophobic attitudes.
State and local officials say Mrs. Harter's daughter, Tonya Kline, is typical of a growing population of young teen-agers who do not fit in at school, stray into minor criminal activity, and, as Miss Kline did earlier this year, run away from home.
In part because for two years all eyes were on the health care reform debate in Washington, many of us have missed what's going on in our own backyards.
Not everyone is gloomy about this.
He is overwhelmed, instead, by what he could not do -- that he could not help another neighbor who lost his grip on the sheet and tumbled 11 stories into the building's courtyard.
It almost explodes in your mouth because of the salt-sugar contrasts and the variances of texture.
American consumers are now shelling out nearly as much for personal computers as for television sets, the consumer electronics industry announced today at its annual winter trade show.
Mr. Rodriguez in particular made in plain that the firearms agency played right into the hands of Mr. Koresh, who saw himself as a messenger of God, sent as an avatar to vindicate the faithful and destroy their earthly oppressors.
The companies compete in the market for the computer-aided-design software used to develop computer chips.
A certified copy of a Court document, like a judgment or a certificate of membership in the Court's bar, now costs $25.
Sunday at 7:30 and 10 P.M.; Monday through Thursday at 3:30 and 7:30 P.M.; Saturday at 8 and 10:30 P.M. Tickets: $20; $25 on Saturday.
You could roll in your rocking chair until an idea comes.
White House officials said Mr. Clinton's speech would be followed with three or four budget-related events a week over the next two to three weeks.
"My brother used to always sneak in early to stake out the presents.
Free vaccines are available to doctors for uninsured children or those who are Medicaid eligible.
On a day when the sun can melt the sidewalk, he is dressed in a silk dress shirt and trousers.
Many therefore accept postdoctoral academic appointments as teaching or research assistants, usually for two years at a time with relatively low pay and little chance for permanent employment.
It also now controls all state secrets and provides security for the armed forces and the federal Government, the Interfax news agency said.
"This will be the first night I've slept in a while," Simms said yesterday during an interview at NBC.
Missing shots proved to be contagious for the Pirates, who failed to connect on 40 of 62 field-goal attempts for a 35.5 percent shooting average.
Drug and alcohol addiction, the Governor has said, "result in the incarcerations of people in the first place."
Under Mr. Milosevic, the Serbian police force has grown to about 130,000 people.
Finally Washington noticed, and recently loosened syndication rules, making it possible for ABC to syndicate programs it would take from its partner, Disney.
Mr. Berlusconi's political adversary, the former Communist Party, which backs the referendum, now seems willing to compromise.
The trick in getting the most out of blue-chip talent is to have the supporting talent assembled right from the start.
The Chinese assumed American businesses would come to their rescue and force the Administration to back down, as happened last year when Mr. Clinton tried to link trade with China's human rights behavior.
And CBS's Sunday interview program, "Face the Nation," lags behind NBC's "Meet the Press" and ABC's "This Week with David Brinkley."
Tanya L. Domi, a representative of the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs, a Washington group that has been advising the 28 political parties taking part in the election, said the fees "put a difficult burden on parties that are already financially strapped."
The dictator's front man, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong, realized this had caused a rift between two members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
"From Columbus Day through Thanksgiving, kids make little headdresses and talk about us in the past tense," said Tonya Gonnella Frichner, the president of the American Indian Law Alliance.
He befriends Ronald (a citizen, as the residents are called), and he alienates Donna (the group's leader).
Barnett Newman once said to me, 'Artists make real estate.'
The presence of natural gas, they said, pointed to the possibility that there had been a previous leak from a gas line and that the cable fire turned those fumes into the large amounts of carbon monoxide that invaded the building.
They might as well be about Musial or DiMaggio.
The chemicals have been found during police searches since the gas attack on the Tokyo subway system last Monday, in which 10 people died and 5,500 were injured.
Mr. Erglis's lawyer, Harry Batchelder, said work stopped because of long delays by the city in hooking up water and sewage lines to the completed houses.
A WHOLE NEW LIFE: An Illness and a Healing By Reynolds Price.
Geisler was assigned to Norfolk.
"The Democrats can't get the 60 votes," one top Dole adviser said tonight.
I wasn't interested in destroying the privacy and sanctity of their family."
In 1916 he started making ladders and ironing boards and then Yo-Yo's and other toys, including toy trucks.
Their letter to Mr. McConnell noted that failure to hold hearings "would be a major break with Senate procedure."
But her voice may not be enough to sway the Legislature.
For information, call the conference chairman, Stephen Hinton, 415-723-0731.
If you live in a valley, be prepared for floods.
Neither SEAN HIGGINS nor DERRICK COLEMAN took their spots on the bench Tuesday night to watch the victory against the Hornets.
Her mother, Shirley Bacot, is the chairwoman of Wells College in Aurora, N.Y.
As part of that effort, a coalition of Hudson Valley utilities was paying the salaries of six members of the tagging team.
"What an unfortunate coincidence," she said.
Here it is made with a light, tomato-based broth with stewed vegetables and Middle Eastern spices.
Still, he appears to have kept his equilibrium.
CREW AND GIULIANI HOLD CORDIAL MEETING Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew ended his first week in office with what seemed to be a cordial, cooperative meeting with Mayor Giuliani at City Hall and by moving to fill the two top posts in his administration.
Busing costs the city $13 million a year.
Since more than half of those children start life below the poverty line, adult fathers, ince identified, might be pressured to take on more financial responsibility in the rearing of their children.
To be sure, Congress has done some favors for dairy farmers.
The advent of fall is heralded by their departure, sometimes with new little members of their family, to winter headquarters in South America.
In futures trading, which affects the cash market, the December bond contract settled at 11628/32 .
He was 85 and lived in Berkeley.
"I'm sure that at least 60 percent of Jesse Junior's poll numbers are related to his name," Mr. Starks said.
"The constitutional process should run its course," said Michael F. McKeon, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki.
Ms. Leaming thinks the signal event of Katharine Hepburn's life was, at age 13, discovering the body of her 15-year-old brother, Tom, who had slowly strangled himself with a noose.
But they can still fertilize an egg when they are directly injected into it.
They shed the robes; they were all in aprons, like Nathan Lane.
Five mutual fund experts who created hypothetical retirement portfolios are making few, if any, changes in their investments.
A metal bar was straddling his midsection, Ms. Siegel said.
If he leads a spade, the ten is played from dummy, and when East wins he is immediately endplayed.
Mrs. Whitman's pension maneuvers have not gotten a lot of publicity -- in part because the eyes of reporters and readers alike tend to glaze over when confronted with complex budget details.
After that, the options are limited.
Of the 10 urban areas in the country considered by the Environmental Protection Agency to have the worst air pollution problems, nine are in California.
South Korea has offered to pay most of the $4 billion cost to give the North two new reactors, but only if South Korean reactors are used.
She is a fourth-year student at the Cornell University Medical College in New York, where her father is a clinical assistant professor of psychiatry.
So What Else Is New?
16 slot, followed by Tejano Run from the 14th post and Timber Country from No.
"We are putting in a series of high schools to service exactly that community and address their need, so I don't see the need for another one.
The history of the United Nations and its resolutions constitute an expression of its permanent legal, political and moral responsibility.
Also of note was the fact that Atlanta's Greg Maddux won his third straight earned run average title (1.63), the first N.L.
He said about $1 million would be needed by next March to begin the working phase of the project.
Also in attendance were many graduate scientists and scientists-in-training, who seem not to be deterred from their plans and passion by the glum prospect of dwindling financial support for basic research.
Indeed, some proponents of open spaces advocate an even brisker pace.
Boys and girls alike, she notes, are anxious to fill their bodies with healthy ingredients.
The museum that he helped organize and stock with two million shells representing 20,000 species of mollusks is scheduled to open there on Nov. 18.
surpassed last year's average (223.270) by 3.642 m.p.h., a large jump.
The rig count represents the number of rigs actively exploring for oil and natural gas.
"Mortgage companies are happy to add names to a mortgage but they rarely take names off," said Mr. Selsberg, the Connecticut real estate lawyer.
Excluding the costs of its legal problems, Prudential Securities probably operated at a break-even rate last year, analysts say.
State investigators try to discourage the presence of children, who are often brought by parents who cannot find or afford day care, because even young children are sometimes put to work helping a parent who works on a piece rate.)
After weeks of tense and sometimes ugly campaigning, two former street gang members running for the City Council were handily defeated at the polls on Tuesday.
Mr. Allen once wrote an adoring yet remarkably insightful magazine piece about him, drawing, surely, on artistic qualities with which he was familiar: "Some kind of diabolical intensity comes across his face when he has the ball .
Hours: Lunch 11:30 to 2 from Tuesdays to Fridays, dinner 5 to 9:30 from Tuesdays to Thursdays, 5 to 11 on Fridays and Saturdays and 3 to 9 on Sundays.
Kent State built a gym on the hill where the shooting occurred to prevent its being declared a national historic landmark.
Even the names of the months were changed to reflect this democratic optimism.
But "She's Like a Swallow," a lyrical piece for chorus, piano and flute that gently rocks in six-eight meter, demonstrated the shortcomings of Ms. Larsen's style.
It also is a reminder that whatever the Federal Reserve may do about the cost of credit, money is available.
Along the streets are designer clothing stores and secondhand (or vintage) clothing stores.
The five board members -- representing each of the five boroughs -- also underlined the board's independence from City Hall, sending a strong message to Mr. Giuliani that if he continued to insist that he play an "important role" in the selection of Mr. Cortines's replacement, he would be disappointed.
Choreographers and poets joined forces to create theatrical works about gay blacks in "Toenails of Steel and Ruby Red Text," the program presented on Sunday afternoon by the Thelma Hill Dance Project at the Triangle Theater of Long Island University in Downtown Brooklyn.
IT'S A MOD, MOD WORLD, 436 East Ninth Street, (212) 460-8004.
Almost none of the doctors in New York City's managed care network have experience in treating people with the virus or AIDS, the advocates say.
And often her anecdotes fail to carry the weight they should: she begins the book, dramatically, with an account of how five Bhutanese boys recently murdered three monks in "a mountain paradise that only yesterday seemed untarnished by brutality or greed."
After saying that signing Cone was his top priority, Watson added that the Yankees want to employ the below-average fielding Ruben Sierra in left field and are searching for another designated hitter who can occasionally play the field.
MY man, the Yankee fan, has this new nightmare.
After this broadside, Mr. Franco kept silent.
"But if we don't work at it, it can surely become even more family unfriendly."
It's a region worth watching.
So are the songs in which the men move to rhythm-and-blues cadences like synchronized parts of one perfectly oiled machine.
Grace Dynasty Is Ended W. R. Grace's board forced its longtime chairman, J. Peter Grace, into involuntary retirement as part of a corporate shake-up.
But as president of a nondenominational institution that must accommodate people who reflect a wide range of backgrounds and beliefs, it is my duty to assure that the procedures of Yeshiva University conform to the applicable provisions of secular law."
The Old Guy walked past the basketball courts and squeezed through bars of a fence surrounding part of the park, where maniac teen-age boys leap off seven-foot-high ramps on skates and mountain bikes.
They wore helmets with an electronic apparatus that is supposed to align their brain waves with the guru's.
Deportations for overstaying a visit are virtually unheard of.
The Speaker's spokesman, Tony Blankley, said the issue was one of consultation.
In the 1993 general elections they squeaked ahead with 39 percent, compared with 35 for the Popular Party, staying in power only with the support of Catalan and Basque nationalist parties.
In the first movement of Schubert's Sonata in A minor (D. 784) -- with its spare, self-contained theme, its outbursts of trembling octaves and its consoling, almost hymnal second theme -- Mr. Burmester did not heed Schubert's instruction to keep the tempo "guisto" (just, meaning strict).
When I last interviewed Yitzhak Rabin in his office a couple of weeks ago, I was in the middle of asking him a question when he suddenly looked past me through his open door and called out to his secretary to bring him a beer.
In a sign that state budget talks have moved out of reverse gear, the Assembly's Democratic leadership put the finishing touches on a welfare plan today that would restore about $120 million in spending to Gov.
's annual $1.5 million subsidy to the I.B.A.
Certainly, Everett was an enigma when he arrived in the Mets' camp, already criticized by his new manager, Dallas Green, for his failure to report early and carrying some hefty baggage from his previous two teams (the Marlins and the Yankees, who drafted him in the first round in 1990).
"If some of these songs were in German, everyone would love them.
Shaquille O'Neal had 20 points and a season-high 21 rebounds in front of a full house in the building that the Celtics will leave for the new Fleet Center next season.
that Steven was "a gift."
I'll come back for you, Linda tells him as she leaves the house to meet Johnny.
Like "Fools of Fortune" and "The Silence in the Garden," "Felicia's Journey" grounds bizarre, gothic developments in meticulously observed scenes of ordinary life.
"They're fun to look at, but I don't think it's a terribly intelligent way to invest your money."
Jennifer Cecelia Babcock, a daughter of Darrell and Sheila Babcock of Jidda, Saudi Arabia, was married yesterday to Ashley Thorndike Griggs, a son of Betsy T. Griggs of Ardsley-on-Hudson, N.Y., and the late Maitland L. Griggs Jr.
"The fundamental distinction between us and our closest relatives is not our language, not our culture, not our technology," said Richard E. Leakey, a paleontologist and son of Mary Leakey and the late Louis S. B. Leakey, renowned fossil hunters in Kenya.
Both Lupolianski and Mayor Olmert believe that the city can continue to grow beyond its current population, and say that it may reach as high as 850,000 in another decade.
Ultimately, he said, by making it easier to track medical treatments, their costs and their outcomes, the bill can lead to greater efficiency and lower costs for health care.
"Reggie Lewis had two groups of doctors," MacDonald said.
Information kiosks appeared on the Boardwalk.
Buffet supper at 5 P.M.; Straight and Narrow Choir performance at 6:30; Roy Haynes concert at 7.
That kind of stuff happens at some other schools, but not here."
However, to redirect programming so it is at risk of becoming a function of education rather than a source of stimulation for learning is to misinterpret the power and glory of the medium.
But Robert A. Armitage, president of the American Intellectual Property Law Association, contends that under the Rohrabacher legislation, "nobody would ever issue a patent until they were ready to bring an infringement lawsuit."
2 downtown express train comes to an unscheduled stop beneath Broadway, a little south of 66th Street.
We need to provide for land use that in turn provides for a well-planned growth rate."
Her grandfather, Robert R. Sr., founded Memphis's first black bank and was believed to be the first black millionaire in the South.
Moore even writes in "Care" that he apprenticed himself to Hillman, but it is not something that was ever spoken between them.
By Anita Brookner (Random House, $23.)
He has cultivated a network of Japanese contacts, pressed the Japanese to open their markets further and worked the scrambler phone ceaselessly to keep a channel open between Tokyo and policy makers in Washington.
But before all of that, he had made a vow.
Dishes are not restricted to the grill, witness a gently sauteed duck breast with a mellow port sauce studded with green peppercorns.
"He was writing in an area that I am very competent in, and that man's writing was just plain jargon," he said.
Recently, a maven of old-style talk, Jay Leno, appeared as an on-line guest, and recalling the experience, sounded underwhelemed.
This is a challenge to the city."
"The teen-age parents I knew were working at McDonald's," Ms. Palomino, now 22, said.
The bloodshed in Bihac put new strains on a Bosnia-wide cease-fire that started on Dec. 24 and on the overall four-month truce agreement signed Dec. 31 by Bosnian Serbs, the Muslim-led Government and Bosnian Croats.
She said all the tops were meant to "kiss" each other, the fronts of shirts and jackets just touching, with tiny hooks or tiny zippers holding them shut.
Speculation has been rampant on the identity of an eventual purchaser of Wells Fargo Nikko since April, when the venture's chief executive said it was "exploring an opportunity for sale."
Without the 1995 agreement, the seven-year balancing plan that begins in 1996 would have to be rewritten.
In addition, Mr. Saft said, the diplomat could be required to designate someone to accept service of process on his or her behalf, avoiding the problem having to find the diplomat personally to start a lawsuit.
For some reason, these disorienting thrills did not deter the children I saw from stuffing their little stomachs at the ubiquitous snack spots.
We can relate in modernist terms to his sense of formal rigor and his taste for the science of optics.
All three firms dealt with Capital Insight, whose president, Jay Goldinger, is believed to be shutting down the operation since the losses were publicized, according to people familiar with the firm.
Brown took a blow to the knee during the game, but was able to continue playing on it.
The Partnership was hired to entice the homeless from such locations with offers of food and shelter.
"It's hard for me or anybody in the company to conclude what parts they are really talking about," he said.
Classic tales respun to avoid offending current sensibilities.
WAY IS FOUND TO ERASE YEARBOOK BLOT The five white Greenwich High School seniors who encoded a racist message in their yearbook will take part in a summer civil rights program under an agreement with the Board of Education that will allow them to take their final exams and receive their diplomas.
-- Maria Cardwell, Tarrytown, N.Y. A. Paprika is a type of red pepper, one of the many delightful condiments derived from varieties of the plant known botanically as Capsicum annuum.
"He brought a chair out and some tools," Mr. Pierce said.
He did not pick it up quickly, so Espinoza hustled into second, an irksome way for Kamieniecki to leave the game.
Japan welcomed today's statement by the European Union, its officials said, as it amounted to support for its position against the United States in their increasingly heated trade dispute.
A "tyrant runs the system, not by means of conflict resolution and compromise, but by means of intimidation and control."
There's a genuine note of panic in her voice, though she had just said that now she's quite happy to go back to New Jersey -- to the white, upper-class world into which she was born -- after years of trying to escape.
A few hours later, a bomb in that van went off in the underground parking garage of the trade center, killing 6 people and injuring more than 1,000.
Randriantefy, whose Swiss sponsor is a hotelier with high hopes that his charge will, as the player herself puts it, "put Madagascar on the map," is a qualifier with lofty ambitions and an active publicity machine.
Those films followed a period in which Sidney Poitier had become the nation's first black movie star with crossover appeal.
She's got tactical speed, toughness, efficiency of motion, pedigree.
The sale includes the arena in Manhattan, the resident professional sports teams -- the Knicks and the Rangers -- and the MSG regional cable sports network.
Winner said that Mr. Bergman gave her some material for the articles, including the transcript of an interview with a lawyer for Pearl Jam, whom she said she had not interviewed herself.
Wednesday at 4 P.M. Free; registration required.
When she died 15 years later, in 1982, she was best known as a poverty-stricken recluse.
The only way the law knows is by looking at the facts -- all possible information."
A newspaper's travel pages, with their revelations that La Paz isn't in France or Camp David in Israel, are becoming hard news for Americans today.
Eventually, Glenn Wein lets the officers in on the secret: the brawlers are actors, the crowd is composed largely of audience members, and the "fight" is nothing more than a bit of raucous street theater, a scene from "Grandma Sylvia's Funeral" -- a play directed by Mr. Wein, which opened at the Playhouse on Vandam in October.
Owen will find himself caught between the arrogant rules of the British and the claustrophobic traditions of the Irish.
The controversy over the Olcott follows close on the heels of a similar protest against plans for a combination marketplace and restaurant -- Mr. Stringer called it a "Zabar's II" -- that is planned for the first floor of the Oliver Cromwell, across the street from the Olcott.
But it is doubtful that those matchups will generate the emotion of the quarterfinals.
This priceless quirk of climate, combined with the fickle northern light, make the region as affecting visually as the landscapes of Corot.
"I guess this is a sign that Argentina is changing."
That's what I spent the last two years doing, and that's what I want to spend the next 100 days and beyond doing."
The fair's planners took pains to create a world in Flushing Meadows of education pavilions and high culture, but the biggest attraction on the "serious side" of the fairgrounds was the Futurama, the General Motors exhibit (created by Norman Bel Geddes, who among other things was a Broadway set designer) where one took an imaginary plane ride over an America circa 1960.
And Mr. Kirch, who 40 years ago began trolling Los Angeles for the German and European rights to Hollywood films, now owns broadcasting rights to the largest library of movies and television programming in Europe.
Starre is a new partnership formed by Robert Siegel, president of Metropole Realty Advisors (which had owned 21 East 57th Street), and Michael Burke, the president of Louis Vuitton, N.A.
Then again, Lewis was always an outside linebacker and never played the middle until Sunday.
Three seasons ago, when Colin Campbell began coaching the Rangers' farm team in Binghamton, N.Y., he took his dog on the ice to teach his new players an old trick.
But Mr. Cammarata joined William C. Thompson Jr. of Brooklyn and the Mayor's two appointees -- Ninfa Segarra and Irene H. Impellizerri -- in reopening the search.
So, stolid, working-class Baltimore, just an hour's drive up the road, supplied one, a baseball player named Cal Ripken Jr. who embodies many of the virtues that voters seek in vain in their politicians and public officials.
Mr. Yang, 36, is the founder and president of Willowbridge Associates, a commodity trading advisory company in New York.
Then there's the electrified tablecloth ("designed to prevent crawling insect .
Vacancies typically have been rented out since then.
But what he heard was not quite what he expected.
Its weak coalition Government is jockeying for power with the Tutsi opposition and barely seems to function.
In Congress, the legislation has split California's two Democratic Senators, both of whom are Jewish.
In an organization that likes to precycle as well as recycle its executive talent, Mrs. Ostrander was a representative at news conferences during her two years as president-elect, testified at Congressional hearings during her two years as president and continued to speak out during her two years as "immediate past president," an official association position.
(AP) BRAZILIAN WINS FIRST TOUR TITLE: Unseeded Fernando Meligeni of Brazil, ranked 78th, won his first ATP Tour singles title, beating the sixth-seeded Christian Ruud, 6-4, 6-4, in the Swedish Open at Bastad.
I realized there was no place to find out.
Let's establish right here that despite such events, "Copycat" is far less exploitative than most other movies of its kind.
Walking past the houses today, where gardening is serious business, it's difficult to imagine this place as a legal battleground.
Such information can be used for odious or immoral purposes, but it can also be used to arouse the concern and compassion needed to cure misery.
The moated fortress is closed, and the strenuous hike up to it over rubble takes more than an hour each way, but the view shows the ancient city's layout in a way impossible to see while among the columns below.
A survey at one department store, Printemps Ginza, found that women expect their boyfriends to spend an average of $358 on a Christmas present for them, mostly for jewelry.
The average volatility for the index since 1945 is 25 percent in any given year, and only twice in the 12 years before 1992 was volatility less than 20 percent.
AT&T is expected to take a substantial charge against fourth-quarter earnings to cover the cost of the severance packages.
In January, Lucas Western Inc. paid $18.5 million in fines after pleading guilty to falsifying inspection records on gearboxes for F/A-18 Hornet fighter jets.
The struggling regional discount department store, which has been hurt by the expansion of national chains, also said it would not develop new stores in 1996.
Jazz 102, Rockets 100 John Stockton's drive with 2.4 seconds left gave Utah a 102-100 victory over Houston last night in the opener of their Western Conference playoff series in Salt Lake City.
That includes signing bonuses, which are prorated over the life of a contract, and the first-year salary.
The bank failed in 1991.
Mr. Gordon said after the hearing that he stood by the version of events in his affidavit.
But her call for calm was ignored.
American chip makers now control 43 percent of the $102 billion global market, compared with 40 percent for the Japanese.
"It felt like the state was always corrupt," he said.
He has played every day during a time when that means flying through three time zones among 14 cities, on surfaces ranging from dirt to pavement.
Diplomats say the President also retains enough clout to protect lucrative business ties, particularly in diamond mining.
No one will risk his or her political career to watch the schools deteriorate.
Potential buyers of mutual funds will get their first peeks in 30 to 60 days at an easier-to-understand offering prospectus, the document that details a mutual fund's risks and previous performance, Arthur Levitt Jr., chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, told an investment industry conference here today.
Midlevel players usually can't make it to the festival because it shuns midsize auditoriums, leaving the scrub teams performing free outdoors and old-timers performing at not particularly well-attended shows in the major halls.
Except in New York City, Department of Environmental Conservation offices have been receiving a flurry of complaints about dead squirrels from much of the eastern half of the state .
When necessary, such as when a house is vacant, she and her staff ask real estate brokers and neighbors to get housing data, Ms. Balaguer said.
"He made me pay the bill!"
In all, the 15 publicly traded concerns in the field have combined revenue of $5 billion to $6 billion.
And of course, anyone buying in a tax-deferred retirement account does not have to worry about short-term tax consequences.
General Powell, what about the specific role you see playing over the next 12 months in the Presidential .
General Rios Montt's main opponent, a former Mayor of Guatemala City, Alvaro Arzu, who is the candidate of the conservative Party for National Advancement, argues that supporters of democracy need not worry about the general's prospects.
Dieter Zander, 35, to design a new service, specifically for "baby busters," the under-30 crowd.
Last Friday, after a checkup, he was admitted to the hospital and missed last Saturday's game against Georgia Tech, the first game in 20 years he has missed as coach.
What can he recall about that first game at the Yale Bowl?
Monday through Friday, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Saturday and Sunday, 1 to 5 P.M. Route 206, Princeton.
Add hot pepper and garlic.
"These huge Medicare cuts are needed to pay for tax cuts for the rich," said Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia.
One of Malcolm X's daughters has been charged with buying clothing and luggage in a shopping spree with a stolen credit card, and prosecutors said today that they hoped for a plea bargain in the case.
MARS AND VENUS IN THE BEDROOM, by John Gray.
Between two bills before the chamber, there are four areas of dispute: how many new rules would be covered; how much they would affect existing rules; how drastically they would change the criteria in making regulatory decisions, and to what extent lawsuits could challenge regulations.
It is frightening that Dr. Chassin's former agency is ready to bury its arsenal of enforcement power, and leave New Yorkers prey to the new cutthroat health care marketplace.
The decision to hold the federation's governing assembly in Hungary, which was then ruled by a Communist dictatorship, was widely criticized, but by then Mr. Mau's brand of outreach was well established.
There'd been no systematic effort to map the entire Sound until about 10 years ago, when Mr. Lewis's project got underway.
"There is nothing like receiving a call from your professor saying, 'We want you, come back,' " Dr. Sexter said, adding that the teachers would offer career advice, academic counseling and referrals for problems like the loss of financial aid.
The Australian team said it suspected that the man became infected through sexual intercourse with a standard H.I.V.
Someone who answered the telephone at the restaurant yesterday said that Mr. Jackson was not there then and rarely came by.
But Mr. Perkins, the former chairman and chief executive of the Jewel Companies, a grocery store chain, has steadfastly stuck by Mr. Antonini.
Shareholders are becoming reluctant to take no for an answer.
"You don't have to be married to play those kinds of concerts," he said, "but it helps."
I had thought that after many journalists decided to ignore the world, politicians would, too.
"Sometimes, when you understand why you're doing things, it makes things worse," said a woman in her 40's who works in the art world and who refused to be identified.
The overwhelming victory of President Carlos Saul Menem in elections on Sunday was seen today as an endorsement of the free-market reforms that have slowed inflation andled to economic growth in Argentina.
Named Dan Lunde general manager; Lawrence Diener president; and Stevens Institute of Technology as its home arena.
Before Mr. Baez died, the department had recorded 11 complaints of abuse and brutality against Officer Livoti over an 11-year period.
They would schedule the weekends, arrange maid service, set minimal rules.
Chimpanzees, the closest relatives to human beings, are capable of brief bipedal walks, but their usual means of getting about on the ground is knuckle-walking -- standing on their hind legs but stooping forward, resting their hands on the knuckles rather than on the palms or fingers, which are adapted for climbing and grasping in the trees.
At the same time, the cases became more complex.
"It's just luck," said Mr.
"The Senate-passed product liability bill is a clear improvement on the extreme legal reform measures passed by the House," a statement issued by Mr. McCurry said.
He said that an analysis by a scientist from the University of Pennsylvania showed that the likelihood of the variations occurring by chance or by natural means was less than 1 in 100,000.
Laidlaw, a provider of transportation and waste-management services, said it would merge Careline with its Med Trans unit.
Such a system would probably result in narrower quote spreads in many stocks, at least during part of each market day.
Several Heat officials confirmed Riley was mentioned during telephone conversations in February between Arison and Dick Butera, a sports entrepreneur and close friend of Riley who said he was interested only in purchasing the Heat.
"I try to carry on his work by building up the natural fertility of the land through organic farming and afforestation.
The 52-year-old Prime Minister may indeed be fighting for his career, but the contest is a leadership election within his own Tory party, one that he brought about by resigning Thursday.
The majority leader, Bob Dole, said yesterday he would seek a floor vote on an amendment empowering Congress and the states "to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag."
He said "no changes are contemplated" at this moment but added, "That doesn't necessarily mean that won't change at the conclusion of the season."
"I've used a six-foot baobab.
"But if it lasts, we're in trouble."
Asked if she thought she was chosen because she is black, she said: "I've spent 50 years in education, and I don't want to be reduced to a skin color.
In the Doubleday version, the story ended with the disappearance of General Golubkov and the death of his wife, who was put in prison.
But critics, including the prison guards' union, say maximum-security inmates are typically disciplinary problems who spend the vast majority of their time in their cells.
He added, however, that he did not think the dismissal was related to the recent turmoil at the Saatchi & Saatchi Company, the agency's London-based parent.
But the decision had been widely expected.
I can't think without it."
Banc One made an unsolicited offer to buy Bank of Boston on Friday, disclosing yesterday that its real aim was to block the $4.2 billion merger proposed by Corestates.
Stanley F. Learned, former president and chief executive of the Phillips Petroleum Company, died on Saturday at his home in Charlotte, N.C.
"They gave us a permanent easement," Mr. Blake said.
Tuition and required fees total $5,133 a semester, putting the total price for the degree at more than $50,000.
Analysts think that many of the investors -- including Americans -- who hold the certificates will pull their money out of this country, leaving the banks even shorter on funds.
"We think by changing it, knocking out some of the dual Federal-state bureaucracy, we can expand it."
Music is turning out huge amounts of cash."
All week, the Japanese American Association of New York in midtown Manhattan has bustled with twice as many regular visitors, both Japanese and Japanese-Americans who came to talk about the earthquake.
The whole does not make for especially smooth reading.
Deciding to go natural, to wear braids or dreadlocks, comes after much introspection.
The initiative for bilateral air pacts came from the United States, Mr. Stadler said.
Others are fillers of varying interest, like an October piece on the connection between street crime and street grime.
By the end of the third year, 49 percent of those in the program were still on A.F.D.C., while 52 percent of those not in GAIN were still on A.F.D.C., according to the study.
The Maurers first met the unexpected on moving day, when a van stopped in front and 12 people climbed out.
(+) 4 232 THE SEVEN HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE, by Stephen R. Covey.
Morgan Freeman, who will be seen both in "Outbreak" and in a new Kopelson thriller, "Seven," with Brad Pitt, added with a laugh: "Arnold is really like a big, warm mother.
What is most disturbing about the Marcus siblings is their ferocious and unexamined sense of entitlement.
Joseph G. Keegan, a Jesuit priest and former chairman of the psychology department at Fordham University, died on Jan. 26 at the Jesuit Infirmary on the university's Rose Hill campus in the Bronx.
Around the corner from the Almshouses, Church Street leads to a charming Elizabethan house, Myrtle Grove, which was once Sir Walter Raleigh's Irish estate, its chimneyed gables visible above the town wall.
You get this layered understanding of history.
She was a perfect match for her husband, Nitto, a socially-prominent Renault auto dealer who was also the undisputed "godfather" of eastern Sicily.
"She doesn't speak Cantonese," my father said.
At auction, the new one-year bill was priced at an average rate of 6.02 percent, down from 6.06 percent last month.
Hood in Oregon that was and still is partly owned by the National Forest Service.
"For Daiwa, it is very humiliating to be downgraded to a second-rate regional bank.
(AP) SANTA CLARA 77, MICHIGAN STATE 71: Also at the Maui Invitational, Steve Nash scored 23 points, including four key free throws in the final 33 seconds, to lead Santa Clara to victory over Michigan State to capture third place in the tournament.
The Wildcats, who face road trips to Illinois and Purdue and home games against Penn State and Iowa, clinched their first winning season since 1971 with the 35-0 victory over Wisconsin.
But supporters of the bill feared attacks by its opponents if they did not back amendments like that one and a Republican leadership effort to bar the Government from urging the public to support its programs.
Also attractive are Robin Wagner's shadow box-like Paris sets and Willa Kim's period costumes.
A substantial number of Americans (as much as a third of the electorate, in some polls) are indeed alienated by a two-party system that tends to present only two options -- conservative Republican or liberal Democrat.
Earlier, they learned that Mark Price, their All-Star point guard, will undergo surgery tomorrow to have a screw placed through the broken navicular bone in his right wrist and will be out for six to eight weeks.
"There hasn't been a rational detention policy.
And they won't care what it costs, or how many games are played by replacement players.
The company is pressing sales of digital products as its major area of growth.
Mr. Aristide said that he himself would act as "the President of every citizen, every candidate, every political party, creating the space where we can meet together" and refrain from playing a partisan role.
Israel had argued that it was unfair to demand strict equality because it is smaller than Syria and would run out of withdrawal room far more quickly.
Some professors say that in the age of video games, fewer kids are treating their toys this way.
She is a director of recruitment and placement at Sony Music Entertainment Inc. in New York.
The largest previous permit for clearcutting involved 55 acres.
The security gate dealer was as overworked in the city as a brunch-time bagel slatherer.
"It's very frustrating," said Kathy Brieger, a nutritionist for Hudson Valley Migrant Health.
Ms. Campbell's appointment was announced at a White House ceremony in which Mr. Clinton also vowed to fight Republican efforts to scale back last year's crime bill.
But our summer season had been sold out.
Mr. Murphy set up a home page, or location, on the Worldwide Web (http://www.mcs.net/ bkmurph/ girvies.htm) on April 24.
Now, it is time to erase the blackboard and start from scratch."
THE FOUR DIAMONDS The Disney Channel, tomorrow at 8 P.M. Joe Byrne and Jeb Rosebrook, executive producers; Jean Higgins, producer; Todd Robinson, writer and co-producer; Peter Werner, director; Philip Marshall, composer; Corky Ehlers, editor; Neil Roach, director of photography; John DeCuir Jr., production designer.
'Crowded Intimacy' On Sept. 22, Monica Keena, a petite 16-year-old with ivory skin, dark hair and trusting blue eyes, will be going into production in Prague and holding her own as Snow White against Sigourney Weaver's evil stepmother in the movie "Snow White in the Black Forest."
From 1931 to 1954 he held the chair of theology and apologetics, which deals with the defense and proofs of Christianity, at Le Saulchoir.
"There are 500 carotenoids in food," he said.
George Pataki has given us a budget that cuts taxes for the rich at the expense of working New Yorkers.
validates the arts in America; it's the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval," said Ardis Krainik, general director of the Lyric Opera of Chicago, which is getting some $600,000 from the Government this year toward its $30 million operating budget.
In 1993, he appeared on Broadway in a limited engagement of "The Boys Choir of Harlem and Friends" and also took part in "Summer in Nagasaki," a peace concert in Japan.
"The system works," said Jason Cohen, an attorney for the authorities.
The company said its pretax profit before one-time items for the 53 weeks that ended on June 3 had slipped to $:115.3 million ($179 million) from $:124.8 million a year earlier.
Richard L. Coe, a longtime drama critic for The Washington Post, died at his home in Washington yesterday.
What of the "high treason" you write about?
Today, 4 to 7 P.M. JESSE McKINLEY
"This was big for Todd," said his coach, Richard Callaghan.
These decisions are best left to the woman in consultation with her physician, family and religious beliefs.
David Nash, who heads Sotheby's department of Impressionist and modern art worldwide, said he expected the painting to sell for around $4.7 million; that is the price fetched by another Toulouse-Lautrec, "Dancer Adjusting Her Tights (Her First Pair of Tights)" (1890), at Christie's in New York in November.
It also faulted the Westchester County District Attorney's office for doing little "to mitigate the errors and omissions of the police."
There is swimming, riflery, archery, sailing, canoeing, hiking, basketball, tennis and horseback riding (unless the child is allergic).
France has conducted four tests at a remote South Pacific atoll since September, when it broke a three-year moratorium.
He, too, had attended Franklin, which serves the predominantly black and poor neighborhood of North Central Philadelphia in the shadow of City Hall.
We are talking about, at least, several thousand men."
The Great Depression had finally caught up with us.
And in the talks between the U.S. and Russia, the Clinton Administration is being all too conciliatory.
He urges a revolution in which factories would be destroyed, technical books burned and leaders overthrown.
But this year the United States Tennis Association moved the nonprofit group to the "Passarelle," the boardwalk that runs from the IRT subway station at Willets Point/Shea Stadium to the tennis center.
The chance to star in a high-profile film and act alongside a roster of British film and theater heavyweights left Ms. Winslet almost as breathless as her character.
But a majority also believed the free market offered them a better chance to improve their living standards.
In the restaurant prices range from $16 to $43.75 for a main course.
Prices of Treasury securities were mixed yesterday as a Government report on consumer prices matched market expectations.
Tenneco to Move to Connecticut Tenneco plans to shift its headquarters to Greenwich, Conn., from Houston, by the middle of next summer.
According to notes Mr. Snyder took before the trial, Mr. Ellison said he attended a meeting of extremist groups in Hayden Lake in July 1983 and told them of the death of Gordon Kahl, a member of yet another right-wing group, the Posse Comitatus.
As the days tick away with no survivors, the grim wait for news from inside the shattered Federal Building here has become the hardest part of an extraordinary vigil.
Pete Stoyanovich just missed, wide right.
"Posting up Patrick or Mase would get us a very comfortable shot out on court."
But he and his advisers quickly concluded that they would alienate many blacks, Hispanic Americans and women if they pulled back too far in their support for affirmative action.
The patterns of perky flowers on the clay floor tiles were mechanically applied to the surfaces and finished with industrial-strength glazes.
This television market is the nation's 39th largest, as measured by the A. C. Nielsen Company.
As we have noted before, Congress would not be "intervening" by removing the exemption.
"If they are comfortable, why keep searching?"
Asked outright whether he supported Mr. Domenici's no-tax-cut-now stance, he said drily, "I haven't talked to Mr. Domenici about that."
The Economy Orange County's former treasurer said Merrill Lynch was to blame for the strategy that led to the county's $2 billion loss.
The two are very similar.
This time Godzilla is really going down for the count.
Army (3-4-1), which rarely has turned the ball over this season, committed four turnovers.
So long as the price remains on the screen, no trades could be executed at $20.25 or higher.
Titan Holdings Inc., San Antonio, 2.3 million shares.
I'm fishing all day, I'm fishing all night.
Her 6-year-old son, Simeon, is being raised by his grandmother and great-grandmother in Kiev.
The heirs of Fritz Nathan, a Zurich dealer, were selling a van Gogh portrait, "Young Man in a Cap" (1888), a striking painting of a peasant posed against an acid-yellow background.
It took him eight days, but he was able to decode a single encoded Netscape message.
It only bothers him when he throws baseballs.
For one thing, volume on the New York Stock Exchange surged to 362.7 million shares yesterday, more than the 352 million shares on Thursday, when traders were rushing for the exits.
The cause was cancer, his family said.
Dramatis personae: Middle-aged, horn-rimmed, suburban type and his two cronies, seated on a bench; and Christopher P. Ciresi of Brooklyn Heights, seated across the way.
Underneath the insecurities and vocal disjointedness, Ms. LuPone conveys a touching bravery.
We removed our heavy leaders and replaced them with long and more delicate ones, more suited to the timorous stripers.
the tennis world should see the light.
Cordis is a leading maker of angioplasty devices, widely used to unblock clogged arteries.
But Dr. Rebecca D. Elon, medical director of the Johns Hopkins Geriatrics Center in Baltimore, said: "If the Federal Government dismantles Medicaid some states will drastically reduce the amount of money nursing homes get for each day of care.
"My version is that it was the Republicans this afternoon who got up and walked out of the room."
"He loved being town crier," a daughter, Eleanor Wilke, said yesterday, recalling that her father broke into the crying business when the Mayor of Mariemont, asked him to fill in when the town crier got sick.
The decision caused prices to fall sharply on the Tokyo stock market, where traders had been expecting the discount rate to be cut.
The judge referred to the scheduled start of the season Sunday night.
Earlier, the Senate majority leader, Bob Dole, had offered to drop the restrictions from the debt ceiling bill if Mr. Clinton would agree to the Republican timetable of seven years for a balanced budget.
Even though parents assume delayed entry will save children from later failure, Ms. Graue said she had interviewed children who were unhappy about not being with classmates their own age.
The official number of Russian casualties in Gudermes also grew today, with the Russian Interior Ministry saying the mutilated bodies of 32 soldiers earlier registered as missing in action had been found in the city.
One of the victims was Boggs, who was tagged out after wandering off third base when he expected a double-play throw to first.
MIDWESTERN STATE -- Announced the resignation of Mike Calcote, football coach.
We've graded this on the frames of films.
We perceive them as tautologies, whatever the role.
"In drama school, we thought of the Comedie-Francaise as behind the times," the 26-year-old actress and new pensionnaire said.
No one knew Geneva Dickerson, 16, was pregnant.
I'm expecting my third no less nervously than I expected the first two.
Italy has the highest rate in Europe of addicts enjoying the "enduring appeal" of heroin.
These bulbs will have the biggest robust blooms next spring.
As a composer, Mr. Slonimsky wrote (in his own Baker entry) that he "cultivated miniature forms, usually with a gimmick."
Work that is rawer, rangier and more adventurous is being shown in the Fourth New York Video Festival, which continues through Saturday at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center.
"I watched the tape on their winning goal, and it was such a lucky goal because three guys made a mistake."
The vaccine became available to the public in February.
Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra and Strauss's "Heldenleben," which shared the Sunday program, were similarly revealing.
Issues typically contain a Vietnam war hero story, a political column called "Slick Willie Watch" and several stories of Americans participating in overseas conflicts.
The one for deserts contains a cactus, sand, a book on the folk tales of Pueblo Indians, camel fur and golf balls.
To accommodate the reality of ethnic bonds, legislatures have long drawn voting districts along ethnic lines.
The next week is spent traveling through the Atlas Mountains and villages along the edge of the Sahara, with stops at the resort of Ifrane; the oasis of Tinerhir; Ouarzazate, an old French Foreign Legion outpost and Taliouine, the saffron capital of Morocco.
The partner, Officer Michael Walsh, who faced some of the most serious charges of any officer in the 30th Precinct, agreed last year to provide investigators with evidence against his former colleagues and pleaded guilty in Federal court to distributing cocaine, conducting illegal searches and seizures, and evading taxes.
The farm is nestled in a quiet neighborhood just off of Route 206, within cowbell range of a church, two schools, a few corporate campuses and houses.
"We have got to be physical.
Because I'm not sure I know how to pastor men.
But that morning I decided he'd start.
"There is not one of us that wants to jeopardize the viability of pension funds," Mr. Archer said at a brief news conference.
Nonetheless, the trend and the current dispute are certain to provide ideological ammunition to the Serbs, who have always asserted that they have been fighting "Islamic fundamentalism" in Bosnia, even though the society was largely secular before the war.
Realistically, to try would be akin to explaining how the New York Mets got 10 licks in over the course of 27 decisions against Mr. Maddux, (something the Rockies would like to know going into their series against the perennial Cy Young Award winner tonight).
A19 Questions of who knew what about the former House historian.
Asked by the Yankees on a questionnaire to detail his greatest thrill, Wright wrote, "Hitting the long ball!"
The protests in the last two weeks have pitted the settlers against police officers and soldiers who evicted them, but in recent days Palestinians have also taken to the hills to confront the settlers and stake claims to the land.
Hingis checked out of the Open in the fourth round, losing to Sabatini by 6-2, 6-4.
Atmosphere: Everybody in this chic, cozy, crowded room looks like a graduate of a private school.
No popularity, no future, no political strategy.
's El Paso intelligence center, said one Mexican sales organization that started in California is now distributing the drug in 25 states, including New York and Florida.
A plaque on one wall says: "War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things.
A humorist explains the strange ways of a species of males called "guys."
It was not a pleasant experience.
Several university employees with access to the president say that Mr. Diamandopoulos is often trailed by a bodyguard.
Whether we get it done is another thing."
One of the best qualities of these native plants is their immunity in many cases to diseases that often plague higher bred plants.
He comes to play every night, every game.
Complicating the overhaul process is the refusal of Congress to allow the F.A.A.
Hubert Davis rebounded, and he was fouled with 8.4 seconds left.
The people interviewed for "Coming of Age," though diverse in their life histories, are an inordinately like-minded crowd, and the language spoken here is pure Terkel: the voice of the embattled old liberal shaking his stick at the 20th century.
In it, Brooks supported Giants Coach Dan Reeves and blasted General Manager George Young.
People threaten to picket it, a local minister calls to discuss moral matters and the Town Supervisor, Constance Smith, laments the loss of a "run of the mill" deli in the local paper.
In fact, a majority of the artworks sold below their estimates or right at the low end.
That November, Mr. Carrillo narrowly escaped from gunmen apparently sent by Mr. Garcia Abrego to kill him at a seafood restaurant in Mexico City.
The American Stock Exchange delayed the opening of equity trading yesterday because of a computer malfunction, an exchange spokeswoman said.
KEY ADDITIONS The new pitchers could carry the Cardinals a long way, perhaps receiving help from Donovan Osborne, who couldn't pitch all last season.
Turning to another matter, Bettman said that if the N.H.L.
The blood on Anthony Gordon's boots when he was arrested Friday for trying to use a stolen credit card in Queens was evidence, the police said last night, of his role in a string of far more serious crimes: a seven-week robbery spree in which the victims, many of them elderly, were savagely beaten.
At other times, witnessing to Christ means challenging that culture, especially when the truth about the human person is under assault.
Tony Kuo, who came to Argentina 22 years ago and owns a retailing shop, said that while his ethnic heritage is important to him and that he sends his children to a Korean school on the weekends, he is proud to be an Argentine citizen.
This is a task for Congress and the President.
"I didn't need an executive producer," the blunt Mr. Volpe said in an interview.
In a military campaign that has lasted barely four months, a new force of professed Islamic purists and Afghan patriots known as the Taliban, many of whom were religious students until they took up arms last fall, has taken control of more than 40 percent of the country.
All New Jersey needed to complete its road trifecta was a victory Saturday night against Washington, the Eastern Conference's worst team.
We checked and cross-checked that.
The farm economy had been depressed and that attitude, it gets a little bit contagious.
The owner of a Queens clothing store was convicted of arson by a Federal court jury in Brooklyn yesterday in a fire that killed a highly decorated firefighter.
A glossary is included in every report because, Dr. Novick said, "I felt a glossary is necessary in order to put medical language into layman's terms."
But he's one of a new breed of furniture maker, not a colonial craftsman who learned his skill in his father's workshop.
"I sweated a lot today," Conway said.
The Constitution of the United States was not adopted until 1789, well after the naming of Constitution Island.
To the Editor: "Bad Bargain for Children" (editorial, March 21) makes important points about how the removal of minimal protections will hurt children already harmed by abuse.
But before the meeting started, he was told that he had been dismissed.
Opening hours are from 9 A.M. to 6 P.M. daily, but from July 1 to Sept. 10 the park closes at midnight to include a nightly laser show.
The clubs submitted salaries of $1 million or more for 27 players, or 69 percent.
But this economic argument was by no means the sole reason for the success of the measure.
"It's sends out a good message about this club that they did what they had to do to get him in here," said Bobby Bonilla, who also spoke to Franco Tuesday about his decision.
The highlight of the festival, a benefit for the United States Tibet Committee, was the soaring pop of Dadon, a top-selling Tibetan singer whose real name is Dawa Dolma.
Ms. Walker, 37, is a vice president at the Children's Television Workshop and served as a producer for National Public Radio and Carnegie Hall.
The Community Preservation Corporation, a bank consortium that supports moderate-income housing, financed the project and helped select contractors.
He insisted on not being identified because he moonlights as an unauthorized taxicab driver to earn dollars to supplement a salary that is the equivalent of $10 a month.
This first novel compares life to a circus: both tend to include tightropes and disappearing acts.
The authorities also confiscated gas masks, chemical protective body suits and other gear.
Mr. McCaw had high bids on seven different licenses today, totaling $478.9 million.
WAGES for medical secretaries in Jacksonville, when there's a job available, start at about $6.50 an hour -- not enough, Ms. Talbot thinks, to put her on her feet.
Under the bay window, symmetrical and calm, is the sofa on which we are sitting.
For their part, Ecomog officials said that they have never been officially informed of any killings in Yosi, or of the need for an escort.
The First Circuit Court drew a distinction between the ordinary computer program and the "user interface" at issue in this case, which one of the appeals judges, Michael Boudin, analogized to the familiar QWERTY layout on a typewriter keyboard.
The Manhattan Borough President, Ruth Messinger, said the box used to first report the fire was one scheduled to be disconnected under a pilot program in which one-fourth of the city's fire boxes are to be shut down.
Puerto Rico is offering up to $100 million in financing to build homes for officers and their families.
A spokeswoman for J. P. Morgan & Company -- which is advising Mexico on its financing strategy and which arranged yesterday's meetings -- said the 70 or 80 Wall Street financiers who attended yesterday's meeting represented those with substantial Mexican investments.
But the Rams, who got off to a remarkable 5-1 start, are a real long shot.
Mr. Mitchell said that the most likely scenario for a fee reduction involves a property priced at more than $1 million.
If lone spinsters could survive respectably as governesses or seamstresses, they were, nevertheless, often exploited by their employers.
"When I got married," she said, "I thought that was the one place in my life that I didn't need to fight.
SPARKS GREW UP IN THE OIL TOWN OF TAFT, Calif., 30 miles from Bakersfield.
To use the machine, a breeder might place half a drop of stallion semen in a tube, which is inserted into the machine.
Those taking part in the diet program met recently to review their progress before many of them were to leave on vacation.
Crew had been instrumental in raising test scores, soothing relations with the teachers' union and developing a family involvement center that trains parents to help children.
In addition to cutting after-school programs, the Mayor's proposed cuts would eliminate Youthline, a crisis-intervention program; Youthlink, a drug prevention program, and a citywide athletic program.
When Maxwell died in 1991, at 68, falling overboard from his yacht, his holdings were vast, including The Daily News in New York and Macmillan Publishing, and the rush of questions was immediate.
"Hyenas" inflects the drama with an edge of carnival humor.
Market surveys here indicate that over the next four to five years about 1.5 million Canadian television households, out of 10 million, will sign up for D.B.S.
For the mostly women's team on Mighty Mary, it was a well-kept secret.
Tickets, $50, or $25 and $15 for the concert alone, at the door.
So they emphasize Cane's eerie power of prophecy and the fact that Cane's writing "has been known to have an effect on his less stable readers."
Readers who enjoyed those books, which is to say readers who have no taste for irony or wit, grace or lightness of touch, should of course seize the new one, which pushes self-conscious glumness farther into entropy than any novel I can remember.
It says, 'Look at me!'
Gratton was bumped by Marty McInnis behind the Islander net as they chased the puck.
His 1988 "Milkstone" in the back room is just that: milk on marble.
Coleman hit two free throws with 25.4 seconds remaining to sort of seal the victory and the Nets (27-41) swallowed the Heat defensively on its final two possessions to take over the final playoff spot.
But as demonstrated by Mark Lamos's production at the Hartford Stage Company, in an illuminating adaptation by Tony Kushner, this can indeed be the stuff of supremely affecting drama.
The scalding, which occurred in February, was not disclosed until this month when reporters asked about the incident.
"There has been a dramatic loss of public support for the income tax," said Michael J. Graetz, a professor at Yale Law School and former Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary for tax policy in the Bush Administration.
Citicorp reported sharply higher earnings five days early in an effort to show that its fourth quarter had not been hurt by the turmoil in Mexico.
The city has stepped up patrols and is monitoring groups of youths, he said.
That Mr. Uno already used this title meant that Mr. Goodman and Mr. Miyazawa could not, which is a shame, because they have so effectively used the idea of Japanese anti-Semitism as a vehicle for examining the broader and more troubling question of Japanese xenophobia.
"Consumers aren't afraid to collect videos in pretty significant numbers," said Andrew Kairey, a senior executive vice president of MCA/Universal Home Video, a unit of the Seagram Company.
But cascading schedule alterations had their impact, and by cruise line estimates, 25,500 passengers' vacation plans were disrupted.
"Lust" was directed by Denis Leary, who also stars in it as a security guard with a snappish wife, screaming children and fantasies about a beautiful neighbor.
Considering that she has become, through no effort of her own, a darling of academics and has inspired reams of arcane post-modernist criticism, it's also pleasing to discover how plain-spoken, unpretentious and down-to-earth she is.
The prominence of the Steelers' defense this season may have overshadowed the fact that they finished with the best rushing attack in the N.F.L.
Undergraduates dressed as soldiers of the American Revolution will be the birthday cake bearers, and "I will be the factotum," Dr. Iselin said the other day, adding, "I will try to be steady as I slice the cake."
The city decided to replace the Shoup machines in 1985 after a rash of breakdowns led to accusations of vote rigging.
One provision is part of the Federal sentencing guidelines, permitting a prosecutor to ask a judge to reduce a sentence that the guidelines -- which take account of a defendant's criminal history and circumstances of the crime -- would otherwise impose.
Kathy Moran, who left her house in Pennington at 7:30 A.M. to make sure she was well situated, tried working a crossword-puzzle book with a pen that the rain turned into disappearing ink.
About 15 United Nations staff members were trapped inside their compound today when Somali employees barricaded the entrance in a protest over pay, a United Nations military spokesman said.
International Hockey League CINCINNATI CYCLONES -- Sent Mike Dagenais, defenseman, on loan to Birmingham of the ECHL.
There is no indication that Wyatt did anything but make a tough call in a tough situation, as referees from Dave Barry (in the 1927 Dempsey-Tunney long count) and Richard Steele (in the 1990 Julio Cesar Chavez-Meldrick Taylor fight) were to do years later.
The investigation has resulted in 30 arrests thus far, and 24 of the defendants have pleaded guilty to various Federal charges.
What do you know about the problem?
Still, Kevin Lumpkin, a 34-year-old black ironworker, ran twice on his own for Local 401's executive board, and the first time, in 1987, he lost by only 24 votes.
And together with O'Bannon and Dollar, he helped the Bruins prove there could be life after Edney, after all.
range "I was not going for the big serve today," Korda said.
Buttinger Center, 31 Titus Mill Road, Hopewell Township.
"There was a violation of the law here -- there can be no dispute," Mr. Harrington said in an interview.
Bear Stearns recommended last week that investors buy Hershey Foods stock partly on the prospect that Federal price supports for sugar and peanuts would be gradually eliminated and that the company would keep at least part of the difference as extra profits.
However, he refused to elaborate.
The Daily Mail reported yesterday that both the Prince and Princess of Wales very much wanted William go to Eton but that they wanted him to be admitted on his own academic merits.
Mr. Kinsley's talks with Microsoft began at his initiative.
He blames economic disparities and the pressures of the holiday season, and over all, finds New York to be a "peaceful," rather efficient place.
They wound up with 44 for the game.
The Mayor, in a news conference, mentioned Mr. Sharpton by name, saying that he does not live in Harlem.
Maya decided she wanted to turn her life around when she saw her friends getting into trouble with the law.
If you've spent enough time with people and they're strong enough and you know what they're going to do, you can pretty much sit back and let them run with it."
If a loss is going to bring back the negative, then that's not good."
I'm not taking this detachment to sea.'
A senior European Union official in Brussels said he doubted the Europeans would go along with further sanctions on Libya as its oil may be difficult to replace without significant economic disruption.
But Derick B. Hopkins, a 240-pound guard who is 6 feet 3 inches tall and was one of those arrested, told the police: "They were whipped because they did wrong.
In the study, researchers exposed the spinal cords of 30 beagle hounds and tightly compressed them with bands of nylon cable for different periods of time.
The charge came a day after the Turnpike Authority filed a similar complaint against the union.
When Mr. Yeltsin told reporters on Thursday that he had used his presidential "black box" to track the Norwegian rocket -- an incident his Government had already acknowledged it misread -- the remark fed speculation about the state of the President's health.
Dubinsky did not attend Hillman's funeral, leading to rumors that undoubtedly were the source of that paragraph.
She also writes on a broad spectrum of topics, from love to religion to animals.
We're told, for example, that we use 10 percent of our brain power, that 10 percent of men are homosexuals and that 10 percent of us consume 90 percent of something or other.
They apparently lived on food produced by algae within their bodies or by filtering food from the sea.
Last week, Carrie Fisher played herself in "Ellen," a show on which her half-sister, Joely Fisher, plays Ellen Degeneres's best friend.
Among the biggest decliners was Sbarro Inc., a chain of Italian restaurants, which fell 5 1/8, to 20 5/8.
Berkeley can afford to be choosy; it attracts more applicants with perfect 4.0 high school grade-point averages than it has slots in its freshman class.
It was time for carols.
Abby P. fondly remembers growing up on Bainbridge Street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, running up to her father's car to ask him for money or rushing to the corner where her mother worked as a crossing guard at P.S.
Pig parts are the street food of choice.
His 50-page evaluation cited "serious shortcomings" in I.R.S.
Mr. Abel joined Longines in 1936 as a sales representative.
But he did not expect such a restoration to happen soon.
"Working with your peers helped a lot," said Mr. Painchaud, adding that he believed that the course already had benefited him in his outside job as the sales manager at a Westport store that sells sailboats and sailing accessories.
The day his son was killed was the worst nightmare of his life, he said.
American commodities fetch a high premium in any crude bartering transaction or sophisticated trade system.
When San Jiu executives hired Dae last year, he added, they already "had their minds made up when they came to us: 'We want Times Square.'
IN the age of the Internet and the World Wide Web, when terms like the information superhighway are almost as passe as information explosion, one venerable source of information just keeps going and going: the public library.
"Yellows and creams and buffs, like Mrs. Oakley Fisher and Buff Beauty."
"I thought Whittle was going to march down Gay Street and meet up with Old City, rejuvenating the downtown.
INSIDE PITCH From Maris and Mantle to Mattingly and even McDowell, today ended a 34-season spring training run here in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., with the club set to move across the state to Tampa next season.
But the director's work has also been criticized for being more flashy than substantive.
Northeast said yesterday that regulations on interstate trading of pollution rights had not yet been written.
To do so would reverse a 15-year policy that industry executives say was crucial to the birth of commercial biotechnology.
Scampering through "Pocahontas" to sunny effect are the usual troupe of anthropomorphic critters, this time including a mischievous raccoon, a hummingbird and a wonderfully overindulged English pug named Percy.
Household-products companies declined, starting with Colgate-Palmolive, which said that its second-quarter profits would drop below analysts' projections.
The Muslims have focused their tinkering with history on the argument that Bosnia is a millennial state.
"What goes down does come up."
His profit was $1.9 million.
ZIMMERLI ART MUSEUM "The Original Print: Then and Now," a talk on authenticity in print production.
Divers can venture through tunnels and rifts, starting in the shallows, and move down and out to spectacular stretches of wall diving.
Asked if business concerns, including pressure for profits, had an effect on her decision, Ms. Overholser said she had often spoken publicly during her six-and-a-half-year tenure "about being frustrated that American newsrooms are under such business pressure."
"I'm like the Pied Piper," he said.
Old works were revered, but new works were the primary currency of musical life, just as new books are the primary currency of literary life today.
"It's a happy day," said Whittaker's 77-year-old granddaughter, Cecil Whittaker Pequette of Los Angeles, a retired schoolteacher.
If the negotiations had broken down, they would have been reinstated.
"Never say never, but it makes the odds really against us," Bowden said.
head coach, much less the head coach of the reigning Stanley Cup champions.
The calm reflected the fact that not much of consequence will change along a border that had been quiet for decades despite the state of war that prevailed for 46 years until 1994.
"Investor psychology is that they believe monetary authorities are intent on restraining inflation," a commodities analyst for Paine Webber Inc. in New York, Bernard Savaiko, said.
He said his thinking has changed radically since he arrived at Franklin 25 years ago.
"I'm meeting up with another technician here," he had said earlier as he sat in his truck.
They are whipsawed by the market, selling only when their stocks or funds are down.
Placed Pervis Ellison, forward, on the injured list.
It was set up by a pass from Adam Graves, who won a battle for the puck in the right-wing corner from Richard Smehlik.
Visitors may find the islands friendlier than ever.
Having found a client with his signature collection for his combination of whimsy and inventive cut, he cast his net wider this season, introducing a lower-priced licensed line of sportswear pieces called Shirt Tales.
It concerns the capriciousness of loyalty, the price of glory, the arbitrariness and pathology of power, the need to make war.
"A lot of Yankee fans come here from upstate," he said.
You are talking to a friend when suddenly you cannot remember the name of something.
Watch, dedicated to eliminating what he views as U.S.-sponsored violations of the civil rights of Salvadorans and South Americans.
Hoechst issued a statement yesterday repeating that the company had examined its manufacturing plant and truck tankers and "has found nothing to indicate that the company's products or processes could have contributed to the problem that Philip Morris has reported."
Place half of the shrimp in each bowl and toss with the marinade.
B9 A blood screening test that excluded a million donors may end.
They are not merely delegates appointed by separate, sovereign states; they occupy offices that are integral and essential components of a single national Government.
Administration officials said that in recent days Mr. Clinton and Mr. Gore were exhorting Cabinet members to prepare lists of tasks that the Government should drop.
Lindy's restaurant, with its coterie of male hustlers, was known as much for quick pickups as for short-order cooking.
"The only thing we didn't like about it was that we couldn't choose our doctors," Mrs. Golden said.
The first, beside the Hanko road, is the tiny stone church of Lohja.
"Little Susie" uses a tinkling, music-box waltz (something like "Sunrise, Sunset" from "Fiddler on the Roof") to tell the story of a murdered child, as Jackson details "the blood in her hair," in a deliberately gruesome lullaby.
Armon Gilliam waded through his mail yesterday as if he were in high school again and the recruiters were after him.
It opened that year less than $5 a share and closed yesterday at $36.50, down 50 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
"MAPS, COLLECT POND AND THE AFRICAN BURIAL GROUND," New-York Historical Society, 2 West 77th Street, Manhattan.
With old friends, viewers are in a safe place, at least for a couple of harmless hours.
There are 2,500 species of plants in the Sonoran Desert, half of which are annuals, and every one of those species has different exact requirements.
He paid $48,308 in mortgage interest and property taxes last year on the first three of those properties, according to his 1994 tax returns.
The groups were told that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was putting as much effort into investigating whether a national conspiracy was behind recent attacks on clinics as it put into its investigation of the Ku Klux Klan, said a senior department official who attended the meeting.
In "Generations," Mr. Howe and Mr. Strauss theorize that baby boomers, many of whom indulged their every hedonistic whim when young, want their own children to embrace different values -- namely teamwork, discipline and group loyalty.
Mr. Zelin declined to elaborate on what his client's personal problems were and said that Mr. Drinkwine could not remember many details of "the irregularities" that occurred.
He also earned degrees from Oxford University in 1927 and 1954.
L. L. COOL J.: 'MR.
"We don't want to come up short after it's gone to a town meeting," he said, "and have to go back for more."
On cross-examination, Robert L. Shapiro, one of Mr. Simpson's lawyers, questioned Ms. Crawford about whether Mr. Goldman and Mrs. Simpson were affectionate on the night of the killings, apparently trying to make the case that they were more than friends.
But as she sees it, she simply has no choice.
PRINCE NASEEM HAMED of Britain could fight the unbeaten Mexican MARCO ANTONIO BARRERAS for the W.B.O.
"What alternative do you have around the Met, afternoon tea at the Stanhope?"
A1 NEW LEADERS FOR LABOR?
"At what point in the income stream do the investors get paid back on their investment?"
But Mr. Dinkins suggested it is more likely that some in the press corps are treading lightly because they fear mayoral retaliation.
Illinois 96, Missouri 85 Jerry Hester hit two 3-pointers in overtime and Kiwane Garris scored 23 points as No.
As a result, the commission set up to put monitoring operations in place and hire inspectors under one of the toughest control systems in any international treaty "is very quickly losing steam," said H. Martin Lancaster.
Now the United States Trust Company in New York, whose clients range from the super-wealthy to the somewhat affluent, has created a fund that requires a more modest commitment.
But when the commander got there, United Nations officials said, the Croatian Government troops in the so-called zone of separation bluntly told him he had no business interfering.
He is a son of Dr. Ursula M. Brown and Dr. James M. Brown of Cedar Grove, N.J.
"You couldn't give it away."
Those without tickets, officials said, will be turned away by hundreds of city police officers and Disney security personnel.
In both places you will be arriving in one of the rainiest months of the year.
Ms. Lange was helpful in producing the good days.
A globetrotter (William Hurt) on a scientific mission is chased through 15 cities by an assortment of characters in Wim Wenders's film.
The formation of the network, uniting agencies with about 300 employees, is indicative of efforts by giants like Saatchi & Saatchi to specialize in marketing communications services as clients increase spending in realms outside traditional consumer advertising.
To the surprise of no one in book publishing, the No.
The report said the spread of AIDS was shifting rapidly to drug users from an early concentration among gay men.
Similar doubts hang over numerous Federally financed projects and programs in Modesto and Stanislaus County, of which Modesto is the hub.
Administrator, David R. Hinson, threw out much of a partly completed Advanced Automation System, the main overhaul for the air traffic control system, on which $2.3 billion had been spent, saying it was behind schedule and over budget.
Then it voted to charge higher fees to the banks and other lenders who will profit from the elimination of their competition.
One can always get directions or other assistance.
The delivery occurred under a rhododendron brush.
"It was a manifestation of God's love, forgiveness and healing which I will never forget," he said.
Besides the city-owned land, there are two privately owned parcels: 25 acres owned by the Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of New York and 7 acres belonging to Triangle.
In contrast, some 200,000 Japanese died in the battle.
Gary Titus wanted to see the brown loafers at Bruno Magli.
Western officials and some Chinese said today that Mr. Wu's risky enterprise made his arrest somewhat predictable.
"In doing so, he's made it a much more effective agency."
During a meeting with reporters, Mr. Golden strongly denied any rift between him and the chief of staff.
The struggle becomes a focus, a mind-set, a way of life.
Some cults play on the elderly's fears of mortality, promising eternal life, as in People Forever International Inc., based in Scottsdale, Ariz., Dr. Singer said.
Mr. Jackson said that Mr. Dangler had been dismissed as part of a reorganization and that his allegations of wrongdoing were investigated and found to be groundless.
The raids took place just about every week, he said, leaving scores of workers hiding in their apartments and rows of driverless delivery trucks along the main thoroughfare of Ferry Street.
That could not be done, he said, because the court-appointed trustee, Alan Cohen, presented Mr. Hall's company as a "pre-cleared" candidate.
The Japanese city of Kobe struggled to get back to work yesterday, a week after a devastating earthquake, but there were fears that the economy in some of the hardest-hit areas would be permanently scarred.
Osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of bone that afflicts about 25 million Americans, most of them elderly and 80 percent of whom are women, according to the National Osteoporosis Foundation.
With digital simultaneous voice and data, they can talk at the same time instead of working blind."
But the Gingrich use seemed to trigger a proliferation of usages.
The company's stock price, which fell 5.6 percent on Thursday, plunged 10.3 percent today after the company reported the fires and said that its revenues would be "significantly below" expectations for its fourth quarter.
When asked for an example, Hart noted that Belle hasn't thrown a ball at a fan in several years.
Zanette's first victory as a professional came after a 62-mile breakaway.
Instead, he preferred to paint in a series that he could refer to as he went along.
It is both an affirmation of the future of couture and a vote for unpredictable, whimsical creativity in fashion.
Earlier this summer, Apple switched abruptly to P.C.I.
Ms. Ward, who literally seems to grow old and then young again in seconds, and Ms. Baker, who finds muted shades of sorrow in Lena's stoicism, are both excellent.
Kevin J. Lawrie, a foreign exchange manager at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh, said that the intervention was successful because traders were partly taken by surprise and quickly joined the Federal Reserve in buying dollars.
Most striking about Mr. Schmoke's campaign is that support from white voters is so thin that for the first time he has geared his campaign to blacks.
This breadth of taste may be the most important thing he brings to the Whitney, since the last biennial, in 1993, was one of the museum's most embarrassing critical disasters.
Inside the railroad terminal is a small exhibition on New Jersey railroad history, which will probably interest you more than it will your children.
IT appears that the Croatian writer Dubravka Ugresic did not enjoy the semester she recently spent teaching at Wesleyan University.
"They're doing so well, it's like they are paying me $40 a foot," he said.
And gifts totaling $54,018 from 10 Wall Street firms, not all of which have appeared in the daily tally, further strengthened the fund.
On the diagramed deal, played at the Culbertson Club, Walsey sat South and climbed to six hearts.
Mr. Bronfman, who is 40, and Mr. Meyer, who is 50, have assumed control of MCA.
The ranking woman among the prep school students, Kimberly A. Taft, 18, of Bacliff, Tex., the battalion executive officer, said women "more than hold their own and have distinguished themselves in the classroom, on the athletic field and in military training."
Forty-eight years of occupation have not crushed the spirit of a noble people committed to the right of self-determination, committed to the ideals of the United Nations, placing their hopes on the United Nations pledge to hold a plebiscite to determine their future.
Stoudamire was kept out of last Saturday's season finale against Arizona State.
The Bronx-born brothers' exploits have been widely documented over the years in newspaper and magazine articles now yellowed with age.
In the last few days, protests at Efrat began to have ripple effects elsewhere in the West Bank, with Palestinians protesting what they called recent Israeli confiscations of their land near the towns of Ramallah, Nablus and Tulkarm.
Last night he gave up one goal, by Brian Noonan, touching off a raucous celebration by hundreds of blue-clad Ranger fans who had bought up the unsold tickets at the Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Rather, they contend that evidence of a Legislature's deliberate classification of voters on the basis of race cannot alone suffice to state a claim under Shaw.
JUST hours after the Senate confirmed Robert E. Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury last week, he received an immediate full-immersion lesson in what life is like these days sitting under the giant portrait of Alexander Hamilton.
"A bicycle is for stopping."
His members confess to being scared.
It's very easy to concentrate on work when bleaching the floor is not a real option.
Role Models It is true, of course, that the Middle East's minority groups have been used (and abandoned) as much by outside powers as by fellow Arabs.
The misplacement of the BRCA-1 protein in cells indicates that the protein, even if properly formed, may not be functioning in most women with breast or ovarian cancers, Dr. Lee said.
Taurino's Salice Salentino Riserva, a much more familiar name, but equally delicious, sells for a dollar or two less.
It is an assignment the artist Damien Hirst might love.
"My cultural roots will die and my songs will not have any meaning."
Behind some of the labor unrest there have lurked concerns that state-run companies -- including the state-owned telecommunications company France Telecom, the state-owned utility Electricite de France and the state-owned airline Air France -- might be privatized.
Stalwart workaholics who insist that they never come down with more than a 36-hour bug have missed entire weeks of work.
"He just met with us because he knew it would look good for the press," said Bobta Kim, 19, who carried a cardboard gravestone that read, "R.I.P.
"If I'm knocked out of there in three innings, that's one thing.
"The Summons" is good stuff.
"I've reduced the number of hostesses here from 10 normally to 5 or 6 right now."
"To have that happen the way it did, I can't put it into words.
The Philadelphia Eagles had just stomped them, 40-8, last Oct. 2.
In an interview on Monday night, Mr. Powell, the leader of a Harlem vendors association, denied that there was a racial element to the protests at Freddy's clothing store, and said he had heard no racial slurs among the picketers.
He bought his first race horse outright at the Keeneland sales in Lexington, Ky., in July 1989.
The earlier pieces were probably excavated in the 1930's and 1940's in Vietnam, he says.
The cash value of a firm's good will?
That area, however, is smaller than the second-floor balcony and cannot hold all the 250 participants expected to attend the ceremony.
At that time Morrison Knudsen also said its financial picture had eroded to the point where it no longer complied with terms set by its banks who have extended more than $300 million in unsecured credit.
"We can't control the real plight of homeless children, which is housing," Dr. Milliken said.
This light, observable as a brief blue flash, passes through transparent mediums like water and ice, and can be detected by light sensors.
Originality, however, remained a sticking point.
He voted for Bill Clinton in 1992 but said Mr. Clinton had demonstrated no leadership.
But at the same time, questions have been raised about his candidacy concerning commitment, potential for conflict of interest and matters of institutional control.
Thus the excuse for cutting Medicare and Medicaid budget allowances.
Drums of hazardous material routinely pass through the warehouse, a major U.P.S.
"The cooperation with police in the field is excellent," Mr. Meshi-Zahav said.
He served notice recently that he would expel hundreds of thousands of refugees from Rwanda by the end of the year if the United Nations did not move them first.
The techniques for searching out brown dwarfs and examining their characteristics could also be applied to the search for planetary systems around other stars.
"The continued Chinese occupation of Tibet poses an increasing threat to the very existence of a distinct Tibetan national and cultural identity," he added.
We want to move on and think about winning."
The decline has already reduced the premium Softkey said it was offering over the Broderbund deal, he noted.
But this game featured little of the trash-talking and shoving that permeated Thursday night's game.
The law allows strikes under restricted circumstances.
They decided that the cabinets may be late-17th-century but "heavily over-restored."
And on Sunday two flamenco companies offered new takes on the age-old dance of the Spanish Gypsies.
The search for a top-flight prosecution team in the case began two days after the bombing when Ms. Gorelick asked larger United States Attorney's offices to submit the names of top prosecutors.
A founder of the New Jersey Association of the Deaf, he was an early advocate of teaching American Sign Language and of not treating deaf people as a disabled group.
A street urchin in Vietnam, he became a homeless man in this country.
I feel good about this offense."
Indeed, the Fragale family of Hewitt had just such an experience.
Scott Davis is lost for the season with damaged anterior and medial collateral ligaments.
"Keio in New York is playing a very important role in the university's expansion of the global curriculum.
"I applaud the Prime Minister for taking this risk for peace," Mr. Clinton said in a speech to the combined Houses of Parliament.
The Goldstein report, completed in December 1992, laid the foundation for a reshaping of the 21-campus City University of New York system, recommending the elimination of academic programs from some campuses and the merger of others.
But he said tests at St. Francis Hospital, in Flower Hill, L.I., found him to be in good health and without any problems with his heart or arteries.
In his direct testimony, Mr. Phillips completed his account of events at Mr. Simpson's home on the morning after the killings.
The prospect of such development has some people worried that Taos will become an "adobe boutique," with single-family homes, weekend houses and condominiums that are imitations of centuries-old dwellings.
The suspensions resulted from an L.I.R.R.
Born and bred in Providence, R.I., he was the Providence College hockey coach and later its athletic director (he hired Rick Pitino as the Friar basketball coach a decade ago) before joining the Devils in 1987.
Here are 30 choices that New York Times critics find noteworthy.
Some leaders of the developing world say the Administration's campaign for a straight vote will deepen discontent and may tempt governments to violate or even withdraw from the treaty.
C15 Books: "George Eliot: Voice of a Century."
He said, "You have nice eyes."
He might think he is, but all it takes is one trip to find out."
Kate D. Kendall, the legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights in San Francisco, said Supreme Courts in five states had awarded custody on such a basis.
If the owners want to keep their plans for replacement players secret, they surely don't plan to disclose the names of replacement players they sign.
"Their heads went down; their eyes went down," Mr. Brendlen said.
Senator D'Amato was by far the biggest individual recipient of the donations that Mr. Asaro orchestrated -- $58,000, according to records filed in Federal court.
New comedies for later in the week include "Cabin Pressure," about flight attendants who room together (Thursday at 8:30); "The Preston Episodes," in which an English professor goes to work for a tabloid newspaper (Saturday at 8:30), and "Too Something," about buddies in their 20's who work in the mailroom of an investment-banking firm (Sunday at 8:30) and "Misery Loves Company," a buddy show about divorced men (Sunday at 9:30, after "Married .
His insights derive from the music itself.
EVEN TODAY, THE KUBA people of Zaire use long, leaf-shaped blades as a symbolic currency in the dowries of some villagers, said Allen F. Roberts, a professor of anthropology at the University of Iowa.
He was part of Coach Joe Walton's inner circle and he saw the pattern of late-season collapses that have come to define this team -- and that was repeated last year when the Jets wound up losing their last five games, beginning with that last-second loss to the Dolphins.
Mr. Nunn, whose great uncle, Carl Vinson, was a chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, came to the Senate in 1973 with a keen interest in military affairs, and led the Senate Armed Services Committee for eight years.
ELIZABETH O'BRIEN had been planning to participate in the Race to Deliver, a four-mile run in Central Park at 10 A.M. on Sunday, a benefit for God's Love We Deliver, when she learned that the American Cancer Society was holding a five-mile walk called Making Strides Against Breast Cancer at 11 A.M. No sweat for Ms. O'Brien, the associate health and fitness editor at Mirabella magazine.
One of the nation's largest annual gatherings of computer and software vendors, Comdex is a prized weeklong event that is expected to pump $40 million into the local economy.
"The kids had a right to demonstrate," he said.
Thanks to Commissioner Stern's commitment to competition, two park districts in Queens and two in the Bronx are now being maintained by private contractors.
RJR Nabisco "will have to play catch-up," said Roy D. Burry, an analyst at Oppenheimer & Company.
As for the Rangers, everything's fine for now.
To the Editor: Your Nov. 16 obituary of the great literary scholar Rene Wellek asserts that he "tended to stay somewhat above the fray" when it came to academic battles about deconstruction and similiar trendy movements.
The report also referred to an allegation by the Suffolk Health Services Commissioner, Dr. Mary E. Hibberd, as "troubling."
A forensic pathologist testified on Friday that Mr. Gammage may have flailed and kicked simply because he could not breathe.
Shirley Silverman, the mother of Beverly Sills, the chairwoman of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, died on Monday at the Hebrew Home for the Aged in Riverdale, the Bronx.
The difference seemed to reflect two phenomena, one timeless, the other more particularized: the first is that former prosecutors like Judge Ito, convinced that they would have handled things better, demand more of their successors; the second is the increasingly dominant presence of the silky smooth Mr. Cochran.
Do you think it was any worse that what they would hear at the Astrodome from unruly fans or at school on a Monday after a loss?
Mr. Woods, always a powerful actor, registers another triumph as Danny Davis, the somewhat sleazy lawyer who discovers true commitment in his defense of Ray Buckey.
Mrs. da Silva and her sister-in-law, Maria dos Santos Silva, gathered up their children and went for the broad, towering palm tree for cover.
Only two others have worked more years.
That is because Dow markets products like Yes detergent and Fantastik cleaner, while Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising handles P.& G. brands like Tide detergent and Spic 'n Span cleaner.
"He is a real good offensive player who could beef up our offense."
The radar transponders that allow them to be tracked easily by air-traffic controllers are shut off.
It can be seen weekdays between 9 A.M. and 6 P.M., Saturdays from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. and Sundays from noon to 5 P.M., through March 31.
The budget deficit for the current fiscal year is on target to total about $159.98 billion, according to Clinton Administration projections.
The final mixture should be smooth and evenly blended.
"I'm sure everybody's going to want me to win 18 games next year," Isringhausen said yesterday, nearly 24 hours after collecting a rain-shortened 2-1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds.
I think it's important to have healthy, rested starters.
There is a very clear distinction in my mind between peacekeeping and warmaking.
What's more, if the Internet explosion does not pan out as expected, these companies still have their other business to fall back on.
The following taxable and tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week: TAXABLE ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Houlihan's Restaurant Group Inc., $125 million of senior notes due in 2005, B1/B+/--.
CBS Cringing After Chung Ouster However bad it is for CBS to have to admit that it made a mistake when it teamed Connie Chung with Dan Rather on the evening news, the situation could get worse, network executives said, if it develops into an ugly round of charges of sexism, as it now threatens to do.
The outlook for commercial real estate remains healthy, said Gene Sherman at the New York investment firm of M. A. Schapiro & Company.
This is not a universal view.
To the Editor: Your examination (news article, April 17) of nutria in suburban Jefferson Parish, La., focused on the worst-case harm the burrowing animals might cause if left entirely unchecked, and reported only that proposed controls, such as trapping, drowning, poisoning and hanging, have been dismissed due to humane concerns (implying that animal rights activists are opposed to all lethal control methods).
Much worse for the future of the park, Gov.
And this one may be as well.
But they still make less than white employees, on average, and have seen only small hiring increases in some of the most prestigious occupations.
But I played baseball from dawn to dusk growing up, and even thought about making a career of it."
Then the whole thing starts over the day after a game.
"There is nothing per se illegal about a seller giving a buyer a credit for repairs that may be necessary to bring an apartment up to proper condition," Mr. Luxemburg said, adding that the terms must be properly disclosed to any lender involved in the transaction.
Many of the numbers looked too much like one another and like earlier pieces on the program.
But Republicans are divided over the wisdom of these ideas.
And with your help and your voice, I believe it is possible this amendment will pass later in this Congress.
(AP) MALEEVA TAKES TITLE: Magdalena Maleeva took advantage of repeated unforced errors and six double faults by Ai Sugiyama in a 6-3, 6-4 victory in the final of the Bank of the West Classic in Oakland, Calif. Maleeva, the tournament's second-seeded player, needed just 62 minutes to defeat Sugiyama, playing in her second women's tour final.
When asked if a deal would be made in another week, Steinbrenner said, "That's all I'm going to say about it."
So I decided to try to do it myself.
The bride, 28, was until recently the director of public relations and marketing at Tommy Hilfiger U.S.A., the men's clothing manufacturer in New York.
"We seemed to have nothing left after that."
Shostakovich's music hovers ambiguously between garish realism and bleak sarcasm.
These trees hoard an astounding amount of water: one half-century-old Douglas fir might contain 5,000 gallons, according to Ms. Kirk and Mr. Franklin.
"The pressure was on us, and I was proud of the effort we gave," said Robinson.
A traditional fan can't help thinking that way.
We didn't call it New York because we wanted anybody in any city to identify with it.
In all his particulars, the male Gluphisia looks like a professional puddler.
It can be a "planned for" thing.
Their fascinating book raises inter alia the best argument against the idea: it can't be a tragedy if the main character was never really a hero.
Purdue forward Glenn Robinson took the Wooden Award.
Tribal officials today tried to calm the waters.
Eileen O'Connor, CNN's Moscow bureau chief, and the people she interviews emphasize that the risks facing investors and the heavy drain of billions of dollars from legal businesses is holding down the Russian economy.
As Miss Borsten's husband, Oleg Vidov, a Russian actor who came to the United States three years after Mr. Kramarov, pointed out, the basic role Mr. Kramarov played in one movie after another was a version of "Crazy Ivan," a stock Russian character whose harmless craziness provided a veneer of protection in a totalitarian society.
Enrique Martinez, 13, and his brother, Cesar, 12, who live in a fifth-floor apartment overlooking the lobby roof, heard no screams, only the sound of the bodies striking -- "a boom, like a bomb," Cesar recalled.
He said Cravath was not involved in any way and sincerely apologized."
"Dinny and I have been arguing about Lasix for 30 years.
LEWIS BALTZ, Janet Borden Gallery, 560 Broadway, at Prince Street, SoHo (through tomorrow).
JER has agreed to sell the properties for significantly less than their stated value.
Hours: Sundays through Thursdays, 11:30 A.M. midnight; Fridays and Saturdays, 11:30 A.M. to 1:30 A.M.
You look for the offensive line that can pull either way and can power straight ahead with equal precision.
But after weeks of agonizing, he told a gathering of Indian industrialists in Calcutta last week that the reforms would go ahead.
She is the 23-year-old daughter of PAUL McCARTNEY and a member of this year's graduating class at the Central St. Martin's School of Art in London.
In Washington, Nicholas Burns, the State Department spokesman, described Dr. Karadzic's statements today as "a cynical charade."
At least that's what got distilled years later from those paint-stained hours.
Intense discussions about religion, spirit lore and American culture and politics take place with workshop participants and visitors, black and white, in the little studio and the modern office loft above it.
Akhal-Tekes came close to extinction under Soviet rule.
It is not certain yet whether New Jersey will have these features.
"Often singers learn things phonetically," she said.
We did not do anything that we had practiced against them defensively.
On the morning they announced the Westinghouse winners, Yoonji went to school clutching the big envelope.
Trump's Castle Casino Resort Huron Avenue and Brigantine Boulevard.
After her son died, suffocated by a plastic bag, she became tired of cooking and cleaning for Mr. Nichols, his brother James, and Mr. McVeigh, and returned home.
The transfer of assets is expected to be a major challenge for the courts and the liquidator in the coming months.
For the Barres, however, who bought the complex of restaurants and cafes in the historic Maison Livernois building two years ago, from Serge Bruyere, who created them, the name had a German ring.
"I don't worry anymore," he said.
A two-hour sightseeing cruise around Cape May.
About 50 of the students enrolled in the class are taking it remotely over the Internet.
Romantic opera copes poorly with subtleties like this.
It was the date Mr. McVeigh had printed on a phony driver's license he used to rent the truck that carried the explosives.
INSIDE PITCH "I can't say too much about it," DAMON BUFORD, the Mets' left fielder, said when asked before the game about a police report of his arrest on a misdemeanor charge of soliciting sex from a female undercover officer posing as a prostitute in Baltimore County in Maryland on June 2.
Speaker Newt Gingrich said today that he sent the White House a "tougher" spending bill than he might otherwise have because President Clinton slighted him and Senator Bob Dole last week on the plane carrying the American delegation to and from Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's funeral in Israel.
Between 1992 and 1994, Maddux recorded a 2.03 e.r.a.
"The most dramatic development has been larger or more full-service practice facilities that combine teaching programs, some pro shop sales and some family entertainment, such as miniature golf and batting cages," he added.
THE BRONX ZOO 2300 Southern Boulevard, The Bronx.
THE newspaper in Jim Pierce's condominium told him everything he needed, or wanted, to know.
The kids laughed and cheered and looked at one another in astonishment as Mr. Marsalis solved mystery after mystery and offered them one delightful musical insight after another.
And, seemingly, they couldn't care less.
Harrison was not one of them, preferring to work with families on long-range planning.
"This just raises all sorts of questions and makes no sense whatsoever," said James Hutton-Mills, an analyst with SGST Securities Ltd. "There is just no logic to be found."
It can be yesterday's big event (a tax cut) or a glacial trend (global warming).
Leaders of Arab-American organizations are protesting new efforts by the Clinton Administration to stop the flow of money to groups suspected of terrorism, saying they will hurt Arab-American charities and undermine efforts to get them to help Palestinian economic development.
Bosnian Serb shelling and sniper fire killed 9 people and wounded 30 today in Sarajevo, while Bosnian Government soldiers reportedly captured a key hill in their offensive to break the Serb siege of the capital.
In 1938, he moved to the State Department and went on to hold several senior economic positions during World War II.
An exceedingly funny novel (the author's 10th) of midlife crisis, whose 58-year-old hero, Tubby, is an awfully nice guy but unhappy in a vague way that none of his many therapies seem to help.
She told me: 'The torture has taken root inside me.
A survey of career intentions among college freshman last year found that about 4.2 percent said they wanted to become lawyers, down from a peak of 5.4 percent in 1988 and 1989.
Green, the manager who inherited an unsightly mess that was the Mets only to re-introduce the team to sound baseball, does not deserve the uncertainty hanging over him.
Should Mr. Molinari lose, it could unlock the Republican dominance on Staten Island, a borough that proved key to Rudolph W. Giuliani's mayoral victory in 1993.
Her palette is dominated by black, white and beige with a sprinkling of pastels.
I've seen a lot less smoking outside than before."
This never applied in any way to the Harlem Urban Development Corporation, where most staff members are professionals with 10 or more years with the agency who live in and care for the community they serve.
But with success have come potential pitfalls.
There are a variety of newer methods, like growing skin in a lab and using skin substitutes, but they are in a state of flux, costly, and not applicable for all cases.
Like The Citadel, Norwich does not require its graduates to enter the military, though 60 percent of last year's graduating class did.
It's like burying people alive.
USA Basketball is the governing body for women's and men's basketball; N.B.A.
Yermolinsky soon took over more terrain with 34 e5 and sank his knight in with 36 Nd6.
Bob Fosse was the choreographer, Richard Adler the composer, and a 20-year-old from Virginia by the name of Shirley MacLaine was one of the dancers.
Arraignments can involve important legal and investigative matters, said the society, which insisted upon offering clients continuity of representation.
For its prior year, the company said it would have recorded income from continuing operations of $ 116.8 million, or $ 1.33 a share, excluding the provision.The latest periods included 14 weeks for the quarter and 53 weeks for the year, compared with 13 weeks and 52 weeks for year-ago periods, respectively.
But he said the producers had a very strong argument that their speech had been abridged and were likely to win their suit.
I sang for seven minutes out of a three-hour evening with 10 other singers.
For 117 years, it has conducted its creaking, lurching, relentless rumble through Brooklyn.
11 35 MAMA MAKES UP HER MIND, by Bailey White.
"But these groups have for years been about graft, intimidation, extortion.
In 1994, 85 percent of the group's profits, which totaled $452.6 million (United States), emanated from its Asian operations, with Hong Kong and China accounting for 57 percent of the total.
There was never a falling off!"
WHK agreed to make the Limited's order if the store would pay WHK directly.
THE ARCHITECTS HAVE DEscribed the project as a deliberate evocation of chaos.
has confirmed that it will cut the salaries of about 120 top secretaries by as much as 36 percent as part of a companywide cost-cutting strategy.
Together the members offer almost 1,000 daily flights to 400 cities, including all major cities and countries in Latin America.
To the Editor: In "Don't Raise the Taxi Fares" (Op-Ed, Oct. 30), Edward Rogoff argues that the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission should carry out the following: 1) Reform the screening process for hack license applicants by raising licensing standards.
He has been held out of practice all week, but Coach Rich Kotite said if Murrell's progress continued, then he would play some.
With 20,000 to 30,000 Kashmiris killed in the fighting, and 350,000 Indian troops and police lending the air of a military camp to the state, most of the 400 houseboats on Dal Lake are empty, their peeling, often misspelled signboards -- Queen of Heevan, Solaman and Sheeba, Lalita -- offering enticements that find no takers for months at a time.
"Some people," she said, "have difficulty in making the jump from wood to vinyl, but in another 15 years I think that they are going to turn up their noses at wood the way they do now at vinyl."
His sketches, ink washes and engravings have been collected in a book called "John Warner Barber's View of Connecticut Towns," co-edited by Dr. J. Bard McNulty, professor emeritus of English at Trinity College.
Hogs for February delivery sank the 1.5-cent daily limit imposed by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to 48.575 cents a pound.
With the exception of his Harley, all he cares about is what he calls, collectively, "Thing": "fashion models, beautiful women and general hotness."
"As the drug markets have grown, they have matured," Mr. Blumstein argued, "and as they mature some of the battles that went on among the aggressive entrepreneurs who started that industry settled as they do in many other industries -- either as explicit or implicit recognition of turf.
And even if it is, there is no way of knowing if a judge would rule quickly enough to salvage the start of the season for the striking players.
"It is true that Protestantism has carried within itself a serious element of anti-Catholicism," the pastor said, but he added that it was gradually diminishing, "not least through the efforts of the Catholic Church."
"The Gott case shows that the Soviet pattern of using sympathizers in a secret fashion to serve their policy ends did not end with the Stalin era," Mr. Koch said in an interview.
"I am forbidden to act the way a real manager should."
They are known as brown dwarfs, or failed stars.
The unrest among the state's highway workers may foreshadow broader labor troubles in the state.
Judge Howard also removed a juror from the panel and put her in jail.
We have also brought in a new chef and feel the cuisine has improved.
After 80 deals of a scheduled 128 yesterday, his team trailed by 92 imps against Nick Nickell of Raleigh, N.C., and his team.
"The stakes, in my opinion, are as great as the survival of the Republican Party.
Crew is willing to have the Police Department supervise, select, train and deploy school security officers and gather statistics on school crime.
Getting a workable script took 18 years.
Some Pepsi executives are calling the company "Gapple," a pun on Gatorade and Snapple that is a dig at "the gap the new ownership has put in a previously strong product," said Jesse Meyers, publisher of Beverage Digest, a newsletter in Old Greenwich, Conn.
If it chose to, Japan could become a high-tech military superpower overnight.
"The finding shows that early humans in Africa invented sophisticated toolmaking long before their European counterparts," she said.
The passenger who was kidnapped was freed by the suspect.
At most, they are dropping a weak performer and adding a few new funds.
"When you get involved in interpretative rules, it makes it difficult to coach," Cowher said.
This should teach us that nothing is given in this league."
That should concern Cone, who would rather see Wetteland (31 saves) in the ninth inning than a combination of Jeff Nelson, Bob Wickman and Mariano Rivera.
The outlines of the new contract suggest that at best, it will bring only minor changes to the schools: a little more flexibility for principals in hiring, and a little more time for teachers to spend with students.
Proper nutrition, she mentioned as an example, is a concern of older people but is equally important for schoolchildren.
A knife-wielding intruder was charged today with trying to murder Prime Minister Jean Chretien at his official Ottawa residence early Sunday, raising questions about the Canadian leader's security arrangements.
"I noticed you during the movie," the man said.
I didn't want him getting nervous."
The service will be available in other European countries next year.
Like Ms. Jaffe, she has two men at her feet, Ethan Brown and Christopher Martin, but she often pulls them along the floor.
Mr. Netanyahu, who is seeking to become the next prime minister of Israel, has long championed active counterterrorist operations.
He won easily, but found himself in a far more turbulent political world after Carlos Salinas, the man Mr. de la Madrid picked to succeed himself, gained power in an election tainted by fraud.
Now our concern is Presidential politics has entered into it."
In theory, this numbers-crunching debate should have no effect on policy or politics.
FLEA MARKET The Chester Lions Club Flea Market offers craft items, linens, books, children's clothing, housewares, plants and produce, makeup, jewelry, scarves, handbags and other accessories.
He finished 14 for 18 in his third game since recovering from iron-deficiency anemia.
"We're standing on line to pay more money.
agent, and Gregory Scarpa, a Mafia gangster, became secretly entwined.
The main reason is this: Social Security was designed as a consumption-based, not a savings-based, program -- a system under which each generation of workers pays taxes to support the previous generation in return for a promise that the next generation will, in turn, support it.
"There's a national recognition that there was some imbalance in the promotion process whereby teaching didn't always count enough," he said.
Firmly in the second camp, Mr. Perkins sees intelligence as consisting of three factors: neural intelligence (the genetic, g-producing factor), experiential intelligence (the expert's control over studied and practiced fields) and reflective intelligence.
"There are just fewer and fewer people working with patients who are sicker and sicker," said Mr. Hanson, who works a 7 P.M. to 8 A.M. shift three days a week.
But the public is thought to be opposed to bailing out shady operators of failed credit unions.
"In welfare, Wisconsin is a beacon to the nation," wrote Lawrence M. Mead, a professor at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, who published a study of Wisconsin's welfare system in January.
"If you are a lawyer and you want to look up a case, you can basically get your material a lot faster with a 6x," said Felix Nemirovsky, the engineering manager at Plextor, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif.
He isn't the only instant starter.
"They know us and we know them," Lemaire said "But we will know each other much better the first two games."
A side street in old Cracow is where the tiny, always busy Rzeszowska Bakery seems to belong, for example, although it's at the corner of Manhattan Avenue and Java Street in Greenpoint.
Lindros, who was playing without the plastic shield he had worn since injuring his left eye on April 30, dominated the first few minutes with brute force.
"It's very important, human-factors specialists tell us, to get your training, then get in and apply the training in a very short time, to consolidate your experience together with your training," Mr. Broderick said.
Spread the plums with their juice over the biscotti.
Last year, Rowan was New York University's third victim in the Violets' Cinderella-like run to the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III final.
Still, The foundation refuses to disclose the exact contribution from Direct Access Diagnostics or any other donor -- pertinent information for judging the Speaker's degree of gratitude.
"It is more important than ever for the private sector to step up and be more involved in giving and volunteering."
And Thai seafood salad, a heap of shrimp, scallops, squid and bean sprouts drenched with a spicy ginger and lemongrass sauce and lightly perfumed with sesame oil, is so seductive that the generous serving never seems like enough.
The Knicks are down by 2-1 in the series, and Ewing is not healthy.
But outside in the sparsely populated countryside, many of the villages are so terrified of a roving rebel group that the peasants hide at night in the fields and in trees.
It is about answering the question, "Why should we?"
"It's very frustrating to us that they've spent all their time running to microphones," one of the moderates, Representative Tim Roemer, Democrat of Indiana, said of the budget principals in both parties.
But Wal-Mart said same-store sales jumped 8.4 percent, while Sears said same-store sales rose 5.4 percent.
E. Michael Kahoe, now in charge of of the bureau's office in Jacksonville, Fla., who was then section chief in the criminal investigative division, was recommended for censure and suspension for 15 days.
The television station, NHK, said it had sent Mr. Asahara questions, which he answered on a videotape.
HEART A Memoir By Lance Morrow 323 pages.
So it's got to be out of August's head.
But we had so many bad owners.
I mean, it's a little hard to stay grumpy when you're getting assaulted with pleasure.
But last week it said the filter problem was small and involved only a bad taste and odor.
Roast them for 10 to 12 minutes.
"I was able to see a small hand pressed against the glass."
Eagles and the Grateful Dead Performance, a leading concert-industry magazine, released its ranking of the top-grossing concert acts of 1995 yesterday.
For some reason the cable didn't rerun "The Three Tenors" all week, but while surfing the shopping channels looking for a bargain in earrings for my wife's birthday I crashed right into the middle of "Brideshead Revisited."
The doctor also acknowledged concluding that Molly and Noah had died of SIDS without knowing how thoroughly the authorities had probed the "death scene" for evidence of other causes, including murder.
At best, Tokyo's secrecy was a serious breach of protocol at a time when the two Governments were trying to sort out various financial issues -- and when concerns about the shaky underpinnings of some Japanese banks had reached the point that American institutions were charging a premium for lines of credit extended to Japan.
After 15 Ng3, the black h5 pawn was doomed, so Kaufman's chances depended on what queenside counterplay he could organize.
Expos 5, Giants 4 Moises Alou's two-run homer in the sixth inning helped Montreal end the visiting Giants' three-game winning streak.
Ms. Shabazz, who is 34 years old and one of Malcolm X's six daughters, is charged with attempting to hire Michael K. Fitzpatrick, a high school classmate and a Government informer, to have Mr. Farrakhan murdered.
"People just gathered to make music.
Mr. Zukerman dug into his difficult violin line with unstinting commitment.
"Peoples of the North Caucasus were always noted for wisdom and honoring their word," he said.
"But in the end, they'll see we'll be flying high."
Mr. Beatty himself was seen in Maya Deren's "Study in Choreography for Camera," an experimental 1945 film in which he moves smoothly through constantly changing settings, giving the impression that he has transcended ordinary time and space.
As in that earlier book, the setting is a much altered Malaysian peninsula, where shadowy political forces contend for power while living conditions slowly deteriorate, and everyone awaits a revivifying spark while resisting any intervention that threatens the status quo.
said Thomas Polgar, a retired C.I.A.
"A Federal building this morning was bombed," Ms. Fleming wrote.
Soybeans can be sown on Midwestern acres too wet for timely corn planting.
Then I'd like to make the world-championship team, probably in the long jump because I have so much natural ability there and I lack work in the sprints."
12 in a row in the Breeders' Cup Classic last Saturday.
Other leaflets also raised questions about the role of the House of Prayer in the dispute.
Ditto for the Racer, a 1927 coaster that offers the novelty of a genuine contest between two strings of cars.
Louis R. Tomson, the Governor's liaison to the M.T.A., agrees: "If the court gets itself involved, it will have bitten off a lot more than they can chew.
Even as it was, when I began to talk of a federation in early 1990, most of the Central Committee was in opposition.
He wrote more than 300 publications and received many awards, including a Presidential Certificate of Merit for his wartime anti-submarine work and numerous honors from engineering societies.
And it's really kind of hard to have to believe that the man we saw in the movies and the commercials could do this.
Fulfilling a promise to his dying mother, Juan Preciado travels to her birthplace to search out his father, Pedro Paramo.
Hernan Larrain Fernandez, a senator from a far-right party, the Independent Demcratic Union, which has been a strong supporter of the military, said there was a precedent for such prisons in Chile, which has historically segregated prisoners according to their crimes.
His support is expected to break a legislative logjam that has stalled previous efforts to save the land from developers.
"He hung on to pitch great," Johnson said.
The caption reads "Protesters burn bras, 1968."
Even some people in the insurance industry's camp question some recent changes.
And his promoter, Bob Arum, added, "He wants to fight again."
Steamed asparagus and dark, crusty bread are fine accompaniments.
I have spoken to many people about shoulder problems in person or via America On-Line; often people seek information from other laypeople because physicians do not provide the information the patient is seeking.
Dole, based in Westlake Village, Calif., said its third-quarter results would be reduced by $118 million after taxes because it would reduce the value of the Castle & Cook properties on its books.
6 A LONG JOURNEY ENDS The space shuttle Atlantis landed at the Kennedy Space Center, with six Americans and two Russians on board.
HITTING Led by Albert Belle (50 home runs, 52 doubles, 126 r.b.i., .690 slugging percentage), they led the league in runs scored and hitting with a lusty .291 average.
The Mazda Motor Corporation said yesterday that it had narrowed its losses in the fiscal year that ended March 31, largely with cost reductions and layoffs.
She said that the evidence against Mr. Petrizzo included his fingerprints on confidential telephone records that he illegally obtained to track down opponents and attempt to kill them.
The show closed with silvery opera capes with ruched collars and shimmering satin slip dresses beneath.
It has reduced magazine subscriptions, eliminated overtime, delayed hiring and trimmed its travel budget.
More than 25 people were wounded on Tuesday.
32 Aleksandr Volkov, 4-6, 2-6, 6-1, 7-6 (7-4), 6-2.
While fatalities due to Lyme disease are not commonplace, it is disturbing that Federal officials deny their existence.
He pleaded guilty to setting fire in 1991 to a Denville, N.J., cafe that he co-owned in a plot to collect insurance money from the blaze.
From Yale, she wrote her grandfather, "It's so nice that you keep a piece of me there."
The clippings are tape-scarred and dog-eared, and most of the photos are grainy and badly lit.
5 3 MAYBE (MAYBE NOT), by Robert Fulghum.
"This was my runway moment," Dr. Smithies said.
Senada Dodik, who came to visit her son's grave, was one of these citizens eager for peace.
When Chinatown residents disrupted last Tuesday's board meeting with a raucous protest against a proposed Off-Track Betting parlor at the Silver Palace restaurant, Mr. Fabozzi kept his cool.
"I do it for my groups because it makes them stand out, it makes them look like stars," he added.
But of the 50 who remained, more than half graduated from high school on time last spring.
He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Zogas of Rockaway Park, Queens.
"No one can believe that it actually happened in someone's room involving students."
More and more districts are ready to support home-schooling families."
BILL F. JEFFERS Director of Air Traffic Federal Aviation Administration Washington, Oct. 10, 1995
The rises and falls of Newt and Bill have been a controlled experiment in media impartiality.
Those wishing to register or obtain more information should call 245-5081.
In a blow to Dow Chemical's efforts to halt the litigation, the Texas high court refused to reverse a lower-court ruling separating it as a defendant from the Dow Corning Corporation.
We ended up watching all of our business go to Bally's.
With pay increases crimped by the economic slump, some workers want more overtime pay.
Guided by their vows of chastity, poverty and obedience, they talk of their daily routine with ease and happiness, enjoying a relaxed spirit of community.
Except for his overprotection of the police and firefighting budgets, he is clearly trying.
And I choose democracy, freedom and openness.
Nagy refused to second-guess his manager, and Sandy Alomar Jr., the Indians' catcher, didn't either.
This is almost certainly going on in human populations now.
It is most striking as a scary realization of mob psychology -- the pack shifts mindlessly from one leader to another -- and as a graphic depiction of men fulfilling themselves on a killing, starting with the seven who slay Caesar.
The investment firm selected by both AT&T and Lin will be given 20 days to do the third appraisal of Lin.
The author jigs along the border separating physics and theology, speculating on the origin of the universe as a system with 10 dimensions instead of three.
If accompanied by a salad and dessert, it, too, is a meal.
But his most famous report came from outside the Dallas City Jail in 1963, where he was the only reporter providing live coverage as police led John F. Kennedy's assassin out for transfer to the county jail, and he was shot dead by Jack Ruby.
The chairman and chief executive of the RJR Nabisco Holdings Corporation, Charles M. Harper, sold 311,111 shares, or half his stake in the tobacco and food company, last month and spent the proceeds on shares of its Nabisco Holdings Corporation unit.
The company's shares surged last month after strong first-quarter earnings persuaded investors that the cereal industry would not engage in a price war.
Such negative thinking contrasts with the effusive rookie who was so nervous in his first game that he ran the wrong way several times, yet said afterward that he would grow from his mistakes.
"No violence, real or fictional, is taken seriously any longer," he says.
the best play of the year.
Decathlon officials said they were even more appalled by the students' repeated denials than by the cheating itself.
FEW furnishings combine glamour and practicality as flawlessly as decorative screens, the exuberant zigzags that can shield the Stairmaster, create pockets of privacy for children and effortlessly evoke mystery, history and more than a whiff of romance.
The case is scheduled to go to trial on Tuesday in Judge Steinheimer's court.
EL CID ++ (212) 929-9332; 322 West 15th Street, $; American Express, Diners Club At this friendly, unassuming little Spanish restaurant and tapas bar, which attracts a crowd of neighborhood regulars, the food is homey and gratifying, and prices are reasonable.
You can also grill the pieces; they are done when they are tender when tested with a fork or a skewer.
Belying the passive look and the quiet ways, Williams has become not Bambi, but a tiger, offensively as well as defensively.
He said, 'Yes, I'll teach you, but for two years you must not give concerts.'
The company was more than three months late in reporting its fourth-quarter and year-end results and a month late with the first quarter's.
While many of Borland's problems are unique to the company, its rapid unraveling indicates how difficult it can be for any software company to compete directly these days with the industry leader, the Microsoft Corporation.
Now the service will also be available to taxpayers who fill out form 8888, called Direct Deposit of Refund, and mail the form with their return.
The traditional American holly and English holly have been featured for many years.
There was the year she was a member of the Alicia Alonzo dance troupe for three months and in the cast of the national touring company of "The Music Man" for nine.
Where to Eat For a splurge, try Citronelle, in the Latham Hotel, at 3000 M Street, N.W., (202) 625-2150.
Mr. Rifkin is next expected to face trial in Brooklyn, where a pretrial hearing is scheduled for Sept. 11 in Brooklyn Supreme Court before Justice Francis X. Egitto.
"No great poem or other literary or artistic work of any scope, old or new," he wrote in an essay called "An Old Man's Rejoinder" (1891), "can be essentially considered without weighing first the age, politics (or want of politics) and aim, visible forms, unseen soul and current times, out of the midst of which it rises and is formulated."
Lisa Finstrom, a currency analyst at Smith Barney, said that while the market had "pretty high hopes" about the Japanese plan it was also "concerned about very heavy intervention on behalf of the dollar."
Up to now, in five branches, patrons had to use a crude computer system to find a title; in the other 77 branches, they had to riffle through a printed book catalogue.
The death and riot prompted more calls in Britain for the sport to be banned.
"I will not leave anything open," Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said in a recent interview.
When he arrived in Moscow, the Russians made it clear that they considered him the weak singles link on clay.
Even though condominium resale prices are down to a range of $40,000 to $100,000 from highs of $60,000 to $140,000, they are not moving, said Kate Johnson of the William Raveis Real Estate office here.
Professor Handley referred in a recent lecture to once-exclusive silk as a "Third World fabric."
"We're tremendously pleased to have a coach who has had great success in basketball on the court, off the court, and who is devoted to the student-athlete."
Two creeks that contain imperiled bull trout were especially hard hit, he said.
I had developed software for financial applications and, later on I headed a consulting firm that supplied technology services to Fortune 500 companies, and that gave me a sense of what skills would be needed as the demand for technology grew."
David Townsend, a spokesman for Walter Industries, said the Tampa, Fla., company had no pending news that might have spurred yesterday's momentum.
"Smaller classes have helped our teachers deliver better instruction.
's, the level of spending for nonmedical items is becoming a key issue.
Although it is financed by the Board of Education, Ms. Betanzos and her staff have free rein with the funds and the curriculum, an idea Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has endorsed.
Not everyone in Union County clamored for retribution in kind.
French officials said that the Danish candidate's knowledge of French -- one of the two official languages -- was not good enough, and, moreover, he had openly criticized French nuclear tests being conducted in the Pacific.
Also, the gulet goes under diesel power at all times, as the author's gulet did.
The Wineries Many wineries are open daily from early morning to late afternoon, but some are open only on weekends.
Sophisticated technology and raw courage combined to produce a happy ending to the closest American brush with death under fire in Bosnia's three-year-old war.
You risk injury or death if you are caught on or near these premises."
There's Norman Brinker ("he's Steak and Ale"), there's Harold Simmons ("a big entrepreneur") and there, too, is Caroline Rose Hunt ("one of the Hunt family").
Mrs. Clinton seemed to relish the moment as she answered questions with her 15-year-old daughter, Chelsea, at her side.
Situation cleared up in five minutes.
Not while the Devils' owner, John McMullen, is high-sticking the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority with the threat of moving the franchise to Nashville if he doesn't get a better lease.
Born Harold Lever, he was a rarity in being both wealthy and a member of the Labor Party's inner circle in the late 1960's and the 70's, first under Prime Minister Harold Wilson and then under Mr. Wilson's successor, James Callaghan.
Some of Mrs. Parish's best clients can't get enough of her.
Midali, on the Upper East Side (above) and the Upper West Side, opened this year.
Chris Morris (sore left hamstring) was on the Nets' bench in civilian clothes, too.
Mr. Lopez helped define several movements of Cuban music, from the mambo to the descarga.
Weighed down by the costs of maintaining buildings it has seized, the city has increased its efforts to sell them -- to private landlords, nonprofit groups and tenant co-ops.
To make matter worse, Senate conservatives are flirting with turning food stamps -- an entitlement the House left in place and that is paid for entirely by Washington -- into a block grant.
A French Government official said the first mission for the rapid-reaction force would probably be to secure a dirt road traversing Mount Igman south of Sarajevo that is used by food and supply convoys that are frequent targets of Bosnian Serb fire.
"I knew I had to get the bat on the ball somehow."
Other awards include the City of New York Mayor's Award of Honor for Arts and Culture, in 1984.
Total news columns have gone up more than 9 percent.
Contrary to the prevailing notion that professional basketball has been taken hostage by marauders from Generation X, not one player refused to enter a game here this weekend, or walked into America West Arena with his sneakers unlaced.
Several dozen people threw rubber gloves over the White House fence today in a protest over the Secret Service's treatment of gay officials of state and local governments who visited the mansion last week.
Basketball's dangerous symptoms were in evidence this week.
With managed care, he said, doctors' expenditures are being monitored.
In a study of 156 men with heart disease, researchers at the Atherosclerosis Research Unit at the University of Southern California, found that taking daily doses of vitamin E for two years appeared to slow the development of fatty deposits, or plaque, in heart arteries.
The last seems most likely in a book that is so relentlessly a showcase of riotous color and exploding form.
And that's when he walks down and he's the one who says the Bronco was parked askew.
In New York, the number of residents employed in October fell by 38,000, to 7.99 million.
There is no evidence to suggest that this will succeed, but there are good reasons to believe that a mountain of jobs would.
"I've got seven horses at River Downs," Zeis said, "and I've got super owners like Elmer Smith, who has some horses on his farm and will send them to me.
"Whatever we do has to be tasteful, appropriate, and receive public acceptance.
How could Mr. Groom pass up an opportunity like that?
His works included three popular children's books and three books about military history.
A Federal undercover officer who infiltrated the Branch Davidian compound testified today that his superiors ignored his warnings that the sect's leader knew Government agents were about to arrest him.
Mr. Pittman declined to discuss the Six Flags negotiations or his compensation.
The resignation letter and a lengthy rebuttal from the company were included this week in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
: I don't really understand why they have to show these suits with shirts and ties.
"So I put her there, an Ann Marisse in every film, maybe for only an ephemeral second, in a gesture, a smile, a word, a movement of a hand or finger."
The company also recorded $ 2.4 million to write-off unamortized name lists related to Ortho-Vent and expensed $ 3.2 million for pending litigation.
He attacked the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation for what he called their "massive" political agendas.
The New York authorities notified Alabama of Mr. Harris's whereabouts, and Alabama renewed its extradition request.
A few blocks from the entrance, Lisa Tanico, 25, and her sister, Christine Borhi, 16, sat on their stoop and strained to hear the words drifting over from the race track.
At the Beacon he backed his folksy guitar picking and strumming with a versatile five-person band.
The increase was the first in three months; in May, spending fell 1.5 percent.
He signed a five-year contract for $1.8 million per year.
MANHATTAN CHELSEA $280,000 477 West 22d Street 2-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 1,200-sq.-ft. co-op in a brownstone; dining area, 2 fireplaces, private garden; maintenance $1,089, 66% tax-deductible, listed at $324,000, 1 1/2 years on market (Broker: Wells & Gay Stribling) TRIBECA $585,000 170 Duane Street 2-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 2,000-sq.-ft. duplex condo in a loft building; private elevator, powder room, Jacuzzi and steam shower in master bath, h/w floors, 600-sq.-ft. private roof space; common charge $213; taxes $5,210, listed at $600,000, 17 weeks on market (Broker: Douglas Elliman) UPPER WEST SIDE $412,500 160 Riverside Drive (88th St.) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,350-sq.-ft. prewar co-op; 24-hr.
Lewis T. Preston, a former president of J. P. Morgan & Company who led the World Bank into the post-Communist world after his appointment in September 1991, died on Thursday at his home in Washington.
Isn't there some wise old uncle who can put his arm around him and calm him down a bit?
After going to the locker room for X-rays it was determined that he had fractured his right ankle.
But the history contained within its boundaries is expansive indeed.
The E-major Violin Partita is treated to startled interjections, shrinking and ballooning tempos, sagging pitch and unexpected instruments.
Is Scarsdale wasting money and spending too much on its children?
Across the country, foundations, social-service agencies, churches and policy makers are emphasizing the role fathers can play in improving their children's lives.
"Pop, rock, rap and country," he said.
But even if the loans were prepaid -- and Goldman is not likely to let its competitors slip through the loophole without a brutal legal tussle -- the firm would continue to have a role in the outcome of the fight over Rockefeller Center.
His highly personal, even autobiographical abstraction offers a pleasing contrast, in a minor key, to the exultant Mondrian retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art.
Six years after Mr. Cardenas shocked the political establishment by nearly defeating Carlos Salinas de Gortari in a presidential election marred by fraud, his campaign -- hobbled by internal divisions, poor strategy and an image of violence played up by the Government -- finished a distant third in the race last August.
"I think it will take a couple of weeks at least," Olajuwon told KTRH-AM radio yesterday.
But that did not happen on Friday night at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, when the Kronos joined the Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra, with the conductor Dennis Russell Davies, for a program that, among other things, acknowledged Bartok on the 50th anniversary of his death.
The number of American dailies has been shrinking for decades under competitive pressure from television.
Until the campaign began, she wasn't exactly well known locally.
It was an interior of Cobb House, not of a former bank that Judd also furnished.
Klopas then delivered the winner, the fourth straight American to score and the only one who shot to the left.
The cause was pneumonia, said a colleague, Tony Mead of the National Cancer Institute.
"There is no longer any environmental justification for waste flow," said Bill Wolfe, policy research director for an advocacy group called the New Jersey Environmental Federation.
Budget: Vote on a House-Senate compromise seven-year plan that is intended to cut taxes, limit spending for Medicare and other social programs and balance the Federal budget by the year 2002.
Regional Theater: Goodspeed Opera House of East Haddam, Conn., for continued excellence.
But "zeroing out" now appears unlikely; when Congress returns from Easter recess, the House and Senate will have to reconcile their versions of bills to cut back financing, with the compromise likely to be in the 10-to-15-percent range.
She also carried 109 men, including 14 experts from such concerns as the Mitsubishi Instrument Company, who were along to study and procure German technology.
An estimated 500,000 people -- mostly from the Tutsi minority -- were killed in less than three months.
Frankly, I want to slap the hand of anyone who thinks nothing can be done with used votive candles.
Wilpon, Doubleday and several members of Mets management met with the players for nearly an hour, and both sides emerged pleased with the discussion.
Saturday's game was inaccurately billed as a battle of legends.
(Usually a well-bred lady sets a task that Max fulfills in spite of himself.)
Within a year a research committee had been formed that included members of the remaining Jewish community of the nearby town of Bielsko-Biala, the head of the Skoczow Historical Museum, and a group of local historians.
They wade heedless through mud that would drown you or me, a thousand pounds of pure animal vitality, dipping their heads down to sample whatever vegetation it is they're trampling on, then slowly edging their way toward the road, looking at the moose watchers with enough curiosity to make you wonder who's come to spot whom.
have ended merger talks because they were unable to agree on terms, Fisons said yesterday.
Like Demers, Savard predicted that Turgeon will blossom here.
A ground-floor restaurant will use a wedge-shaped terrace facing Columbus Circle.
Perched slightly above a boisterous sea of white cowboy hats, one box featured ruddy-cheeked men with fist-sized silver belt buckles.
Tickets, $225, from (212) 870-5585.
Other possible purchasers would be companies like Northern Telecom of Canada or Ericsson of Sweden, but those companies might well run into political trouble by virtue of their foreign ownership.
"This is just Round 2," Chief Van Dunk said.
The best players in the world on one of its best stages.
Since early this summer, memos have gone out to Republican lawmakers teaching them how to talk to their elderly constituents about the coming proposals to cut Medicare.
The Suffolk County Executive, Robert J. Gaffney, had described the raise "as an incredible display of arrogance," coming at a time when, he said, Lilco's high electricity rates threatened the Island's economic recovery.
And Jessica Delgado, who has an infant daughter, said she thought welfare workers had tried to pressure her to terminate the pregnancy.
Soon, to their astonishment, a whole herd of the unusual horses appeared.
Some Democrats Irate at Clinton Democrats in Congress are still irate over President Clinton's statement this week that he raised taxes "too much" in 1993.
"That suggests this is a polarized atmosphere," Ruth W. Messinger, Borough President of Manhattan, said yesterday, referring to the exodus of finalists.
The Rangers, in their first season under Colin Campbell as coach, were swept by the Flyers after having eliminated the Quebec Nordiques, now the Colorado Avalanche.
When he arrived nearly two years ago, he could not do much with his North Korean political science degree.
Such was the disdain of Rugby Union types for Rugby League types that, for decades, any Union player who crossed the lines to play League earned an immediate lifetime ban from Rugby Union.
"This is a great victory for us," Nick Faldo said.
A little schmoozing, a little poking around in the dining rooms and kitchens of new restaurants or ones he hadn't seen in a while, a little recruiting of new restaurant spies -- or surveyors, as he calls them, more politely.
But it was not gambling directly that brought Mr. Lai under the Federal microscope.
Japan's unemployment rate rose to its highest level ever in April, adding to fears that the world's second-largest economy was slipping back into recession and entering an era of higher joblessness.
The most conspicuous sign, at least architecturally, of this sea change in the life of secular Jerusalem is the Kenyon Jerusalem, the city's first shopping mall -- a sprawling structure on three levels with vaulted skylights, covered parking and a central atrium -- which opened last year in the southeast corner of the city.
A recent study done at Bell Laboratories, the high-tech think tank near Princeton, N.J., found that the most valued and productive engineers -- at least among electrical engineers working in teams of up to 150 people -- were not those with the highest IQs, the highest academic credentials or the best scores on achievement tests.
Lynne Margaret Benedict, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Whitlock Benedict of Ridgewood, N.J., was married yesterday to Henry Knox Sherrill Wilson, a son of the Rev.
"They were all there waiting for air-conditioners.
Meggett, who was presented with jersey No.
Erich Kunz, an Austrian bass-baritone who sang with the Vienna State Opera, the Salzburg Festival and the Vienna Volksoper for more than three decades, died on Sept. 8 in Vienna.
By contrast, Lieutenant Martin attributed the theft of three cars in the top 10 list of most stolen cars -- 1994 Toyotas, Hondas and Nissans -- to the growing number of stolen cars exported to Third World nations, where there are few or no dealerships that sell new cars and where vehicle registration is often nonexistent.
"Very simply, $19 a share is grossly inadequate, and the company is not for sale," Mr. Gould said at a news conference after a closed board meeting today.
The decision, which reduced the team's roster to the limit of 12 players, means the Mavericks will pay nothing toward Tarpley's $3.9 million salary.
Yield: Topping for four pizzas.
Her father retired as a senior lawyer at Con Edison in New York.
What's the rationale for this?
My fun is in trying to be both entertaining and educational.
George Pataki until the Governor meets with union officials so they can urge him to sign it.
In "The Big Nowhere," cops regard the ghetto of South Central as an enemy camp, crimes against minority victims as unworthy of investigation, and legal niceties as easily abridged inconveniences.
Dancing in the Streets TUESDAY -- Dancing in the Streets, which produces performances in public spaces, will benefit from a buffet dinner at the Kaplan Penthouse at Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street.
When Neil L. Rudenstine, the president of Harvard University, took an unscheduled leave of absence last winter, suffering from the stresses of his job, he received 1,500 get-well cards from faculty and students.
His entry in the Encyclopaedia Britannica suggests another reason for someone dead since 32 B.C.
For Mr. Ford, who said he saw the first film only once, while preparing for the remake, the prospect of being compared with Bogart never caused any loss of sleep.
On the same day, the documents were filed in several other courts as well.
"He didn't do it all the time.
Now, 100 yards from Mr. Elliott's trailer, technician on a set meant to resemble a South American village are preparing an ambush that in the final cut will include action footage taken from the film "Clear and Present Danger."
But members of both parties said they might support allowing forces to help withdraw United Nations peacekeepers.
In the end, it got $120 million.
"As soon as teachers go back to work," he added, "the Government will be ready to reopen its dialogue" with labor unions and loosen the state of siege, which suspends civil rights.
These concessions to political and fiscal reality hardly dampened Mrs. Whitman's exultant mood as she and her fellow Republicans in the majority in both houses of the Legislature awarded themselves the credit for New Jersey's steady economic recovery.
I would feel a little sad that I lost: I had a chance and it was so close, and I let it slip."
"These guys do all the work.
If arms control is not successful, Mr. Perry said, "we would be willing to take whatever action is necessary.
On June 27 there will be "My First Party" and "My First Magic" from the Dorling Kindersley series.
Mr. Short brought a similar insistency to "I Was Young and You Were Beautiful," an obscure gem by George Gershwin and Irving Caesar.
Chuck Close Pace Wildenstein Gallery 142 Greene Street, near Houston Street SoHo Through Jan. 13 After years of painting straight-on heads, Chuck Close has made what is a big change within the narrow confines he has set for himself.
Whatever the occasion for disposal, I try to return lighter than I left.
Unlike Keystone, Breckenridge permits snowboards everywhere, as does Copper.
Anchors on both newscasts will promote the coming segments on the other channel.
Told by a reporter that she looked beautiful, she responded, "Why wouldn't I, with these seven beautiful men?"
Japan's current account surplus fell 20.5 percent in July from a year earlier, the Finance Ministry announced yesterday.
It's a gamble for Coach Colin Campbell, still finding his footing in Year Two.
So what was the weird feature?
"We just did not want any strikeouts in the No.
Mr. Biederman also saw a business opportunity.
GLIMMERGLASS OPERA Cooperstown, July 1-Aug. 21 (607-547-2255).
Mr. Richardson said he learned "patience and skill and tenacity negotiating with native Americans," adding, "This negotiation was not too different."
"Right now, the way I see it, we should be going for what could be a sixth ring for me.
The show of solidarity indicated that Japan, for the moment at least, will not budge, even as the Clinton Administration moves to impose sanctions on billions of dollars of Japanese products exported to the United States.
There's no kosher food around here and there's no yeshiva.
But this time, Ken Harlan, a Norfolk Fire Department investigator who was searching the site as a result of a suspicious fire on Christmas at an automated teller machine in the building, watched the suspect coolly fire.
"I said, 'Send the guy who holds the towels.'
For all of that, the public shrank from some of the Republican proposals: 60 percent said unmarried teen-age mothers should be allowed to receive welfare.
Shares of Charter were up 87.5 cents, at $19.25, on the American Stock Exchange.
If the Senate does not move fast enough in approving elements of the Republican agenda passed by the House, Mr. Dole could be blamed for the failure.
After the withdrawal from the airport early in the evening, it appeared that the Somali police had taken control of the area because the lights were on and the generator seemed to be operating, officials said.
A wave of change is sweeping across national governments worldwide.
They put in a four-colored Mediterranean roof and resurfaced the facade with rose-colored stucco.
The units cost $125,000 and another $25,000 for installation.
Mr. Lin is one of many in western Japan for whom a 20-second temblor means more anguish than a lifetime can assuage.
I started working with other women to form the Women Veterans of America."
During decades of hard luck, Lakehurst, N.J., always had its Navy base to bolster the local economy.
Mr. Malakhov is known principally as a classical dancer in the Romantic mold.
One stroke behind is Patrick Burke, in his fifth season.
But it can be installed in any car for a few hundred dollars.
The surveys indicate that the decline in burglaries has particularly benefited inner-city blacks, whose neighborhoods were previously hardest hit.
But Italy's economic revival is a fragile one, and many here say the killing reflected social tensions that have been masked by the continuing carousel of governments in Rome.
Aleksandr is a math whiz who came to New York from his native Russia three years ago.
"There wasn't anything that he didn't have an opinion on," Mr. Rangel said.
As such, he adds, "that's the only way I know to run this place."
AMERICAN RECREATION CENTERS INC., Rancho Cordova, Calif., an operator of bowling alleys, plans to buy back up to one million common shares on the open market in the next year.
"I take the floor simply to express my contempt for the effort to introduce such unwarranted and gratuitous slurs on decent human beings on the floor of this House," he said.
These are the hoses wired to rear up like snakes responding to a charmer and a small cluster of hair dryers that passes for a tribal mask.
Custody banks collect fees for holding securities and providing record-keeping services for investors.
Butterscotch puddings for her grown-up mind.
"They told us to watch our backs and not to resist if confronted."
Those cuts will help pay for the new immigration initiatives, but Mr. Clinton will not disclose details of all the cuts until he sends his budget request to Congress next month.
Who can forget that late 90-yard touchdown grab in the first of the Cowboys' consecutive National Football Conference title victories over San Francisco that helped lead Dallas to the first of its two straight Super Bowl titles?
Brian Evans scored 23 points and No.
Termination of manned space flight would admittedly have drawbacks.
I'm just saying that I'm not aware of it.
As evidence of chronic injury, the incidence of foot problems rises with age in women but not in men.
Five pages of the six-page, typewritten, single-spaced report, which has not been publicly released, focus on allegations involving Mr. Goldstein.
The county has persuaded holders of $800 million in municipal bonds to give it another year to pay.
Ms. Harvey's announcement was viewed as a preemptive strike on the Witek bill.
ASSERTION Bankruptcy in the trust fund could be prevented with much smaller savings than the Republicans are contemplating.
Imagine the positive impact on Israelis if Mr. Assad had just come to the Rabin funeral and not said a word.
"Our daughter was very sick and we needed money badly.
John Truscott, press secretary for Mr. Engler, described the Michigan Governor as "very activist" and estimated that he won half the union vote.
The company's photographic business "clearly can grow through global expansion," he said, noting Polaroid's efforts for the last few years to increase sales by getting its products into emerging economies such as Russia.
The assault on Grozny has been a growing humiliation for Moscow from the day it began.
In the 1980's, Barclay Kamb, then the provost at Caltech, said Dr. Patterson's thinking and imagination were "so far ahead of the times that he has often gone misunderstood and unappreciated for years, until his colleagues finally caught up and realized he was right."
"Somebody didn't get the puck out," Nedved said, not naming any names.
A fourth man, Daniel Rice, a supporter of Mr. Bowen's, was shot in the leg and hand.
And the tunnel's storied past, as well as its possible future use as a light-rail corridor, has Albert F. Cafiero exasperated.
"The real issue is whether there is much money left on the sidelines that could go back into the market," Ms. Callies said.
Schubert does two things that seem appallingly, arrogantly simple: he establishes an atmosphere, with repetitive, tidal motions of harmony and rhythm, and then he places perfect melodies in their midst.
His voice was steady, almost monotonous, and his breath rose in thick clouds in the near-freezing air.
A jury ruled that the 1964 letter was legally binding and that the university could keep the collection, which is the crown jewel of its archives in Mugar Memorial Library.
The real patriots are those who stand their ground, working to build and bring hope to both urban and rural America.
Light verse authors like Eugene Field, Edgar Guest, James Whitcomb Riley and Robert W. Service published best sellers in 19th-century America; Ogden Nash, Dorothy Parker, Christopher Morley and Phyllis McGinley successfully carried the tradition into the 20th.
Asked about three-run home runs, which he has become ecstatically familiar with this season, Indians Manager Mike Hargrove said: "It's a whole lot of catching up or putting a game out of reach with one swing of the bat.
Without him, Dave Brown found Chris Calloway on 4 passes for 97 yards in the first half, including a 26-yard touchdown when Chiefs cornerback Dale Carter fell down.
As so often in history, greatness led to hubris, and hubris to catastrophe.
Dr. William Langston, a neurologist who is director of the Parkinson's Institute in Sunnyvale, Calif., said: "The intensity is quite hot.
Nor does she get at the roots of Hopper's psychology.
"The shoreline east of New Haven was off 30 percent, New Haven was off 40 percent, Hartford was off about 20 percent and the town of Avon was off 40 percent."
We're merely doing it to work some bugs out of the system.
Ironically, the first Oviraptors were discovered by an American Museum expedition in the 1920's and given their name because it was assumed they were predators of eggs found at the scene.
"It was the most disheartening thing since Richard Todd was intercepted in the A.F.C.
"It is conduct that will not be tolerated."
It is part of the struggle between the idyllic beauty of French fashion's past and the modern era as seen through the work of minimalistic younger designers whose innovation depends on high-tech fabrics and computer colors.
" Mr. Haggag had been indicted on conspiracy charges in the case for what the prosecution initially said had been his involvment in the Mubarak assassination plot, but he had entered a plea deal last week under which he is testifying for the prosecution in return for its agreement to drop those charges against him.
The roles of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt during World War II.
Although that was down from $285.2 million, or $3.05 a share, a year earlier, the 1993 quarter included a $200 million gain from reversing part of a provision related to asbestos insurance coverage.
Designated hitter MATT STARK is mulling a minor league offer.
Although "New Passages" professes to be kindly and even-handed, Ms. Sheehy can sound vengefully sharp when defining what men have to look forward to.
"Show Boat" led in the 1995 Drama Desk Awards on Sunday night, winning the prize for outstanding musical and four more: for best director, Harold Prince; set design, Eugene Lee; lighting, Richard Pilbrow, and costumes, Florence Klotz.
Chronic reliance on alcohol will not facilitate the healing process and will make necessary life-style changes difficult if not improbable.
Buttons for the power locks and windows are in the armrest, where they should be, and there are grab handles for the passengers.
The six-month season of the Napa Valley Farmers Market began last month in front of the St. Helena Public Library, 1492 Library Lane, two blocks east of Main Street.
Otherwise, they can be honorably discharged.
The systems use a sensor that is placed in the mouth, where it reacts to the X-ray emission much the way a video camera records light and forms an image.
Should he die or become incapacitated, Prime Minister Viktor S. Chernomyrdin, 57, would become Acting President, and would have to call presidential elections within three months.
recorded a tribute album, "I'm Your Fan," and the new "Tower of Song" is a tribute from performers whose sales dwarf Mr. Cohen's own, among them Billy Joel, Sting, Willie Nelson, Elton John, and Bono of U2.
With passenger traffic running about 7 percent below last year's level, it is expected that one million fewer people will have flown into Denver this year than last.
Such a move would mean that the board had rejected a $3.5 billion buyout offer from Constantine L. Hampers, the founder of the unit, National Medical Care Inc. Grace, based in Boca Raton, Fla., said its board had not yet considered a formal divestiture proposal but would make a decision by mid-July after a recommendation by the company's chief executive, Albert J. Costello.
Or spend the afternoon at Pimlico, where the Preakness Stakes is run each May.
"A k a Don Bonus," a crude but fascinating documentary that will be shown Sunday and Wednesday, is unguarded in a different way.
Since Randy Smith was finally introduced as the Tigers' general manager yesterday, he can publicly express his interest in Showalter.
"I have watched a bunch of kids that would have been standing on the street corner talking about how good they could have been.
Work (Oxmoor House, $14.95) has been published.
Bassett Real Estate, 1218 Duval Street, Key West, Fla. 33040, (800) 780-1386, currently has properties with monthly costs starting at $1,800 off-season ($3,000 in season) for a one-bedroom, one-bath apartment above a Watson Street house with a pool, deck and Jacuzzi.
Of this, 73,000 was in business services -- mostly temporary help and computer people, the Labor Department found.
At another point, Mr. Silver asked, "Are we doing a campaign commercial, Governor, is that what we're doing?"
But as a female pirate, she is priceless.
Mr. McCall has since backed away from his suggestion of a 1997 candidacy against Mr. Giuliani.
The rates all went up at once.
Senator Lynch also charged that Mrs. Whitman was doing the popular thing by cutting income taxes, but failing to address the explosive issue of wages, lest it tarnish her national reputation.
Since then, Mr. Snyder has hunted for a new empire, and the gossip in New York's publishing circles often concerned reports of his possible ventures.
N.A.S.D., the brokerage industry's self-regulatory organization, said it had imposed the fine against Worthen Investments Inc.; Patrick Miller, the former president; Frank McGibbony, its executive vice president and former compliance officer, and seven of its registered representatives.
Generally what we're finding now is that while the support as far as the midwifery goes is very good, women want more social support."
The students found that by determining how Netscape's formula generated the number used as a starting point for creating a key, they were able to greatly reduce the potential combinations that would unlock the code.
Indeed, some of this season's budget commercials archly pay homage to last year's famous, or infamous, "Harry and Louise," the couple invented by the insurance industry to torpedo the Clinton health-care proposal.
In an old cabaret space next to the Roundabout's main 499-seat auditorium in the Criterion Center at Broadway and West 45th Street, workers are putting the final touches on the 399-seat Laura Pels Theater, where Mr. Haimes will stage new works by some playwrights whose older plays have already been presented as Roundabout revivals.
A veteran legislator, Guido Girardi, president of the house committee on the environment, also takes Tompkins's side.
Duke Snider has been sentenced for tax fraud, and Willie McCovey awaits sentencing.
But the county's ardent anti-tax groups are gearing up for battle.
We know that is the case.
'THE COMPLETE BLUE NOTE ANDREW HILL SESSIONS (1963-66)' Mosaic; seven CD's ($112) Andrew Hill is the pianist and composer that the jazz renaissance has overlooked.
Holy Bull galloped two miles this morning to prepare for his second race of the year, and he was the star when the owners and trainers met over breakfast to conduct the draw for post position and to hear the early odds.
Peter Winter (Peter Greene) appears to be a child-killer, but not much about him is objectively clear.
MORRIS MUSEUM "Japonica Magnifica," paintings and drawings of Japanese flowers and plants by Raymond Booth, artist and horticulturist.
News releases, entries and schedules are provided, and the trivia makes interesting reading, too.
He surrendered his spot to Tab Ramos after the goal in the 68th minute.
In memory of that interest, earlier this year the foundation started the John Sawyer Seminars in the Comparative Study of Cultures, a series of interdisciplinary seminars at leading universities on major social issues.
"Maybe you want to substitute faith for ideology.
When the two men bought their house in Southbury, Conn., they set about designing the proper setting for the pool and the barn/ pool house, which has room for pool equipment downstairs and has a large bathroom upstairs next to a spacious changing room that overlooks the pool.
She is strikingly youthful in the City Hall upper echelons where men who are her seniors by a generation or more are the norm.
This is at violent odds with the tightly controlled Hasidic life portrayed by the author, where the number of times a week a man is required to have intercourse with his wife is determined by his occupation, and where women are not allowed to sing in the presence of men.
The 32-day strike, which ended two weeks ago, slashed Brazil's crude and refining output.
But in fact he cradled his son in his arms for almost half an hour at the end.
"I hit it and it was like, 'You did it,' " he said.
Verbeek and Messier are tied for the team goal-scoring lead with 22.