''Human nature doesn't change that much,'' he said.
''You manage according to the needs of your company,'' Mr. Arledge said yesterday, a day after he had decreed a major cutback at ABC News that eliminated about 75 positions in the 1,100-member organization.
Mr. Warner's Republican colleagues are said to be pressing him hard to go along with the plan.
''I'll bet that I am the only candidate who had a campaign committee that reported the in-kind services contributed by taxis,'' the Mayor said.
Mr. Edelman said that his proposals were conditioned upon endorsement by Fruehauf directors and that he sought an answer by 10 A.M. Monday.
And, ABC's new managers had a specific time period in mind for the program: on Thursday nights, opposite NBC's extravagantly successful ''Cosby Show.''
Procedure in Prostate Surgery Men have suffered from enlargement of the prostate for centuries.
Metro-North passengers heading for Westchester County and Connecticut were given free subway rides from Grand Central to 125th Street, where trains departing for the suburbs ran at least 30 minutes behind schedule.
Where once there was Fall/ Winter, Resort, Spring and Summer, there is now Fall 1, Fall 2, Transitional, Early Holiday, Resort, Late Holiday, Spring 1 and Spring 2.
His wife, Lorna, was across the street.
Asked if relations with the United States had been damaged by accusations against General Noriega, Mr. Abadia said, ''Not at all.''
#4.Lift the sliced cabbage from the steamer.
Judge Farris was forced by illness to step down 15 weeks after the trial began.
Asked to name the ideal number of children for a family to have, almost two-thirds of the adults surveyed, or 64 percent, said one or two children would be ideal.
Calming of Discussion Asked These are his other recommendations: * The news media and politicians should calm their discussions of child abuse.
One would require each side to notify the other in advance of all tests of 75 kilotons or greater.
''A lot of the popularity is because of the name, and the association with the Israeli Army,'' the engineer said.
''The Act's intended effect is to discredit evolution by counterbalancing its teaching at every turn with the teaching of creationism, a religious belief,'' Judge Jolly said.
But like a number of such owners in the Sintra region of central Portugal, the Braddells found the house too costly to maintain and have opened it to paying guests.
The images in many of the stories seem to me to come straight from Japanese paintings - mountains and clouds, pebbles and rivers, mist and the outline of branches.
Included in this category are Russian classics such as Sergei Eisenstein's ''Ivan the Terrible,'' contemporary Russian movies, some Indian films and cartoons.
Right now, the Federal Aviation Administration, which requires an air minimum of 10 cubic feet per person in the cockpit, has no requirement for passenger compartments.
The Twins also were involved in another trade.
New York: Charles Scribner's Sons.
It was he who encouraged me to enter the industry, which was unusual, especially in the South, where I grew up'' in South Carolina.
A press spokesman for the South Korean Embassy dismissed the group as ''just a bunch of dissidents,'' and said they had little impact in Washington.
Mr. Collins, who graduated from New York Institute of Technology and attended Columbia University, is a member of the Theodore Roosevelt Association's executive committee and chairman of the Sagamore Hill Committee.
But the State Board of Regents, stunned by the $2.57 million verdict, set out to investigate.
James Boyer was at work last Monday at New Era Communications, when a blast at 9:17 A.M. showered him with bits of ceiling board and dust.
The Federal report reflects the President's view that ''the success of welfare should be judged by how many of its recipients become independent of welfare.''
There are two models: one that plugs into the wall so a lamp can be plugged into it; and, where the wall outlet is not exposed to daylight, one that sits on a table top.
Mr. Merari said that since 1976 Abu Nidal has been held responsible for at least six operations in Pakistan - three assaults against Syrian targets presumambly undertaken on behalf of Iraq, two attacks on pro-Arafat Palestinians and one on a Kuwaiti diplomat.
It is not without poetry, either.
In a game called Omnibus, the agency takes a scenario from Defense Guidance, the Pentagon's annual strategic review, and seeks to determine whether the Army can achieve the missions assigned.
Tickets to each event cost $100.
The last time he was on the island, a few weeks ago, he witnessed a santeria ceremony with bata (hourglass-shaped hand drums) drummers and dancers.
But, he said, ''I always ask, 'What can we do?'
And the bank still has heavy loans - $450 million - to drilling and service companies.
concert, Davies is having breakfast at the Red Flame coffee shop on 57th Street.
The shuttle was designed to carry 65,000 pounds of cargo but payloads carried thus far have not exceeded 50,000 pounds.
In operational SS-25's, the Russians said, the re-entry vehicle will be more than half the throw-weight.
Consumerism may be the most shallow of the 20th century's various isms, but it is hard to deny its utter and complete triumph.
The program had been dropped April 30.
His father was a vice president of R.K.O.
Early in the tape, Miss Chong says: ''You don't have to worry about all the things you share with people, like food, makeup, toilet seats, telephones.
New York: Oxford University Press.
Mr. Williams said Mr. Lee has ''helped many people, black and white.''
The dancers are members of the New Haven Morris and Sword team, one of five Morris dancing groups statewide.
Would families thrive on a better mix of work and family for both parents?
''We need about 30 more grants just like that to help all the farmers here who could go out of business this year,'' said Mollie Anderson, director of the Greater Nebraska Job Training Program.
I would like to cover these openings, and saw an ad for plastic mouldings that looked like they would be easy to install.
Mr. Nitze in his testimony today said that Congressional efforts to compel the Administration to abide by some treaty provisions would undermine the United States' negotiating hand in the Geneva arms talks.
The East Side Chamber of Commerce and other organizations have suggested that land be sold at public auction (with a substantial upset price) and the proceeds earmarked for low-cost housing.
''Outpatient care is often substituted for more expensive in-patient care,'' Mr. Hackbarth of the financing agency said.
For the year, aerospace posted an operating income increase of 31 percent, to $163.9 million, on sales of $2.3 billion.
But apart from these, God seems to barely exist on the roads today.
Using Mortgage Interest Since mortgage interest will remain deductible, homeowners can borrow against their homes to finance consumer purchases and still deduct the interest.
''For me, I think, the worst part was the smoke from the explosion, the way it just hung there in the sky like a shroud,'' said Mrs. Nevergold.
As Mr. Reagan has moved to limit the role of the Federal Government and shift more responsibilities to the states, governors are assuming greater leadership in such areas as education, health care, trade and welfare revision.
When she saw the flames, she ran to a door.
That's the time to read.
There's only one problem: Will the public watch his programs?
Gandhi Becomes Involved But in Darjeeling, there has been no attempt so far to negotiate with Gurkhaland advocates, even though many people say the activists might settle for more regional autonomy, development aid and job opportunities.
Jim Wohlford greeted the reliever Dave Smith with a pinch-single that sent Winningham to third.
His memorandum complained bitterly that NASA management had long sacrificed crew safety under the pressure of a heavy launching schedule.
His father is a physicist at the National Bureau of Standards in Washington, where his mother, Zella Ruthberg, is a computer scientist.
After decades of obscurity, ''Casanova'' was rediscovered in the archives of the Cinematheque Francaise, which had bought Albatross Films years ago.
They say he will be out of the public eye for anywhere from four to six weeks.
Roses are even memorable in great scenes from the movies.
And although his City Opera debut, three years later, was not particularly auspicious - he sang Arturo in ''Lucia di Lammermoor,'' and as he waited for the evening's Lucia to join him in the wedding scene, the plume of his hat grazed a candelabra and caught fire - things have clearly gone much better since then.
Melvin Kennedy, tied up on the sideline by Brust and Jones, stepped out of bounds and Jackson hit a jumper.
The space station, whose control has been lodged primarily at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, is destined to become NASA's next major development program after the space shuttle returns to service.
Well, I didn't know very much, but I've learned a lot.
The seven, members of a group known as the Black Hebrew Israelites, were among six men and three women arrested Saturday when police raided two Yahweh Temple residences in Queens.
10 THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER, by Tom Clancy.
Mr. Morrissy explained that tenants will be instructed that they, too, must cooperate in saving their buildings by reporting vandalism and crime and taking care of their apartments and corridors.
''It's fantastic how all of you handle this kind of thing,'' I said.
In the occupied West Bank, youths burned tires and stoned passing Israeli cars at the Shuafat refugee camp north of Jerusalem.
The settlement is the largest amount ever paid in California for a violation of state campaign laws.
Before the fair was set up with municipal funds four years ago, the region's walnuts and pecans were bought by wholesale dealers and sold elsewhere.
''I can't think of a better way to celebrate my birthday,'' she said.
The pleasure of experiencing nature with children in all seasons, leisurely making collections, exploring beaches, woods or ponds, recording scientifically, printing, studying insect life, botany, etc.
After all, you want your tripod to insure precise framing, and if the head slips after you've lined up your shot, you might as well be holding the camera in your hands.
T+72.204 - (The flawed booster begins to pull away from the side of the ship, the flame having eaten through the the booster's retaining support.)
Mr. Bailey was considered the more conservative candidate.
Instead, follow the technique shown in the drawing: Spray one side or wall first by aiming straight at it, then spray the other side or wall in the same manner.
As far as the string sound goes, this is soft Bach, but if you are not bothered by the rounded edges you will get much pleasure from the lovely work of the soloist.
'' ''This is a very unusual specimen,'' said Harold Pratt, a biologist with the National Marine Fisheries Service, who came here to look over the monster as part of a Federal study of great whites and other sharks.
In addition, the students are put through exercises.
He went on to play football professionally in 1932 for the New York Giants and in 1933, 1934 and 1937 for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Officials here are conscious of the passage of time, as they approach Congressional elections in November and then the start of the race for succession to Mr. Reagan the following year.
* 6* 9 14 A PERFECT SPY, by John le Carre.
A portrait of Isaac Bashevis Singer told through interviews with the Nobel Prize winner and readings of his works by Judd Hirsch; directed by Amram Nowak.
The dispute has turned bitter.
The book, her first, was inspired by her observations of herself while she was the subject of a research project.
Many travelers are also believed to have been avoiding T.W.A.
At home he has taken emergency powers, detained thousands and throttled the press.
''A lot of them are married people without children and, if both are working and nobody is at home to shop, the proximity to town is an asset.''
Each SS-20 missile carries three warheads.
Until recently the waterway between Chesapeake and Delaware Bays has marked the limit of the boom.
Lucky Stores rose 1 3/4, to 36, on volume of more than 4.4 million shares.
Col. Oliver L. North, the former National Security Council aide.
The World Saxophone Quartet creates extraordinary music with a minimum of instruments - just the four saxophones (with the occasional substitution of flutes and clarinets) wielded by Julius Hemphill, David Murray, Oliver Lake and Hamiet Bluiett.
Lambert, a right wing, scored 16 goals and 25 assists in 45 games with the Red Wings' Adirondack (N.Y.) farm team last season.
But even if the two sides could agree that such restrictions do apply to new systems, there is the issue of how strictly these restrictions should be interpreted.
Sometimes Mrs. Mullen thinks of all the good books written that no one reads any more.
That mild proposal was made a while back but was beaten down by environmental groups.
There are, of course, many square miles of suburbs that have, as elsewhere in the nation, obliterated everything in their path.
Given that abstract art has mostly been treated as a matter of the internal ecology and autonomous self-adjustment of art, the reappearance and possible validation of a mystagogic interpretation was bound to disturb a great many interested people.
''Like all his predecessors, he was put in for political reasons,'' said one United Nations official.
Another free concert, with Murry Sidlin at the helm of the New Haven Symphony on June 29 at 2 P.M., concludes West Haven's three-day, 25th anniversary celebration on the green.
The telephone call was apparently granted to Mr. Daniloff for humane reasons, as he had expressed concern about whether his children were back in the United States after their vacations here, Mrs. Daniloff said.
A couple of new factors could be introduced into the market equation later this week, analysts said.
Many civil-rights lawyers (this one included) regard that ruling in the Rodriguez case as wrong and unfortunate.
2 CALLANETICS, by Callan Pinckney with Sallie 2 17 Batson.
Then there's the gossip and the off-camera disasters.
Women are happy or unhappy, fulfilled or unfulfilled, and it has nothing to do with men.
Add to that a sense of humor, and you have a diplomat who deserves better than Henry Kissinger's backhanded compliment - that Mr. Dobrynin has been ''no more deceitful'' than his job requires.
Included in his 33-point average against Houston are games in which the Laker star scored 46 and 43 points.
The Sumida Line has 40-minute summertime cruises departing from the Azuma bridge near the Asakusa Temple, a major tourist attraction.
The Mets need to revive that feeling because they lost their killer instinct at times this weekend.
''We've got something better,'' Vinnie said.
Monitor electricity use at home over the following weekend and, 2., Write a report on life without electricity and life with electricity.
Because such special films see differently from all others, they are favored for special-effects photography, producing images that are surreal, extreme in tonality, or avant-garde.
An article yesterday about a New York Times/CBS News Poll on plans to watch the Liberty centennial celebrations omitted the answer to a question.
But those who yearn for college football the way it used to be might find solace among the fans of Yale, who haven't forgotten how to dress for a fall gridiron classic.
''This is helping to give it back to us.''
Don Pringle of the Genesee County Sheriff's Department.
Difficult Problem Solved In the diagramed deal from the Vanderbilt semifinal, the partnership solved one of the most difficult problems in bidding: when to reject a known eight-card fit in a major suit and attempt a no-trump game.
And in 1984 a retired air force colonel was sentenced for supplying information about the French aeronautical industry to a Soviet agent.
The main argument being used by opponents is that Saudi Arabia has failed to support the United States in its Middle East peace initiatives and in fighting terrorism and should no longer be provided with whatever weapons it wants.
The Army is considering a new lottery that has nothing to do with the draft.
''Not from the mound,'' Ojeda said.
''We are disappointed it was turned down,'' he said.
Basically, the N2020 has all the features of the non-autofocus N2000 (such as a 2.5-frame-per-second built-in motor), which was introduced last August.
'A Tremendous Help' ''This may not sound like a lot, but these are the kids hardest to place -black, male and school-age,'' she said.
The holiday season is a time for giving .
Unless the Communists suddenly reverse political course, authorities here say, they will pose a serious threat to President Corazon C. Aquino's efforts to revive the economy and restore democracy.
Both seem inspired by the wet-suit looks that previously surfaced for fall in the collection of David Cameron.
The Capitals pulled ahead, 4-3, with three consecutive goals in the middle period.
Because of the lost oil revenue, economists now see a far more serious situation.
The discounting is so widespread that nobody knows what the original price was.
He has become Manhattan's most active real-estate developer, and the car telephone is crucial to the job.
It was a 40-mile drive each way in her 1979 Toyota Celica, but the Bruce Springsteen tapes made it seem shorter.
Judge Sand ruled last November that the city had intentionally and illegally segregated the city's housing as well as its schools for nearly four decades, leading to the ''remedy'' hearings.
''Flowing Rock, Still Waters,'' a multi-media event with music, video, film and dance, by the Elaine Summers Dance and Film Company.
In 1850, when San Francisco boasted a population of 35,000, Los Angeles was still a village of 1,600 inhabitants.
Previous efforts to find the AIDS virus, called HTLV-III or LAV, in saliva have yielded greatly different results.
Joseph E. Antonini, the chief executive of the K Mart Corporation's apparel division, has been named the president and chief operating officer of the company.
The Expedited Funds Availability Act, as fashioned by the House Banking Committee, is directed primarily at helping low- and middle-income depositors who maintain low average balances in their checking accounts and often need to draw quickly upon deposited checks.
Mexico has been a country relatively free of terrorism in recent years.
THIRTY years later, Charlie Conerly puts the 1956 Giants in perspective.
Vanderbilt fell to 10-10 and 4-7.
On practically every score by which these shows are judged, it has been rated as the best such event ever held in this country -and perhaps anywhere - in the history of the hobby.
Those whom the French sometimes describe as the ''Generation of 1870'' - Marcel Proust, Andre Gide, Paul Claudel, Paul Valery, all born around that year - grew up in the hothouse of fin de siecle estheticism and then went on to transform it into something strange and new.
He said Mr. Lazar had worked for the company from 1980 to 1982 as a marketing representative.
The Net forward was even more shocked when Jones immediately called his play, which resulted in a driving hook shot in the lane.
The newer systems using 2- by 4-foot panels that can be flexed slightly can be installed with as little as three inches of clearance between the grid and the existing ceiling.
He said that officials in about three-fourths of the cities ''reported that the public sector has failed to provide sufficient resources and effort to address the problem of homelessness.''
Even within broad categories such as reggae there are such derivatives as ''lovers' rock'' and ''dance-hall style.''
Starting in 1950, The A.P.
It's the baby's grandmother, not mother, who'll get the increase in the welfare check.
The Nicaraguan Humanitarian Assistance Office administered the $27 million in nonlethal aid to the Nicaraguans voted by the Congress.
A year later, I signed mine, and he resented it.
The original singers were assembled by Duke Alfonso of Ferrara to perform concerts for his young wife.
A barbecued half chicken costs $5.
rushing records at Cornell University, then played professionally with the Minnesota Vikings and the New York Jets.
Second Indictment in 2 Years Thomas McCarthy, a spokesman for Queens District Attorney John J. Santucci, whose office is conducting the inquiry, would not provide any information about the indictment or say why it had been sealed.
Richard Hu, previously chief executive of Shell Oil's operations in Singapore, is the new chairman of the authority as well as the Finance Minister.
The statement was accompanied by a black-and-white photograph of one of two Americans still in captivity, Terry A. Anderson, the chief Middle East correspondent of The Associated Press.
Ellen wins connections and trust worldwide because her interest in building an international symphony is genuine.
This last was a recycled-fiber slam at a Federal judge whose nomination was a matter of recent controversy.
John L. Baker, the head of Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, said that he, too, did not have all the facts.
Construction is scheduled to start this fall on a 26-story building with 200,000 square feet of Class A office space.
''There is, I think, an agreement among members that tax reform is going to pass and that people will be investing their dollars based on good business practices as opposed to hiding it from the Government,'' he said.
His father is president of the Simonds Companies of Westport, a holding company for privately held manufacturing concerns.
Kevin and Rebecca Reed and their two young children live in Glasgow, Del., a rural community in the northwestern corner of the state.
It was a part that led him a few years later to California, where his movie career began with ''Dirty Little Billy,'' about Billy the Kid.
''I love that girl as if she were my own daughter,'' Mr. Reilly said, ''and I guess that and my friendship with Jack and his family are what brought me into the foundation.
We're in a hurry; so after filling up with propane at an RV campsite near Barstow, a desolate, treeless place that fits our image of a penal colony in the sub Sahara, we hit the worst stretch of the desert at about noon, with 200 miles to go.
Pat Rocowski, an administrator for the program, said, '' 'Women in the Trades' has been designed by tradeswomen to let other women know that opportunities exist for them as pipefitters, ironworkers, carpenters and roofers.''
There were no signs of forced entry, according to the police, who said no motive had been established for the slaying.
He is content to give a coherent, well-informed account of an episode that clearly has long fascinated him and that he has studied seriously.
According to the report, Mr. Reagan at one point referred to Colonel Qaddafi's reported proclivity for flamboyant attire, saying, ''Why not invite Qaddafi to San Francisco, he likes to dress up so much?''
Among its 150 crewmen are 64 cadets of the Indonesion Naval Academy, who are aboard for training.
In the third period, as the Rangers tried to tie the score, Larouche did not have a shot.
The rules stipulate that they will be thrown out if they are found using drugs of any kind, and for those who have been sent to the centers by the courts, this could mean prison.
It cannot be easy to feel Beethoven's true importance in our regularized, over-informed and over-packaged climate of musical performance, any more than it is to find Mozart's true graciousness beside the easy smoothness that outwardly resembles it.
He wanted the White Sox to guarantee 1987, the option year in his contract, add 1988 as an option year and pay him $250,000.
Mr. Brill, though, said a national paper - a legal version of USA Today - is not what he has in mind.
During those years he also managed to attend Harvard Business School's advanced management training program.
And she invites you to watch, too.
We didn't have any money for payrolls.
The emperor was named Qianlong, and he was the fourth ruler in the Qing dynasty.
At times, the emotional association between the two spheres metaphorically yoked is clear, though the spheres themselves are not ones customarily thought of together.
It continues to capture the public's imagination .
There will have been 150 corporate parties in 13 days.
James Abdnor of South Dakota is imperiled by a difficult primary fight, and Bob Kasten of Wisconsin has been weakened by an arrest on drunken-driving charges.
''DNA sequencing is the most-used biochemical process in laboratories,'' said Jim Schlater, senior vice president for sales and marketing.
By the time the demolition crews were sent out to the sites, temporary bypasses had been built to accommodate the flow of traffic.
Mayor Kash has been in office only since July and it has not been an easy tenure so far.
But how can a cast change create a markedly different effect?
As President, Mr. Marcos promised ''with the help of the masses to make this country great again.''
Education researchers said that 20 different types of learning disabilities have been identified, from dyslexia -the most well-known - to dysacusis (a hearing impairment that causes a distortion of pitch) to dysnomia (the inability to recall certain words).
One reason cited at the time for Mr. Reagan's decision not to use military force against Libya was the presence of more than 1,000 Americans in Libya.
In addition to shoppers and strollers, the kitten window attracts school groups and dogs that just like to visit the kittens.
The tradeoff for owning a unique Mac, as opposed to an MS-DOS computer, remains the lack of color capabilities, a more limited selection of software and the slower performance.
Mr. Finnegan was launched on a discreet program of minor liberal reform with his students - undermining the lock-step mental habits inculcated by the official Christian National Education ideology, encouraging students to contemplate occupations beyond the blue-collar/clerical destiny designed for coloreds - when a school boycott began all over the Cape.
Mr. Nakasone's intention was to end a dispute quickly that threatened to harm Japan's diplomatic relations and his own political standing.
Reagan Urges Aid for Contras On Monday, President Reagan repeated a call for Congressional support for the Nicaraguan insurgents, saying that failure to approve a $100 million aid package would be to ''abandon them to a Communist dictatorship.''
Roger Miller's ''Light to Shine'' from ''Big River'' and Amanda McBroom's tender love song to a child, ''Beautiful Girl,'' brought out a folksier side.
The Reagan Administration has opened a drive to shift some Federal Government assets and services to the private sector, and to persuade state and local governments to take the same action.
The race was the final downhill for Holly Flanders, the top American woman downhiller of the 1980's, who is retiring after nine seasons with the ski team.
As soon as his weight was announced, Holmes, wearing a deadpan expression, left with his entourage.
The awards have some formidable competition on their own channel.
He did say, however, that there had been no agreement by the company to allow the financier to look into USX's financial records - something Mr. Icahn has pursued - or by Mr. Icahn to refrain from increasing his 11.4 percent stake in USX.
After months of public trial and debate that have damaged the morale and standing of the University of Georgia, its outgoing president and the State Board of Regents struck a gentlemen's agreement today, declining to engage in their expected showdown over charges of favorable treatment given to student-athletes at the university.
Like the national letter, which was criticized by a lay commission of Catholics as being an attack on the free enterprise system, the Maryland letter has already encountered opposition.
The interview with Sir Alastair, according to Mr. Haslam of Buckingham Palace, was ''an opportunity to set things right.''
Actually, it was like a rape.''
ITEMS FROM BUSY HANDS Quilts, gingerbread and other old-fashioned things are beginning to dominate the scene as Connecticut prepares for Christmas.
We're not going to scare you, but we won't walk away from this.
A mound of addictive deep-fried zucchini sticks arrives as you are seated.
Kiri Te Kanawa, the New Zealand-born opera star who seems intent on proving herself a convincing interpreter of American vernacular music, has made impressive strides in mastering the colloquialisms of American popular song.
Or in powdered form in gingersnaps.
The idea behind such a busy schedule is for Tyson to become experienced in handling a variety of boxing styles so that when he eventually does fight for the title, he will have ring savvy and be able to cope with any contingency that could arise during a bout.
He noted that the Poles were first told of the nuclear accident by their Soviet allies in a bulletin from Tass, the Soviet press agency, two days after radiation began arriving.
It is not surprising that Miss Dean includes her trademark, spinning.
Many diplomatic and intelligence assessments in Manila and Washington held that Mr. Marcos would win by fraud, but that in any case Mrs. Aquino would not be a formidable figure.
Even such trend-proof toys as Mr.
But it was not forwarded to the Governor at the request of the State Board of Elections, which argued that the bill would have been unfairly enacted in the middle of the primary season, affecting some candidates but not all.
While we think of Noel Coward as the master of scintillating repartee, this comic scene isn't created by dialogue but by its absence.
At some agencies, like the Environmental Protection Agency, the outlook is less grim.
After today's game, they were flying to Quebec where they are scheduled to play the Nordiques Sunday night.
''He might very well become the darling of the Washington Establishment,'' The Press-Register said, ''but Howell T. Heflin will never again regain the respect and esteem he once enjoyed in the state he is supposed to represent in Washington.''
Meanwhile, the company is helping to teach Chinese farmers how to grow potatoes, which can be used in french fries - imitating similar work it did in Brazil.
He also was a producer for Universal from 1963 to 1965, and 1972 to 1977.
''The realignment takes the tension out of European exchange rates and should help bring interest rates down,'' said H. Onno Ruding, the Dutch Finance Minister and chairman of the meeting.
LIPPER: I would suggest that it's a very real risk.
''There's no market share left in Japan,'' said Katsuya Araki, assistant vice president of Pola U.S.A. Inc., the American subsidiary of the Japanese skin-care and cosmetics company.
The magazine, starting with a six-a-year frequency, will initially have a circulation rate base of 125,000 and will charge $5,950 for a four-color advertising page, $15 for a yearlong subscription and $3 a copy.
b-Includes an extraordinary gain of $1,972,000.
Whoever got it, definitely got a very strong heart.''
Mr. Larbi, who described himself as ''adventurous,'' said he took off by himself every chance he got, reasoning that the trips cost less than what many people pay for dinner and a show in New York.
Theories about comets rest on very little observed data.
As the Cowboys' tailback throughout the second half last night following Tony Dorsett's ankle injury, Walker rushed for a total of 64 yards and scored two touchdowns, including the winning score on a 10-yard scamper up the middle with 76 seconds remaining, atoning for his earlier fumble at the Cowboys' 14 that positioned the Giants' third touchdown.
Mr. de la Madrid particularly wants to use the Washington meetings to heal what he and other senior Mexican officials regard as a serious rift that has opened between the two Governments in the last three months.
The bride will wear a dress created by Carolina Herrera (who will attend with her husband, Reinaldo), and its design is a closely held secret.
''We spent about three or four hours on on the first 55 teams and the rest of the time on the final teams,'' Schultz said.
For the last year, the conservation group, which has about 250 members, has fought to close the landfill at Croton Point and to restore the surrounding marshlands, both requirements included in the Federal consent order that Westchester County signed in 1975.
''Wild Oats,'' directed by Kathryn Ballou, has 13 performers who play 28 parts.
And so the Israelis sent shipments, first 100 missiles and by September a total of 508.
In his solo to ''Liza,'' Christopher d'Amboise made effective contrasts between big steps danced full out and smaller ones performed in a deliberately offhand manner.
Beat in the parsley, salt and pepper.
ANTIDRUG BILL: Vote on an amendment on a sweeping bipartisan antidrug bill that would require the President to deploy the armed forces necessary to significantly halt the transport of drugs into this country by ship or airplane.
Theo Klein, a spokesman for Jews in France, said that additional meetings would be held before the end of the year.
Tasks can be broken into smaller increments for a while so that when students finish one part, they can report to the teacher and get the next assignment.
#35 WASHINGTON TALK 76 Profile: Walter E. Fauntroy THE REGION An ethics code for Democratic Partyofficials in New York State has been proposed by a panel of Democrats.
Occasionally it happened that a first-class air ticket would arrive in the mail with a summons to Paris.
''Then I slather it with onions and mustard and relish.
Piniella went to him an inning early (''Well, it was opening day,'' the manager explained with a grin), and Righetti survived the shock of seeing Bobby Meacham bobble a potential game-ending double-play ball.
David Rosenfeld, a freshman at Trenton State College and a 1985-86 ''New Jersey Bowl'' champion from Shawnee High School in Burlington County, said that the pressure was off because no money was involved.
''The contingency plans are well enough along so that we could move fairly quickly,'' said a senior White House official.
Is it worth the costs and risks?
Among the faces that provided a reminder of Bias's unfulfilled promise were those of Arnold (Red) Auerbach, president and general manager of the Boston Celtics, the team that drafted him; Tom McMillen, a recently retired member of the Washington Bullets and a former Maryland player who is running for Congress in Maryland, and Thurl Bailey, the Utah Jazz player who was a longtime friend of Bias.
Little white signs have popped up on walls around town, posted by the Patriotic Health Campaign Committee.
Referring to the very first vote the Senate takes in a new session of Congress to establish the majority party and thus the distribution of such things as committee chairmanships, he added: ''When control of the Senate is at stake, that first vote is all-important.
The police also feel despair about many younger lawbreakers, who don't mind being sent to the local detention center, where life is less crowded and more exciting than at home.
The designer, best known for his dresses and sportswear, has designed his first coat collection, for Merin Brothers, this season.
It's VCR's that have set much of the world on fire.
THERE is in her prose the democratic sense of mingling things, people and works of art.
Asked about the $6 million in invoice forgeries, Mr. Purec said: ''I am not at liberty to discuss anything.
Besides, he said, it's good for the consumer.
The strike at facilities in Milan, Ill., and Waterloo and Dubuque, Iowa, began Saturday.
''I can remember going into Hyde Park High School.
History here is not a neutral backdrop providing a context for individual growth and enlightenment; it is the canvas painted by acts of good or evil and should properly be a revelation of the divine intention, the panorama of salvation history in which people, sects and nations participate.
At a news conference here today, Mr. Rostenkowski, 58 years old, said he would plead guilty to the charges.
The transaction is subject to approval by shareholders and directors of State-Record and by Knight-Ridder's directors.
''There's some value about being No.
''But it's an armed struggle - it's bound to develop into quite a war, and the civilian population will be affected.''
Other senators who may join this core group include Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and Steven D. Symms of Idaho, Republicans, and Lloyd Bentsen of Texas, Max Baucus of Montana and David Pryor of Arkansas, Democrats.
Yet many analysts and industry executives continue to doubt that the OPEC pact can endure.
''I didn't want to start in the middle of the story because a lot of people do that,'' she said.
She is the company's controlling shareholder, and it lost him her support.
The eight black works constitute a series called ''Intuitions and Boundaries,'' which has been seen, one or two pieces at a time, at several sites in the New York metropolitan area.
Prices of many top-name tax-exempt bonds were up as much as a quarter-point, or $2.50 for each $1,000 of face value.
But in 1983, he fueled a new rebellion when he redivided the south into three districts.
He took a risk and he knew that if it didn't work out he would get panned but he did it for a good purpose.
Discovery Made in 1983 The dinosaur's scientific name is Baryonyx Walkeri.
(The rest of the 120 defenders had been killed.)
''But it is required for the mechanism to work, and this is what distinguishes what we are seeing from auroras.''
Other late dollar rates in Europe, compared with levels late Tuesday, were: 2.0685 West German marks, down from 2.0715; 1.6672 Swiss francs, down from 1.6762; 6.7225 French francs, down from 6.7425; 2.3295 Dutch guilders, down from 2.3395; 1,423.00 Italian lire, down from 1,425.75, and 1.3892 Canadian dollars, down from 1.3907.
''It's a heavy price to pay for six or seven people who couldn't get to work on time,'' he said.
''We've seen a tremendous surge of interest in chili,'' said Jonathan Levine, coordinator of the cookoff.
Do you think the requirements of the international atomic controls for nuclear energy are sufficient, or do you think something must be changed?
He pleaded guilty last week in Chicago to three counts of mail fraud and conspiracy, and faces a maximum 15-year sentence.
If it does, that would be the greatest possible challenge to the Russians because it would put at issue the legitimacy of their rulers, based on their claim of knowing how to make a Communist society function.
''Over all, I'm happy,'' said Coach Al Arbour, ''and I haven't been happy in a long time.
Ms. Kelly said that unless money and attention were given to protecting nongame species now, in 10 years the nation might have to devote ''extraordinary time and money to preventing their extinction.''
''We really don't know the cause of it quite yet, but we believe it was some kind of obstruction in the track itself.
But every solo, even when contrasted with the breathtaking dynamism of Patrice Bart's Rothbart, was correctly danced.
These are the lives behind the statistics of a new report that found an overburdened foster-care system that leaves many 18-year-olds ill-prepared for new lives on their own.
The 25-year-old Garcia, who came into the 235-man, 35-country tournament in Reno with only 15 bouts under his belt, will fight today against Cuba's three-time Olympic gold medalist, Teofilo Stevenson.
A nuclear reactor operator can meet all the rules established by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and still have a plant with potential safety problems, witnesses told a House subcommittee today.
Mike Sherrard, a rookie wide receiver, gathered in White's arching, 39-yard pass late in the opening period for the first Dallas touchdown and Rafael Septien booted a 32-yard field goal in the second quarter.
A senior White House official criticized the press early today for what he suggested was an inference that the invasion had been fabricated.
Had it been made for a network, each episode would have cost upwards of $400,000.
In the evening we walked down Constitution Avenue to the city's newest monument, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.
Their wills are reinforced by impudent misanthropy.
''I know them all,'' Miss Phillips said of the United States gymnasts as she sat on a couch.
Indeed, Government officials concede that six months ago they found it difficult to take seriously the demands for the creation of a Gurkhaland.
Mazda had a share of 1.8 percent and Subaru made up 1.2 percent of the market.
The agency reported in a study that the nation would probably meet 110 of its 226 objectives for better health by 1990.
Another victim, Timothy Grimes, has also refused to cooperate.
to ''bump up against the wall'' on cutting costs.
Last spring, after 20 years of trying, the scientists in their bunkers counted 310 salmon.
FOLLOWING complaints by city officials in Mount Vernon, the county moved last week to speed up the processing of drugs seized as evidence by various police departments in Westchester.
But the riotous diversity of the world's tropical rain forests may not last much longer.
Finally, I am calling on the state to increase the amount of funds that it provides for education.
(Luther's tract ''Against the Robbing and Murdering Hordes of Peasants'' appeared to have placed him unforgivably in the enemy camp.)
There was tremendous competition among cities vying for the home ports, which are expected to create jobs.
Officials in Basel said they believed about 440 pounds of toxic mercury washed into the river in the runoff from water dumped on the fire at the warehouse of Sandoz AG, one of the country's largest chemical companies.
For years, the terminal had seen hot dog stands, delicatessens and lunch counters come and go.
Access to those and other players in the Manila drama, Mr. Koppel said, made his broadcast ''totally different'' from what it might otherwise have been.
By midafternoon, Mr. Packwood, an Oregon Republican, and Mr. Rostenkowski, an Illinois Democrat, were meeting again.
Applications are submitted with a tape, two letters of recommendation and an essay.
The others are Dr. Grant Dahlstrom of the University of North Carolina and Dr. Jack Graham of Kent State University in Ohio.
For comic relief, Mr. Gabriel also includes a muscular funk tune called ''Big Time,'' which might be a comment on Mr. Gabriel's own ambitions or an ironic yuppie anthem: ''I'm on my way - I'm making it.
b-Net loss McDermott Inc. is a subsidiary of McDermott International, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
What on earth can his acquittal mean except that people like John Hinckley are not people like David Berkowitz, who was found guilty and deserving of punishment for his gruesome acts?
In addition, he or she must complete a three-year internship with a registered architect and pass a comprehensive four-day examination.
Even if state and city income-tax rates are lowered to offset this increase, too many New Yorkers will still pay increased Federal income taxes.
Professor Lopez was the founder and former chairman of the graduate program in medieval studies at Yale and a specialist in medieval and Renaissance history and the civilization of Europe.
The 39-year-old Laker center tied it at 108-108 on a skyhook with three minutes left.
Since 1978 a spate of general-interest science publications, including Time's Discover, Hearst's Science Digest, Omni and Science '86, has burst upon the market.
Julie Gardner and the saxophonist Duke Washington are a veteran team, working on a repertory that is built around songs associated with Ella Fitzgerald.
The victory strengthened his resolve to recapture his playing card on the PGA Tour, which he relinquished in 1982.
Jill Wine-Banks, an Assistant Attorney General, said state law requires that an organization claiming to give any proceeds to charity must give 75 percent.
The state's nine public-broadcasting stations acted after two candidates -Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Republican, and Denis E. Dillon of the Right to Life Party - withdrew last weekend from the television debate to protest the inclusion of Dr. Lenora B. Fulani of the New Alliance Party, a group they accused of extremist views.
b-Includes an after-tax gain of $1.1 million from the sale of a unit.
If poor Wordsworth were to stand on Westminster Bridge today, the prospect would be more likely to inspire an elegy than an ode.
''Most people who would be in favor of using the tax system for social engineering in the abstract are also in favor of the tax bill,'' Mr. Palmer said.
So far, according to Miss Lipsey, $400,000 has been contributed by private donors and an equal amount has been contributed by the city.
I call 1986 'The Year of Living Dangerously.'
Sore Shoulder Better Gomez was in the Masters two years ago but has since slipped, a combination of poor play and injuries.
Critics in the development community blame city officials, saying they gave too little thought to the project in their effort to get it done quickly.
Francis Kimball was best man.
Yes, I'd certainly prefer to see a screening of ''The Music Box'' from an ''original'' black-and-white 35-millimeter print, along with hundreds of other Laurel and Hardy fans at some theater.
Both have become extremely rich buying corporations since forming Wesray a few years ago.
''Even if there is some price strengthening by the end of the year, the third quarter may be the worst quarter so far in refining and marketing and overall earnings,'' said Thomas C. Lewis, an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc. ''The second-quarter results reflect the full impact of the dramatic fall in world crude-oil prices,'' Mr. Hartley said, noting that the company's price for a barrel of refined oil has dropped 40 percent in seven months.
So they will spend tonight and Saturday night at the United States Military Academy at West Point, N.Y.
Ballesteros blames Deane Beman, commissioner of the PGA Tour, for his banishment and keeps asking, ''Why should Deane Beman do this?''
''I have axes to grind,'' he said.
She finished 1.16 seconds ahead of Erika Hess of Switzerland, who regained the lead in the overall World Cup and slalom standings.
Such advertising, Mr. Silberglade told the F.T.C., ''misleadingly implies that whole milk is a low-fat food,'' while ''public health authorities, including the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agriculture, urge Americans to drink skim or low-fat milk.''
Its sales have been up for the last two years despite increasing pressure on second-tier brands from Coke and Pepsi, which can afford to spend more money on advertising and promotion and which have more clout in getting space on crowded retail shelves.
''I didn't want to rely on having to take parts I didn't want to do just so I could raise a family,'' Mr. Corley said.
''On the face of it, it seems to address things most people would think were wrong.
I used a dedicated word processor in business and bought a PC immediately prior to retirement.
Does the prospect of another golfball-size grilled quail excite you about as much as a tax audit?
''As the situation deteriorates, South Africa's chances of achieving any kind of respectable economic growth are fading,'' said Stephen Lewis of Phillips & Drews, a London brokerage firm.
The cafeteria extended its hours.
Clyde Leoppard and his Snearly Ranch Boys were another Memphis band that had a direct impact on the emergence of rock-and-roll.
Nona Balakian wrote in these pages in 1947 that the author ''presents an extraordinarily convincing panorama of occupied France with its fears and corruptions, its anxieties and humiliations.''
Meanwhile, the police in states along the route planned to close highways and increase patrols on the day of the event.
Music Unsettling to Some To Zaire's big names in music, Victoria Eleison is a bit unsettling.
The new enthusiasm for campus living is a paradoxical turnabout.
Protecting the Constitutional rights of the drunken driver has always been guaranteed by law.
An old man and an old woman sat on a bench on the embankment, which oddly enough, like all the benches along the canal, faced away from the water'') or Hopper (''The landlord's wife, who had finished cleaning up, stood in the white light of the open kitchen door; she was wearing high rubber boots'').
Then, with the Penguins on the power play and with their goalie on the bench for a sixth skater in an attempt to tie the game, Froese knocked away an in-close shot from Kevin LaVallee.
But it was Mr. Urban's remarks about the defection of Col. Wlodzimierz Kuklinski that stunned diplomats and Polish analysts.
Mr. Baker is expected to serve as the Vice President's campaign manager, and many senior Republicans hope Mr. Reagan will bring him back to the White House to replace Mr. Regan.
Everywhere, there is a joyous holiness, a festival of devotion, a pure faith given smiling from the heart.
SANTA FE RESTAURANT, #72 West 69th Street (724-0822) - * (Oct. 21, 1983) If you stick to the Texan or New Mexican version of Mexican food and price is no object, you will find a number of dishes to please you at this Manhattan interpretation of a chic Southwestern restaurant.
Dated between 1962 and 1967, they are reworkings of already existing photographic images that were collaged onto the canvas and painted over.
Senator Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon and the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has cited the sagging savings rate as one reason why the accounts should be limited to individuals who are not part of an employee pension program.
While some winery officials had said the union was avoiding striking Gallo for fear that workers at the family-owned winery would not honor picket lines, union leaders said the delay was part of strike strategy.
The long road will begin Wednesday night when they open their preseason campaign against the Falcons.
I've spoken to those people.''
Institutional investors of BankAmerica said they would support a $21-a-share exchange offer by First Interstate.
But a commission spokesman emphasized that the report did not mean to suggest that the reactor, still under construction, was unsafe.
They can be moved around through offshore ''fiscal paradises'' that are the favored refuges of money of all colors.
At the same time, he complained, the inspector general's office has a backlog of 1,200 cases, causing many investigations often to be neglected.
Trouble-free luxurious life, financed by robbed wealth, must be eliminated as an option for oppressors.
In addition, Mr. Murdoch has reached an agreement with a trucking company to distribute his papers without the help of the unions that traditionally handle them.
While acknowledging that the contract ''came to public attention and my attention because the person who was most important in assigning that contract to Stanley Friedman's firm is alleged to be corrupt,'' it was canceled, Mr. Koch contended on the WNBC-TV program ''News Forum,'' ''because of lack of performance.''
''They were almost undefeated,'' Peay said, and smiled.
Marshall watches the dancers in class, rehearsal and performance to see causes of problems and to prevent future ones.
We get examples: on West German television Tasadays splash in a stream, in National Geographic they climb trees, on NBC they swing from vines.
But they will continue to be admired by those who sympathize with the notion that true artists exist outside the dominant culture of their time, and by anyone who still believes in the idea of an artistic avant garde able to function as a necessary oppositional and corrective social force.
WILLIAM M. KUNSTLER Vice President Center for Constitutional Rights New York, Oct. 5, 1986
''But at least six safety board staffers apply for each comparable job that opens at the F.A.A.''
It will be soft and a bit sticky.
''Other roller rinks, they just let you lie there.
Aaron Pryor, the former junior welterweight boxing champion, was found not guilty yesterday in Cincinnati of driving under the influence of cocaine but convicted of operating a vehicle recklessly.
Inside, the sense of pioneering eases in rooms where the walls are stenciled or embellished with a removable wooden dado.
In light of this potential conflict, Paul G. Kirk Jr., the Democratic na-tional chairman, is said to be particularly pleased that eight Democratic Senators, none of whom are running this year, have agreed to serve as co-chairmen of his dinner: Lloyd Bentsen of Texas, Dennis DeConcini of Arizona, Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee, Gary Hart of Colorado, Edward M. Kennedy and John Kerry of Massachusetts, Howard M. Metzenbaum of Ohio and Paul Simon of Illinois.
Rangers say they are getting tougher on policing the river.
Heat the butter in a heavy skillet, and add the onions and garlic.
He described the contract as a ''good'' agreement.
How quickly would such a sudden contradiction confuse, even inflame a public that has learned to despise the cruel zealots of Iran?
Spread a thick layer of asphalt cement over all flashing materials and joints or seams that look cracked or dried out, or where flashing looks rusted or rotted.
The matrimonial specialists who run the show do not want the division of property to be equal.
But Lee Atwater, the director of Mr. Bush's political action committee, said that while he believes the Republican nominee, whoever it is, stands to gain from the legislation, Mr. Bush in particular should benefit.
The more pertinent question is - What gives with Cooney?
Rates a Primary Concern But the issue of high interest rates permeates all such subjects, and that issue has now displaced the dollar as the principal obstacle to world economic growth in the view of at least three of the five members - Japan, France and the United States.
Under the plan, the sponsor will sell the apartments at insider prices ranging from the upper-$70,000 range to more than $400,000 for the largest upper-floor apartments while retaining ownership of the land on which the building sits.
But by that time it doesn't matter any more because the reader is seduced.
The proposed LTV contract is also designed to reduce the use of nonunion contractors, a key issue in the 1986 talks.
But, recalling that he and Mr. Palme sometimes went to soccer games together without police protection, he repeatedly indicated that there was a vital connection between the accessibility of leaders and the strength of Swedish democracy.
At current exchange rates, the offer would involve $1.8 billion.
By Tuesday morning, he had it all out and had made a statement.
Every time a pitch is called a strike, he complains.
If the worker uses the car just for commuting, the taxable value is $1.50 a trip, or $3 a day for a round trip.
Some Personnel Shifts Dr. Graham subsequently moved to take firmer charge of the agency.
Mike Scioscia opened the 10th with a walk and was sacrificed to second by Jose Gonzales.
''The dealers thought the car would sell itself and so did we,'' said Robert D. Burger, general manager of Chevrolet.
He wanted to find the best spot in the United States to build a ski resort - as long as it was near his railroad tracks.
She has said she is running a grass-roots campaign, probably because she has managed to raise only $72,000 in contributions, roughly half of what she had estimated at the start that the primary would require.
Then, suddenly, grievous character flaws are discovered - which may or may not exist, or may exist in lesser measure than eager exposes imply -and the public mood swings into dismissiveness.
When he argued that their fight should be based not only on anti-Communism, but also on Indian autonomy and territorial claims, they applauded.
Legal experts said that the case would probably go back to Judge Mahesh Chandra, who tried the three men, to enable him to correct the errors, but that it was unlikely the verdict and sentencing would be changed.
Robert Barbera, chief economist at E.F. Hutton, noted that the August gain in industrial production was three-tenths of 1 percent if mining and utilities were excluded.
''He was in his room and called his mother and explained he was feeling funny,'' Cannon said.
Seeds of Compromise The Budget Committee plan was unacceptable to a majority of Republicans; the higher military spending and smaller revenue increase were necessary to gain their support.
''And both wars are going to be very hard.''
'I Feel Ecstatic' ''I feel ecstatic,'' said Lewis, and he deserved to.
EVEN the glimmer of an AIDS cure can cause excitement, and this seems to be true on Wall Street as well.
Officials at General Electric declined to discuss the volume of business or the market share of the company's large-transformer division, and would not say whether it operated at a profit or loss.
said, ''NASA is preventing the public from gaining a definitive picture once and for all of just what happened to the astronauts on board the crew cabin.''
Failure to recuse oneself is a breach of ethics.
The United States today gave Vietnam its first written commitment to support Hanoi's plan to resolve, within two years, the issue of Americans missing in action since the Indochina war.
The network returned after the game ended and showed a replay of the kick by John Carney.
''It was pretty frightening,'' said Mr. Doyle, the producer.
According to Mr. Burstein, Mr. Lee is to admit today that he was involved in the misuse of about $1.5 million in Hyfin's funds to subsidize the CompuMeter company.
But Boston Garden isn't one of those arenas.
But such travel can also be exhilarating because of the dogs, which, once harnessed to a sled, pull so relentlessly in the white Arctic silence that a metal anchor must be thrown overboard to bring them to a halt.
#2.Place the bones in a saucepan and add the chicken broth.
TANDOOR, #40 East 49th Street (752-3334) - * (Oct. 25, 1985) The ancient art of baking foods in the clay tandoor oven is a specialty at this spacious, low-key restaurant.
'Cottage Industry' Question: I am plagued by noxious chemical odors emanating from a ''cottage industry'' on the floor above me in a 50-family residential building.
It was flattering to her.''
As professionals we work 12 hours a day for six days a week.
''That growth is good for Connecticut banks and, as a result, for the customers of those banks.''
American males have enough for which to expiate these days without adding national corporate management style to the burden.
The menu offers standard fare, the typical blend of northern Italian dishes such as gnocchi and calves' liver Venetian-style, with southern specialties, including linguine with clam sauce and veal marsala, plus some Italian-American dishes on the order of veal parmigiana.
Call for price and delivery charges to other locations.
But, as your editorial on organ transplantation observes (''Extending Lives, Both of Them,'' June 6), increasing the supply of organs and tissues does not solve all the many ethical and policy issues raised by advances in organ transplantation.
''It was one of those really horrible situations I found myself in,'' said Kenneth Aronson, a member of the firm of Hochheiser & Aronson in Manhattan.
To Mr. Scorsese, the violence in the movie ''is all psychological.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Mr. Boesky said he had tendered 3,188,224 Carbide shares.
According to the New York State Special Prosecutor's Office, the policemen pressured the girl to perform the sex act after the car she was driving went through a stop sign in South Jamaica in the early morning of Nov. 14, 1984, and she was found to be carrying a small amount of cocaine.
Closer to home, on Wall Street, 350 people work with V Band trader turrets in a skyscraper that houses the New York operation of Bear Stearns, one of the top 10 investment-banking brokerage firms in the United States.
Meanwhile, the Government's new issue of 9 1/4 percent 30-year bonds, which were offered at auction on Thursday at an average yield of 9.28 percent, finished at 99 17/32 to yield 9.30 percent.
I felt the sorrow in his face and the respect in his bearing for her burial wishes.
Mrs. Demick is advising her customers to consider utility stocks, which she says have been overvalued but whose proces are now attractive.
From 1980 to 1985, only 1.2 million new households were set up annually, according to census figures.
But that last crop income, from the soybeans, Mr. Kussman said, was a crucial element in gaining approval for another year of financing for his young clients.
The Chinese leader, Deng Xiaoping, has told an American interviewer that he is ready to meet with Mikhail S. Gorbachev if the Soviet Union withdraws its support for Vietnam's invasion of Cambodia.
* Cut the peppers in half lengthwise.
The Titan's solid-fuel booster rockets are built by United Technologies Chemical Systems Division, while the space shuttle's are built by Morton Thiokol Inc. Aviation Week said the Titan booster program will take 6 to 12 months to recover from the accident last week and a similar one last August.
Today London, tomorrow the world.
TWICE a day, six days a week, a procession of gleaming limousines lumbers up to La Cote Basque on East 55th Street, discharging prosperous citizens into its soft and familiar environs.
Do you want to ask him for a date?'
He went to Washington in 1927 when he was 19 and became a travel counselor of the American Automobile Association and an editor of the magazine American Motorist.
If the civilian politicians cannot even sit down together at the same table, he argues, how do they expect to govern the country tomorrow?
''Goldsmith does all of this under the banner of enhancing shareholder value,'' he said.
Technical Awards to 'Africa' Among the technical awards, ''Cocoon'' won for visual effects, and ''Out of Africa'' received three statuettes: for sound, art direction and for David Watkins's cinematography, which re-created the dazzling vistas of Kenya in 1914.
Neither city nor state officials are eager to predict the future at Rikers.
An Ambassador for Amin Returning to her homeland after the Obote regime was deposed, she was appointed by the military dictator Idi Amin as roving ambassador as well as his Minister of Foreign Affairs.
When Mr. Cronyn throws a temper tantrum, crumbling from a patrician relic of Edwardian rectitude into a blubbering, quivering baby, the spectacle is pathetic.
The results in three of them - California, South Dakota and Alabama - could portend the answer to the year's big question: Will the Democrats recapture the Senate majority?
Gennaro stabs the woman in order to avenge the death of his closest friend.
And once again both bring into focus the importance of the climate between Washington and Moscow in determining whether solutions are possible or conflicts are probable.
The losses from discontinued operations reflect the results of discontinued operations and a provision for the disposal of Big Smith Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary.
Walter Wagner, assisted by Msgr.
Allowing for Government regulatory procedures, the two said they hoped to complete the deal by next spring.
The appointments - Assistant Chief John P. McCabe as Chief of Patrol and Assistant Chief Anthony M. Voelker as Chief of Personnel - mark the culmination of an unusually large turnover among the department's top commanders in recent months.
A senior rebel official echoed the criticism, saying nonlethal help that is not matched by military aid is a curse rather than a blessing.
Events at this year's meeting here included an auction of books and manuscripts, public readings by members and a banquet at the Adolphus Hotel, where the institute held its first meeting 50 years ago.
Taanayel is about 25 miles east of Beirut, the Lebanese capital, and 12 miles from the Syrian border.
In an encouraging move last July, Korea, settling a trade dispute with the United States, said that it would submit strong legislation to its National Assembly to increase the protection given to sound recordings and computer software.
''Everyone is boiling out their frustrations.''
One sign that Mr. Liberman has begun to cooperate with Federal authorities, according to lawyers involved in the case, was the absence of a decision on his latest motion in United States District Court in Brooklyn for a reduced sentence.
British universities are dependent on government funding.
For those students who go to school, the school staff believes security comes first.
Nicaraguan rebel officials in Costa Rica say a man named Robert Owen was sent by Colonel North to help them when Congress cut American aid to the rebels two years ago.
'A Hard Negotiator' ''He's a hard negotiator who's very committed to the Community's point of view,'' said a senior United States trade official, who, nonetheless, praised Mr. de Clercq for ''taking into account American considerations and realizing that we are partners.''
In it he called for Mr. Martinez, by then a federally protected witness, to be decapitated.
He said Citibank would study Chemplus and ''respond accordingly.''
Yesterday's card featured an unusual run of extremely high-priced winners: Tammy Jean ($50.80) in the third, Future Fable ($133.40) in the fourth and Romantic Tune ($112.60) in the fifth.
contended that the property should have been bequeathed directly to the museum, rather than to a nephew - even if the end result was the same.
Another treasure is ''Whitehall,'' by Canaletto.
Mr. Hassen added that ''we believe the 1987 distribution per unit will be 70 cents on the basis of our anticipation of a better gas market.''
If a wet rag is placed in a room with 100 percent relative humidity, it will never dry because none of the water could evaporate, unless you raised the temperature of the air in that room.
Several recent developments have convinced senior aides to Pope John Paul II that the church's dealings with Moscow could be entering a particularly sensitive phase, senior Vatican officials said.
What he is doing right now is directing that funny old farce called ''Room Service.''
He was arrested by Port Authority police Sunday morning after declaring four ounces of coca leaves to U.S. Customs officials on arrival here at Kennedy International Airport on a flight from Peru.
At Florida State earlier this season, a football player was shot and killed during an argument late at night.
They also did not know that he was the victim when they rushed to the scene of the shooting Saturday night, he said.
Diners Club and American Express put no set limit on how much you charge each month, but in most circumstances (a notable exception: an extended-payment plan for the purchase of some forms of travel with an American Express card) you are expected to pay your outstanding bill in full each month.
As Jerry Zimmerman played Chopin nocturnes on the piano, the dancers successfully demonstrated that love can be a many-splendored thing.
This brings the total bill for a barrel of oil to about $15 in United States currency at a time when the posted price of similar Canadian oil has fallen to just under $20.
So Fred Joseph hired his brother, Steve, and has never regretted the decision.
Mr. Reynal is a rancher.
The performance begins at 8 P.M. at Carnegie Hall.
The names were extremely confusing until the 18th-century Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus came along to help us get them straight once and for all.
And as a driver, I don't think anybody ever drove a horse better than Billy did.
Since the movie is already available in video cassette stores, none of the major theater chains will play it, even if it wins as best picture.
He left his key with a neighbor and asked her to care for his dog, Dina, and his cat, Borokhlo, and, just in case, he took along a cup and a spoon.
While changes in energy prices and currency values have profound effects on inflation, their timing is different.
after a man's name had become meaningless, or even offensive, since it implied approval of one man's status while withholding approval of another's.
Judge Stein ordered state environmental officials not to prepare the site, a sand and gravel quarry in Vernon Township, for the storage of more than 14,500 drums containing the soil from homes in West Orange and Montclair.
'Mustn't Break People's Hearts' ''Why should we be so Western-oriented or Satan-oriented?''
Mr. Davis, aware of the criticism, said: ''It didn't bother me then, and it doesn't bother me now.''
''We wanted to be spontaneous today, so we looked in restaurant windows along Columbus Avenue at lunchtime - and looked, and looked and looked,'' Mr. Tyrell said.
The moral of this microscopic drama is that even CD's may have to be cleaned occasionally.
He still stops by Covenant House regularly to look for part-time work, do his laundry or help out with chores.
The couple own the 160-acre North Quarter Horse Farm in Riverhead.
In a note with a check for $25, Jill and Mark Leiman of Fort Lee, N.J., said, ''We hope this contribution will help a homeless mother and her family.''
Last week Poland's Western creditors rescheduled the repayment of debts, including more than $500 million that the country was in arrears for last year, providing some breathing room.
Its 11 members could not even agree on a definition of pornography.
The two referendums were the first of a series to be held by partners of the member firms around the world that make up Peat Marwick International and Klynveld Main Goerdeler, the parent organizations.
''All messages dealing with policy proposals, policy implementation, program activities, personnel and post operations shall be sent through regular established State Department channels.''
Extra Tax Revenues The administration plan is based on the assumption that the state would take in $1.68 billion a year in extra tax revenues once the new Federal code was in effect.
''He just voiced his concern,'' the rookie manager said.
But an old person, this is something that stays with them.''
It will be a subsidiary of Ogilvy & Mather China that operates in Hong Kong and specializes in advertising in China itself.
''What you have here,'' Frey said, ''are a lot of people going to a game for the first time.
A private concern, Blythe Development, whose principal is Charlotte Ballard, a developer who recently resettled in New York, appears to have been successful in getting the properties.
O.K., please secure all loose objects because .
''To this day I still remember her pain so vividly.
In theory, this leaves civilian courts free to prosecute cases on an individual basis, once the Supreme Court settles a jurisdictional challenge.
* John Lee Oliver has been named to the board of Lowe Marschalk.
Mr. Berry had apparently tried to commit suicide earlier in the day, the police said.
A droll request for Dramamine was overheard on one occasion, but Mr. Hemans noted that the revolutions are so slow compared to the zoom of the elevators that customers seem to find the lounge pace ''rather comforting.''
In a draft of his speech, the state Education Commissioner, Dr. Saul Cooperman, said the state was eager to play a more active role in regulating primary and secondary education at the local level.
The station had played a leading role in the criticism that led to the collapse of President Jean-Claude Duvalier's regime in February.
The International Business Machines Corporation virtually dropped out of the business last spring, discontinuing manufacture of its much-criticized PCjr and dropping its price dramatically in an effort to sell off a huge inventory.
''Section 706(g) forbids a court from ordering racial preferences that effectively displace nonminorities except to minorty individuals who have been the actual victims of a particular employer's racial discrimination,'' he said.
The share earnings reflect a 3-for-1 stock split paid July 1.
George A. Erickson, former chairman of Doremus & Company, a New York advertising and public-relations agency, died of a heart attack on Sunday at his home in Fairfield, Conn.
Shea Stadium was a promise that baseball had a future in New York.
The official records indicate that the Army grew suspicious of Mr. Marcos's claims right away.
Mr. Tchudi's brew has the ingredients of a tasty concoction, save one.
And now I must hear it again.
Other researchers note, however, that the desire for control can sometimes go awry, leading to debilitating overwork, for instance.
The Crystal Palace exhibition had focused on the role of designers who increasingly dominated manufacturing in the late 19th century, a development abundantly visible in this exhibition.
Terry Cummings, Milwaukee's leading scorer at 20.7 points, had a rare 4-for-13 shooting night.
Joe DiMaggio, who had grown up in the North Beach section of San Francisco, not far from where Luisetti was raised, had played his first season with the New York Yankees.
If my health continues and my vigor continues, I hope to keep writing to the end.''
His father is the owner of the J.B.D.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Two years later President Franklin D. Roosevelt shifted responsibility for the nation's lighthouses to the Coast Guard, and over the years civilian keepers were gradually replaced by men in uniform.
Then there are quality-of-life issues - the potential for disruption in such crowded quarters, the physical damage to property and the demoralization of staff members.
ahead by 57-53 with 1:31 left.
At a Staten Island shelter for men run by Project Hospitality, a private group that operates three shelters, a gift of a few suits prompted officials to develop what one called a ''library-loan'' system.
If the viewer wishes to see ''art,'' he gets off his bottom and twiddles the color knob to monochrome.
(''I was never a hippie,'' Mr. Taylor said.
Participants at the National Security Council meeting at the White House 10 days ago said Dr. Fletcher volunteered to have NASA reopen the Delta rocket production lines at a McDonnell Douglas Corporation plant in California to provide more expendable launch vehicles of its own.
Analysts say that cash flow is a telling figure, because high depreciation and amortization can depress earnings.
Such ceremonies are usually reserved for champions on their way to the breeding shed or an old-age home, but the odds are good that Lady's Secret will be back at Belmont.
Chinese folk dances, classical and regional folk music, operatic excerpts and a modern performance-art work will be presented by the Asian-American Dance Theater tomorrow at 8 P.M.
''He's always been cooperative,'' he said.
These wineries all are in the Willamette Valley area, west and south of Portland.
The rugs scattered over the floors are also for sale.
Only there is no image.
Business journals (virtually nonexistent several years ago) now are profuse.
Opponents hope the Ulster pact falls with the two Governments.
''Approvals were a waste of time,'' he says.
The New York Times Company said yesterday that net income for the third quarter rose to a record $26.7 million, or 33 cents a share, up 18.1 percent from $22.6 million, or 28 cents a share, a year earlier.
Chrysler's dollar sales for the year totaled $21.26 billion, an 8.6 percent increase from $19.57 billion, while its unit sales rose as well, to 2.157 million from 2.034 million in 1984.
Goldwater made his game, and did not need to inspect the mirror to find out whether his two gray hairs he admits to had become three.
The bank, Union National, is in Little Rock, Ark.
YALEN: The danger to monitor is inflation.
Danny Joe Pohl, known to his friends as just plain Dan, hit into the woods and bounced out of the woods, hit into four bunkers, missed all but seven greens in regulation and drove onto only four fairways in an unusual victory march over the 7,139-yard Firestone Country Club South Course today.
''He can walk holding on to the couch and he smiles all the time,'' said his mother.
Mr. Kilty spares us the details of such Shavian subheadings as ''Was Jesus a Coward?''
''We've lost a lot of fish nobody ever knew about,'' he said.
Mr. Hun Sen's foreign affairs responsibilities have been divided, the radio said, between Kong Korm, who takes over as Foreign Minister, and Yos Son, who becomes chairman of the Communist Party Central Committee's foreign relations commission.
BRIAN SWITZER New York City Because all four baseball divisions had runaway pennant races, no everyday player made a real difference.
Dr. King received his award in 1964.
And in the winter, they are cold, cold, cold.''
''You learn how to carry yourself,'' she says.
Mr. Avalone estimated that the firm was working on taxable financings for public authorities that could eventually total $2.5 billion.
But they also warn that agency hiring is failing to allow for attrition.
It was, political commentators said, Mr. Sarney's best public performance so far.
I had worked with our head cameraman before, both in Lebanon and Iraq, and we were comfortable with each other.
By the end of 1986, Health Department officials said, the city's share of all cases would drop to 25 percent.
For the next 250 years, though often battling each other, the guilds dominated political and economic life in Ghent.
Reagan Ready for Assertion The Marcos-Reagan phone conversation was the first direct contact between the two men since Mr. Marcos fled the Philippines on Feb. 25.
Washington criticized Chile over its human rights record.
The growing pile of foreign funds has has been an embarrassment to Taipei as it negotiates with the United States in an attempt to keep American goods and financial services out of Taiwanese markets.
Today 85 percent of first-time grooms wear tuxedos, as do the 6.5 ushers in the average wedding party.
Some experts fear that the AIDS virus is spreading insidiously among heterosexuals and that a surge in cases is in store.
But, officials say, just that fact makes a small number of the social clubs good fronts for criminals.
Kelsey's lawyer argues that ''this case is really about race'' and sets out to take the issue to the Supreme Court.
There were several curious ''tone deaf'' mismatches.
''It gave me a feeling that I don't want to work for anyone else,'' Miss O'Connor said.
''We had more time than money,'' Mrs. Blondeau said of the stripping.
However, Solomon Malach, the agency's deputy general counsel for income-assistance programs, said the city would seek to determine how many bodies of infants had been left by parents who did not try to obtain a funeral.
''He looks like he's been there and survived but taken something with him.''
By contrast, when John Lloyd, one of the program's producers, was asked recently to mention a subject that had to be discarded here on grounds of taste, he could think only of an idea that was briefly entertained and then abandoned of showing Jesus as a talk show guest.
They know how to solve the drug problem.
To assure more fairness without diminishing quality, Mr. Smith would have the central board randomly choose two-thirds of the students within certain reading groups for special programs.
When Mr. Bogosian was developing that show in the early 1980's, he was part of a struggling downtown art scene, supporting himself by doing television voice-overs.
Two burly policemen listen patiently as we explain the situation.
In fact, it already has some of those ''backlog'' orders on account.
At best one can see them as all too representative of the starched collars and hymn books that have sent men to hang out in the poolroom, the barbershop - or to light out for the territory - for centuries.
Also, $188 million in the proposal is set aside for maintenance facilities, including what they call the ''carwasher construction program,'' which is part of an effort to remove graffiti.
In Yemen, dances were performed indoors, usually in small rooms.
b-Net income and includes a tax credit of $213,000.
Mr. Canary helped develop a complicated write-in palm card that was used by the Bush forces to elect delegates in districts where there were no Bush supporters formally nominated.
When life leaves a plant it is as plain as when it leaves an animal.
The explosion occurred at 11,000 feet during its descent over Greece.
The other main social stage is 75 miles to the southeast in the bluegrass country surrounding Lexington, and that's where the parties thrive for days before and after the mere running of the race.
In a hectic afternoon here, Fan Appreciation Day at the Capital Centre, the Capitals defeated the Flyers, 6-5, and moved to within 1 point of Philadelphia and first place.
Coast Oyster near Seattle plans to sell a cultured sterile oyster this summer that, because it cannot spawn, never gets soft or milky.
Of the 2,000 jobs that may be lost, half are in the Dallas area, according to Albert Greenstein, a company spokesman.
John Vanbiesbrouck won the Vezina Trophy as the N.H.L.
The payments to Mr. Wolf came to light because several of them appeared on Mr. Koch's latest campaign financial disclosure forms, which were filed yesterday with the Board of Elections.
The players want to like him.
The wasps and hornets tend to build their paper nests in out-of-the-way places and oftentimes go unnoticed, even in our yards.
Who knows when some young whippersnapper fresh out of school and green behind the ears will be the one to deal with our health?
But in 525 pages of earlier testimony given in private before the State Commission of Investigation in February, Mr. Turoff steadfastly denied all allegations of improprieties, accused the commission of leaking news stories and portrayed an agency with informal lines of authority and little record-keeping.
President Reagan, seeking to reverse the Congressional action blocking a $354 million sale of missiles to Saudi Arabia, has invited about a dozen leaders of American Jewish organizations to come to the White House on Monday, a White House spokesman said today.
There is another side to Wright, too, which shows itself when his self-control cracks.
Share earnings reflect a 3-for-2 stock split paid May 16.
Ideally, the lottery is designed to help the destitute teams that don't qualify for the playoffs.
IC Industries, Illinois, (foreign), $5 million.
Westwood One, $100 million of convertible subordinated debentures due 2011, rated B+ by S.& P. Salomon Brothers.
He had gone on to be the chairman of the board of the Union Pacific Railroad, from 1932 to 1942, before serving as an innovative, though unimposing, Secretary of Commerce from 1946 to 1948.
The net for the latest 9 months reflects gains on sales of investments which increased to $222.3 million from $141 million in the year-ago 9 months, and a gain of $80.9 million realized on the sale of Pilot Insurance Co., formerly Reliance's Canadian property and casualty subsidiary.
Expansion of the terrestrial network - rather than illegal interception of a private satellite feed or of another government-mandated ''compulsory license'' - preserves the locally based system of free broadcasting, while extending the combined local-national service to as many homes as possible.
Some industry executives wonder, for instance, if creativity, that spark that distinguishes a memorable and effective sales message in the deluge of advertising, can flourish in ever-larger bureaucracies.
The obvious lesson: Don't wait until uneducated, illiterate young people land in reform schools and prisons.
Well, it's still a great show.
One of his industrial inventions was the Gripnail, a nail that can be driven into a steel girder as if the girder were wood.
The chartered twin-engine Cessna, carrying a Long Island couple home from a casino junket, crashed on takeoff through a chain-link fence, skidded onto a highway and struck several cars as it broke apart and burst into flames.
Philadelphia, Brad Daugherty, f-c, North Carolina; 2.
But we shall meet later for dinner.
The Conditions for Iran Officials said the strategy approved by Mr. Reagan, and carried out largely by the staff of the National Security Council, called for United States efforts to improve relations with Iran on several conditions: that Iran agree to stop exporting terrorism and revolution in the Persian Gulf, that negotiations lead to an end to the Iran-Iraq war and that Teheran help the United States gain the release of American hostages held by pro-Iranian factions in Lebanon.
* $21.5 million to finance ''magnet schools'' across the state, a 16 percent increase.
Earlier today, the ice dancers Natalia Bestiamanova and Andrei Bukin led a 1-2-3 Soviet finish in the compulsory dance competition.
Instead, what arrives is a large wooden bowl containing a seafood-chicken-sausage melange in a broth to which cooked, mushy rice has been added.
Maxi-mizing profits ranked last among People's six guiding precepts.
Although the play is by no means long, the ending seems needlessly extended.
In his letters, Thornton Wilder said he could not have written the third act of 'Our Town' without her influence.''
In Ethiopia, we have witnessed death by famine and more recently by forced resettlement, and in South Yemen this year, factional killing that consumed thousands of lives in a span of a few days.
Iris Adams Libresco, a lawyer and vice president of a Westport, Conn., management consulting business, died May 22 at Norwalk (Conn.) Hospital.
From 3 to 6 P.M. Monday and Tuesday, about 100 divers from the age of 10 through 17 will show their best five dives at the Sprain Ridge Pool in Yonkers, rain or shine.
We are three, two men and a woman.
In another inquiry involving Citisource, the New York State Attorney General, Robert Abrams, said he was checking whether the company had made the proper financial disclosure in its stock-market prospectus.
''I did my job,'' he said.
In both Spain and France, the Communist decline has been hastened by the growth of strong Socialist parties.
Even though one Government agency closed its doors today, another agency will soon reopen them.
He is known as the Sandman.
The poor weather is setting back efforts to retrieve key wreckage from the Challenger.
But the shared excitement was hardly the evening's only thrill.
In the upper-left-hand corner is a Duratron light box with an X-ray of the artist's head that presides over the work like a Neanderthal film director.
From the dim recesses of my memory arose the standard Ohio response to such a penalty.
''There's no doubt that the worker's life would have been saved if the inspector had simply walked from the office out onto the shop floor,'' said Mr. Frumin of the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union.
Leaders of 60 predominantly black churches conducted rallies and vigils in churches and on street corners, and City Councilman Wendell Foster, a Bronx Democrat and pastor of Christ Church in that borough, declared that for blacks, ''drugs like 'crack' and heroin are the worst problem we've seen since slavery.''
The simplest method is to boil the tomatoes, puree and then freeze them.
Joe Orsulak scored the run after singling and going to third on a sacrifice bunt and a grounder.
The future bridegroom is a great-grandson of the late Senator Hiram Bingham, Republican of Connecticut, who directed the Yale-Peruvian expedition that, in 1911, discovered the ruins of Machu Picchu, the last Inca capital high in the Andes.
Perhaps the accomplished cook can spot such errors immediately, but there are too many less experienced cooks who believe whatever is on the printed page.
Half of his $75,000 salary will be paid by the Westchester County Association, which, like Dr. Prezioso, played a leading role in the Westchester 2000 study.
Two golden-brown cheese rounds in a perfectly balanced raspberry vinaigrette were served with endive, a few other greens, fresh pear slices and cherries.
Many people called, wrote or cabled from every corner of the United States .
In an interview with international journalists who spoke to him via satellite connections, Secretary of State George P. Shultz said today that the Administration's policy is to seek a better arms control agreement to replace the 1979 policy.
First Amendment a Factor Mr. Smith said the Philip Morris contest, which would have winners in each state and a $15,000 grand prize, reflected the company's view that a ban on advertising in print would violate First Amendment guarantees of free speech.
'License for Perpetual Hostility' The foundation document, elaborating on this position, says, ''Nuclear deterrence has become a dogmatic license for perpetual hostility between the superpowers and for their rigid resistance to significant measures of disarmament.''
Then Jones drove the baseline, dunked and drew a foul.
Though the total amount of jury awards has not risen, the insurers claimed they were losing money, but they refused to open their books.
Yurchenko did not even have a physical description.''
'Did You Reason With Him?'
''We feel it is our responsibility to stimulate employment opportunities here in Sioux Falls for people who are forced off the farms.''
Performances in Montreal, from June 6 to 8, and Ottawa, from June 11 to 14, will complete the North American tour.
And the point is, there would be more people on this chart if we gave them some support, if they had some shoes to wear and some uniforms to wear and some medical supplies!''
Her strength has astonished all of us.
Mercedes-Benz has equipped all of its 1986 cars to be sold in the United States with air bags.
Lieutenant Geltz said he and Mr. Wyman believed the Russians had switched seamen.
All sales are voluntary, but homeowners who sell can choose to dispose of both the land and their homes or only the land after moving their homes to other sites.
''I don't know why, but I was always instinctively drawn to those voices.
The garage is at the National Air and Space Museum, which with nine million visits a year asserts a claim as the most popular museum in the world.
* Rolm Corp. , a subsidiary of the International Business Machines Corp., said, as expected, that it was introducing a fully digital telephone system for small business and branch office applications.
In Connecticut, the region extending along the Berkshires and west of the Connecticut River was likely to have a ''probability of high concentrations,'' Dr. Boudette reported.
Mr. Mandanici was never implicated but more than a dozen members of his administration were convicted on state or Federal corruption charges.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Sociologists and social workers say the Bowery is being reshaped by changes in the city as a whole - from the high-priced prosperity of Manhattan to a dispersal throughout the city of a new and growing homeless population.
She is studying fine arts at the Parsons School of Design in Paris.
Oct. 9, 1986: The House approves the bill, 230 to 166.
We're just struggling a little bit.''
Called ''The Restoration Directory,'' the book includes companies screened by the conservancy that provide many kinds of preservation services.
at creating turnovers and holding onto the ball.
However, the so-called tallest tree has a dead top and the shorter one a live top.
He is offered a proposition.
Rigid role differentiation diminishes both men and women.''
The act requires disclosure of the sources of financing for lobbyists representing foreign groups.
The company's largest stockholder is a Hispanic businessman.
So it is not quite true that this exhibition takes the middle way at all times.
It is headquarters for more than 700 regional and national oil industry operations.
* National City Corp., Cleveland, has named William R. Robertson vice chairman, executive vice president and chief financial officer.
To be sure to get into one of these esteemed places of learning, most teen-agers would apply to nine or 10 colleges.
''He was nervous, he was erratic,'' Mr. Lindenauer said.
Besides temples, churches and other religious facilities around the world, the church owns television and radio stations, a daily newspaper, insurance companies, more than 800,000 acres of working farmland, a company that develops industrial parks, several food processing plants, department stores, office buildings, real estate investments and a portfolio of stocks and bonds said to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Exercise programs are mandatory in the Middletown Fire Department, West Hartford Fire Department and Winsted Police Department.
There is a tradition that mature clivia plants should not be moved or rotated as this can also affect their bloom.
Iffe thys be a Moralitie Playe, I wold preffere ane Imoralitie.''
These were the new ''rabbits,'' those golfers who shoot Monday to play Thursday.
This tale of intrigue, whose aura of successful madness tells more of Belfast than do the quick deaths and easy deals, could not have a more satisfying Irish moral.
More than half of the 20,000 seedlings planted this spring along the New Jersey Turnpike as part of a beautification plan have died over the summer, according to the program's director.
The West 79th Street Community Group has also staged a health fair and a pet parade and has organized a parents group, a quilting bee and a help line for people who are sick and shut in.
''What Diane doesn't understand is that the option schools were never intended as a way of drawing in a better-quality student.''
IF we had only the Gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke (the ''Synoptic Gospels''), we would get the impression that almost all of Jesus' followers came from the countryside and towns of Galilee; indeed, some critics have referred to His supporters as ''an agrarian reform movement.''
ruled that the medical institute was ''merely a device for siphoning off otherwise taxable income.''
One Wilmington player was punched in the face and suffered a fractured jaw.
The best witness to its success is probably Mr. Mills.
Monsanto hoped to use the marking system with its other genetic engineering projects to convince regulators and critics of biotechnology that microbial pesticides were not dangerous.
His company, Cavenham Ltd., became the third-largest food manufacturer in Europe, after Unilever and Nestle S.A., and he bought a string of magazines and newspapers that included France's most influential news magazine, L'Express.
McDonnell Douglas and Northrop said they were in ''serious discussions'' to form a rival team.
Representatives for small banks said the new guidelines would have minimal effect on them.
Hours: Lunch noon to 3 P.M., Sunday through Friday; dinner 6 to 10 daily.
Little is known about these strangely patterned and seemingly modest textiles.
Under the 1974 Trade Act, the lower tariffs cannot be granted to Communist nations unless the President can certify that the nation does not restrict emigration.
PEN officials had earlier explained that it was traditional at PEN Congresses to have a discussion of censorship in the region of the host nation.
When Gooden left after his five-inning stint, the score was 3-3.
''Focusing them on the Christmas story is.''
''The people who come to us do not have the reading skills to function in society as active participants,'' says Eli Zal, the director of the New York affiliate of Literacy Volunteers of America, whose headquarters is in Syracuse, N.Y., and which has more than 200 branches in more than 30 states.
As readers who have been following this saga, which was presented in a torrent of boldface type, already know, the author is James Brady, the designer is Bill Blass, and the publisher is John B. Fairchild of Women's Wear Daily.
Besides having access to all the school's facilites, members of the group were invited to fire their works ''between the toilets and sinks'' in the huge kiln at a nearby factory.
The newly built lanes, along 5 miles of the 12-mile expressway, were opened about three months ago and are reserved during rush hours for cars carrying at least three people.
Some might call the program excessive, but the newly rich have brought this severity upon themselves.
CINCINNATI (AFC) - Placed Ira Hillary, wide receiver, on injured reserve.
In the intimate, small-town atmosphere of Chinatown, where neighbors and partners often know each other's business, no one admits to knowing details.)
Who traveled where, and why was the trip historic?
Analysts said the actions would enable the company to better ward off other takeover bids and would increase the value of the stock.
Irwin L. Jacobs, the Minneapolis investor, said he had agreed to pay T. Boone Pickens the proceeds exceeding $21 a share from the sale of his 15.2 percent stake in the Pioneer Corporation.
By proposing a token limit on warheads in Europe, the Soviet Union shifted from its position that all American and Soviet medium-range missiles should be eliminated from Europe.
You find yourself caught up in the detail, and you miss the whole picture.
Like Harold Acton, ''I quite simply fell in love'' with Ramage and feel he's just the thing to take to southern Italy to get the lay of that land.
Mr. Abram, a 67-year-old lawyer and a former president of Brandeis University who was named to the commission by President Reagan in December 1983, was elected last week to a one-year term.
''That was the play to do,'' Piniella said.
And makers of pasta, cheese, breakfast cereal, chocolate, cookies, crackers and sausage increased their employment by 15,000.
Most of the details that Mr. Shelton offers of Mr. Dylan's life since the mid-60's are a matter of public record; what's missing is more important than gossip.
His salary from the Fellowship is $59,500.
To be sure, large finds continue to be made, most recently in the Beaufort Sea, where Gulf Canada Ltd. said last week that it had come up with a major oil discovery.
Mr. Mitchell said: ''I think it represents a growing willingness by whites to accept black representation and a growing sophistication in the black community.
Even when Miss Harvey learned the truth about her lover's identity, her mad scene was more of a numbed refusal to face reality than an outburst of feeling.
Instead, Mr. Ligeti feels his new music - still steady-state and static, ''like time could not flow,'' but now more rhythmically complex - has been influenced by four factors.
Mr. Bevins has been Mr. Turner's closest adviser on the acquisition of the MGM/UA Entertainment Company.
In the eighth, after the lead was cut to 4-3, he hit a bases-empty home run, his 10th of the season.
Although this area has been civilized for more than 300 years, it is quite easy to imagine the landscape long ago.
Stock index futures - promises to buy or sell at a specified price by a given date shares of the stocks upon which an index is based - have existed only since 1982.
Earlier this month he had his first meeting with the island's Ambassador to Washington, William Herbert.
Mr. Roth said, ''When we talk about a historic site, we appreciate the architecture, but we also can relate it to the specific historical context and discuss what place in the social spectrum the people came from.''
Long Beach State 70 Chaminade 67 WAILUKU, Hawaii (AP) - Morlon Wiley scored 18 points to lead Long Beach State in the first round of the Silversword Invitational tournament.
This, too, was retyped and sent to the selection committee, Mr. Lindenauer said.
Judge Nixon has taken a leave from the bench pending the outcome of the case.
Disabilities, generally including some sort of long-term health problems or chronic illnesses, affect 47.8 percent of those 85 and over - the so-called old-old - Dr. Longino found.
His grandfather ''didn't want some outsider to buy Harry Rothman's, but everyone thinks that he would have wanted me to run it,'' he said.
The anxiety: That the successors may not be able to cut through the Newsday and Times-Mirror bureaucracies as neatly as Mr. Laventhol did.
The state pays for the maintenance of church property and for the operation of the two Catholic seminaries.
It moved relatively swiftly to aid the victims.
My supervisors and most of my clients treat the earring as if it were a mole or small birth defect -they deliberately overlook it.
Crowds of cheering soccer fans packed the halls of Ezeiza International Airport to greet the national team's return from Mexico, where it defeated West Germany, 3-2, in the championship match Sunday.
As the years passed, and as the number of grandchildren multiplied, I became a qualified professional stocking stuffer.
Public disclosures about El Salvador's involvement in supplying arms to the Nicaraguan rebels have strained relations between the United States and the Salvadoran Government and jeopardized future efforts to aid the rebels, according to officials of both countries.
''I don't eat meals,'' she said.
''He said he wanted to go back and show the Japanese he was rehabilitated,'' Mr. Gelb said.
A police spokesman said that items like computers and typewriters were not stolen but that investigators had not determined a motive for the break-in.
Pledging a new start, he promised ''a revived journalism of the left'' that would apply honest and tough-minded standards of reporting to ''central issues,'' avoiding easy answers.
In his first full injury-free season with the Red Sox, Clemens set a major league record by striking out 20 batters in a 3-1 victory over Seattle on April 29.
On Saturday, Henry Gluck, chairman of the board of Caesars World, announced that the fight was a sell-out four months in advance.
Mr. Honig, who is co-author of a recent Carnegie Corporation study calling for a nationwide system of certifying elementary and high-school teachers, said: ''What principals and superintendents need is to think almost like a garage mechanic: you have a car that won't work; you've got all these systems in the car and one of them is not working, so the whole car doesn't work.
The Town of Islip, in its quest for an ash site, came up with one in Holtsville.
Mr. Alexei has since sprinkled them on potato salad with vinaigrette dressing with equal success.
But the prices of futures contracts for many foodstuffs rose because of the possibility of food contamination in Eastern Europe that would decrease supplies.
The catalogue is also linked by microwave to the library of the university's College of Physicians and Surgeons about 50 blocks north of the Morningside Heights campus.
With infants and very small children, falls from dressing tables and cribs are all too common.
Also, only international flights that were scheduled to proceed on to other domestic destinations were selected.
To the Editor: After spending 10 years of vacation time touring Italy and the last two years doing business full time in the north of Italy, I found William Weaver's article ''Turin's Elegant Piazzas and Palazzos'' (Travel, Dec. 29) totally correct.
This left the settlers free to concentrate on the general welfare of the colonies.
It has been that way since Peter the Great.''
Songwriting was actually Mr. Pomus's second career in music.
Probably half the 50,000 yearly traffic deaths in the United States are caused by drunk drivers, yet we don't have a nationwide plan to deal with these drivers.
Romantic as that notion is, there is a prosaic explanation.
BUS 9 TO PARADISE, by Leo Buscaglia.
He was a champion of such consonant, directly emotive composers as Gian Carlo Menotti, Carlisle Floyd and Vittorio Giannini.
West Texas Intermediate crude oil settled 18 cents to 56 cents lower with the December contract at $14.71 a barrel; heating oil was 0.60 cent to 0.87 cent lower with December at 41.05 cents a gallon, and unleaded gasoline was 0.80 cent to 1.49 cents lower with December at 40.04 cents a gallon.
Because Durant was one of the most distinguished literary figures ever to come from New Jersey, we at St. Peter's College, where he earned his bachelor and master degrees, are delighted and grateful that his life and accomplishments will continue to influence generations of students through the Will and Ariel Durant Chair in the Humanities.
Sears said it would receive $31.1 million for the 770,000 shares.
A token purchased last year at 90 cents is valid for a $1 ride this year.
''They're very specific and are intended to identify hazards that were determined from our accident records.
But Mr. Medinna said he was ''just trying to make $2 or $5, anything, enough for a meal.''
It appears to be an extremely rare natural event.''
Players win and players lose football games,'' Switzer said the morning after the Sooners, his organization, won the third top ranking in his 13 seasons as the coach.
The bullet-riddled body of a black policeman was found today in his home in a black township near Pretoria, the police reported.
Thomas Humber, a Batus spokesman at its Louisville, Ky., headquarters, said that ''a lot of people have come forth, including those from some surprising companies.''
The figure was reached yesterday as contributions, both large and small, continued to arrive from a variety of donors concerned about the plight of the needy - the homeless, the hungry, the infirm and the despairing.
A year earlier, Charlie Liteky had crawled, without weapons, into enemy gunfire to personally carry to safety 23 men from his company who had been wounded in the firefight.
It would be unconstitutional to say you can't put the machines up.''
There were 14 breaks, numerous errors and turning points so that neither Miss Sukova nor Miss Rinaldi ever had the feeling they were in control.
When a new production opens here at the Virginia Theater this Thursday, it will mark Miss Mann's Broadway debut as both playwright and director.
In addition, Mr. Williams said the company's steel tank manufacturing operations in Buffalo would be sold as well as some of its raw materials properties.
It is designed as a animal pathway, enabling them to cross the highway.
He is an associate in the Washington office of the law firm Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.
None of the previous 24 launchings took place in weather as cold as the Jan. 28 launching, and the tests linked the failure of the joint on the booster rocket to the effects of low temperatures.
The most commonly cited remedy -that both teams immediately transform themselves into ''winners'' and stay that way forevermore - is just plain fatuous.
It was ''Anne of Green Gables.''
''There's absolutely no conceivable motive to push too hard,'' said Mr. Hauck, the astronaut who is an Associate Administrator.
At the same time it was announced that price rises for meat, which is rationed, would go into effect in August and would range no higher than 8 percent.
In a state long accustomed to prosperity, the overriding issue has been the state's sagging economy.
The great American penny shortage is over.
He did not provide any names.
The company, which has announced plans to sell its retail units, said it would consolidate, under the management of its Channel Home Center unit, its Handy Dan and Handy City Home Center chains.
Game is braised to tender perfection, including boned quail with foie gras and Perigourdine sauce; the thyme- and garlic-scented rack of lamb is close to perfect, or you might choose the veal chop with champagne and morels.
The company said it had decided to discontinue Zapmail because a review of operations showed that the service would continue to suffer substantial losses for several years.
Sumptuous cheesecake traced with chocolate, toothsome pecan pie, thick and spicy apple cake and an intensely concentrated wedge of dark chocolate cake are some of the dessert temptations.
The diplomats said there was no indication that the talks might smooth the way for a peace treaty in the region or a reduction of Soviet-American tensions over Nicaragua.
And then on the very day of argument, we meet that afternoon after the argument session and we go over every one of the cases and the arguments that we have heard, and it's at that juncture that I decide which way I want to vote tentatively.
New leadership was brought in and the company turned around.
Unlike most lesser operas, Mozart's do not need frequent interruptions to keep the listener involved.
Meadowlands, 8 P.M. (Television -MSG, midnight, tape.)
Its performance falls a fraction shy of the index, since the Trust receives 0.28 percent of net assets annually for administrative expenses.
The company deserves another thank you for yet another Ashton ballet - not, one hopes, the Joffrey's last.
She said it with a fine smile.
All this week, fighter planes creased the skies above this city and infantrymen crawled across muddy fields in the most comprehensive military maneuvers ever held jointly by the United States and Japan.
Approved 256 to 145, June 19.
''When I presented him in concert, the chairman of the music department said to me, 'Charles, why are you wasting your time with that boy?
Constance Fee sang the part with ripe, womanly tones, and her diction was not quite at the extremely high standard set by the rest of the cast.
The Supreme Court unanimously held that the choice of inspection procedures was a policy decision.
''There's a sign for 257Q and it must be on the map.''
He is called an ''arbitrager'' or an ''arbitrageur,'' depending on your newspaper.
Other workers are in the category of temporary.
He didn't elaborate, but he evidently felt that the loss of Seaver was somehow related to other issues.
A few states, including New Jersey and Maryland, have mandatory sex education courses, but New York City's 301-page curriculum, officials say, is one of the most comprehensive in the country.
But usually they've been lovingly rearranged, and when he wants - with ''Ooh, Baby, Baby'' and ''Tracks of My Tears,'' especially, on Friday - he rears back and pours himself into the songs as if they were brand new.
Thunderstorms spread over the nation's midsection yesterday, a day after they unleashed tornadoes in Minnesota, Nebraska and Iowa, killing a 4-year-old girl.
As a member of a Long Island board of education (Hewlett-Woodmere), I say no.
Yields on certificates of deposit, bank money market accounts and money market mutual funds fell in the week ended yesterday.
''As he got near the bag, he looked like he was going to slide, so I slid.
What visitors are apt to be aware of first is the richly colored understory, as, indeed, it is these plantings that continue to receive most of Ruth Levitan's attention.
It said: ''For elementary teachers, this degree has too often become a substitute for learning any academic subject deeply enough to teach it well.
They didn't really have a choice.''
''There are very few gray-haired people in the House anymore,'' said Mr. Matthews.
He will appear with his band.
''Smithsonian World'' has always suggested that science isn't a bad way of life.
Williams, whom Wohl said misses Dawkins more than any other player, also has a problem playing against the Bucks' 6-11 Alton Lister, a reserve center-forward.
''The Vietnamese Gulag'' is, according to the title page, ''based on the English translation from the French by Silvie Romanowski and Francoise Simon-Miller''; in this version, it is indeed well written and graphically told, though with more indignation and injured pride than dignity.
In Dublin Kate tries to bring to some sort of consummation a flirtation she began in her village with an older married man.
He began doing so in the 1960's, arguing for a nuclear weapons test ban.
And Adelaide herself now has a home or two not like everyone else's, in which the art is at least as ''weird'' as that owned by her parents.
Two people can stay one night for $57, which includes full breakfast MASSACHUSETTS CATAMOUNT Route 23, South Egremont, Mass.
The ''Ring'' had yet to be produced, but such earlier works as ''Tannhauser,'' ''Lohengrin'' and ''Der Meistersinger'' were already in the bloodstream of almost every composer.
''I think that the cycle is about to change.''
She is also known for her ''Melomane'' solo, in which she becomes a walking musical instrument.
We need a carrot and a stick.''
Among the key abilities for imaging that Dr. Kosslyn described in ''Visual Cognition,'' published earlier this year by the M.I.T.
He has done murals in Mount Sinai Hospital and Children's Village in Dobbs Ferry.
I got hit as I threw it.
They also said he had ''falsely testified'' to the committee in the past about certain matters.
''Look at Toru Takemitsu, one of our artists-in-residence this summer.
In a study of 101 patients, 40-milligram doses of lovastatin given twice a day reduced total blood cholesterol levels 32 percent, or to near normal levels, with few side effects.
Employees at the institute referred questions to officials who did not return telephone calls.
Mrs. Nitkin, who is 38 years old, is president of the H. B. Nitkin Group, a real-estate investment company that also owns and manages properties in Manhattan and Westchester County.
''Man,'' he continued, ''will be inclined to see in God primarily a limitation on himself and not the source of his own freedom and the fullness of good.''
He allowed the first four batters of the third inning to reach base - Grich doubled, Dick Schofield and Bob Boone walked and Pettis doubled for two runs - and then was pulled after giving up a two-out walk to Doug DeCinces.
He did not explain how all ballistic missiles could be eliminated while a small force was retained.
Since last Thursday, Mowatt, Haji-Sheikh, Simms and a few other veterans have been working out twice a day with the rookies at the Pace University training camp here.
The Polish Government spokesman said the agent knew specifically that the crackdown would have to come before Dec. 16, when a large part of the army was due to be discharged on a scheduled rotation.
The total number of vehicles on Long Island roads is now estimated to be rising at about 2 percent each year.
The Sentinels chase victims through marshes, string them up by their feet and shoot them in the head with paint guns.
More recently, the state has contributed $15 million to a $30 million Federal-state program of station improvements, track upgrading and signal repairs along the route in southeastern Massachusetts.
According to symphony officials, the judges were ''struck by Miss Eldredge's awesome technique and the maturity of her interpretation of the complex Shostakovich Sonata for Cello and Piano.''
Unfortunately, I doubt if you'd get far with the four fallacies in respectable circles these days.
The tenants felt they needed a lawyer, she said, to help them present their position and protect them from agreeing to anything that might not be necessary.
Mr. Egan said that the state would be paying about $10 a square foot less than the going rate for comparable space in downtown Brooklyn.
I have to live,' But they said they couldn't do that, that I would bleed to death.''
Mr. Palme was shot dead on a Stockholm street on Feb. 28.
The school, the Behavior Research Institute of Providence, R.I., filed a complaint in Bristol County Probate Court against Mary Kay Leonard, director of the Massachusetts Office for Children, according to documents released by Roderick MacLeish Jr. of Boston, an attorney for the institute.
John Armleder fooled this eye as a believer with his fragment of a grid pencilled on a black canvas, its 16 intersections emphasized by gold polka dots.
Demers countered by saying he'd never signed a contract with the Blues, although he had repeately asked for one, and certainly didn't consider himself bound to any so-called agreement that didn't give him any contractual protections.
Led, manipulated and ignited by Mr. Lindsay, the show is an evident crowd-pleaser; it may make as many Americans happy as it did theatergoers in England (many of whom, naturally, were Americans).
But despite two court rulings in the last year that guaranteed high school girls the chance to play boys football, only a handful of girls in the New York metropolitan region have expressed interest in joining her on the field.
In her book, Dr. Silverman describes the normal feelings of widowhood, including a sense of disorganization, depression, anger, numbness and the sense that the dead spouses are still present in their lives.
Much of the growth was attributed to a large decrease in the trade deficit, primarily from lower oil prices.
The infants remain for weeks and occasionally months after birth, instead of days, because their parents are unable to care for them, doctors say.
He has not won at Riverfront Stadium since June 13, 1983.
Mr. White portrayed himself as sacrificing himself for the larger good.
''I feel a moral obligation to protect the patient and his or her family,'' he added.
''At least,'' she added, ''I didn't.
Pothin, the first Bishop of Lyons, died in prison here around the year 187.
Hayashi's tale, with its air of corrupt cynicism, couldn't be farther from the meditative quiet of some prewar stories, yet its method might be defined in Shimaki's terms: to watch simply to see what happens.
Mr. Pacificador is the powerful National Assemblyman from Antique province, a close ally of President Ferdinand E. Marcos and majority leader of the Assembly.
Republic Airlines said it would reduce its lowest air fares by as much as 25 percent during the spring travel season.
There is a Richard Nixon, with a ski-jump nose and comically ungainly mannerisms.
But the conventional wisdom among programmers is that made-for-television movies, rather than theatrical movies that have already appeared in theaters or that are available on video cassette, sometimes can give ratings a boost.
Unlike the situation that confronted the United States during the Depression of the 1930's, when the main concern of economic policy was to reduce excess saving (or ''hoarding,'' as it was called) and to increase consumption, the basic United States problem today appears to be insufficient saving and excess consumption, financed by debt, both foreign and domestic.
McCormick & Company, makers of seasonings, flavoring products and specialty foods, plans to move its grocery products division and computer operations out of the inner harbor to its Hunt Valley complex in suburban Baltimore County.
Pessimism About Prospects Some aides are not optimistic that substantial banking legislation will be sent to President Reagan this year.
From there the Nets stumbled from the free-throw line - 2 for 6 in the final minutes - and from the field, as the Bucks' defense tightened.
Crateloads of Responses Once the information from the questionnaires is gathered, collated and processed, it will be used to frame the issues that will be presented before the coming archdiocesan synod.
It was not an unusual reaction in the West to what Easterners might consider good news: that an animal thought to be all but extinct was surviving.
The State Department, meanwhile, told United States embassies today that the Reagan Administration would propose a ''near-term freeze'' on manufactured chemicals that depleted the ozone.
''The moral of the story is that modern aircraft tend to experience a fair number of failures with their complex electronic systems,'' said one Congressional expert.
Dick Cook, the company's senior vice president for distribution, said he ''started to plant seeds of relationships in September 1985, with much more upscale theaters with a reputation for playing classy movies.''
She became president of the Lincoln League of Women Voters, a group that came out victorious in a fight to preserve the city's strong-mayor charter.
This problem led to the dismissal in 1984 of Federal charges brought by Mr. Giuliani's office against several electrical contractors in New York.
A clerk for Judge Murphy said this afternoon that attorneys for the two sides had filed a motion to dismiss the case in the state court.
Shortly before leaving New York to travel cross-country with his girlfriend, Mr. Feder heard from Martin.
Page A1 News Analysis: President Reagan was unable to hold enough of his backers in the Republican column to retain control of the Senate and he had only partial success in his effort to make Republicans fully competitive in the South.
Only a year ago, Dr. Halfdan Mahler, the head of the World Health Organization, cautioned against exaggerating the danger of AIDS.
Both minerals have unusual electromagnetic properties, Dr. Harlow said, and, when heated, ''turn into a little battery that produces a charge.''
The latter three have a slightly jazzy American flavor, filtered through a European sensibility, and are rather fun.
Mr. Jarvi and his Gothenburg forces also recorded Stenhammar's Symphony No.
The analyst said, ''Portfolio managers bought stocks in this group on the anticipation that rates would go up, but now they face the prospect of states possibly rolling back rates.''
''We don't have egos,'' he said.
Mr. Crowell spoke mainly in simple terms, but his testimony may be the most detailed public discussion by an agency official of its work.
It will help me on Tuesday.''
Canada was pressing the United States to take extensive steps to curb industrial emissions that are the source of acidic precipitation, which is harming marine and plant life in the northeastern United States and Canada.
Separately, the Recording Industry Association of America, which represents all major record labels, said it had considered investigating independent promotion practices, but did not proceed with an inquiry.
According to Bob Arum, the promoter, Lupe Aquino, Carlos Santos and Tony Montgomery have been mentioned as possible opponents.
and, of course, auctioneers still deal frequently with foreclosures, bankruptcies and estate sales.
It's hard to shop for a car when you don't have one.
The Democratic leadership in the House has been opposed to supporting revenue increases unless they are first supported by the President.
Judge Severino Santiapichi, the white-haired presiding magistrate, looked strained and exhausted as the 10-month ordeal ended.
Only 6 of the 36 death-penalty states flatly prohibit executing juveniles, but most consider youth as possibly mitigating against a death sentence.
She adds: ''For them, the grapes used to make wines are as inconsequential as the breed of hen that laid the eggs they had for breakfast.
If the 49ers use that strategy on the Jets, Ken O'Brien can be just as damaging as Phil Simms was.
The letters that form the word ''Torah'' appear all through Genesis, one by one, in strict order, at regu-lar intervals of 49 letters, perfectly integrated into the words that compose the text.
Officials of five OPEC countries worked again today to try to reach an agreement on what daily oil-production level to propose to the full 13-member group as its fair market share.
The ''triple witching hour,'' famous for its bizarre fluctuations in stock prices, lived up to its reputation yesterday, when blue-chip stock prices soared and trading volume skyrocketed as professionals and large institutions started buying stocks by the bucketful just minutes before Wall Street was to close for the weekend.
''I know I have to deal with nature and I'm willing to do that,'' Mr. Yankus said.
''Internships tout entree to a glamorous hidden world,'' she said.
The best way to solve it is to have a good waterproofing contractor excavate around the outside walls.
Then, as the clock neared that moment today, he asked the audience to rise, while two buglers sounded taps.
For weeks Mr. Burke met daily with a crisis management team that included the company's general counsel, its vice president for public relations, the president of the McNeil subsidiary and other executives.
After questioning, Sergio was handcuffed and led to a police van and taken to the 110th Precinct in Queens.
It comes with 640K of random access memory and a 1.2-megabyte floppy disk drive.
Proceeding north on Greenwich Street, one is following in the footsteps of the area's earliest inhabitants.
A week later Mr. Nofziger wrote a letter to Mr. Jenkins asking him to intervene to urge the Army to provide a ''letter of intent'' indicating their intentions to approve the contract.
Then the new Plantpak Pump-Can may be worth an investment.
Many who suffer from success are psychologically perfectly healthy, but have skewed their values in the service of their career.
I had to do everything as the nursemaid - to make sure the manuscript survived and became a book and reached its readers - and to tell that story alone would call for another volume of memoirs, or perhaps a mystery book (should we change genres?
His father is president of Triac Electronic Systems, a consulting firm in Brooklyn.
Alexis Felix du Pont 4th was killed and four children, including two of his own, were injured when his car collided with a westbound train less than 200 yards from his home, the police said.
One of Closest Reagan Aides Mr. Casey, who served in the Office of Strategic Services in World War II and later became wealthy as a lawyer and venture capitalist, has been at the center of power for nearly two decades.
A FUNNY DIRTY LITTLE WAR By Osvaldo Soriano.
The turmoil at the normally collegial institution, which often exerts more influence over the nation's economy than even the White House or Congress, appears to have waned.
''Getting the letter shocked us,'' recalled Helen Allen, marketing director of Le Panier Very French Bakery, which operates three retail bakeries and supplies many Portland restaurants.
Fares begin at $199 a night including the Statue cruise, for which space was available at this writing.
More naturalistic than the other carvings, the figures, nevertheless, have much in common, most notably small faces, with mouths set very low, and downcast eyes.
To the Editor: I was interested in the letter from New York State's Comptroller, Edward V. Regan (Feb. 20) with respect to the method by which Municipal Assistance Corporation surplus funds are allocated.
The nation's three main synchrotron radiation sources are at the Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island, Stanford University and the University of Wisconsin.
House Banking committee members say they intend to introduce legislation in the new Congress delaying a Japanese bank's purchase of Aubrey G. Lanston & Company, a United States Government bond dealer, until Japan takes more steps to open its financial markets to Americans.
The State Health Department, which must enforce the smoking laws along with local health officers, has published guidelines for employers urging them to consult with employees in designing a workable smoking policy.
France was not well served by such accusations, she said.
The film's director, John Landis and four associates, including a producer, George Folsey, are on trial in the July 23, 1982, deaths of two children and the actor Vic Morrow on a movie set.
He wrote the rock score for last season's Hartford Stage Company production of Sam Shepard's ''Tooth of Crime.''
''Home of the Brave,'' for example, asks what went wrong back in the McCarthy era, when the United States became ''a country that even persecuted the Weavers.''
''The wind made the course even tougher,'' he said.
Mr. Kuryokhin is a cheerful artistic rebel.
In addition, the Senator has been hurt by a series of damaging disclosures concerning the Federal nuclear installation at Hanford in southeastern Washington.
Also attending was Col. Loren Shriver, the pilot of the space shuttle Discovery on which Colonel Onizuka flew his first space mission in January 1985; Representative Daniel K. Akaka of Hawaii, and Lieut.
In part, the report says, it is because the power has become an illusion.
She is the coordinator for the artists-in-education program of the Minneapolis State Arts Board in St. Paul.
Maybe I can find two hours to read this script.'
Sun-Kwa Soo Kim, 45, 38-08 147th St., Flushing, Queens.
was run out of the Civil Guard's Subgroup No.
I remembered where I'd seen the sling-and-Scotch business.
My review of cases decided in the last few years shows that even victims with fractures and soft-tissue injuries have been able to collect for pain and suffering if the injuries have been demonstrated to be serious in nature.
They might not live quite so happily ever after, but the rest of us probably would.
(She was the dehydrated, discombobulated runner who staggered to the finish of the 1984 Olympic marathon.)
Seldom has an incident of controversy involving Mr. Friedman occurred in which someone - generally the loser - has not been described in public accounts as having changed his position after a private meeting with Mr. Friedman.
Here was a moment in history, a chance to use America's influence to advance Western values, American values, in a highly important place.
Indications of Procedures The Soviet move on verification measures was presented not as a set of detailed proposals but as indications of the sort of procedures both sides might agree upon to verify long-range mobile missiles, officials said.
The Knicks lost again Monday night to Golden State in Oakland, then they lost the next night in Denver, as they had feared.
With persistence, the consumer may also reap some benefits.
But this is not remarkable when viewed against previous trends.
But the ''magic eights'' lost their glamour and their profits as interest rates began rising in the late 1970's, ultimately reaching the highest levels since the Civil War.
The cosmetic company, which was bought by Pantry Pride for $1.74 billion after one of last year's most protracted takeover battles, signed an S.E.C.
''We were approached a couple of weeks ago about developing some packages, and they said, 'Here's a list of competing products, and we want to look as much alike as possible.'
His mother was the only European leader who openly assisted and supported the United States' April 14 raid on Libya.
Almost magically, Johnson's insertion of Dykstra as a pinch-hitter in the seventh had created a tingling triumph in the ninth.
''Once you start looking at mining from different technologies, you probably would not do it the same way as it's done today,'' Dr. Ansell said.
Their excuse is phony, but here's the irony: We did pull our punch.
Perhaps the most famous version of the Pastoralka, its text derived from folk literature, its music drawn primarily from traditional Polish carols, was created by the late Polish director and theatrical writer Leon Schiller.
After he was intercepted a second time, leading to Schmidt's 45-yard field goal and a 2-point deficit at the end of the third quarter, Testaverde threw a 20-yard touchdown to the closely covered Brian Blades.
State law allows towns to place a temporary halt on construction if it is clear that existing codes are inadequate to deal with growth.
The latest quarter's earnings, which will be announced in September, will be below last year, but Mr. Thomas still expects a better year.
Some of the concerns among the New Haven's firefighters, he said, have been ''What happens if I'm injured while participating in the exercise program?''
However, beginning with 1970, that rate dropped precipitously, from 4.88 in 1970 to 3.3 in 1976.
''To date, we've gotten about six requests, and we've had six absentee ballots printed,'' said Mr. Bell, adding that, as each new request comes in, additional ballots are authorized.
If you mature slowly, at the rate of one month a year, you are more retarded at the age of 21 with the mental age of a 2-year-old child than you were at the age of 5 years, with the mental age of an 8-month-old infant.
Wells Fargo also, despite its well-publicized closing of many of its international offices last year, remains involved in Latin America.
But for the fans at Belmont Park yesterday, it was cause to cheer.
She also said the judge had not exhausted all alternatives before issuing such an ''extreme order.''
''The Fascists in Nazi Germany and Mussolini's Italy and in Japan in the pre-World War II period all outlawed abortion,'' she said.
''In the beginning, they were thrilled that we existed and functioned as a sort of co-sponsor,'' said Evelyn Regino, vice president and treasurer of the Ninth Avenue Association and one of the organizers of the fair since its inception.
Robins filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code last August.
8.Can you mind Rambo for two weeks?
July 6 - ''Liberty to Liberty'' triathlon: Athletes swim 1.5 miles from Statue of Liberty to Liberty State Park, bike 100 miles to Philadelphia, then run a 10-kilometer race to Liberty Bell.
Hardly has Joe gone to work when he finds himself first in bed with the security chief's own wife and then off on a murderous deer hunt with his aggrieved superior, who is in any case a vicious racist.
I had a ruptured hamstring.
This is the worst I've seen it.''
Then Georgie concludes: ''Now, there's one common denominator.
Mr. Schrade, who described himself as a board member of the American Civil Liberties Union, said the commission's actions left standing ''those serious questions that still disturb many Americans about what happened'' the night of the assassination.
The fans may not sit on upturned cracker barrels in rustic general stores.
''I don't have exact figures now, but a year ago, only 50 of our 340,000 workers were 69 years old,'' said Allyson Liedtke, who manages the company's retirement benefits.
''I've never won so much money in one chess tournament,'' Smejkal said.
But that street didn't remain snow-covered for long.
''The Dixie Dewdrop,'' starring Ralph P. Martin as Mr. Macon and Gilles Malkine as his sidekick, will feature 16 traditional country tunes, about half written by the Grand Ole Opry star, interspersed with scenes on the road in Kentucky and Tennessee.
Some Quizzical Looks Mr. Speakes seemed concerned throughout about letting the Russians know they could not use the press to put additional pressure on Mr. Reagan to compromise.
His lawyer, Robert G. Morvillo, sought unsucessfully to have the Queens panel disqualified on the ground that the assistant district attorney in charge of the investigtion was not a city resident and was therefore ''unauthorized'' to present evidence to the panel.
Joseph Bianco, president of the Mount Vernon Police Benevolent Association, said that while the contract may not have ''pleased everyone'' it passed overwhelmingly, 114 to 26.
People will say: ''Do you remember when we used to drink blush wine and those dreadful margaritas?''
The year's first important Buddhist holiday, when monks lead people bearing flowers, incense and candles around a temple.
Science Fiction CHILDREN OF THE LIGHT.
The accommodations range from simple single rooms with a shared bath to two-room suites, some with cooking facilities and access to a garden.
Perhaps the brightest shaft this year was ''The Vanishing Family - Crisis in Black America,'' a two-hour ''CBS Reports'' with Bill Moyers.
''In the Inner Harbor, all you see are the pleasure craft, but when you look out here and see the tugs pulling in one of those huge ships, that's really exciting.''
As professors were subpoenaed in significant numbers by these committees, the Fifth Amendment became a common line of defense.
Four of the party heads in the Soviet Union's 15 republics were replaced, along with almost a third of the first secretaries in the 159 regions into which the republics are subdivided.
Praises Plan by Ward for Panel He praised Commissioner Ward's plan for a panel to evaluate information about corruption investigations, but declined to comment on his new policy of transferring a fifth of the patrol officers in each precinct annually.
Dinner costs $23 to $38 a person including tax and service.
Surprised by Offer ''I will advise you of our board's conclusions when they are reached,'' Joseph H. Johnson, the chairman and chief executive officer of Associated, said in a letter to David C. Farrell, May's chairman and chief executive.
GREEN: The head of the Liberal Party said the reason they endorsed him was his money.
The man's identity was not released.
THE main grist of Kremlinology has always been the civic rites of the Soviet state - or, more precisely, deviations from those rites.
''It's mind-boggling that he has that kind of presence after such a long layoff,'' Brown said.
Indeed, Bent, whose sights are now set on the 1988 Olympics, has a decidedly unaffected manner that has made him a favorite of other fighters who train with Washington at a church in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn.
There is a case for maintaining that facts, like medlars or manure, should be allowed to mature before use.
The solid wood sticks come in three choices of handles.
He said the money had earlier been budgeted as part of the $900 million in economic and military aid that the Reagan Administration pledged to seek from Congress from 1985 to 1991, after the last round of negotiations on American military base rights here.
Like Long Island and northern New Jersey before it, the mid-Hudson region, still dotted with rambling farms, stone cottages and small, rural towns, is gradually being drawn into the major metropolitan region, with New York City at its hub.
Liquor was flowing freely on many of the vessels, and many of the passengers obviously had been partaking since early in the day.
''I can't feel for the guy, because it's happened to me,'' Orosco said.
And on Saturday at 10:30 A.M., the meteorologist Frank Field will serve as host of ''The Parent Test,'' a half-hour quiz that will endeavor to measure such parenting skills as handling rebellious behavior and drug use among children.
''They're either buying influence or believing in ideas.''
In addition, traders began to speculate that the August figure would be revised upward by as much as $1.5 billion, said William Orsini, the manager of commercial foreign exchange at the Bank of Montreal's New York office.
Unlucky in Draw ''I'm happy and confident after winning the French Open,'' Mrs. Lloyd said.
While the two have for the moment chosen to remain silent by pleading the Fifth Amendment, they could presumably name other officials without incriminating themselves.
Rerouting of air lanes to reduce flight delays is expected to be completed by February, according to James Turner, a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman based in New York.
She's not saying anything to me, and I'm not talking to her.''
The Game Council and the Division of Fish, Game and Wildlife are prime witnesses for the trappers' case.
The Israeli aircraft apparently flew at a very low level, making them difficult to pick up by radar after they took off.
Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige announced the actions at the conclusion of an unusual investigation by his department's Inspector General of a ''leak'' last September of the so-called flash indicator of the gross national product.
On a slow blues by Mr. Jennings, ''Glide On,'' and his driving rhythm tune, ''Alexandra,'' Mr. Flory demonstrated the distinctive qualities of this fusion, creating a shift from the emphasis expected on either a standard blues or a swing performance.
Of the 33 defendants in the Lender-Lambert investigation, 14 are awaiting sentencing, most of them gang members who pleaded guilty and cooperated with prosecutors.
Under such a system, developed in Japan, parts are delivered near the time that they are needed on production lines, cutting inventory costs.
More money was never forthcoming and projects could not be completed, leading to foreclosures, they say.
Each said she knew at least one American here who could not leave because of children.
Someone figured out that Mr. Schmidt had spoken to Parliament more than 500 times; his first salvo as a young Social Democratic legislator from Hamburg was aimed at the Postal Minister on Jan. 21, 1954.
That left Solomon Miller, a rookie, as the only healthy receiver, and Jeff Hostetler, the third-string quarterback, played there for a while.
It would be useful to do some re-editing, cut down a bit on the original documentary and bring it up to date, even if only with a brief new introduction or conclusion.
[ There were conflicting reports on the intensity of the quakes, United Press International reported.
Pierre S. Du Pont 4th of Delaware, Representative Jack F. Kemp of upstate New York and Senator Paul Laxalt of Nevada.
He owns, with partners, several Chinatown buildings.
But William Sarnoff, the chairman of Warner Books, sounded a note of caution.
'It Wears Out' But after 10 blocks of jolts on Fifth Avenue and side streets, the joltmeter had expired.
Nationally, those first offerings ranged from $20 a bottle (about 8 percent markup) to $21.67 a bottle (about 17 percent markup).
Mr. Santucci, he said, had meant to illustrate the various frustrations a prosecutor faces.
Under the new law, however, mortgage interest deductions on first and second homes are limited to the original purchase price of the home plus the cost of improvements.
It was a quiet return of the native to this northern Wisconsin town of 12,000 people, where residents are divided over the propriety of Mr. Hasenfus's actions to aid the Nicaraguan counterrevolutionaries.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: * American Petroleum Institute
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
(1.5 million did so last year) could get the score sheet and the questions.
That followed a 4 percent increase in December.
Fifty tales by a Yorkshire veterinarian about his favorite animal.
The object is not to just get the best players in the country, but the best young ones.
And, of course, we had to go through the fans to get out on the field.
To trace the Arawaks, they visited 27 of the islands in the region and found their pottery and other evidence on 22 of them.
Box seats in both ball parks cost $40 during the Series.
It shows Eustace Tilly taking a cream pie in the face.
If drains ever bothered you, then ''It'' is going to suck you right in.
But no garlic or sausage.
Yonkers, N.Y. $253,500 161 Brookdale Road *2*3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 62-year-old Tudor/ Norman; *2*eat-in kitchen, 1-car garage; taxes $3,191.
Meanwhile, manufacturing job losses intensified during the previous year and showed no sign of abating, and several Wall Street companies, most notably Paine Webber Inc., seemed to be taking part of their operations out of town.
And this year it is going even higher.
''We're not looking to trap people,'' the Prosecutor said.
Besides Kiawah Island, the firm's past projects include Fisher Island between Miami and Miami Beach; Key Colony in Key Biscayne, Fla., and Avanel Farms in Potomac, Md.
So I had to be fast and furious.
The production now at the Darien Dinner Theater is not the best of all possible stagings, but it is one of them, so one cannot avoid saying that ''The Joint Is Jumpin' '' - the title of one of some 30 ripping musical numbers that make up the heart and soul of a marvelous show.
Rutgers University also wants to study the bill further to see how it might affect some of its research projects.
Queen Pizzeria, 6812 Bay Pkwy.
Note: If you wish to serve the sorbet in lime cups, halve four limes by carefully cutting them in two in a decorative, zigzag pattern.
Under the law, 4.9 percent must be cut from each account, which amounts to a total of $325 million in cuts from the research activities of the independent Defense Department agencies.
''Construction is an area where the United States can compete,'' said Mr. Smart in Tokyo before returning to the United States last week.
As vice president of the conference and in his six years at St. Louis, Archbiship May has earned a reputation as a low-key leader who is bright but not overly ideological, according to church officials who know him.
Punctuating important points in the company's story with flamboyant gestures, she made her choreographic history lesson proceed with mounting elation.
Even someone as exemplary as Jewett skirted patriarchy, finding islands of female community, nurturance and achievement.
Among the larger oil stocks, Exxon closed up 2 5/8, to 64 3/8; Chevron 1 1/4, to 40; Texaco 5/8, to 30 3/8 and Mobil, up 1 1/2, to 33.
In 1983 the company reduced its work force by 11,000, almost entirely through voluntary separations.
Stick to Your Ribs, 1785 Stratford Avenue, Stratford, Conn. 06497; 203-377-1752.
Ruby Stewart, who watched the vigil, said: ''He gave his life for all of us, especially poor people.''
Reviving 'Dead Material' The didactic quality of much of the Auschwitz footage posed the dilemma, as Mr. von zur Muhlen put it, of ''bringing life to dead material.''
* 3 THE WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK OF FACTS 1986.
He has begun wandering through the woods trying to find gobblers that he will strive to lure within shotgun or bow-and-arrow range when the spring season for the birds in New York State opens May 1.
He returned to Time a year later as executive vice president and a director, before his retirement in 1971.
'Not a Private Affair' Senator Moynihan said: ''The ownership of banks is not a private affair.
But in the 1970's, he moved from performing to writing, creating industrial shows, touring revues and a flop Broadway musical (''Legend'').
Mr. Reagan said his objections were that this program would be administered by the judiciary rather than the executive, and that was inconsistent with the doctrine of separation of powers.
3 2 20 LAKE WOBEGON DAYS, by Garrison Keillor.
In addition, he said, ''The markets are a relaxed, loving environment where real people take the time to explain about the food they have grown with their own hands to real customers.''
She graduated from Brown University, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and she and her husband, a graduate of Yale College, received medical degrees from Yale.
''Offensive linemen like to be recognized, but it happens positively once a career.
In part, the community feeling results from having a lot of part-time students who work during the day, and therefore have something in common.
b-After realized investment losses of $632,000 for the quarter and realized investment gains of $5,909,000 for the 9 months.
Wearing both hats, the captain sometimes wrote letters to himself asking for certain things; he would then answer the letters in the affirmative.
But Wynegar said that Guidry's slider had something to do with his success.
The brick neo-Gothic church was decorated with red roses and white carnations.
The brochure stresses that the company's average hourly employment costs have risen from $9.01 in 1974 to $25.20 now while the number of jobs in union categories has gone down from 93,737 to 21,213.
When Defense Minister Juan Ponce Enrile led the military revolt that ousted President Ferdinand E. Marcos of the Philippines, there was euphoria and hosannas.
Death-qualified jurors are, for example, more likely to believe that a defendant's failure to testify is indicative of his guilt, more hostile to the insanity defense, more mistrustful of defense attorneys and less concerned about the danger of erroneous convictions.
The House set a defense level that maintains troop levels, operational readiness, training and maintenance.
Capital improvements and operating subsidies have so far cost taxpayers $10 billion.
They had that policy last year for players with less than one year's service and, Woodward said, they will have it next year for players in the majors for less than three years.
Infraction Was Not Recorded Once the vehicle was stopped, he added, even though the taxi driver was not cited for a violation and the red light infraction was not recorded in the officers' duty books, the behavior of the three passengers was sufficient ''reasonable suspicion'' to allow them to be asked to step out of the car.
The tape, which has heating wires inside and is connected to an electrical outlet, functions much like an electric blanket.
They have chosen instead to demand a political price for their support: a change in the electoral system that would force Mr. Papandreou to turn to them for help in forming a Government.
- I was all in blue Am I getting old?
Sandwiches and breakfast entrees are in the $5-to-$6 range.
Let me make a statement on Daniloff before you leave.
Among new tax-exampt issues that were priced yesterday was a $410 million offering of one-year tax and revenue anticipation notes from Colorado.
''I may have gotten tired, as I say, but I don't think I gave anything away.
From the start of the 1981 season until Sunday, the Dolphin home regular-season record was 33-3-1.
Pixels on conventional sensors are rectangular; those on Kodak's are square.
So everyone pushes a small food bundle down among the socks and camera and spare shirt in his or her pack.
''The greed pressures have built up so in this industry,'' said Peter A. Cohen, chief executive of Shearson.
Some of them may have to watch next week's game on television.
Mexico, like some of the other debtors, has sent signals that it will ask its bankers to accept limits on interest it pays - the sort of action that bankers say discourages further lending and that the Baker plan was designed to avoid.
The ones to pick are described as dormant, usually abbreviated as ''dor.''
In a book that relies so heavily on exact detail and verisimilitude, this becomes an irksome evasion.
On March 8, the Catholic conferences informed him that they would not comply.
Many of these salad crops are planted in spring as soon as the ground can be worked while others do not thrive in midsummer's heat and grow best if started in late summer to grow in the cooler fall months.
Mr. Nader found that an appropriate connection, since some questions were once raised concerning Mr. Casey's stock market transactions.
At Shrubsole, for instance, a Monteith bowl made in 1705 by Richard Syng, the British silversmith, is not only important for its design but its type.
He soon became a 6-2 center, moving to the post and freeing Stoefen to the wing, where the taller Hillhouse would be lured outside into poor rebounding position.
Four other House appropriations are scheduled to be voted on this week.
Victim of Cultural Revolution Mr. Liu, a professor of English literature and drama at Nanjing University who was banished to labor on a farm during the Cultural Revolution, was allowed to spend the 1983-1984 academic year studying at Harvard University.
The actions were precipitated by 12 students, 10 of them staff members of the right-wing Dartmouth Review, who drove onto the College Green at 3 A.M. Tuesday and took sledgehammers to three shanties erected by a liberal group that wants Dartmouth to divest itself of stock in companies doing business in South Africa as a protest against apartheid.
A rare public comment on the case today came from Volker Kahne, spokesman for the West Berlin justice ministry, who said Mr. Hazi ''did not appear to be the main perpetrator'' in the blast at La Belle Club, which killed an American serviceman and a Turkish woman and left 230 others wounded.
In the second work, the 1971 ''Five Plates, Two Poles,'' we encounter one of the artist's key predecessors.
'Loophole' Found The uproar in Shelton - coming after a barrage of studies in the last few years that have criticized the state of education throughout the nation - illustrates the hazards facing school districts that move to adopt tougher academic standards.
Meanwhile, Tito would be sighted in various places, such as when visiting a basketball-playing friend at American University in Washington.
A half-dozen launch customers, ranging from Western Union to the Government of Iran, have signed letters of intent with China to send communications satellites aloft on its still-untested fleet of Long March rockets.
A Government statement said Mr. Gandhi named Sidhartha Shankar Ray as the new Governor of Punjab.
The official said the President wanted to insure that the American raid was seen in the Middle East as anti-Qaddafi and not anti-Arab.
But agricultural officials here said that while the gesture was appreciated, it was hardly enough to relieve the problem.
He stood with a fixed smile on his face as those loyal to the national union explained their case, and then he demanded a debate in the Middle West over the Austin strike.
The company's initial public offering, with Kidder, Peabody & Company heading underwriters, consisted of 4 million common shares last July 26.
''I'm trying to present the work of artists who I believe are great, but they are not fashionable.
Land disposal is more difficult for Boston than for many other cities, according to Douglas I. Foy, executive director of the Conservation Law Foundation, because of toxic industrial discharges the state has done little to curb.
He said that as one of them, Officer Jeffrey Gilbert, was ''pinning me down'' in a room at the 106th Precinct station house in Ozone Park, the other, Sgt.
''To be perfectly honest, it was so long ago I don't remember,'' he said.
''There are dangers inherent to living in almost any city,'' she adds.
So even though we don't feel that it was likely that we had a leak from the tank, we've also done some analysis to try to determine what the effect of the leak would be on the joint.
Badalamenti, you are directed to answer the question,'' Judge Pierre N. Leval told him.
Most annual flowers are at their peak now: geraniums, zinnias, impatiens, asters, cosmos, marigolds.
''And we're targeting another $500,000 for the remainder of the campaign,'' he said.
Reykjavik's sudden breakup does not mean that the sweeping agreements approached there will go no further.
'The young people just aren't there.
There will also be a father-and-son team, James and Jimmy Keane.
For that reason, we have intensified our efforts to discourage our friends from selling arms to Iran, with significant, but not complete, success.''
A four-drawer chest, in the same pattern, is also available for $14.
Although Taft would not comment, industry analysts believe that Robert Bass, one of the four Bass brothers, the wealthy investment family, has put pressure on Taft's management to sell the stations.
His father, former president and chief executive officer of M/A-Com Inc., a telecommunications concern in Burlington, Mass., and his stepmother, Anna Gould, founded the Point Sebago Camp Sunshine Foundation Inc., an organization in Casco that provides vacations for families of children afflicted with cancer.
It's not something you can purchase.''
''I'm sure he wanted to give it a good effort while he was here,'' Mattingly said.
He helped form the independent record label SST to insure that the band would retain complete artistic control.
Now the malady appears to have subsided; its cause is still a mystery.
''I had the season I had and nobody can take that away from me,'' he said, describing himself as ''a player who lets his numbers speak for themselves.''
Does the idea seem practical, and if so, how much space should I leave between the sun shield and the top of the machine's cabinet?
Mr. Nelson said an investigator of the National Transportation Safety Board had been summoned to Hammonton.
Removal of asbestos from schools would be mandatory under a bill agreed upon by House and Senate negotiators.
The Wistar Institute in Philadelphia has long been a pioneer in developing new vaccines.
As waters warm, summer species like porgies, bluefish and summer flounder will replace the spring migrants.
Stockholders voted at the annnual meeting to change the corporate name from Carteret Savings & Loan Association.
''I've finally realized my goal,'' said Speck yesterday in Houston.
We could lose that guy.''
We've been doing it for years.
We await a final Supreme Court decision, but nothing the Court says should or will remove our obligation to bring overspending under control.
''It was devastatin' bu' I was young.''
Government surveys to substantiate that presumption will not be available until this summer.
Foreign and domestic passengers on Egyptair, which has separate quarters in the terminal, are subject to frisking and as many as six separate baggage inspections by machine and by hand.
There he coached the famous defensive line known as the Seven Blocks of Granite, which included Vince Lombardi and did not allow a touchdown in 1937.
Grateful Deadline FRED BASS, WHO RUNS the world's largest bookstore - the Strand, at 12th Street and Broadway, in Manhattan - spotted me on my hands and knees in the dictionary section, and called to my attention the Standard Dictionary of Folklore, Mythology and Legend.
According to the sponsors, the assessment would permit price supports to be continued at the current level without adding to the Federal deficit.
So far, they have been incapable of doing that.
If rates fall, the gains on the call options and the return from short-term investment in the money markets produce a return far higher than a low-risk money market portfolio but less than a portfolio of long-term bonds.
''The Herald at times has seemed contemptuous of Dallas traditions.''
Meanwhile, heat the butter in a heavy skillet or casserole and add the lemon rind.
The conversations at the New York-Washington dinner parties they go to wouldn't make any sense to the kids from Chicago whose idea of a night out is to fill up on beer in some noisy local joint.
A key question is whether, despite the exclusion of Iraq, the group can cut production sufficiently to defend the fixed price of $18 a barrel.
Registration begins at 9 A.M. Advance registration by phone is from Chargit at 944-9300.
And middle-class Germans will not trust a radical-left Social Democratic Party to manage the goose.
Mr. Anderson lived at 532 East 34th Street in the Flatbush section.
clay, has a secret purpose in society.'')
His company, he said, has a list of 600,000 persons waiting for motocycles.
From the tall window of my beamed 17th-century Paris apartment, I survey two busy sidewalk restaurants, the lofty trees and bookstalls edging the Seine and the lacy spires of Notre Dame cathedral.
Over the course of several months, Mr. Lachmann met several Tektronix officials, including the general manager of the German subsidiary, Robert Doerner.
c-Includes foreign tax credits of $39,000 for the quarter and $114,000 for the year.
In response to a question from Mr. Bliley about the relative risks of smoking and abortion, Dr. Koop said, ''I consider a dead fetus to be a serious health matter.
Fiber Images, the Macknit Gallery of Fiber Art, 70-72 East Palisade Avenue near Grand Avenue, Englewood, N.J., 201-568-3369.
''Dissatisfaction with what has been done, sharp criticism of failings which have hindered the revolutionary process in Afghanistan, could be seen in the decisions taken last autumn by the Revolutionary Council,'' Pravda said.
All the while, analysts, strategists and traders were beginning to think about the third, and equally obvious, use of computing power: Analytics, the use of computers for evaluating new trading opportunities.
The marriage of Sally JoAnne Menke to Aldo Luis Parisot took place yesterday at the home of the bridegroom's mother, Ellen Lewis Parisot, in Wilton, Conn.
He opened by whipping two fastballs past Reynolds, who then hit the third for a home run over the right-field fence, the first surrendered by Gooden since last Aug. 15.
The company actually heard about it by reading newspaper reports.
Kohlberg bought the stations last year from Storer and Wometco.
Spacing Is Important Most books, of course, do not have blockbuster potential and therefore they are published about a year after the manuscript arrives at the publishing house.
charged that at least 12 times between 1980 and 1984 Mr. Reich gave Mr. Levine inside information about his firm's activities and that Mr. Levine, who is 33, turned that information over to Robert M. Wilkis, 37, formerly of Lazard Freres & Company, and that Mr. Wilkis used some of it in buying stock.
Fetching another, older Mac from upstairs, I hooked that one up to the modem.
Yakovenko opened the scoring in the second minute when he rammed home a rebound after Vasily Rats had taken a free kick at the right of the goal.
The pianist Hilton Ruiz will perform tonight and tomorrow at the West End Cafe, 2911 Broadway, at 114th Street (666-8750).
And manufacturing the chips, he said, could prove to be prohibitively expensive.
The sluggish economy also encouraged those cuts.
''And we need all the ideas we can get in this crazy game we play.''
He also said the F.B.I.
Both expressed deep disappointment about the results, but both also left the door open to renewed efforts.
By heritage, Sabata Dalindyebo was the paramount chief of the Themba people, who form the majority of those who live in the Transkei, a nominally independent, so-called homeland on the southeastern coast of South Africa.
John Paul arrived today in this city where hundreds of thousands sleep on the streets, in sewer pipes or in mud huts, and he tried to explain that God loves them, too.
At JG, the more athletic buyers bounced on reproductions of Rene Herbst's 1920's trampoline classics -metal chairs with seats made of rubber cables stretched between their sides.
And once Cory was in bed, he sat up the rest of the night completing his analysis.
After the salting, be sure to rinse and dry the eggplant thoroughly.
There were times this season when, sadly, it looked as if basketball had indeed broken the player whose nickname, The Doctor, may be the most popular in all of sports.
This official also said, however, that ''who gave the order and why it was done in the way it was, we don't know.''
For information, call (215) 963-0667.
Have emergency supplies on hand for power failures or bad snow and ice storms.
One admires himself in a mirror, another reconnoiters a swimming pool and ends up perched on the end of its diving board; still another walks from a high-style country house into the woods.
Computer companies showed signs of emerging from their slump with impressive earnings gains.
And in another article, called ''Logistics of a Visit to Rangoon and Beyond,'' there is the comment: ''Burma is not a country known for its own cuisine.''
Wendy Krupnik was maid of honor for her sister and Douglas Sherman the best man.
The national unemployment rate dropped by one-tenth of a percentage point in December, to 6.8 percent, the lowest level in nearly five years, the Labor Department reported today.
Mr. Vaujour was serving an 18-year sentence for armed robbery and attempted murder of a police officer.
Purging specific constituents from the blood has obvious advantages, he added.
The Red Sox had only one out at that point, but Ojeda struck out Bill Buckner and got Jim Rice to ground into a force-play.
An important measure of new collector traffic is album and supplement sales.
Bunch Greenwade remembers watching his father leave for work, wearing a white shirt and tie, gunning his late-model Cadillac down the highway for eight or 10 days on the road.
Last fall, a group of hotels and restaurants, including some of Mexico City's best hotels and hotels in several other major cities, were sold by the Government for $60 million to a group of Mexican investors.
Johnny (Lam) Jones, eligible to return from a hand injury, will not be activated now.
Because the moving plastic sheet is extremely thin and light, it remains largely unencumbered by inertia.
His jaw dropped when Viigand ruffed and cashed the spade king.
The law was designed to prevent shortages of milk that were occurring when the law was enacted.
I continue to place my trust in the family I just left behind me, and I will continue to take the advice of my counsel.
Though the established list of such interfering substances is known to those who do the tests, new ones sometimes come up.
I could see it all clearly then.
The company said that approximately $3 million of the loss in the latest year was due to a tax assessment by the Internal Revenue Service relating to the company's operations in fiscal 1982.
GEOS can be purchased separately ($59.95) to use with older Model 64's, but it requires the use of a mouse pointing device or a joystick.
Can a Frank Stella design on a BMW command as high a price as the artist's acrylics on canvas?
''Everybody thinks the players don't feel anything about it,'' Howe said, ''but if you ever go in the dressing room after the game, a lot of the sticks going around are players' sticks.
Mr. DeWolf, who had changed his name, derided those claims in a 1982 interview, saying ''99 percent of what my father wrote about his past life was false.''
Life is often passed in Ciudad Rodrigo's Plaza Mayor in ways that would redefine novelty.
Theater as an Anchor But the theater, since its founding in 1970, has served as an anchor on the boulevard, providing a stage where residents who ''have been priced out of the market'' for Broadway productions, as one director of the theater said, could see theater that reflected their lives.
Mr. Rivella is the architect of this winery.
''Everyone takes courses all over,'' said Donna Gayle, a senior at Mount Holyoke from Baltimore, who is taking a course in anthropology, her major, at Amherst, and plans to take a literature course next semester at the university with the author James Baldwin, who holds a Five-College appointment.
But the Democrats have ended much of the talk about a ''realignment'' toward a permanent Republican majority.
The airline also said it would lay off 1,010 of its 7,000 flight attendants by Feb. 4.
There will be seven departures of the tour from April to October next year.
c-Including tax credits of $154,000 for the quarter and $234,000 for the year.
The coach didn't seem perturbed by the possibility of his players being perturbed at being away from their families.
b-Includes securities gains of $4,017,000 for the quarter and $4,186,000 for the 6 months.
All seats for this evening's chamber concert in Madison are $10.
The ruling is subject to review by the director of the State Division on Civil Rights.
Ms. Astorga claims to resent what she calls ''morbid curiosity'' about the murder.
''If we have our own house clean and our things in order,'' he said, ''the Nicaraguan Government and the court in the Hague will have no grounds for a case against Costa Rica.''
But chlorhexidine has side effects: it tastes bad, it may temporarily interfere with the sense of taste, it can stain the teeth, and bacteria can become resistant to it.
''This gives us the potential for winning,'' he said.
He also argued that two out-of-court statements by the youths whom Mr. Goetz shot, suggesting that they lied to the grand jury, did not constitute ground for dismissing the indictments.
If the litigation and the potential threat of a supply system bankruptcy is removed, the suspended utility credit ratings would be restored, allowing refinancing of bonds that were sold at an interest cost as high as 15.25 percent to construct three other units.
So while we can say blowing the whistle doesn't have to mean the end to your career, it will mean major adjustments.''
Meisner's, 1312 55th St. (New Utrecht Ave.).
10 IACOCCA: An Autobiography, by Lee Iacocca 11 81 with William Novak.
''When you've got a person who has raised so much money, has so much good taste and has all the contacts, I think it is a loss to the nation.''
Mr. Friedrick's assertions, officials said, led the Justice Department to close a politically sensitive 32-month investigation of Mr. Presser without seeking charges.
''He convinced us he was right based on the merits.
But we are convinced that competitive sports provide a valuable learning experience in their own right, and need not be justified only by virtue of some other problem they may alleviate.
When he was released Friday at 5 P.M., he still had 15 years to serve.
In Port Elizabeth in the eastern Cape Province, residents also said there were few soldiers or policemen at schools.
Mr. Evans added, however, that ''the published figures are going to be kind of high, and that is going to get some people worried'' about renewed inflation.
When Crawford entered the game in the seventh, Wilson singled, stole second and watched as Dykstra hit a fly ball to the 5-foot-high fence in right field.
The Senator is given high marks for her achievements on behalf of children, even by those who do not otherwise agree with her views as a generally conservative Republican.
Now Tway has leaped forward in another big money race - the run for the $500,000 top prize in the Vantage Cup standings.
B6 A new insulin pump was implanted in a diabetic, using technology developed in the space program.
The absolutely immoral nature of torture resides in this - one person's body substantiates another person's voice (the torturer ''asks the question'') without the consent or benefit of the former.
Anthony (Fat Tony) Salerno, the convicted boss of the Genovese crime group, and three associates were charged yesterday with carrying out a fraudulent scheme to select Jackie Presser as head of the teamsters' union.
For instance, when talking about surge protectors, Derek holds one up.
Miss Harvey has also succeeded in finding interestingly tricky jazz rhythms from fussier Sondheim lyrics like ''Another Hundred People'' and ''The Little Things You Do Together.''
The corporate minimum income tax of 20 percent ''is almost certain to cause some banks, particularly small ones, to disgorge themselves of a large chunk of their tax-exempt bonds,'' he added.
Mr. Forster and Carla Maxwell, who took over the Limon company's direction in 1978, discussed the links between their troupe and German dance recently.
In 1941 he escaped from occupied France and went to London to join the Free French forces of Charles de Gaulle.
Tibbs (4-2) won for the first time in eight starts since April 30, striking out five.
He said because the air-conditioning didn't work.
There is an emotional climax, too, when Miss Maiberger ends in an embrace with a partner.
But the race also highlights a growing trend in Japan toward political dynasties.
For instance, if an appropriations bill passed by the House allocated $100 million for a particular agency and the companion bill passed by the Senate allocated $200 million, the final legislation could not appropriate less than $100 million or more than $200 million.
Guess that's the only road to peace.''
ST. JOSEPH'S (Pa.) - Named Ken Krsolovic sports information director.
c-After an extraordinary charge of $170,000 resulting from an insurance claim for both the quarter and year.
When it's 106 degrees in Columbia, S.C., he's there.''
Some of the details of the Lilco Shoreham evacuation plan not mentioned in ''Shoreham Drill: Planning the Details'' [ Dec. 15 ] deserve consideration and public attention.
And the committee gave a grueling review of the Rehnquist nomination last summer before voting 13 to 5 to recommend confirmation.
No criminal charges have been brought against Mr. Sandow.
lost $87 million, but UAL earned $18.5 million.
I'm playing to contribute, and to have fun.
''We are relieved that the Administration has recognized the threat to the national security caused by the transfer of more and more machine tool manufacturing capacity to other countries and the concurrent loss of manufacturing capacity here at home,'' Mr. Gray said.
Mr. Klingman is a securities broker for the First Albany Corporation, an investment banking firm in New York.
Trading slowed dramatically on Wall Street yesterday as speculators apparently feared the repercussions of an insider trading investigation.
Office and Mixed-Use Complexes Location Sq.
Yesterday, in his directive outlining new procedures, Mr. Koch said the review committee would be composed of representatives of the Office of Operations, the Office of Management and Budget, the Law Department and the Office of Intergovernmental Relations.
Cheap wine will always be too expensive.''
Then there is a second client who can raise floating-rate financing most easily but would prefer a fixed rate.
Mr. Shultz and Sir Geoffrey, who is to arrive Thursday, are expected to seek to persuade Mr. Papandreou to make Greece a more active partner of the West.
Today he earned his ninth PGA Tour victory and fourth in the last two years.
Marshall was not among them, because even before the climbers reached their base camp, he had been dismissed from the expedition.
So the editor-publisher did not expect much response to a note he sent the Vice President - addressed to ''former Running Partner'' - letting Mr. Bush know that he would be stopping in Washington a few weeks ago.
The Mets got back one in the fifth when Tim Teufel doubled to left, scoring Rafael Santana from second base.
International The Group of Five meeting is not expected to yield major changes in world economic policy.
That made her very, very angry.''
He added, ''That's what people want on a local level.''
A Lesson in Pragmatism Mr. Lindgren who, in addition to directing the North Carolina troupe, heads the dance department at the North Carolina School of the Arts in Winston-Salem, said that Balanchine had impressed upon him the importance of developing a school before founding a company.
Equally startling is a sculpture by Michael Lucero whose surface is covered with a profusion of painted images that seem to represent a tropical volcanic landscape.
Early on in the Congressional campaign season, national political scouts from both major parties checked out central and upstate New York and found that two Republican representatives there were in popularity slumps while their Democratic challengers were gaining momentum.
''Maybe it's time K. C. Jones started getting some credit for what this club has become,'' he said.
Remove the block and scrape off all the old glue.
had new studies on health effects that the company wanted to see.
''You don't last in this business unless you are.''
''It's evident,'' said Sister Therese, ''that we can do the work here that priests are doing in other parishes.
''Enchanted Places'' will be shown in landscaped gardens covering three and a half acres.
First was Congressional passage of the deficit-reduction act that requires automatic cuts in Federal spending.
Some of the senators said they were troubled by the concessions they made today, afraid that the additional business taxes might be damaging to the economy.
''Do you mind sitting on the deck?''
Ryan not only picked up the first down, he picked up the entire team.
In 1949, Mr. Perkins began his national television career as the narrator of the NBC program, ''Zoo Parade.''
He managed to anchor the rhythm with his robust bass lines, sing in a strong and captivating manner and dance with a liquid grace, all at the same time.
Over the last six years plans have been changed several times, and a month ago the agency prepared a resolution to revoke his contract.
In theater, where the purity of language is at a premium, ''Pops'' is a restorative.
c-Includes a gain from the termination of a pension plan of $675,000 for both the quarter and year.
Three of the suspects are charged with premeditated murder: Bassem el-Ahmad, Naif al-Nadi and Sami Washah.
When she resisted, he pulled out the pistol and fired once at close range.
Sales were unchanged in some areas and nonexistent in others.
''We looked like a team that had traveled 12,000 miles in our last four games.
Miss Bhutto, who is 33 years old and has spent most of the last nine years in exile or under arrest here, is believed by many politicians to have shaken up the political situation in Pakistan and injected a major element of uncertainty over the country's future.
Although Congressional action is not yet final, it appears that the Administration, with the help of Congressional leders, will be able to eliminate General Revenue Sharing on Sept. 30.
It successfully used the bankruptcy proceeding to void its union contracts.
Rates include transportation from hotels.
''First one of them hits us, and then the other one picks us up,'' he said.
Beef with bean threads, ribs with white radish, and shredded pork with pickled cabbage are some of the less typical options.
If the museum is huge, so is its inaugural exhibition.
A funeral service is to be held tomorrow at 10:30 A.M. at the Holy Name of Mary Roman Catholic Church in Valley Stream, L.I., for a 13th officer, Brian F. O'Regan, who apparently took his own life Friday after his indictment.
He said he was shaken by the recent cocaine-related deaths of Len Bias, the basketball player, and Don Rogers, the football player.
The spread among the economists on the inflation outlook is not wide; the highest 10 are predicting 4 percent inflation next year and the lowest 10 only 2.4 percent.
I'm not going to overlook the things I don't like, I thought, such as the prejudices that my ears frequently heard, but there's so much to admire.
Some other Communist governments, including Bulgaria, Hungary, Rumania and Poland, have settled with the United States.
For the first three innings, Ryan had followed in the path of Scott, who had blown away the Mets with a 14-strikeout performance Wednesday night.
They hold their notes as long as their smiles - and follow up with ''I'll Never Smile Again.''
It is a modern structure that offers few surprises.
QUESTION: How did Mike Rozier's 1985 season in the National Football League compare with his 1985 season in the United States Football League?
As impressive as those winning numbers is the way the Mets are winning.
Put two breast halves on top of each; sprinkle with mixed herbs.
Giving the screen full page proportions, with the vertical axis longer than the horizontal just as on the papers we are used to dealing with, would impart added appeal.
Registration for the first session, to be held this Saturday, ends Thursday.
During a midtown stroll that day with another Red Sox left-hander, Bruce Hurst, they stopped to gape at the Empire State Building.
The oil ministers of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Venezuela, Indonesia and Nigeria met here today to take stock of efforts to enlist cooperation of non-OPEC producers in helping to stabilize the world oil market.
''I've read all the newspaper accounts with great interest,'' said Jim Ball, a spokesman at the Kennedy Space Center, ''but any response on these matters should come from headquarters.''
Announcement has been made by Barbara B. Deegan of Harrison, N.Y., of the engagement of her daughter, Anne Gaynor Deegan, to Keith Wilson Luke, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald K. Luke of New Canaan, Conn. A June wedding is planned.
Companies Owens-Illinois received a $3.3 billion buyout offer from Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts.
Among the directors in today's theater, Mr. Abbott likes Mike Nichols.
The army press office and senior army commanders have repeatedly denied accounts of abuse of prisoners.
It's all uphill once the tale gets under way of the hometown rider of a BMX, a type of two-wheeler designed to fly and bounce as well as roll, who beats the arrogant and corrupt outsiders in the big race.
An affidavit in the case, by Freddie Capps, identified as a special agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said that in 1982 Mr. Motamedi provided intelligence information about Iranians in the United States and the Iranian Government and asked for information about Iraqi submarine capabilities.
Their work has included lawsuits, lobbying, fund-raising and petition campaigns.
P-9's ranks also have been depleted by retirement and workers who have found other jobs.
She is a third-grade teacher at the Latin School of Chicago and a member of the Junior League of Chicago.
Push to Raise Standards Some educators say the increases in enrollment in such courses have been great enough so that the problem is no longer creating demand but finding qualified teachers and raising the standards.
Each of the 22 rooms has private bath, television and telephone.
Another evening cover-up was a sweater embroidered in beads and sequins to suggest alligator markings.
I had left him at 6:45 A.M., maybe for the last time.
Regardless of whether they become ill, they can spread the virus to others through sexual intercourse, sharing hypodermic needles, donating organs at death or to their infants at birth.
It happened almost as suddenly as the anachronization of the word ''Negro.''
To the Editor: After the United States Senate's orgy of indignation to engineer statutory sanctions against South Africa, they are now in full swing.
The morality of American business remains sound, he said.
The largest foreign presence in Aden is that of Soviet and other East bloc advisers, including East Germans who instruct the police force.
It was damaged during the religious wars of the 16th century and completely rebuilt in the 18th century following the design of Guillaume de la Tremblaye (1644-1715), a noted sculptor and architect and member of the Bec-Hellouin community.
At the center of the election controversy is Mrs. Neis, who said she campaigned vigorously in two hospitals on Roosevelt Island and in a nursing home on the Upper East Side where the disputed ballots came from.
hired him to get media recognition, he's certainly accomplished that.''
''I will definitely not demoralize our club over Jackson.''
The other problem is to fight our way through the bureaucratic minefield to get confirmation a person has been detained.''
The program is supported by a $239,962 grant from the National Centers for Disease Control, which will also finance a study of the program's effects on sexual behavior.
QUESTION: Who's the nattily dressed chap with the Panama hat always in the stands behind home plate at Dodger Stadium?
Miss Hauge attended the Brearley School and graduated from the Milton Academy and Dartmouth College.
He disclosed no details of his travel plans or whom his contacts were.
Lance Mehl, the right inside linebacker, led the unit with 5 1/2 sacks.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And his children were the object of adoring publicity from the moment they were born.
''With the war and everything else, one would almost think there is no future,'' the Sultan said.
He can throw runners out and he can handle pitchers.''
He said the report was typical of the ''Reagan Administration's ham-fisted attitude with regards to pornography - they are trying to prove something which has no scientific basis.''
Mr. Bensinger is a vice president, investments, of Dean Witter Reynolds in Chicago and expects to become a senior vice president of Cowen Asset Management in New York in October.
Danforth says the volleyball team had suffered injuries and did not play enough matches because of ''lack of interest.''
On 16 QxR, N-K5, Lamoureux could have tried 17 N-Q4, but 17. .
Representative John D. Dingell, the Michigan Democrat who is chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which oversees securities trading, plans to express his concern again to the Securities and Exchange Commission over program trading.
But as the coal economy crumbled over the years and the state's pride with it, the gold leaf peeled off the dome.
I put on armour (corruscating wit) .
''When I opened my eyes I was in the hospital.''
''The Mystical Machine: Issues and Ideas in Computing,'' by John Savage et al.
Tendons had torn from the bone, and the pain became so severe that she could hardly train or finish races.
A much longer goal drought was stopped when Kevin Lowe, off a pass from Gretzky, scored for the first time in 107 games.
It feels a bit like going into a basement to view art, even if the basement is as grandly conceived and as handsomely detailed as this one.
rookie of the year, got into a fourth-period shoving match with Buck Williams, the Nets' power forward, which led to the clearing of both benches.
Mr. Sauter's departure was the first and, apparently, the only major executive change prompted by the ouster of Thomas H. Wyman as CBS chairman by Mr. Paley and Mr. Tisch at a board meeting Wednesday.
Reading this book, it's hard not to wish for a few more editorial touches.
What's clearly on the record, though, is that going into this season, no basketball player had blocked more shots than Abdul-Jabbar, whose career total of 2,915 works out to better than two a game.
But it does suggest that a great many people have lost their critical faculties.
Although lower oil prices have led to an increase in tourism, not even travel-related employment in the Rockies seems to be approaching expectations.
But if you have the financial holding power, real estate analysts believe rents and property values will increase over time, making real estate an attractive long-term investment.
''If this pattern of development continues,'' they said, ''the standard of living of a growing proportion of the American work force will be significantly jeopardized.''
Mr. Bhutto was overthrown in 1977 by General Zia, his army commander, and was executed after a military trial in 1979 on a disputed murder-conspiracy charge.
aided Honduran forces that the agency knew to be responsible for the slaying of people they had detained for political reasons from 1981 to 1984, according to two American officers and a Honduran military officer.
''We believe this is a significant step forward,'' said Larry Speakes, the White House spokesman.
There is concern as well about the future of the ''open door'' policy after Deng Xiaoping, the 81-year-old head of the Communist Party, passes from the scene.
You have to get 'discovered' four or five times before it really sinks in.''
''I want to continue the work of my brother, the work of my boyfriend and also the work of my mother,'' she said.
Ray Floyd said he thought O'Grady was wrong in making personal attacks upon the commissioner, but added, ''You can't take money out of a man's purse.''
Travelers in search of the exotic always have had various ways of recording the places they visited.
In any event, Mr. Bowsher said, the Federal Government made a legal commitment to pay $51.7 million of the interest this year, and ''the amount of this Federal subsidy'' is not affected.
The seating-plan guide to New York theaters and sports stadiums has just been updated and it should be at newsstands and bookstores for $6.95.
Does that mean that precludes unilateral American military action in the event of a terrorist attack?
He is survived by his wife, Marguerite; a daughter, Nancy Schaefer; three sons, Walter V. Schaefer Jr., James M. Goff and V. Barlow Goff; six grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
The measure also includes 29 projects for New York.
The delays usually ranged between 15 and 30 minutes.
When a reporter asked what a typical salesman earns, Mr. Dalton said ''after a year or two'' at Murphy, the average was ''$25,000 or $30,000.''
It had taken the Mexican revolution 55 years to produce its first satire.
They are festive, they twinkle like little lights, and they look great tied on any present.
The Economy The top-ranking staff official of the Federal Reserve is leaving to join a Japanese securities firm's American office.
Such compasses will be on sale at the camp.
It is dirty, callous, noisy, ostentatious, dishonest and vulgar.
As a long-time member of the House Public Works Committee, he has been a strong supporter of pork barrel projects.
''I'm going to stand firm against all amendments,'' Senator Packwood told a group of business and citizens' organizations that is attempting to rally support for the bill.
One dispute concerned an obscene telephone call that she says was made by the son of a contributor.
This will help dissuade arbitrators and others from a perception that some clubs are extremely wealthy and can afford salaries that are not justifed by a player's worth.''
But cutting subway service will delay or, worse, possibly prevent that from happening.
There are some attractions, but, frankly, most of them did not appeal to me.
The owners' pursuit of free agents changed dramatically one year later.
Many of the cancers can be treated in doctors' offices, although their removal is often expensive.
Allen Sinai chief economist, Shearson Lehman Brothers
''How are we going to maintain our homes?
Campaign officials asserted that commission actions were ''being undertaken as part of an overall plan to harass and intimidate persons associated with Mr.
Last season Berry watched his former teammate, Chris Mullin, fight through box-and-one defenses, which he called ''prison.''
Leslie Thorne, an official of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said the American heavy water was now stored, unused, at yet another Israeli research reactor known as Soreq, where it is inspected by the international authorities each year.
The harbor was alive all day with a panorama of graceful tall ships and warships moving to and fro amid hordes of small, bobbing boats.
One run crossed when Strawberry lifted a sacrifice fly to left.
He said that ''I feel optimistic from what I've seen that while this man may be pretty crazy, he's also crazy like a fox, and he will do what he needs to do to keep himself in power.''
At Yale, October is recruiting season, and for three weeks, the students' attention shifts from the Sterling Law Building to the Park Plaza Hotel a few blocks away, where interviewers from 400 law firms, plus a few dozen government agencies, public interest groups and corporate legal departments, await.
The fictional sketches, written by Oliver Storz and directed by Eberhard Itzenplitz, feature some impressive German actors, including Armin Mueller-Stahl and Gottfried John.
''This is what I used when I traveled the country with Germaine Monteil last fall and saw over 3,000 women over 40.''
Whether you are working in film or television, you can no longer hope to recoup your costs in Australia alone, unless you have a huge hit like 'Crocodile Dundee.'
New York is but one of only five states in the country that requires any local contribution to Medicaid costs.
My elbow flared up and I had to take two weeks off.
Sometimes, if you want to acquire a book or develop a book, they'll say 'no' for their own good reasons.
The cavernous department store off J.E.B.
The firms have accused the company's management of violating a court ruling requiring it to consider their offer and provide them with financial information.
Still, the masculine presence is increasing: In the last five years, the proportion of male secretaries has nearly doubled from 0.87 percent.
Mr. Miller said the President himself had instructed him to prepare the budget by Jan. 5.
A sense of decay still hovers over much of Macao.
The idea is to break them up, move them further from the city and the job market in order to destroy the intense community spirit the Government considers dangerous.
''It says nothing about the exercise of public power by private persons.''
Mr. Koch said those states ''have given her land, acreage where lepers actually build their own homes and have an environment where they could work.''
She's no dummy out there, she knows what she's doing.
Second, the company disputes estimates by some city officials that the Pan Am Building - if it were considered part of the terminal lot - would be overbuilt by more than 500,000 square feet under current zoning law.
The proposed measure requires a ''significant probability'' that a merger would be harmful before it can be stopped.
It reads: We are trying to get enough dogs and cats to get the vet out here.
But today, Clark, a rookie first baseman, lined a 1-0 pitch into the right-field corner for his 27th double of the season.
And over the past year or so, that sustained improvement has finally persuaded long-term lenders that they can begin to whittle down the inflation premium they build into the price they charge for money.
Perhaps I should never expect true understanding outside my own realm.
Moscow issued no official reaction today to a declaration by the Minister of Defense and the deputy chief of staff of the armed forces that they would not recognize Mr. Marcos as the victor in the election Feb. 7.
Monuments erected by Southern whites, for example, suggest that most blacks during the war rendered faithful service to a cause committed to their perpetual enslavement.
The tax revision bill the Senate took up last week originated in the House, but the measure served up by the Senate Finance Committee was a top-to-bottom rewrite.
Dinosaur skeletons, birds, shoes - everything assumes a comic, sprightly air.
''I thought we would be inundated in a backlog - that rather than making inroads, we would find it increasing by leaps and bounds,'' he said.
Yields on certificates of deposit, bank money market accounts and money market mutual funds were down slightly for the week ended yesterday.
Ralph Montagu bought 37 of them at a single sale.
Judge Namm refused and his decision was upheld this month by the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court.
''It isn't funny, you know,'' he admonished me somberly.
Mr. Allen's film also won the award for best original screenplay at the event, sponsored by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
Player started his Senior Open comeback in the third round Saturday after being tied for 18th spot, six shots behind Douglass after two rounds.
Strong tremors continued throughout the afternoon, sending inhabitants of the capital into the streets, where they remained tonight, sleeping in makeshift shelters.
The festival, which runs from noon to 9 P.M. on Saturday and Sunday and again the next weekend, offers diversions from an American washtub-and-washboard folk band to the shearing of sheep, along with such crafts as brass weather vanes, handwoven hammocks, sofas woven from willow branches, hand-stained and cured leather briefcases, wood toys, handpainted silk jackets, traditional quilts, enameled porcelain neon masks, grandfather clocks, blown glass and more.
The method of figuring whether you have net short- or long-term losses or gains will remain the same under the new law as under the present statute.
QUEENS Bar Restaurant, 7-92 Onderdonk Ave. (Madison St.).
Its subject is the obsessive gambler who, as one character puts it, suffers an addiction that society ignores with a clean conscience.
Reagan Agrees to Work for It In an interview tonight, Mr. Rodino said Mr. Reagan had given a firm assurance that he was ''committed to a comprehensive immigration reform bill'' and would lobby Congress to pass such a measure.
had dropped the hyphen in spelling the word ''preplanning,'' reluctant permission was given me to ''go with that.''
''Some of the payments, no matter how small, are morale-boosting.
''I think, 'Oh, can I do this on stage?'
Like Largent, Joiner is 5-11.
Now, I'm looking forward to doing a lot of things.
In the little time that he takes away from his work, Mr. Sexton enjoys working on his family's home, an 1860 frame house, going fishing and cooking.
It is a program now frequently described as an experiment that is failing with costly, possibly long-term and wrenching, consequences for the nation's food producers.
''The most profitable products are at the high end of the business,'' he said, referring to the mainframes, ''and the transition to the Sierra, coupled with a tough economy, hurt them.''
'Quite Encouraging' Mr. Dederick noted that economists will have a much better sense of how solid the orders gains are when the Commerce Department releases its full report on September factory orders at the end of this month.
Yet, the Mets have not won a pennant in 13 years and they spent five years in last place in a seven-year span that ended only two seasons ago.
Perhaps the most impressive single new collection was Mr. Spectre's, of art deco inspiratio.
He described the proposal as a ''bold new step toward ridding the European continent of nuclear arms in general.''
It is evident on the court, where, in the past, McEnroe always appeared be one step ahead of his opponent.
* Two yachts, the Khalidia and the newer Nabila, 285 feet long and five stories high, with a helicopter on the top deck and Impressionist paintings in the salon.
''All they have to do is find a specimen, and it has no competition.''
Rivaling the black and red plaid suit was a red style with narrow red lines dividing it into large squares.
So maybe, like the cold, the fat would also go away after a few more months, and then I could again take a walk without the sensation of carrying heavy luggage.
However, by the time they get to the play within the play, they are in clown regalia, as amateurs obsessed with their individual claim to a spotlight.
I got one chance to start in the last two weeks and hit a three-run dinger.
Mr. Sirmons said negotiations would not resume for several weeks.
''I told him I'm not going to joke like that,'' Breland said.
The system that processes hundreds of millions of payments each year to Government workers, Social Security recipients and contractors, Mr. Barnard said, is ''dangerously vulnerable to fraud and abuse.''
They complained to him of having been forced to beg and they showed him scars.
The languages and tour dates are as follows: Spanish (next Thursday, July 22 and 31 and Aug. 12 and 21); German (Tuesday, July 17 and Aug. 7, 19 and 28), and French (July 15 and 24 and Aug. 5, 14 and 26).
Because of the executive committee's backing, approval seems assured.
Imprecise Pinpoints Mr. Pelton has been described in testimony as a man with an extraordinary memory for technical details, but no one other than the Soviet agents to whom he allegedly talked or Mr. Pelton himself can say how much of the 60-page document, written in 1978, he was able to recall in meetings that allegedly took place one and two years later.
Maybe It Won't Be First But Michigan party leaders have begun to hedge on their plan to go first, though they deny that Mr. Robertson is a reason.
Then, in the sixth, the magic began to appear.
John Paul has at times called for an ''internationalized'' solution to the status of Jerusalem, and in discussing the Middle East he has emphasized his belief that every people deserves a homeland.
The royal portraits of King Karl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia were released in coil form.
''And again their addresses have been longer, wordier, and delivered with more dramatic inflections, better-placed pauses and more body English than I could ever muster on a rostrum,'' she said.
Opposition to Executive Order ''An awful lot of things have been happening by executive order that should not be,'' Mr. Vallone said, adding that he was prepared to use the antismoking proposal as an opportunity to challenge the Mayor's use of such orders.
Yes, would answer those who, in antiquity, during the Renaissance and in the 19th century conceived of the state as an organic entity, as a Leviathan or Behemoth endowed with an integral vitality and logic.
This is a stately affair, which musters, in all, nine human beings, large and small, some dead game birds, a harp and a dog.
Jesse Meyers, publisher of The Beverage Digest, said in a telephone interview, ''I think the next purchases by Coke will probably be the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Detroit, the Mid-Atlantic Coca-Cola Bottling Company and Coke New York, of which Coca-Cola already owns 32 percent.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
In France, the Socialists came to power, nationalized the banks and put the controlled economy through a wringer.
If the call was for my parents, we would hear a foreign bleep-bleep, which meant we had to hook up the TTY, a teletype-telephone device with a coupler for the receiver that translated the bleeps into typed-out messages.
But these are not normal times, and Mr. McLaughlin said he was not prepared ''to commit, irrevocably, 10 or more additional years to the presidency.''
GARDENER'S EDEN, A GARDEN CATALOGUE FROM WILLIAMS-SONOMA; P.O.
Less than a week ago, a Hartford court agreed to drop the charges against Mr. Fox in two years if he is not convicted of a crime in that time.
Typical of the trading day was the dollar's performance against the Japanese yen.
will pay off $40 million in loans to the bank extended by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Mo., and, in exchange for a $90 million cash infusion, it will receive warrants to purchase up to 55 percent of the stock in the bank's parent holding company at a nominal price of less than 1 cent a share.
We're conscious of occupying a special niche -to make films of proven worth with real talent at low budgets.''
The President was spending the weekend in Washington.
For more information about the concert, at 8:15 P.M. Friday at the First Congregational Church of Chappaqua, call 769-1559 (days) or 941-1317 (evenings).
Three years ago, Applied Biosystems introduced the first reliable automated DNA synthesizer, an instrument that made artificial strands of DNA.
Public awareness of the dimension of the addiction problem now at last appears to be growing.
Franca Rame, his wife, will also perform solo in ''Tutta Casa, Letto e Chiesa'' (''It's All House, Bed and Church''), a feminist sendup of the seriocomic situations in which modern women find themselves.
Denied places in mainstream organizations, they formed their own medical schools with women as teachers, their own clinics and hospitals, their own medical societies.
These payments will be made in three yearly installments of $@00,000, with the balance due a year later.
Can these be the same patriots who daily search my drawers (without permission) for a new sweater or a pair of earrings?
All bottles are to be banned on the entire waterfront over the weekend, and officials are urging visitors to use mass transit.
Among the key tools of Business 101 at Emerson are the planning conferences that Mr. Knight and other senior managers hold annually with each of the 60 division heads.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the management group gave no reason for the sale of the shares.
Referring to the naming of Mr. Chirac as Prime Minister, Mr. Jospin said, ''Francois Mitterrand did his duty and has respected the will of the French people.''
The food, to be sure, does not dazzle, but it is ingenuous, tasty and cheap.
Youths under 21, who are increasingly radical, constitute over half of the population of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
'No One Else Qualified' Manuel Valencia, a spokesman for Datacom, a Teaneck, N.J., subsidiary of the Lockheed Corporation, said Datacom had repeatedly won its portion of the contract - to collect on tickets from out-of-state scofflaws - because ''there is no one else qualified.''
Meanwhile, an engineer was fixing the problem downstairs.
He seemed able to take risks, as in late 1960 when he went to Moscow to clear the way for Finland to become an associate member of the European Free Trade Association, he took off his shoe during a luncheon and, imitating Mr. Khrushchev's United Nations etiquette, pounded the table to attract the Soviet leader's attention.
products with specialized publishing components, so that we can provide our customers with the tools they need to improve the quality and economy of their published materials,'' Paul T. Winn, a vice president of I.B.M.
Yesterday he even asked the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is trying to elicit information from his Administration, to tell him what happened.
The Rangers also sent Terry Carkner, a defenseman who was their first-round draft pick of 1984, back to New Haven.
- Ms. Wilson delivers songs that keep zig-zagging in odd directions.
2, had no shadow roll.
In pursuit of cross-cultural parallels, his work intentionally strikes anachronistic notes, as in ''Restoration,'' a musical that he wrote in collaboration with the composer Nick Bicat.
Closely read, Goya's effusions about Art, Love and Life are perhaps no more naive than Tosca's ''Vissi d'arte.''
Founded as a humble inn serving fresh milk from cows grazing its grounds in the Champs-Elysees, leased by the caterer Antoine-Nicolas Doyen in 1792, and by its present proprietor, Gilbert Lejeune, in 1962, the restaurant was known at one point as the Cafe de la Surprise.
As medical experts later discovered, the immediate cause of death was a rupture in the body's main artery, the aorta.
In the Soviet Union, party membership is part of the public record.
Special sales can bring the cost to about $300 for smaller units, while sectional groupings or custom coverings can cost as much as $5,500.
Appellate Court Division This contention was the basis for a decision by a sharply divided Federal appellate court earlier this year allowing a group of former internees to proceed with part of a suit they had filed in 1983, seeking billions of dollars in damages on behalf of all those detained and their descendants.
''It turns out that a lot of those women who thought they were delaying marriage subsequently find out that their marriageability declines,'' he added.
ROSES, straw skimmers, balloons, ticker tape and other paper goods came flying out of the stands last night as the Rangers left a few more decibels and memories in the apparently obsolescent eaves of the fourth Madison Square Garden.
In her native Puerto Rico, she points out, they do not make wine.
But estimates for 1987 have been reduced - to $3.70, from $4.50, in the case of Alcoa, and to $4, from $6.15, for Reynolds.
AFG Partners withdrew its $1.51 billion bid to acquire Lear Siegler but remains interested in acquiring the company.
''It certainly keeps the bench awake because everybody has to concentrate so hard.
It invited lawyers (for a salary of $31,169), associate fraud investigators ($29,255), associate tax auditors ($26,314) computer associates ($24,070) and office associates ($17,097) to join the Finance Department's ''Underground Economy Unit.''
When I went to school in the 1930's and 40's, there was no mention of Rosh ha-Shanah and Yom Kippur on any public school calendar.
The relief pitcher has one year at $700,000 remaining on his contract.
It was also the first time American actors had had the chance to work with Yuri Lyubimov, the celebrated Russian avant-garde theater director now in exile from the Soviet Union.
The Cleveland-based company, which is 55.5 percent owned by British Petroleum, said that operating income from its petroleum business fell 38.3 percent, to $474 million.
''I tried to create the world of Mudville and its culture, and to show what's at stake for Casey - why it means so much for him to come through.
Lessons of Reykjavik Reflecting on this, we again and again turn back to Reykjavik to its lessons and the truth about it.
Dr. Wurtman said the typical patient in his group was a woman between ages 20 and 40 with no prior history of neurologic problems.
They noted, by way of example, a passage from the brief: ''When these issues are taken into consideration, the chain reaction resulting from the hearing officer's erroneous finding is immense.''
Robert Graham of Florida (the Everglades), Tom Daschle of South Dakota (farm conservation), Ken Conrad of North Dakota (an originator of ''Earth Day''), Wyche Fowler of Georgia (forest and wilderness protection) and Barbara Mikulski of Maryland (Chesapeake Bay).
Weakness in 1987 Seen ''This strength will last through the end of the year, but next year overall construction spending will clearly be weaker,'' said David Wyss, an economist with Data Resources Inc. of Lexington, Mass.
A black wood walking stick, $55, has as its handle a white plastic fist grasping a cigarette holder, below.
''There were a lot of intermediate steps she could have taken,'' Ms. Marks said, ''hot lines, church lines, school officials.
Mr. Johri had done a stint of reserve duty nearby.
In law school at Harvard, Peter G. Pfendler had a good job in his final year: pilot for Eastern Air Lines flying 727's out of Boston's Logan International Airport.
But delegates seeking a break from work can now rest in something else: Oman has donated a new lounge to the United Nations.
''It is a sign of Mr. Kidder's talent as a writer that we feel a great surge of emotion as Jonathan and Judith Souweine and their children walk into their new house for the first time.''
Wen Xinguang, one of the engineers now being trained for the Westinghouse project, will go to England for additional training before going back to China.
Hershey was hurt by a sharp rise in cocoa prices in the last few days.
''To me, that's unusual,'' said Lieut.
The Crowns received some $10 million last year in dividends, and General Dynamics paid $9.9 million more to family-owned businesses in rents and purchases of products and services.
But beyond that, as the history of competing sports leagues shows, the weaker league fades into extinction if a merger does not occur.
Peace Now also used to be able to count on pressure from Washington.
Narrow boards that were removed when the original wide floorboards were restored were re-used on the kitchen counter tops.
And in a letter sent to the organizers of the International Day of Freedom and Human Rights in Paris, Mr. Havel apologized for his absence, explaining, ''At this moment that I write to you, an automobile with four policemen is parked in front of my home.
The flower beds show only a few green sparks, where the swordblade leaves of irises shiver.
First comes the protective layer: a wet suit, or blue jeans, or whatever you want to keep you warm and free of coral scratches.
But he also has won a race, beating the boat that has come to be known here as ''Kiwi Magic.''
''They must have felt,'' said Sen. Gorton, ''that unless they went along with NASA and approved a launch, NASA would find another contractor that gives it answers it liked.''
Buck Williams of the Nets recently said he was tired of being asked about Richardson and other players with a problem.
It's hard to know what attracted either star to ''The Boys in Autumn.''
And thus it was probably inevitable that Roger Smith, the head of General Motors, would tire of the pesky Mr. Perot and bring about a showdown.
If Arthur J. Walker was the one who started the espionage ring, officials said, it could mean that the spy operation did even more damage than is now believed.
Low mortgage rates, for example, now under 10 percent and still falling, spur the building of new homes and related industries.
''Chintz that's too shiny, badly executed trompe l'oeil, dark overstuffed rooms - they're everywhere you look,'' proclaimed one decorator.
The issue here, however, is not another health-related test but rather a test for an illegal substance.
''To open those vaults took a lot of money,'' Miss Porter said.
More likely, it simply gives more evidence that new computer-programmed trading strategies have made the stock market more volatile day to day.
The auditors did praise the Navy's efforts to put into effect a 149-point improvement program begun in 1984 and concluded that the program should reduce the value of ''unreconcilable'' inventories in the fiscal year 1986 to less than $75 million.
JOSEPH J. DIOGUARDI Member of Congress 20th District
The debt ceiling increase, which would accommodate Government borrowing through Sept. 25, is needed to avoid default on interest payments and to avoid delay in paying billions of dollars in benefits under Medicare, retirement and unemployment insurance.
Dining At the Restaurant de la Colombe d'Or, meals are a la carte only.
''I know that the President has us smiling and happy again,'' said Mr. Lear, who has long been identified as a supporter of liberal causes.
If there is a case against the restoration, as a small but active lobby has lately suggested, this is not the place to find it.
No reason for the rejection has to be given.
A rotor arm, with a little adhesive attached to the end, turns the page and then returns automatically to a base position until triggered for the next cycle.
He said the group had been active in running children's programs and other activities in the neighborhood, and had not complained about the damage earlier because it had always had good relations with the local police.
It was a slave state until after Lincoln's death.
Mr. Trump said that he retained many ''specialist'' law firms and that he chose the Blutrich firm because ''they are very capable people.''
Maury County, Tennessee, $55 million of pollution control revenue bonds for General Motors Corp. First Boston Corp. Wyoming Community Development Authority, $54.7 million of single family mortgage refunding bonds.
Charles Ryskamp, director of the Pierpont Morgan Library for 17 years, will be the new director of the Frick Collection, beginning next June.
Those documents will be in due time produced in courts of justice, specifically before the New York court.''
''Hmm, technology,'' the cabdriver said as he stepped on the gas.
The tradition of singing ''Vissi d'arte'' from a prone position began with Maria Jeritza and the first Viennese performance of the opera, shortly before World War I. Puccini himself supervised the production.
Several lawn tasks are important: controlling lawn insects, seeding new lawns or renovating old ones.
'I HAVE a story to tell you,'' says the companionable widower at the outset of ''The Congressman's Daughter'' by Craig Nova.
For this house, a remarkable building of asymmetrically arranged wings of stripped classicism, at once shows us Mies's strong ties to the Germanic classical tradition and points to the future.
''They just tell us what they have in mind and we talk it out,'' he said.
The plight of the homeless has clearly challenged a spirit of compassion and resourcefulness among men like Leonard Stern and communities like Greenpoint/Williamsburg.
Two nations that have not had diplomatic relations for 19 years will soon begin discussions in Helsinki on the opening of consulates.
Mr. Reagan, whose last Senate campaign foray was in April in behalf of Alfonse M. D'Amato of New York, is described as a ''money machine'' by David Narsavage, a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
#2.Raise heat to medium and stir in the greens, a handful at a time, adding new greens as soon as there is room in the pan.
The first reported a proposal to curtail service for four of the seven subway lines that serve the Bronx.
Above that groove, the guitarist Ali Campbell and other band members join in close vocal harmonies, singing modal melodies punctuated by horn-section riffs.
The director, Jeanne DeVito, has made a series of odd choices that serve to obscure rather than illuminate ''Painting Churches.''
Perhaps a thrifty prop shop saved the sand for another grainy day.
Others recall great family rituals of making mango sauce, syrup, jam, chutney or pickles with ginger, mustard, chilies or garlic so hot and spicy they bring tears to the eyes of the hardiest eaters.
The previous record was 15.4 million, set in 1978.
At liftoff the external fuel tank holds 500,000 gallons of liguid hydrogen and liguid oxygen, which when mixed together are very explosive.
In the debate of the 1970's, foes of the agreement argued that it would not restrict the throw-weight, or payload, of Soviet missiles.
''You have to understand that what we have will never cover what people need,'' he said.
* Real estate developers want Senator Bentsen to spare deductions for passive investment losses.
''Anarchy'' is the word that has occurred to him to describe his new environment.
Miss Hepburn is on hand not only as narrator but also as host and tour guide.
Ten and a half acres, I said, four in pasture and the rest in woods and brambles.
b-Includes extraordinary tax benefits of $911,000 for the quarter and $2,070,000 for the year.
I'd give anything to have that on tape.
As Yogi Berra so cogently put it, ''You can observe a lot just by watchin'.''
It was in letters - above all to his brother Theo - that he found his only true outlet.
''We had little time to evaluate the signals from the Americans with regard to Abu Abbas's position,'' Mr. Badini said.
While recent rap concerts at Madison Square Garden have been marred by incidents, the security force inside and outside the arena will be, a Garden spokesman said, ''beefed up a lot'' for the concert.
Mr. McClure, the aviation agency's western regional director, said in a series of interviews from Washington this week that he had no knowledge that Continental had been given the draft report or that it had been tape-recorded.
Although Mr. King did not own the land under the lodge and concedes it was a ''trespass cabin,'' he believes he was a victim of the Park Service's efforts to force people out.
And a latecomer to the partnership, the KG Land Corporation, would have a new and prestigious Manhattan venture in its portfolio.
Certainly no music could be more ardent than the ''Passione'' Symphony or more endearingly clever than the familiar ''Farewell,'' but neither is a vehicle for personal statement.
Inexpensive hotels will be hard to find this summer.
Until the law becomes part of the fabric of daily life and is applied to all Chinese equally, China will never achieve its aspiration of becoming a modern country.
These Rangers, Mike Ridley had said, were a different group from the one that went slipsliding through the regular season.
Suddenly, it seemed that everything had settled back into its normal place in this unpredictable series.
There are some very funny moments - two love scenes involving the mother and father are fine comedy and the birth of the son is hilarious - and some genuinely harrowing ones, especially those involving the cruel teasing of the mad mother by the other characters.
49Jeff Calhoun (1-0, 3.71, 1) Left-hander from Georgia who was Astros' third-round selection in draft of 1980.
He pointed out that no one knows the scope of his personal holdings, adding, ''I have sufficient equity to cover any obligations.''
New York-based Penney said its five-week sales were $1.14 billion, compared with $1.08 billion last year.
Yale had 31 points and Harvard had 29.
All that reading and listening made spectators at the Readathon thirsty.
Meanwhile, new cars were selling at the rate of 46,084 a day during the early part of September, a 36.9 percent gain over the comparable period in 1985.
The result, Dr. Hawke predicts, will be a launcher from which a projectile will emerge at 9.3 miles a second, nearly twice as fast as escape velocity.
The year also includes a loss of $18,595 from discontinued operations.
Mr. Stephenson said he likes to play golf and go bird hunting, but he added, ''My hobby lately has been recapitalization - my wife hasn't seen too much of me.''
The components that moved up, also ranked by their relative contribution, were building permits, stock prices, average workweek, vendor performance, contracts and orders for plant and equipment, money supply and the change in prices of sensitive materials.
The May View Guest House, a small Victorian bed and breakfast establishment, overlooks Jesus Green; double rooms with shared bath cost about $35 (12 Park Parade; 66018).
Potential Forward Position According to senior Israeli Government officials, what is disturbing about the Syrian actions in southern Lebanon is that they come after repeated Israeli requests, conveyed through the United States, to stop.
The contempt charge carries a sentence of up to one year in jail.
''It's the dumbest thing I've ever seen H.H.S.
A native of Saginaw, Mich., he holds a history degree from Yale and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Michigan.
Mr. Reagan plans to return full time to the campaign trail next Tuesday and to keep at it until Election Day.
Cost Conscious and Gold Crest should furnish the most competition.
Controversial Mr. Glass's music may be, yet its rhythmic energy makes it theatrically exciting and its verve almost invites choreography.
I didn't see him throw any.
Bollinger is a fine champagne from a great champagne house.
At Mr. Sleeman's direction, Mr. Mattison would cash the checks and then give the money to Mr. Sleeman, according to court records.
Administration Reading Spurned There was no clear majority opinion on several points today.
In addition, anyone able to save part of these benefits would benefit further by retiring early.
This Tokyo tennis school was a bowling alley when everyone in Japan, it seemed, bowled.
We see hard times and we hear idle fancy, as the daughter, sounding like Scarlett O'Hara, tells us about life on the old plantation.
''Our job is to get the right balance.''
c-Includes losses of $116,000 and $150,000 from discontinued operations for quarter and year, respectively.
If New York is a difficult city for young couples tending dreams, then it is only more trying for people like Mr. Tate and Mrs. Sookbirsingh, who though young, have seen the neighborhood around them evolve from a working-class enclave to a young professional's haven.
But as office towers sprout along Third Avenue, Mrs. Brown said, ''transportation to the area is inadequate.''
''We don't feel there was anything improper about that trip,'' said a spokesman for Hamilton, Mark Sullivan.
Then, in the state meet of champions, he raced against the champions in the other high school divisions and won the 400-meter hurdles.
''It was a very narrow decision, a cautious one at the very early stages in what will obviously be a long and very complex case,'' he said.
In such comments, General Ramos appears to have been addressing a group of colonels known as the Reform the Armed Forces Movement who are close to Mr. Enrile.
They live off $20,000 in pensions, $14,000 in Social Security benefits, $7,000 in interest income and $3,000 in dividends.
To flesh out the details, industry by industry, The New York Times asked its own specialists to look ahead for 1986.
General fall and winter information is available from the Greater New Orleans Tourist and Convention Commission (1520 Sugar Bowl Drive, New Orleans, La.
They have in mind movies like ''Rocky IV,'' in which Sylvester Stallone, the prizefight champion, travels to the Soviet Union to battle a huge, merciless boxing machine named Ivan Drago.
I joined the myopic masses peering closely at the works, trying to see clearly.
Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, has said that while he remains in favor of carrying out a pledge to meet with President Reagan this year in the United States, there was no point in such a second summit meeting unless it would produce positive results in arms control.
''I'm not interested in politics,'' he said.
The judge said the Air-India disaster should compel airlines to stop the transfer of bags from one airline to another if passengers did not have confirmed onward booking.
Busy Benefit Nov. 24 - From 6 P.M. to 2 A.M., there will be jazz, comedy, magic, jugglers, mimes, clowns, dancing, singing, a buffet and cash bar at the Palladium, 126 East 14th Street.
It is nearly impossible to find a hotel room during the festival.
Six days later, an underground organization released a videotape showing a man hanging from a gallows and said he was a British kidnapping victim, Alec Collett.
''For this reason, career testing is imperative.
John Pfister, the company's vice president for market research, said Friday that dollar volume for nonresidential construction in the United States would inch up less than half a percentage point to $71.7 billion in 1986, from $71.4 billion in 1985.
This place used to be called Fletcher, and it was so laden with debt from failed water deals that its neighbor Denver could easily have annexed it.
''It's not champagne,'' an equipment man said, slipping Ken O'Brien a can of Coca-Cola, ''but that's coming.''
Mr. Binah said the Israeli has worked in a low-level position on the technical staff of an Israeli mission for the last year.
It apparently began as a shouting match between New York Mets and Boston Red Sox fans gathered at the school's Southwest Residential complex, a group of dormitories, to watch the game.
It is eminently worth publishing.
Mr. Scripps was commander of the destroyer escort U.S.S.
She went to England and practiced on the courts.
Yet it's immediately apparent that we are not seeing Penn and Teller, but characters who share the names of the performers.
But then, in the heat of the long and complex fifth and final movement, Miss Dori broke her E string.
well, you know what Julius Caesar said about the sting of the adder's tooth: ''I'm too old to cry and it hurts too much to laugh.''
''You try to beat around the bush first and see if a person is willing to talk,'' said Mr. Umaranikar.
With the season now half completed, the Giants, Redskins and Dallas Cowboys have records of 6-2.
Mr. Bloedorn, who is 38 years old, works as a computer technician.
Hundreds of thousands of civilians have fled into the cities and towns seeking food and shelter but are now beginning to trickle out, trying to find edible roots and berries in the countryside and leaving behind the sick and the elderly to die.
put demands on software that are just absurd in terms of the state of our knowledge.''
''But there is a deterioration of events from the very beginning.''
The remnants of the crew compartment itself, which are in a different hangar, were not included on the tour.
By the time she died in 1932 she had helped to popularize the carefully casual English garden, where natural colors and shapes blend in a seemingly wild, but actually controlled planting.
He will spend almost a week in Moscow.
But a few weeks ago, local police and immigration officials went to the apartment Mr. Uribe shared with several Colombian friends.
Foundation Inc., 185 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10016.
The two board members who represent the Roosevelt Island Residents Association voted against the project.
And he provides not a cent to expand existing crop eradication and substitution programs overseas.
BADILLO: We're talking about the incentives to invest in tax shelters, the incentives to invest in capital gains, to have a simplified form where we reduce taxes so people don't have to go through all sorts of obfuscations in order to file their state tax returns.
In addition, New York's six leading power hitters - Mike Pagliarulo, Don Mattingly, Rickey Henderson, Dave Winfield, Dan Pasqua and Mike Easler - hit only 22 of their 111 home runs off left-handers.
Lebanese arriving here from southern Lebanon reported that Israeli troops rounded up 200 people today during their search operation.
Texas Air wants to pay less for People Express, saying People's weakening financial position makes it worth less than the $125 million agreed upon.
In Mr. Woodward's view, the argument over continuity splits the profession of Southern history in two.
As a result, the Government sharply restricted the amount of foreign exchange that foreign companies could remit in the form of profits and dividends.
A sniper shot and seriously wounded a British soldier on duty at a Catholic march in Londonderry.
He was gone two years, reappeared three months ago.
''I know Chase wants to serve.''
I wouldn't run the printer without it.
When we arrived at the bank a short time later I drove into the line of cars headed for the Drive-In Windows and got into the Automatic Teller Lane.
''I keep thinking I don't need to do it,'' said Mrs. Poole, who is a real estate broker with M. J. Raynes Inc. ''There's no reason why it can't wait until tomorrow.''
Search for a Middle Ground Like Mr. Hart, most of the party's Presidential hopefuls oppose Mr. Reagan's policy toward Nicaragua, as do, according to opinion polls, a majority of the American people.
Keep the begonias in bright shade where they get morning or afternoon sun, but never direct sun.
And then - the world champion?
Bachrach was the favorite of 17 percent; King drew 13.
His mother is an author of books for young adults.
By contrast, Mr. Bergin's troops are ready to help anywhere within McCann.
From now until June, seniors will be sequestered in their rooms practicing their skills over and over.
''This may be one small boom in the desert, but it's a big bomb for arms control,'' Mr. Markey said.
The police have yet to determine who stole the paintings, according to a detective at the scene who requested anonymity.
Coins, crosses, jewelery and other metal artifacts together with textiles make up the rest of the show, but memorable though many of them are, none make the impact of the architecture photographed in Syria and Lebanon during the early 1900's by Howard Crosby Butler, the founder of Princeton's architectural school.
The guerrillas seek an independent state for Tamils in the northern and eastern part of Sri Lanka, an island nation off southern India dominated by the Sinhalese, the majority ethnic group.
Surely it is less equipped to take joy in true excellence, more likely to be impressed by extramusical glitz, talk-show appeal or picturesque mishaps.
Aviem Sella Aviem Sella was a colonel in the Israeli Air Force when he purportedly became involved with Mr. Pollard in 1984.
In the new, small lineup Chipman devised after the loss to West Virgina, Gore is starting at small forward and was averaging 15.3 points and 3.4 rebounds before last night's game..
With his lifelong friends, Pierre Bonnard and K. X. Roussel, he brings something of real substance to the history of French painting between the wars.
Far from the spires of Manhattan, off a Staten Island country road well traveled by horseback riders, New York City's most futuristic office development was dedicated last week.
In the other triptychs as well, each part is distinct.
Measure of Effectiveness A committee member, Francesca Farmer, director of Operation Crossroads Africa, agrees in part with this criticism.
In 1984, he bought the four-building package for $1 million, without seller financing.
Fear of Legal Action Mrs. Bean said the committee also believed employers were reluctant to provide bad references, even when criminal acts might have occurred, out of fear of legal action taken by past employees.
In fact, getting to Siberia is easier.
Jordan said in a statement there were 30 survivors.
''A solution to this crisis can only be achieved through a peaceful transition to a new government,'' the White House spokesman, Larry Speakes, said in a statement shortly after a telephone call at 5 A.M. between Mr. Reagan and his ranking advisers.
Remove with a slotted spoon; drain until cool on absorbent paper.
''How would the U.S. feel if the Swiss told us how large a staff we could have at the Geneva arms talks?''
The Generals paid them $35 a game.
What really helps in organizing a hard disk's contents - as best as can be done, given the inherent limitations of DOS and computer technology itself - is a directory management program.
A graduate of Auburn University, where he received a degree in agricultural economics, Mr. Coan trades for himself and a few selected commercial clients.
While the total floor space allotted to classical at both stores has remained the same, the rapidly growing space for compact disks is coming out of the space for LP's.
Mrs. Friedman was named an assistant principal at J.H.S.
2 IACOCCA: An Autobiography, by Lee Iacocca 2 72 with William Novak.
The blast came off the reliever Rich Yett, who had replaced Scott Bailes (4-4).
Yet while Mr. Reagan now calls it mere ''insurance,'' the Russians fear that S.D.I., once deployed, might be perceived by the United States as an efficient safety net against retaliation, thereby giving us greater first strike capability.
For one thing, most school improvement efforts, and the series of national reports that lay behind them, have focussed on high schools.
While the number of sworn or ''made'' members was strictly limited, la Cosa Nostra accepted many others as members and functionaries in all but the ceremonial formality.
Reviews of her current appearance have included such remarks as ''Connor's voice seems to improve each time out, particularly with the darker colors of her lower register,'' and ''she is a more distinctive singer today than she was in the 50's.
Random House gave its agency, Geer Dubois, a $1 million budget to celebrate the 30th birthday of Dr. Seuss's renowned children's book ''The Cat in the Hat'' next year.
Berry did not say he would resign, as he had hinted recently, but he also did not commit himself to returning for next season.
'Extremely Old' ''It is true that as bull markets age, they become more selective,'' said Henry Gailliot, senior vice president of the Federated Research Corporation.
Fire Department officials rely on advance planning to smooth over such difficulties inside this multilayered, international bureaucracy.
For those individuals not covered under Federal programs, the State Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program provides services to the poor, elderly and homeless with nutritional deficiencies.
Mr. Rodil said ''important numbers'' of young Guatemalan lawyers and college graduates would soon begin courses in police investigative techniques in Venezuela, Spain and Mexico.
The music director, David Gilbert, will be on the podium for the Beethoven Second Symphony, Hindemith's ''Symphonic Metamorphosis on Themes by Weber,'' ''Kol Nidrei'' in the Max Bruch setting, and Tchaikovsky's ''Variations on a Rococo Theme,'' the last two works with the young Italian cellist Giovanni Sollima as soloist.
Without the 6-foot-11-inch Dawkins, who suffered a back injury on Nov. 13 when he slipped while showering at home, the Nets are without a bona fide post-up player.
The answer is that different offenses treat him differently, and the Giants respond accordingly.
''George carries a lot of weight at North Carolina and is a big backer there,'' John told a group of beat writers at his Anaheim home this afternoon.
''I've just written President Reagan and the Secretary of State about our refusal to sell modern equipment to Taiwan,'' the Arizona Republican, who is chairman of the Armed Services Committee, told an interviewer in Phoenix.
You could sit in bed and read it for over a week.''
Cover closely with clear plastic wrap and let stand 24 hours in the refrigerator.
Stamina Was Questioned In that fight, Tyson faded badly between the sixth and ninth rounds after dominating the first five rounds.
Mr. Quinones said that on Wednesday the Board of Education would begin teaching its teachers about crack by incorporating a half-hour film on the subject into opening day activities for the teachers.
The court held that a Kentucky judge had erred by barring a murder defendant from introducing testimony about ''the physicial and psychological environment in which the confession was obtained.''
Even some who oppose aid seem to believe there is a possibility that Mr. Reagan might, just might, be right about the domino theory in Central America even though the countries of Southeast Asia did not fall like dominoes after the loss of South Vietnam.
Meanwhile, Merck Inc., a leading pharmaceuticals and chemical company, announced that its net income in the latest three months climbed 25.6 percent.
Governor Kean will campaign at least twice in the district, Mr. Consovoy said, and both he and Mr. Lichtenberger said that arrangements had been completed to have Representative Jack Kemp of New York campaign in the district late next month on behalf of Mr. Sires.
Lee Evans sounded smoother, but Erica Mason's Mascha was faint even beyond normal operetta standards.
''The only thing that could possibly get me out of bed is Amnesty,'' he said by telephone from London.
When the night was over, he credited the fading sunlight, which made it difficult for batters to see the ball.
Public concern about such experiments focuses on whether genetic manipulation could enable microbes to mutate or multiply out of control and cause unforeseen damage.
All qualifiers will play 18 holes today, after which the field will be cut to the low 40 and ties.
The White House called it ''a normal development in the intestinal tract.''
It didn't happen that year, but the idea was not long in arriving.
The most amusing were dangling gold earrings in the shape of Chanel's classic quilted handbag.
''The duel of sex is eternal,'' observes Miss Hagen with a sigh.
There were various reasons for its abandonment, most of them financial.
In the past, the Reagan Administration has supported such bills, including one passsed by the Senate last September and awaiting action in the House, 'Restrictions Are Costly' But the Council of Economic Advisers said in its draft report that ''restrictions on immigration, like restrictions on trade, are costly'' to employers and to the economy as a whole.
A little flexibility is acceptable, however, if the game is for novices who are seeking to improve their understanding of the game.
What Mr. Reich does is set an ensemble of metallophones, pianos, winds, singers and percussion to the evocation of dancing, shimmering, shifting textures.
The first fuel assembly consists of 62 14-foot-long rods of uranium.
Others hanged today were Benson Dube and Swelibanzi Nzima, both sentenced to death in 1983 for killing a black policeman, and Potifa Runokunda, who killed a white couple in 1983.
Fidelity Magellan, incidentally, is the nation's largest equity mutual fund, with a $7.2 billion portfolio managed by Peter Lynch.
James J. Blanchard, the state is preparing to handle the financial planning and, given an investment by parents, to guarantee a child's tuition at one of Michigan's 13 public colleges and universities.
Just under a month ago, Federal law-enforcement officials revealed that they were investigating allegations of a bribe and extortion scheme in the bureau.
A Justice is appointed to a seven-year term and then receives tenure with a second appointment.
An annual report on hunger in New York City has found an increase in the time that applicants for public assistance spend not knowing where their next meal will come from and in the numbers of families begging or asking for food.
To the astonishment of friends, Mr. Connally, a lawyer, did not incorporate his main business so that he could shield his personal wealth from any business problems.
A class horse is different as day and night.
''I don't know,'' he told an interviewer for The A.B.A.
While Christa McAuliffe, the social studies teacher who is to become the first ordinary citizen in space, finishes her training, her hometown of Concord, N.H., is divided and confused over how to celebrate her.
Some date from as early as the 15th century.
There have been times when I have been tempted to suggest abandoning the term historical novel.
Arab newspapers said Egypt was sending supplies by C-130 transport plane.
Before the steak-fry incident, Vinny Testaverde, the Heisman Trophy winner, talked about how the Miami players were being more businesslike before the Fiesta Bowl than they were before the Sugar Bowl against Tennessee last New Year's Day.
In Tokyo, for instance, the stock exchange experienced its steepest one-day plunge ever.
Except at stores that cater to foreigners, there hasn't been a coffee bean in the Soviet capital for more than a month.
We are surprised at first to get any letters at all, a little bit disbelieving that anyone is actually reading what took such a long and mysterious route from our desks to the bookseller's counter.
''If someone is heavily into drugs, it will show up on the job,'' she said.
This partner has feelings of shock, hurt and betrayal, and, being unprepared, may be at a considerable disadvantage.
Anything so large and diverse as the national office market is perhaps more notable for the differences from region to region than the similarities.
Good starters are the beefy chili with hot peppers, sweet-tinged corn chowder, and hot-smoked sweet pork sausage with roasted red peppers.
Although he does not hold a baccalaureat degree, he has a brilliant questing scientific mind, the processes of which (tempered by his desire to nourish) are evident in his startlingly original food.
They said today that by having the Housing Development Corporation issue the bonds, the risk would be shifted to the city.
Some of the material was in his recent stage show - some of that edited - and some is from earlier shows.
Mr. Haines laughed appreciatively but demurred: ''You know, in all modesty, there aren't that many James Joyce readings.''
The reclosable bag, first introduced in 1970, became a smash hit.
It's always hard to make it as a musician.
In other troublesome and controversial areas, e.g., marijuana use and homosexuality, government agencies have administratively devised procedures that observe both the law and changing realities.
Some scattered Israeli units remained on the other side of Israel's northern border, but formally the army was finally out of Lebanon -and Lebanon was effectively out of Israeli political life, at least for now.
''The short game has always been my weakness,'' he said.
That may partly explain why, after CBS boisterously promoted its full coverage of the elections, Stringer did not even ask for a piece of prime time following President Reagan's speech on the arms-to-Iran matter several days later.
Along the way it set its second record in two days.
That proposal also called for a limit on testing of all space elements of ballistic missile defenses except in laboratories.
They were given intravenous bronchial dilators - basically asthma shots - to open up the airways in their lungs.
The blind skydiver is given a signal when to end his free fall and open his parachute.
They hold the wall, but they can also roar out from it.
To the Editor: The disappointment in reading one writer's recollection of another is that the reminiscing writer intrudes himself upon the subject, In ''Pictures of Malamud,'' we learn something about Mr. Roth we may not care to know and miss something essential about Malamud.
''We don't have to be in a case to get our view across,'' Meese says.
Here, for instance, is the father and mother of all notational systems -the celebrated ''Orchesographie,'' published in 1596 by a French priest named Thoinon Arbeau.
And above the instrumental melodies were vocals, some in short phrases like Western lullabies, others recalling the long lines of Arab music.
And who would have thought: Three games, and now, three losses after the Giants beat them, 14-9.
jet flying the same circuit as the flight today was hijacked to Beirut.
He survived to become the assistant principal of a suburban Los Angeles high school.
usually follows the rankings when seeding players for the Open, but would probably want to place McEnroe higher, citing his ranking as an aberration.
His two first-inning homers tied an N.C.A.A.
The Sooners never trailed, grabbing an early lead and building a 51-31 margin at the half.
THESE are lean times in English departments.
Father McNeill said he felt that was unlikely.
Becker was rewarded with a check for $30,000, while Svensson earned $20,000.
His voice was lively now.
''Everybody in Asia is very worried about it,'' said Mr. Lugar, whose trip included stops in Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia.
This is a pungent, aged, raw-milk cheese that needs a robust red wine like Lenz Vineyards Liberty Red, a brash young pinot noir-cabernet sauvignon blend from Long Island, one of more than a dozen American and French wines specially bottled and labeled for the celebration.
Are we by now inured to urban anarchy?
This trend, said officials from these schools, follows a decade that saw rapid change and growth in the field of crafts.
Christopher D'Almada e Castro was born here 76 years ago, a British subject and member of a family that has lived in Hong Kong almost from the day the British colony was founded.
The sacrifice was more than purely physical.
Of the 14,100 inmates at Rikers Island, about 4,200 work, he said.
President Reagan declared today that the United States must be willing to defend its values and its citizens ''unflinchingly'' in the face of terrorism.
Most industry experts agree, however, that the level of travel expenses grew dramatically under Mr. Gray's administration.
The establishment clause will play at least a rhetorical role.
New York: Harper & Row.
For Congress to agree to end so popular a program represents a considerable victory for the Administration.
Mark Bryant, the Big East freshman of the year last season, would be back at center, joining Martin Salley, a budding sophomore power forward, and Andre McCloud, one of the conference's most prolific scorers.
The dollar declined again, influenced by the speculation about a cut in interest rates.
Mr. Cobert said the Bhopal plant, shut down after the disaster, remained closed but was still a part of Union Carbide India Ltd.
A 70-year-old woman died in a hospital here Saturday of injuries suffered May 30 when a tour bus plunged into the Walker River, about 90 miles from here.
This is, clearly, a project of unusual promise.
In terms of the Soviet Union's own interests, tossing this veteran U.S. reporter in jail was undoubtedly the dumbest decision out of Moscow since it shot down the unarmed Korean airliner in September 1983.
Instead, amid a record low turnout, it suffered one of its worst setbacks since it took power in 1955, capturing only 250 of the 511 seats.
Sledge has a habit of talking to and occasionally kissing Gun.
#4 Killed and 35 Wounded Today's shooting raised to 35 the number of United Nations soldiers wounded in the last month.
Each section has its own movement theme and the repetitive motif is applied to phrases and patterns that become more complex by the end.
Federal District Judge John Manos today refused a request by the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio for a temporary restraining order.
On a visit to Moscow in October, Colonel Qaddafi agreed to ship Libyan oil to Soviet customers in Europe in exchange for arms shipments to Libya from Moscow.
Both officials denied that the activities of their law firms in any way influenced their decisions as legislators.
''The first thing I saw was a big circle of fire,'' Mohammad Ali, a playwright, said of the blast that heavily damaged his house.
The Swedish police said this week that they were making progress in the investigation of the murder of Prime Minister Olof Palme and hoped to see arrests in the next few months.
At first, it hurt that I wasn't there when we were winning.
Cotton futures were off sharply on the Cotton Exchange in New York.
He graduated from Bard College and received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Pratt Institute.
So far, the competition has been subdued and Mr. Farrell, the Manhattan leader, said that the Miller forces do not want to raise the possibility of retaliation against supporters of other candidates.
while working as a banker, he writes: ''Before the overmastering complexity of events, I had remained indecisive.
Combined with the persistent tape hiss and a program-credit for the source of the tape, this destroyed any illusion that there might be live musicians hidden backstage.
The committee is attempting to cut $20 billion from next year's military budget request.
Michele Hendricks got her training singing in the family group led by her father, Jon Hendricks, which also included her stepmother.
It is titled ''The Distaff Side of Chinese Art.''
Lea Pienamiki, who lives in Cos Cob, Conn., was in Manhattan with her friend Ari Haikonen from Finland.
---- Stephan's Odyssey Destroyed Last year's Dwyer winner, Stephan's Odyssey, was destroyed Friday morning after losing a seven-month battle trying to recover from shattered sesamoids in his left foreleg.
A la Cote St.-Jacques, which received its first Michelin star in 1971 and its second in 1976, underwent extensive reconstruction last fall when the Lorains redecorated the dining room and added a swimming pool and several luxury hotel rooms and suites.
In Ossining, the historic 1760 farmhouse with wide porches that Sam and Helen Puner have lived in since 1944 did not seem too large for them even after their three children moved out.
There are many useful points made in this impassioned polemic.
Mr. O'Rourke and Anthony J Colavita, the state and Westchester Republican chairman, turned to Mrs. Pirro, someone they knew, although she was familiar to few politicians outside Westchester.
To understand his theories, I underwent psychoanalytical training myself and graduated from the Western New England Institute for Psychoanalysis.''
It was the same rank he held at Wells, Rich, Greene.
The Pentagon said today that it had decided to proceed with the development of a ''tilt-rotor'' aircraft at a total cost exceeding $20 billion.
Transforming the Schools ''Instead of treating schools as factories, treat teachers as professionals and give them the right to transform the schools,'' Mr. Shanker said.
'LOOK AROUND' It's not your run-of-the-mill art installation, and it's subtle to the point of virtual invisibility, but the 80 bronze works by Kate Ericson and Mel Ziegler are actually hard at work hoeing and raking and shoveling in Central Park.
The diplomats say they believe that Mr. Anderson, 38 years old, is next in line for freedom.
Maintaining the position he has held throughout his Presidency, Mr. Reagan said a tax increase ''would set back the economy and could even trigger possibly a slump in the economy.''
's, but that's not really true,'' said Peter I. Elinsky, Washington tax partner of Peat Marwick, the certified public accounting firm.
''The Soviets owe the world an explanation; a full accounting of what happened at Chernobyl and what is happening now is the least the world community has a right to expect.''
He said it was already crowded with competitors and flooded with goods.
However, it may be significant that, while laughlessly watching it, I was most struck by the somber look of the film.
One lifetime resident, Steve Winship, 65 years old, said people had castigated Concord for its lack of cultural activities and entertainment periodically since he was a teen-ager.
In order for trees to bear, you must plant two varieties of pears which cross-pollinate.
to exercise control with greater efficiency and less stress.
William Lynn, vice president, corporate media director, of the Coca-Cola Company, was chairman of the event.
When a hip agnostic says, ''I'm not into the God thing,'' he uses thing as a device to distance himself from the word that signifies the thing.
The known quantities are promising (Maria Spacagna, the Mimi, has a fragile Italianate warmth of voice and temperament; David Hamilton is a dapper and firm-voiced young baritone who should be a fine Schaunard), and the unknown quantity is of interest.
Baby Boom's Baby Boom Now, with the baby-boom generation raising its own baby boom, the schoolbook business is suddenly looking much more alluring.
The 6-7 Vincent, who played for the Mavericks five years, averaged 13.8 points as a reserve last season.
''I needed a new challenge,'' Ms. Dunn said, ''and thought about trying a triathlon.''
''He called me and said: 'What if nobody comes?
William A. Schreyer, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Merrill Lynch & Company, was best man.
* Permission for cooperatives that borrowed money at high interest from the Rural Electrification Administration to pay off the loans early.
'Tis the star-spangled banner, oh, long may it wave O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave.
''I'll get whoever wrote that to build the next one,'' he said.
The head of the analytical chemistry department at the station, Lester Hankin, said that the use of all pesticides declined some degree in 1985 and that the only compounds that showed even slight increases were weedkillers.
The statement occupied just a few seconds of a 30-minute television program, but it has been seized upon and cited repeatedly by Governor Cuomo and other foes of the Shoreham nuclear power plant as confirmation straight from the White House that the Long Island project should not be opened.
''But most people here feel, ''Go gore someone else's ox.'
But right now, he is all over the place trying to reconcile old art with new and somewhat humorlessly encompassing subjects ranging from slums and minorities to World War I, Egypt, Rome and Byzantium.
On Tuesday, these same sources had reported that most of these companies had suspended exports of their entitled allotment of Libyan oil.
(Unlined copper pans are used only for beating egg whites and such custard sauces as zabaglione.)
HNG/Internorth Inc. said yesterday that Willis A. Strauss, 63 years old, had retired as chairman and board member, effective immediately.
A3 185 miles of the Rhine suffered serious ecological damage from the accidental release of toxic chemicals.
Vigilance on People and Food Security was extremely tight everywhere, with helicopters scanning the roads traversed by Mr. Gorbachev's motorcades.
However, in Italy the same bicycles cost substantially less (about two-thirds the American price).
''But I'd hate not to have a job of some kind.
Lincoln Center also unveiled a marble plaque in its downstairs lobby yesterday on which the names of Avery Fisher Prize winners are - and are to be - inscribed.
A free throw by Miss Mason tied the score at 39-all with 17 minutes to play.
House members like the idea of restricting tax shelters, but they wonder about doing it retroactively.
Mr. Buckley, a former Embassy political officer, was seized March 16, 1984.
Many child-care workers and advocates say the city's bureaucracy is discouraging potential foster parents.
The kenerderli, or little dumplings, for instance, are the local equivalent of Knodel, and the two most popular coffee houses, the Embassy and Lovat, have pastries with names like Dobos and Sacher, as well as the ubiquitous Krapfen, or doughnut, which you should eat at 5 o'clock in the evening when they are fresh from the oven.
Built in 1905 by a local contractor who specialized in barns, the building had a traditional layout, with four downstairs rooms - a library, living room, dining room and kitchen - arranged symmetrically off a large central staircase hall.
The extension came after People Express failed to get 85 percent of debenture holders to accept an offer to exchange their holdings for new securities with lower interest rates.
Then the proposal is forwarded to the City Planning Commission, which also has 60 days.
Despite the gloomy near-term prospects, those interviewed said exploration activity would begin to rebound in 1987 in anticipation of higher oil prices, adding that companies that are financially strong should take advantage of the current cheaper prices for acreage, reserves and oilfield services.
Each collected six, including three apiece in track and field and swimming.
''Everyone's solvency is important,'' Krosnick says.
Electroplaters, too, are finding that pollution rules are more palatable when compliance also entails recovering expensive materials.
The nearly eight-mile-long main lava flow has been fed from an erupting vent in Kilauea Volcano's east riftzone.
Discussing the low test levels of the second grade, a confidential memorandum circulated to Board of Education members by the director of the board's Office of Educational Assessment said part of the reason was the ''large population of language-minority students in the early grades,'' an apparent refernce to students for whom English is a second language.
The Defense Minister, who spoke in Arabic and whose words were translated by an interpreter, also said in the interview that in 1986, Iraq had obtained and was increasingly using ''specialized'' aerial ordnance that had brought what he called a ''qualitative'' improvement to the air arm.
The chairman, who cast the dissenting vote, predicted that the Southern Pacific might go bankrupt.
Under the association's bylaws, the judicial council's opinions cannot be overruled by the American Medical Association's House of Delegates or its officers and can only be changed by the council itself, according to Toba Cohen, a spokesman for the Chicago-based organization.
When he took the stand two weeks ago, Sociz Junatanov freely admitted that he was desperate to kill his father.
The permit was granted to Dr. Steven E. Lindow and Dr. Nickolas A. Panopoulos, plant pathologists at the University of California at Berkeley, who developed an altered strain of the bacterium Pseudomonas syringae to protect plants from frost damage.
Yesterday's action marked the third time this year that the Fed and banks have acted in tandem, each lowering their respective rates by a half-point.
''But I'm not paranoid,'' she insisted.
Interior design came late, spurred by the breakup of her marriage.
''I had an apple for lunch today.
''A few years ago people were ashamed to say they lived here.
Since the takeover, it has sold several strategic SCM businesses and has nearly recouped all of its investment.
Miss Chopra offered some impressions of working with Miss Dern: ''Maybe it's because of her parents, but Laura understands how film is put together.
As a 3-year-old, of course, he won 9 of 12 races, including the Triple Crown, finished second twice and third once.
''There's no way to replace those revenues.''
To the Editor: I am a junior at Southern Methodist University and would like to respond to ''Time to Bench S.M.U.?''
He said of the Hawks: ''You have to remember that except for the addition of Mike McGee, this is the same team that won 50 games last year.
The price of victory can be high in both the short and the long run.
When Kristi finally finds out about her husband's advanced addiction, it's clear that his stop-gap measure will be no solution.
Not that being in the playoffs suddenly will turn the Jets into winners.
President Reagan and NASA, in putting a teacher on board the shuttle, intended to inspire the nation's schoolchildren.
''We think a lot of him out here in this part of the country,'' Mrs. Zschiesche, a former New Yorker, said in a telephone interview last night.
When newspaper and magazine photographers hounded him to pose with his newborn son, Kevin, in May, McEnroe relented, but for a fee, hoping to dissuade them.
Total national membership is about 1,900.
I'm sure they're considering Schottzie now to manage the Reds.''
''After that, I talked to the athletic directors and superintendents at Simsbury and Windsor and had to go to several board of education meetings in both towns.''
Although he pursued an active legal career from his admission to the bar in 1921 until he was well into his 80's, Mr. Marshall found time to become an activist in such areas as education, international relations, Jewish affairs, environmental concerns and New York politics.
Workers squeeze their small salaries for savings because if they don't, they could spend their old age in poverty.''
Mr. Wallace's face turned ashen as the court clerk announced guilty verdicts on one conspiracy charge and 16 mail fraud counts.
Antoinette and Newton Schott of Upper Montclair, N.J., gave $750 in memory of their daughter Faith and Virginia Schott and Reginald L. LeQuire.
If the balloon suddenly collapses, surgery may be needed, the company advisory said, adding that ''delayed removal of a deflated bubble may be associated with death.''
Miss Gleason, who lives in a Park Avenue penthouse with her husband, Michael Bennahum, a movie-studio executive, and his two children from a previous marriage, says she has always loved comedy.
Three years ago, Colgate began moving toward agency consolidation worldwide, cutting back from about 10 to 3.
But for $50 to $500, limitless collectibles sell exceedingly well.''
After evaluating the data, the agency said the field tests, to be conducted on small sections of a potato field surrounded by wide dirt buffers, could be conducted with ''minimal risk.''
The other leading contender, Alvaro Gomez Hurtado of the governing Conservative Party, has been the underdog since his party's candidates did poorly in congressional elections March 9.
Mr. Cook sees the hand of the entrepreneur not just in the automobile but ''in the gleaming towers of Hong Kong and the exploding economies of the once-destitute Asian Basin,'' and his strength as an author is that he often enables the reader to see it also.
Both papers at issue described experiments in which dogs' coronary arteries were clamped shut 15 minutes and then reopened again.
Kenny Smith made two free throws to give North Carolina a 2-point lead, but Thompson scored on a drive and drew a foul on Wolf, but he missed the foul shot to leave it at 75-75 with 4:15 left.
Much Public Testimony The case was viewed as a victory for the Justice Department's policy of bringing espionage cases to trial, even if the evidence involves national security information.
''Our towns must not zone out decent affordable housing.
The highest wind gusts recorded during the storm, 104 m.p.h., were recorded Sunday at the Chesapeake Bay Bridge tunnel, which connects Norfolk, Va., and Virginia's eastern shore.
''His usefulness was about nil,'' Mr. Walker testified.
Dr. Friedman intends to use it for scientific demonstrations, explanations of important current events involving scientific principles and the presentation of awards to science students.
They become, instead, cinematic exercises and indulgences, bereft of serious thought.
Everybody smiles at Walter Payton, no longer the Ernie Banks of pro football.
Yours is the only nice one we've for a long time been able to think of.
The Founding Fathers were everlastingly right when they turned down this well-intentioned but ill-considered proposal 200 years ago.
He stumbled on it, he said, while following a recipe that called for constant stirring.
The theft of a priceless Greek coin brings a New York dynasty's scandals to light.
We have the terrible feeling that he's thinking about a television sequel.
Soviet officials say their shuttle, which is believed to resemble the American vehicle in size and appearance, though not in important details, could be flying in less than five years.
The American intervention there in the 1920's, with all its disastrous consequences for Nicaragua and the United States, was a prime object of liberal criticism then.
At the age of 27, Miss Bykova is working toward a graduate degree at Rostov State University, preparing to be a broadcaster.
Mr. King last week announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for State Attorney General, the only declared Republican candidate for the post so far.
The bride, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence J. Taslitz of Chicago, graduated from Princeton University and the Harvard Law School.
By relying exclusively on air breathers, as the President proposes, we would greatly simplify Soviet defensive requirements, encourage an arms race in defensive systems, where the Soviet Union currently enjoys superiority, and undermine our deterrent.
In the chairs next to Michael Kramer, the program's host, are Robert R. Kiley, chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority; David L. Gunn, president of the New York City Transit Authority, and Louis Gambaccini, assistant executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
They were ahead because Joyner awakened from his Yankee Stadium slumber and cracked a two-out, two-run home run against Dave Righetti in the ninth inning, making it a clean sweep for the Yankees' top two relief pitchers in squandering leads in the game.
The Senate plan, however, would provide on average a smaller tax cut for individuals, chiefly because it curtails many more tax benefits than the House version.
The son and grandson of famous lawyers who brought drama to their courtroom appearances, he is ''the only legitimate actor in the family.''
The bride, who will retain her name professionally, is a daughter of Pearl Mayman of Stoneham, Mass., and the late Aaron Mayman.
In a letter to Mr. Brock, 11 House Republicans called the Schlossberg appointment ''extremely unwise'' because of his union background, and urged the Secretary to insure that ''his duties will be as narrow as possible.''
Americans work hard in the mistaken belief that they'll live forever.
Northeast Regional Tournament, at the University of Maine, Orono, Me.
In addition, the man has an adolescent son who cannot understand him, and it takes a long time and a crisis before they can approach each other.
Investigators said that Mr. DeCicco was paid for 11 hours of work on days that he worked between zero and five hours, according to transcripts of the hearings.
Leading a jazz band is a complex and demanding occupation, related to - but not at all the same thing as -playing the music.
The two brothers are Christians from the northern Lebanese town of Qubiyat, which has been under Syrian control.
Referring to Mr. Gotbaum, he added, ''A trade union leader who prides himself on his ideological purity is getting into bed with a conservative Republican majority.''
Entering yesterday's games, Canseco, with 167, and Incaviglia, with 166, were two of the three leading hitters in strikeouts, both on the verge of breaking the major league rookie record of 168 set by Juan Samuel of Philadelphia in 1984.
The latex versions are not quite so glossy or vivid as the alkyd-base types.
Dr. Prigo's chest is safe.
Mr. Sawyer said the filmmakers did not have permission from the fire inspector to put an explosive device within any structure on the movie set.
''Science is a category that is covered elsewhere.
When Mrs. Belaga said that the state's prosperity was the result of Federal economic policies, Mr. O'Neill said he was not claiming all the credit, ''but I'm going to take my share.''
This land is devoted not only to national forests but also to Bureau of Land Management grazing areas, national monument lands, grasslands and American Indian reservations.
Michael Riesman of Mr. Glass's ensemble was the conductor.
''We read they'd win in three straight.
Say he's spent half, which I know he hasn't .
That understanding is fundamental in another sense.
Brave Raj, the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies winner, is likely to win the divisional title and may try to become the first of her age and sex to earn $1 million by running against colts in the Hollywood Futurity.
Along the way, Mr. Blum has led an expedition on an unexplored route part of the way up Mount Everest and has become an avid long-distance runner, competing once in a 100-mile race.
Two weeks before Mr. Giwa's death, the Newswatch cover story was titled: ''Nigeria - Why Nothing Works.''
It also lies in the village's descendants, among them state senators and judges, lawyers, doctors and entrepreneurs, all of whom learned the value of labor the hard way.
Prof. Dan Michaeli, Director General of the ministry, said the levels were insignificant and people could consume them for years without affecting their health.
Sometime in their four years, many Johnnies feel they have to get away.
After Brehme's hard-hit free kick curled around the French defensive wall, then deflected off the hands and chest of Joel Bats and trickled into the goal, the French attacked relentlessly.
AS the American comparative advantage in the manufacture of many goods has declined, the Reagan Administration has insisted that creative or artistic products where we still have an important edge - in computer software, music cassettes, or Hollywood films, for example - be protected from piracy.
Waters of Scarsdale, N.Y., and the late Mr.
Not only does this process fail to extract many of the beans' subtler flavor components, but it also produces an alcohol flavor.
Lawmakers have multiplied that advantage by voting themselves a host of valuable perquisites, from free mailing privileges to free travel to their home districts.
Federal investigators looking into the lobbying activities of Michael K. Deaver have broadened their inquiry to include the activities of two of his business associates, who had been officials in the Office of the United States Trade Representative.
Syria's profound embarrassment over the plan's collapse was demonstrated by the almost total disappearance of the subject of Lebanon in the press after the plan failed.
''And many of them are well published at Doubleday and so will probably stay.''
In Peekskill, that question has become a rallying cry for police officers and political activists who want a police chief - a position they insist won voter approval in a referendum last November.
c-Net loss Year-ago results have been restated to reflect the effect of implementing FASB number 86, which provides for capitalization of certain software development costs, in the fourth quarter of 1985.
Then he hung up, but things didn't end there.
He was tired, couldn't walk the boardwalk.
Columbus, Ohio, Convention Center, $12 million.
MANY women often view the decisions they make as irreversible, and thus find themselves confronting stress that otherwise might have been avoided, according to an administrator at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center.
Hard to Tune Out ''You cannot tune it out,'' he said, ''but you strive for good concentration, and you try to get a good idea of what you want to do.
When the artist in question is Italian, and his work contains a melodious, sun-warmed and easy-going quality with a slightly sardonic intelligence, then we may be sure that he will make his way.
It may be easier to find such cleaners in a paint and wallpaper store than in a supermarket.
His words struck the right note, but deeds would matter more.
THE WASHINGTON PRESS CLUB DINNER is one of those annual events when politicians and journalists dress up in formal at-tire to eat bad food and reassure each other that they really are important.
''The military contractor is not in the position of the manufacturer of consumer goods,'' a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit said in reversing a judgment of $3.6 million in a Maryland helicopter crash in 1981.
Meanwhile, surpluses expand and budget-breaking farm programs cost more.
Real estate professionals agreed that there are few manufacturing spaces to be had in the area and that what is available is mostly west of Eighth Avenue.
Subtitled ''Mainstreaming,'' the festival will examine the integration and advancement of women into the various levels of the professional hierarchy of composing and conducting .
Several parties denied receiving requests for information about their business with Cannons.
Frightening because it is embedded in the social landscape of crime, drug abuse and hopelessness in a land of plenty.
A collection of 40 carrousel animals from Charlotte Dinger's collection is now on view at the Paine Webber Art Gallery, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, at 51st Street.
He had been progressively slowing down, but I overlooked the warning signs.
Some neighbors say drug dealers have returned in greater numbers to the nine-acre park on 42d Street between Fifth Avenue and the Avenue of the Americas, behind the New York Public Library.
Sponsored by the Symphony for United Nations and the New York Society for Ethical Culture, the event will feature performances of dance, music and theater, a crafts and foods festival, an art exhibition and film screenings.
Boundaries become unclear and other people are frightening and not to be trusted.
Congress was moved by industry fears that book printing would move to countries with cheaper labor.
It was Arbour, who will become a vice president of the team, who became chief architect of the lineup that, after five seasons of steady progress, won the 1980 Stanley Cup and, in a feat unparalleled since the heyday of the Montreal Canadiens a decade earlier, successfully defended their championship for the next three years.
Leading Republicans in New York State are concerned that Andrew P. O'Rourke's campaign for governor is off to such a slow start that he could jeopardize the re-election of many Republican state senators and assemblymen.
Martin A. Wurst Jr. of Westminster, Pa., collapsed while running along the Tidal Basin near the Jefferson Memorial.
What is striking is how many black trade unionists, businessmen, church and political leaders favor sanctions, despite the regime's forceful attempts to silence them.
A new Roman Catholic hymnal aimed at making worship services and music more meaningful to black parishioners will be published early next year, church officials say.
''If we can't get that, it puts the whole issue of decentralization in a very questionable status.''
Herald Center, a shopping center in midtown Manhattan identified in Congressional testimony as being owned by Mrs. Marcos, has been losing money, according to bank documents.
''I don't know what it's going to do.''
But his pass receiving has been amazing: he hasn't dropped one since he's been in camp.''
And yet the same penchant for the big picture led her in 1967 to produce - over the opposition of an artistic committee that included Jerome Robbins and Agnes deMille - David Blair's four-act ''Swan Lake,'' the company's first full-length version of the ballet.
The chefs say their working hours are long and the risk of public embarrassment is high; their waking nightmare is to have 200 souffles fall all at once as world leaders look on.
Since 1970 the agency has set standards for six such pollutants, but it has been considering setting standards for more than two dozen others.
''The question is whether we understand our own reactors well enough.
Buildings of Great Dignity To look, for example, at the intricate rhythms of the two houses of concrete block that made Mr. Botta's reputation - the cylindrical house of 1981 in Stabio, Switzerland, and the cube-shaped house of 1979 in Pregassona, Switzerland - it becomes clear that this is an architect who treats simple geometric forms as a composer does the theme of a fugue.
From the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Cloisters collection come 13 cards from the only known complete 15th-century illuminated set.
He also directed, produced, wrote and starred in three low-budget films in the late 1960's and early 70's.
Cardinal Sin said: ''The rebellion was not just a manifestation of 'people power' but of God's power working through people.
Since she has an important birthday coming up, we are giving her a gigantic party, just as we did for her inauguration.
The gap between American rules and Swiss ones may be narrowing, suggests Hans Dieter Vontobel, president of the exclusive family-owned bank J. Vontobel & Co. Ltd. ''I believe some Americans are starting to find that it's a wise and good thing not to be naked in every respect,'' he said.
In the report, the Fed said that M-1, the nation's basic money supply, fell by $1.8 billion in the week ended June 23, to a seasonally adjusted average of $666.4 billion from a revised $668.2 billion a week earlier.
Because she meets them with an open, almost sympathetic mind, it is only slowly that their message sinks in.
Peter Pears, Claire Watson, James Pease; Orchestra and Chorus of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Britten.
The city's jails, which are seriously overcrowded, reached a 13-year high last month when they held 13,483 prisoners.
Elsewhere, the lifting of the nation's state-of-emergency decree - imposed July 21, 1985, in an effort to curb violent protest - seemed to have made no difference to the daily tally of confrontation made public by the police.
Even supposedly neutral groups, in their desire to sponsor a debate, become susceptible to candidate pressures; and the more the candidates, or one candidate, can control debate procedure, the more the press is participating in a contrived campaign event, rather than a legitimate news story.
Late Friday the two-year issue was offered on a when-issued basis with a yield of 8.25 percent.
Inflation has since dropped dramatically (some say it's nonexistent), and the Senate tax-reform bill may soon eliminate all but 2 of those 15 tax brackets.
Wearing a shabby overcoat and with his face hidden by a bushy beard, Mr. King shuffled into the hall and started reciting from Nietzsche in a very thick and very fake foreign accent.
A Soviet victory would destabilize southwest Asia.
Critics saw in this a troubling tendency to revert to policy practices that had crippled the shuttle program from the start; that is, approving an expensive program without providing assurances of financing.
I don't approve of this conference being called for women alone.
Less than two weeks before the trials, while cutting the grass in his backyard, he lifted an unanchored swing set.
For instance, when Hollie Spencer, 27, and her 6-year-old daughter, Crystal, moved in with her parents in Weston, Mass., after a divorce two years ago, she considered it a stopgap.
Ever since Emperor Ashok first established rest stops for Hindu pilgrims 2,200 years ago, Indian leaders have won popularity as protectors of the faith.
''I don't think it had any bearing'' on the girl's decision, Captain Wakefield added.
In some ways, however, the Rangers' performance tonight was a complete mystery.
One can seldom follow a plot line from the text.
''If there be those who would not save the Union unless at the same time destroy slavery, I do not agree with them .
A summer spent with her unmarried aunt proves to be full of revelations and provokes a 15-year-old girl's coming of age in this lucid, beautifully plotted first novel.
Civil Air Patrol members searching on foot spotted the plane about midmorning in a field about three-fourths of a mile north of a runway of the Executive Airport in Olathe, the police said.
The 21-year-old landmarks panel, whose 11 members are appointed by the Mayor, has become a powerful force in shaping land use in New York City.
The bulk of the earnings gain came from Citicorp's Individual Bank, which oversees its vast credit card and domestic mortgage loan operations, among other activities.
But it is unconscionable to deny a young man the chance at a lucrative career and the public the opportunity to see him perform, solely because he does not meet intellectual standards unrelated to his athletic career.
To be sure, no one contends that it is impossible for G.M.
But, then, not everybody's grandmother has to be on the stage.
A basis point is a hundredth of a percentage point.
Others read, ''This is the season to eat the crabs.''
If his elder son had not joined the company, Mr. Stoppelmann said, he would have contemplated selling it.
'No Drugs in There' ''It's a clean place and we're fixing it up, and there are no drugs in there,'' said Deborah Fletcher, 22 years old, who moved in three months ago, as she stood in the street and watched firefighters use a cherry picker to remove possessions from the building.
To remove any issue regarding prejudicial pretrial publicity, the Government indicated it was prepared to consent to a change of venue and accordingly we have done so.''
The Mariners struck out 41 times in the three games, setting a major-league record of 36 in the first two.
''It wasn't difficult at all,'' Dalton said.
General Ramos said Wednesday that 1,200 rebels had already come down from the hills.
The new strategy led to disaster because such capabilities cannot be bought.
Mr. Armbruster, a Republican, served in the Assembly from 1959 to 1966 and in the State Senate in 1967-1968.
I told the bunch of them I had vital information and what it was.
''There will be no 12th or 13th or 14th summits,'' Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam told a group of journalists as he saw off Mr. Gemayel at the airport.
Tonight's play, ''Being at Home With Claude,'' a hit of the last Montreal season, is about a confrontation between a police inspector and a young male prostitute who has confessed to a crime of passion.
Beyond the yellow flag fluttering above the narrow green that angles back to the right, two white-sand bunkers yawn below red and pink azaleas, white dogwood, tangled bushes and tall cathedral pines.
A Leader in Buyouts Some of Manufacturers Hanover's investment banking sectors, however, are on track.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Committee on Non-Use of Force -10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL Commission on Transnational Corporations - 3 P.M.
Rozelle, noting that the owners had not discussed the possible expansion of the league beyond its present 28 teams, said he did not even plan to appoint an expansion committee before late next year because of uncertainties surrounding television contracts and the collective-bargaining agreement, which expire in 1987.
The van Abbe is an exemplary museum, therefore, and one that has never had either money to burn or rich collectors who could be called upon in times of stress.
But the first thing I was trying to do was iron out some stuff for myself.
In the end, Renee Richards argues that she cannot simply be categorized as a transsexual.
Overhead, a blimp cruised in long, slow patrol.
The winner, Jose Rijo (4-8), pitched his second complete game of the season, yielding seven hits, striking out 12 and walking one.
The Librarian of Congress, Dr. Daniel J. Boorstin, announced today that he will leave his position as director of the world's largest and most diverse library in June to devote more time to writing.
(It was bad enough going shopping with Lisa and having my admittedly dubious taste questioned at every turn.
Mr. Kingsbury declined to say specificially what he planned to do about the joints where the booster segments meet, but said he had ''a number of ideas about redesign.''
Consecutive-day tickets save skiers some money; a three-day ticket, for instance, is $72 and a seven-day ticket is $154.
'A Lot of Angry Talk' Mr. Birk, who had been working at Automated Tolls Inc., of Mount Vernon, N.Y., has denied the charges.
A biography of the author of ''Out of Africa.''
Concern on Wall Street On Wall Street, however, there was some concern that the Belzbergs might decide either to sell the Ashland stock back to the company, or swap it for selected portions of the business.
The agency is giving the land to the Halandia Group as an incentive to build, Mr. Quinn said.
The colt will not be ready to race in any of the Triple Crown races.
Doctors initially thought they might have retinitis pigmentosa, a progressive form of blindness.
Bell, said platinum ''fell apart, taking out levels that were seen as key support.''
''Magazines are consumer products,'' said the former publisher of Inc. magazine.
Administration officials are also divided over whether President Reagan should amend his proposal that each side pledge to adhere to the 1972 antiballistic missile treaty for a period of seven and a half years.
Clams, found buried three to six inches deep in the rocks and sand, are harvested with buckets and rakes, shovels or three-clawed garden diggers.
John Hughes's ''Pretty in Pink'' deals firmly with not one but two questions that probably never even get asked in Russia: Should Molly Ringwald go to the senior prom and, if so, what frock should she wear?
When Twin officials meet with the premier pitcher Tuesday, they should consider the value to them and their long-maligned reputation of Morris's move.
The Saudi planning minister, Hisham Nazer, was named to replace Sheik Yamani.
The band played on, foaming glasses of ale beside most of the players.
Besides basketball, you're talking about his life.''
Suppose the futures premium never gets over 200 points before Dec. 19, Mr. Blin asked rhetorically.
In the bad times, and there were bad times then, they used to stay in Danville to eat.
We believe that God will take care of us, no matter how long or brief our journey in this lfie is.
Since the tourtiere is not sold warm - and it must be warm to experience it at its best -the traveler is best advised to take one home.
Indeed, last summer's contest saw the establishment of a new Egton Bridge record: a gooseberry weighing nearly two ounces.
Federal investigators are examining payments made by a Bronx defense contractor to a law firm headed by relatives of a Baltimore Congressman shortly after the Congressman began an inquiry into the contractor.
As his following grew, many clerics in this area began to question his style.
Then, while pressing the gypsum board hard to hold it tight against the studs, drive one of the new dry-wall nails in about two or three inches above or below the original nail.
Nonetheless, the agency contended that the figures ''overstate'' the likely effect of the collective mergers because the financial condition of People Express made it unlikely that it would be a significant force in the future.
Oh sure, a few are always willing to make the two-hour trips.
''Paradise Postponed'' will be followed by a new TV version of ''Goodbye, Mr. Chips,'' starring Roy Marsden.
The Ritz Cafe (809-773-2985) sells an unbeatable lobster salad sandwich on pumpernickel.
I put together a hand-picked band, but when I made plans to rehearse it I heard about a band leader and arranger who was fined $1,000 by the union for rehearsing for a record date.
The move was part of economic sanctions imposed in response to what the United States calls Libya's support for international terrorism, in particular for the attacks by Palestinian terrorists Dec. 27 on the Rome and Vienna airports, in which 20 people were killed.
To foster collective entrepreneurship, workers need more of a stake in corporate America - through profit-sharing and stock ownership - and more responsibility.
The smell of death rose from the broken and crushed five-story building.
The sponsors say that the show is a major fund-raiser for the library, and that nearly 3,000 people atttended last year.
The members of the Argentine right were appalled but, recognizing an opportunity when they saw it, they didn't object too strongly.
He boosted his totals to 552 attempts and 2,720 yards.
The project was cut short when Material Service was subpoenaed by a Federal grand jury investigating corruption in the industry.
Last week, Mr. Craxi said international terrorism posed ''a tangle of problems that cannot be solved by a military blitz.''
It was Friday the 13th, a fact not lost on any of the dozen Japanese photographers and journalists who followed Tsuneyuki Nakajima yesterday round the often-maddening Shinnecock Hills Golf Club course.
Conner's victory on the water was offset by a later defeat on land.
And in that connection, do you have anything to say about Judge Bell's appearing to engage in negotiations, or to attempt to engage in negotiations, on a foreign policy matter, or do you not consider it a foreign policy matter, as a private individual?
SYLVIA SYMS is giving a second chance to a cabaret program she first did six and a half years ago - a program drawn from the film songs of Fred Astaire.
86); a clarinet concerto fashioned by Aaron Copland for Benny Goodman, and Mendelssohn's Symphony No.
Investigators also say they are looking into the appointments of guardians and conservators in State Supreme Court in Queens, where such appointees are involved in incompetency proceedings.
Witnesses said the police were responsible for two of the confirmed deaths in Santiago and gunmen in civilian clothes were said to be responsible for the third.
This would give ex post facto justification to Mayor Koch's command to his aides, after dinner in Rome last year: ''Back to the chariots, boys.''
Mr. Lugar has already publicly endorsed the idea of a ''surgical strike'' against a military target in Libya to show American willingness to retaliate against terrorist attack.
Deere & Company has reported a $39.6 million loss for its latest quarter, in contrast to a profit of $4.5 million, or 6 cents a share, a year earlier.
The abbey was donated by the provincial legislature of Zeeland, in which Middelburg is situated.
WHEN I was interviewed by a friend who is a well-known food specialist, it quickly became clear that we operated from different sensibilities while speaking the same language.
Meanwhile, France's declining Communist Party, which received fewer popular votes in the Assembly contests last March than did the extreme-right National Front, retained 15 seats in the Senate tonight, the minimum needed for what the French call a parliamentary block.
But now, I know what can happen to you.''
Dr. Gallo's team filed a patent to produce commercial tests to detect the AIDS virus in blood.
Nonrefundable for five years, the securities are rated A-1 by Moody's and A by Standard & Poor's.
He would have scored on the one he did snap off were it not for Darrell Green, the cornerback who is unofficially the fastest man in the league.
In contrast to some expectations, for instance, money funds have not generally extended their average maturities to obtain higher yields.
The estate was sued by a bank acting on behalf of Mr. Rosenstiel's granddaughter Cathy Finkelstein, and by her father and brother.
Asked if it were his teammates who were making him feel that way or the coaches, Larouche said, ''That's a tough question.''
locations closely reflect American military presence.
The New York Yacht Club looks ominous.
''At this point there is some legislation on smoking in every state in the union,'' Mrs. Nichter said.
Worse, New York slipped one game behind Boston, a 6-5 victor over Oakland, in the American League East.
''This is a white area,'' he said, waving vaguely toward the hedges that fronted the church property.
I didn't get too excited - you didn't see any snap hooks out there.
''Five sides, five floors, five rings - the building was just too big to be under anybody's complete control.
''We're looking at a very slim chance they won't win,'' Coach Joe Paterno of Penn State said.
They also meet to discuss teaching techniques and to talk about problems the new teachers may be having.
But what does that really mean?
He played on the streets; he played in high school, and, yes, he said, there were many people all along the way who told him he would never make it.
It was felt, however, that such a film could not be done with just documentary-style interviews, explained Lieut.
Harcourt Brace Jovanovich: ''Babes in Toyland'' - the author James Howe and the illustrator Allen Atkinson.
When it was genius accompanied by fame she found it intoxicating.''
Such economists also foresee greater difficulties for some parts of the economy.
''It's the end of winter,'' he said, ''the time for opening up.''
Blow to Boeing That order, worth about $2 billion if spare parts are included, was a blow to Seattle-based Boeing, with whom Delta has placed most of its orders in the past decade.
A number of political moderates close to Mrs. Aquino have accused Bayan of having links to the Communists and reject working with it.
''It's a big compliment,'' he finally said.
'Continuing a Family Tradition' Terry and Stuart Ain of Woodmere, L.I., sent a check for $50, asking that their contribution be used to ''bring some relief and possibly joy to a family with young children.
SHOULD a car carry with it a traveling advertisement for the dealer who sold it?
Yesterday, the police said they had shot and killed a black man in Moutsie after a gasoline bomb was thrown.
Because yields of tax-exempt issues rose earlier this year, relative to taxable bond yields, many analysts agree with Aaron Gurwitz, an economist at Salomon Brothers Inc., who said the reduced supply of new tax-exempt issues and the elimination of other tax shelters and income deductions ''should translate into an improvement in the relative value of long-term municipals.''
There are no blacks on his farm, Mr. Fischer said, because he believes that the only solution to his country's racial woes is the creation of a white homeland, where there will be no black people at all, and where whites will till the land and bend their backs for themselves.
''Eisenstein is not a fool,'' he said, ''though he is completely foolish some of the time.
To the Editor: In reading ''Malice and Reunions'' (July 20), the Edmund Wilson excerpts from the forthcoming book ''The Fifties,'' I found myself nostalgically back in the years when I was one of the two copy editors employed by The New Yorker.
Students may choose to continue with four sessions on beers, spirits and fortified wines for $125.
The league continued discussing the Iran-Iraq war, hearing detailed complaints from Iraq that Libya was supplying arms to Iran.
The law becomes even harder to predict when it concerns stock analysts or arbitragers, whose business requires them to gather as much information as possible about a stock.
It was learned that, in fact, the Cardiff Giant had been carved of stone and treated with acid to give it what passed for an aged look.
He also expressed concern over the continuing standoff between the United States and the Common Market on American farm exports.
This little detail sums up the dumbness of stepmotherhood, or at least my approach to it.
The fight community is not yet 100 percent sold.
Ms. Falco is president of the Parkside Place Block Association, whose members run a nightly street patrol, sponsor trips for neighborhood youths, paint over any graffiti that turns up and meet monthly to discuss housing problems.
''I get clothes for children,'' he said, sounding rather like a Red Cross volunteer.
''We'll give Tony Tubbs an opportunity to put his best foot forward,'' says Jim Binns, the W.B.A.
''There are so many other factors involved,'' he explained.
''All my dreams are coming true,'' Byars said.
Air Force and NATO jet fighters escorted George P. Shultz last week as he flew from Turkey to Greece to Italy - to protect him from possible attack by Libya, officials said.
Mr. Rosenthal dismissed as ''nonsense'' suggestions that the correspondent may have spied while traveling through a restricted part of central China recently.
The bridegroom is an assistant vice president of the M.K.I.
She is talking about the Sissy Spacek acting technique: doing whatever works.
Mr. Kaplan was the valedictory orator of the class of '71 at Harvard and received a master's degree in English from Cambridge University and a Ph.D. in modern thought and literature from Stamford University.
At the Beth Israel Hospital in Boston, 180 people, or 12 percent of patients undergoing elective surgical procedures for which standard practice was to order blood on a standby basis, agreed to participate in a study.
The New Jersey Hospital Association is devising new advertising and marketing strategies for its 106 member hospitals in an effort to change the minds of about 10,000 New Jersey patients who go to New York City or to Philadelphia every year for their hospital care.
Free pony rides for children, oldtime movies and participation in entertainment provided by the Connecticut Dinner Theater are included in the admission charge of $3 for adults, $2.50 for the elderly, $1.50 for children and free to children under 5 years of age.
''Let the insurance company come across.''
He joined the team for the 1981-82 season and was its top-scoring defenseman with 56 points.
The ball dropped among them just inside the chalk line for a double and a run.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.; Charles Johnson, a lawyer, and Jan Douglass, the city's former community relations director.
For months, his workdays have been a waking nightmare, a specter, of Liberty Weekend trash.
He said events developed somewhat similarly in El Fronton, the island prison off the port of Callao, where three policemen were taken hostage.
''We've done sampling, and the Health Department has done sampling, and with some rare exceptions, the water is safe,'' said Daniel Barolo, director of the Division of Water of the State Department of Environmental Conservation.
''Every time we go there,'' she said, ''we name these people to the authorities.
With a nationwide debate over AIDS discrimination as a backdrop, the Court faces a decision on whether all recipients of Federal aid, including virtually all public schools, are barred from discriminating against people with contagious diseases.
In real life, such scenarios have not been part of Mr. Kline's experience; he has been successful as an actor from the moment he discovered -seemingly quite by accident - that he could act.
to two national championships and played in the Olympics.
The eaters could look at the pictures in the living room while the cook prepared them from the spiral-bound book in the kitchen.
On so many other Sunday afternoons, the Los Angeles Raiders' dressing quarters in the Coliseum had been a scene of monkey business and mirth.
Also, plans call for water and sewage lines to run alongside the bridge.
As an example, take the case of a 61-year-old man with scarring of his lungs from tuberculosis.
It's history told through the little people.
''This is an evening of two personalities,'' said Carrie Carmichael.
He has reportedly just signed a renegotiated $25 million contract with Puma, which supplies his shoes and racquets.
He declined to specify the price of the proposed transaction or identify the buyer by name, but described him as a British businessman.
Recorded music will call the tune for the ''Harvest Moon Tango Competition.''
Don't overlook Japanese anemones, those luscious daisies that start to show color in September -white, rose and pink.
The United States believed it had moved a long way to meet the P.L.O.
With 99 percent of the state vote counted, Mr. Fairchild had 336,242 to Mr. Sangmeister's 314,747.
Nowadays, there is still a Mediterranean aura - a few restaurants still offer six-course Italian dinners and the aroma of Italian pastries still drifts through the dozen or so blocks of North Beach.
He said Resorts had received no additional offers for the casino hotel but would be willing to listen to ''any serious offers.''
Mr. Abbott is right when he says, through his outlaw Doc, ''Words redeem and give the heart something to beat for.''
A Noontime Fast The three university chaplains are sponsoring daily noontime fasts and protest vigils, which began today in front of the Bernstein-Marcus Building, housing all administration offices.
I'll do whatever I have to.'
In an effort to speed up their merger, the Allied Stores Corporation and the Campeau Corporation said they had amended their agreement to provide that if the merger is effective by Dec. 31, Allied shareholders would have the right to receive $69 in cash.
However, copies were mistakenly mailed out early this month to some news media by the report's publisher, Bantam Books, prompting reports on its contents, most of which have been previously reported.
Years ago, when the fishmongers of nearby Scheveningen came to the marketplace, storks ate the leftover fish, keeping the city clean.
The association, if it files grievances, conceivably could argue that the commissioner's action was excessive and without just cause.
The rug is 19th-century petit point, and several of the large pieces are Russian or Austrian Biedermeier.
FOR years - practically since he started his dental practice -Jerry H. Lynn knew that dentistry was not enough to make him happy.
''They've seen the city change from a laid-back Southwest city, with very pleasant amenities,'' said Professor Gibson, who opposes the cap.
International Congress's first move to halt testing of nuclear weapons was taken in the House, which voted to impose a yearlong moratorium on all but the smallest American underground nuclear tests if the Soviet Union would reciprocate and agree to allow verification devices on Soviet territory.
This concept - a sort of solo concerto - is not new, dating back at least to Steve Reich's ''Violin Phase'' (1967), but it has not, to date, been generally explored.
And although Mr. Wilson was parsimonious in his words, Mr. Foss came to see the opera's stylized movements as an important aspect of its content.
School Board 9 controls a budget of $71.3 million and employed 1,800 teachers, aides, counselors and principals this year.
The real test will be if they let us set up the down hole equipment and run it for a year.''
A Fundamental Assault ''We support it,'' flatly declared Roger B. Smith, chairman of the General Motors Corporation.
The Chinese have been playing Go since before Confucius was a boy, and now the Multitech Industrial Corporation, a division of Taiwan's largest computer manufacturer, MSC International, is offering a million-dollar prize to the first person or group to make a computer board game of Go.
Mr. Stern said that the company backing the project had failed to meet conditions set by the city and that the new Queens Borough President, Claire Shulman, told him that she had ''no interest'' in pursuing the proposal.
Depending on the size of the state, a Senate candidate could receive from $175,000 to $750,000 in such donations.
Assets of the nation's money market mutual funds fell $3.2 billion, to $235.9 billion, for the week ended Wednesday, the Investment Company Institute said yesterday.
After being graduated in 1970, Mr. Museveni worked briefly as a research assistant in the office of President Milton Obote, who was overthrown in 1971 by Idi Amin.
Masco manufactures faucets and kitchen cabinets.
For some the attachment began during a lonely period of their lives when those writers seemed to distill their own thoughts or feelings.
All Person did was go on to reach the last cut and become an alternate with Johnny Dawkins of Duke.
I guess you should be thanked for printing that article for its therapeutic value to Mr. Zion in releasing the incredible anxiety that he has had bottled up for the last couple of weeks and by showing him how ridiculous he appears to others with his nit-picking and unmistakable sour grapes.
''We wanted a contrast to the other buildings, which are either very white or very brown, and we wanted a welcoming kind of building.
The result has been extensive consolidation in many segments of the industry, and the leading buyers have been large public companies that are under pressure to raise earnings.
OAK REMOVED Our house backs on to a steep hill and we recently had an 80-foot oak cut down because of possible danger to the house.
''The Presbyterians had become so involved with social issues they had lost that real sense of the spiritual and Bible teachings,'' Mrs. Smith said.
We are building new businesses, expanding our communities, improving our schools and colleges and cultural life and providing a more secure life for our citizens by reducing the rate of crime.
An orgy of price-cutting ensued, with some companies eagerly leading the way and others dragged along.
''It says they're in a real big hurry if they're thinking of sending this out of the cape,'' he said.
Somebody said, 'There are 50 states - what do you mean, you don't know where to go?'
- Senator Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon.
Her father is an institutional salesman with Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc., a securities concern in New York.
Carter hit a two-run home run into the screen atop the left-field wall against Nipper in the fourth inning and rocketed a bases-empty blast over the screen against Crawford in the eighth.
Eagerly, she presented her register receipts to a sales clerk at a Bloomingdale's branch near her home.
Mr. Stiritz said he projected that Continental's operating earnings would be $130 million next year, up from $65 million in 1984.
With our pillowcases flung over our backs (no store-bought bags with black cats on them for us) we looked like two extremely unkempt Santa Clauses.
''In order for Japan to increase its domestic demand, it would have to displace several layers of inefficient practices and people.
Cover and cook slowly, tossing occasionally, until the vegetables have softened, about 20 minutes.
The woman, Andrea Biro, 25, of Nanuet, was charged with reckless endangerment in New York and drunken driving and possession of hashish in New Jersey.
The agreement, reached in the judge's chambers, was opposed by lawyers representing LTV's bank creditors, the union said.
''He came by one day and said, 'You have this wonderful stone on the farm.'
''Joni Mitchell has been a real inspiration to me for her lyrics,'' Miss Siberry said.
''Even if they are doing a double game - and I'm not saying they are -the fact they are publicly disassociating themselves from terrorism has its own importance,'' the official said.
Aviem Sella and Mr. Pollard then agreed on a code system, based upon the Hebrew alphabet, to be used by Sella to contact Mr. Pollard at various pay telephones in Washington, D.C.
The Basque, Jose Varona Lopez, was handed over to Spanish authorities late Friday at a frontier post near Hendaye only hours after being arrested by the French police in the Basque region town of St.-Jean-de-Luz.
The Brazilians are popular in Guadalajara, which has a statue in a city square commemorating the victory by Brazil in 1970.
Jeffrey Tate began with an inflexible reading of the overture that set the tone for the entire performance.
''Left-handers,'' the Brewers' manager explained, ''never throw the ball straight.
While on a West Coast trip, he contracted an acute case of appendicitis and faced a number of days in the hospital recuperating.
If the company were to go to an outsider - an unlikely but a not inconceivable course, according to most A.T.& T.-watchers - it would not venture far from the fold.
The developers of Port Liberte, another waterfront project that is supposed to bring thousands of apartments along a Venice-like system of canals, have said that for each luxury unit they sell they will contribute $500 to an Affordable Housing Trust Fund.
The armored vehicles studded the tall grass in no apparent formation.
There will always be room for cottage industries in the marine field -indeed, they give it a quaint appeal.
''Don't ever try to change me,'' he sings on his new album, ''Knocked Out Loaded'' (Columbia OC 40439, cassette OCT 40439, and available in a few weeks on compact disk).
After that campaign he went back to work for the Goverment as economic counselor to the Works Project Administration under Harry Hopkins, another key Roosevelt aide, and in 1938 became secretary of the Temporary National Economic Committee, a Congressional panel.
And sometimes the audience is put to work.
Here, among the wooded hills and tidy homes along Long Island Sound, there are only a few issues that pit neighbor against neighbor.
In its complaint, the department charged that Japanese manufacturers were selling the chips at more than 30 percent below their production and marketing costs, at a potential cost to American industry of about $900 million in lost sales.
Mr. Dohnanyi enjoyed an honorable but hardly overwhelming career in West Germany, his last post there being head of the Hamburg State Opera.
''A telephone booth, a taxicab and even a pay toilet are commonly regarded as 'open to the public,' even though they are usually occupied only by one party at a time.''
Krieg holds the second-longest streak among current N.F.L.
There is a beautiful waterfall, tumbling down in a platinum stream.
The occasion was a reunion of the three principal female singers who had graced Pomerium, New York's leading early-music vocal ensemble, in the late 70's and early 80's.
Baby boomers are the 76 million men and women born from 1946 to 1964, a generation researchers say boomed out of the prosperity and optimism that followed World War II, when soldiers came home and started families.
But stores are well-stocked, an indication of government favor for this strategic town.
The bread is also delicious.
Max Jacob and Robert Desnos both wrote Fantomas poems, Desnos's being set to music by Kurt Weill; Juan Gris painted a ''Fantomas Still-Life.''
Richard B. Morten, associate director of the Chamber of Commerce, agreed, saying: ''We've been living off of our tremendous growth in the late 70's, but there's no guarantee in life that a city's economy will always be rosy.
Primary fights ''always have left wounds,'' Mr. Moynihan said.
As a Navy pilot, he flew 78 combat missions.
Abram Nicholas Pritzker was born Jan. 6, 1896, in Chicago.
said Jim McMahon, the quarterback, who always seems to be at the forefront of these things.
Mr. Pearson acknowledged that the centers did not openly state that they represented an anti-abortion point of view.
''We have had people demand that even if we couldn't deliver their systems by Dec. 31, that we let them pay for it by then,'' Mr. Rice said.
American artists include Robert Indiana, Jasper Johns, Ellsworth Kelly and Frank Stella.
He was asked if, in fact, he didn't attempt to de-emphasize sports at Yale.
It will soon be replaced by a streamlined five-lane highway.''
622.1 Chicago 517.1 Source: The Chronicle of Higher Education
Scott Wedman is also seeing only limited duty because he is recuperating from minor off-season surgery on his left heel.
Obviously distraught, the boy dropped his bike and seized my hand.
''We never did even discuss with the Soviets what the word 'component' means when you move to these kinds of exotic technologies, such as the lasers and the particle beams,'' he said.
''It's nothing to do with value,'' Mr. Faulkner explained.
Eagleton (who has a fairly straightforward agenda in what he writes: as a Marxist, he would have literature change society) says the deconstructionists' obsession with the self-immolation of texts is sheer escapism.
This reflects a 20 percent across-the-board increase wholesale.
Does this not place the Government in a position of having its cake and eating it too?
''The driver said, 'I smell a lot of ladies and you smell terrific,' '' Resnick recalls.
In recent weeks, the company has sold all of its operations, including its floor coverings business and its automotive and industrial products divisions.
This raised the question of whether the various intelligence agencies had any prior knowledge of the secret financing of the contras.
- might treat the networks like robotized profit centers, ignoring the human ingredients of success in a creative medium?
The Soviet Union has denied this, and the precise nature of the purported Soviet violations is under dispute.
Mr. Sohayegh said in a telephone interview that he has made mortgage payments, but has been unable to pay the back taxes.
It would have been much better for the Jets, of course, to get in as the divisional champion.
But Mr. Reagan might have been surprised at the vigor with which two of the political leaders on the program joined in attacking his arms control policies.
Mr. Mathias has put a ''hold'' on the bill, which means that he will object to any attempt to bring it to the Senate floor by unanimous consent, the customary way legislation reaches the floor in the waning weeks of a Congress.
Mr. Reich came from Minimalism, and the Philharmonic no doubt thought of this as a Minimalist evening.
Short-term interest rates rose sharply yesterday, to the dismay of corporate borrowers, and securities dealers who must finance their inventories.
American wrestlers won three gold medals at the Goodwill Games today, while Soviet gymnasts swept the medals in all-round competition, again shutting out a disappointing American team.
By last evening, those joining Senator Kerry in the appeal were Senators Frank R. Lautenberg, Democrat of New Jersey; Paul Simon, Democrat of Illinois; Pete Wilson, the California Republican, and Alan Cranston, the California Democrat; Dennis DeConcini, Democrat of Arizona, and William R. Armstrong, Republican of Colorado.
's Administrator, Donald D. Engen, after the agency sent its own lawyer to reinterview students who the Inspector General said had acknowledged double-billing the Government.
And they command that the child do that, and they command that the child not run around with peer groups having free sex and using drugs, does your book address that situation?''
Today, the African countries are staggering under a total debt of $78.4 billion, a sum that represents 180 percent of the total exports of these countries.
I am sure there will be some lawsuits stemming from this.
Both limestone and marble have a rich sculptural and architectural history.
Depending on market conditions, it is often advantageous to sell collateralized mortgage obligations backed by a pool of mortgage pass-through securities, rather than selling the pass-through securities directly.
A successful muralist widely sought after by the corporate sponsors who commissioned his work, he nevertheless became the subject of one of the most notorious incidents in the history of modern art when a major work at Rockefeller Center -some say his masterpiece - was destroyed with hammers because he included a portrait of Lenin among the throngs depicted.
f It is critical to visit a club during the hours one plans to use it.
''Our aim was not to think in terms of the present building and its limitations, but of the collections in terms of ideal space.
The dollar arithmetic of what the Nitkins have done and the Sterns are in the process of doing is quite simple, according to Mr. November, who is working closely with the Sterns to create what Mrs. Stern calls ''a fantasy home come true - marvelous views, the children on one side and us on the other and miles in between, the perfect ingredients for a close family.''
Show times are 9:30 and 11:30 P.M.
''This court has seen few cases which more desperately cry out for and demand judicial redress,'' Federal District Judge Jose A. Gonzalez Jr. of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., said in a 1984 ruling.
''That was the last time he saw it,'' Mr. Pei said.
In nearby Dawsonville, workers have dug a new well to supplement the community's dwindling supply, and the local high school has temporarily banned student showers and switched to paper plates and plastic utensils in the lunchroom to save water.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
We try very hard to get away from the idea that competitions are rigid and unfeeling.
''American companies see this as a way to make facsimile part of the computer business,'' said Rolando Esteverena, president and chief executive officer of Datacopy.
She acquiesces, ''because as soon as you spoke to me I saw you were suffering from the malady of death.''
And the hell with the promise he had validated.
This time, I resolved, it will be different.
Squeezing every cigar in the box isn't very considerate.
I had to go to Scotland to see them.
A search there yesterday did not uncover the weapon, but would be continued today, he said.
On the one hand, the F.A.A.
Bank Also Settles Charges The Comptroller also settled charges against the bank itself.
The Tiber voyage ends near the Milvian Bridge in Rome's north, a sturdy stone structure that the ancients built for chariots and marching legions, and which until a few years ago stood up to modern motor vehicles; the bridge is still open to pedestrians.
In 1858 Hyman Lipman of Philadelphia invented the eraser-tipped pencil.
The night before his death, Russell was entertaining a friend at the apartment he and Gregory Silverman shared at 504 Cathedral Parkway.
But, if you take a more serious and systematic look, preferably with the help of a written guide, you will get a better sense of Lyons's special historical character.
When asked if he had pets at home, he said most emphatically that he did not.
He added that 39 percent said they were not sure.
He will turn over almost all his estimated wealth of $11.5 million and will be barred from working in the securities business.
But with growth waning and the oversupply of oil increasing, the mood has darkened again.
Preliminary Hearing Monday Mr. Santucci said his assistants had drawn up the subpoena rather than try to question Mr. Sandiford directly after they had been told, either by Mr. Maddox or by friends of Mr. Sandiford, that it was the only way Mr. Sandiford would meet with them.
The House has now voted to retain the commission's $12 million appropriation, but for the sole purpose of closing its doors by Dec. 31.
The show includes a look at a completed building of each, including Foster's Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank in Hong Kong, as well as an unbuilt project designed by each.
His father, who is retired, was a senior corporate financial analyst for the Gulf Oil Corporation in Pittsburgh.
Ewing, in just his second game back since a sore right knee forced him to miss seven contests, grabbed a game-high 17 rebounds.
Our reviewer, Susan Fromberg Schaeffer, wrote in 1985 that ''Things Invisible to See'' ''is an altogether marvelous book'' and ''a lovely, moving parable of life as a playing field on which the desire to live must continually contend with the forces opposing it.''
Will he be denied entry at the gate without proof of nonuse?
Perhaps it's unfair, but more than fan-magazine musings or name-dropping is expected from Mr. Cavett.
This week Nigeria added its voice to the dissidents.
Fidel Castro's successful game of deception may be written off as bygone history - but only at our own peril.
For New Haven, the deferral meant the temporary loss of at least $638,000 in Community Development Block Grants and millions of dollars for the city and the state in housing assistance for the handicapped, the elderly and low- and moderate-income families.
Senator Frank H. Murkowski, a Republican of Alaska who is on both the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Foreign Relations Committee, said he had long been concerned by the presence of more than 70 banks in Panama.
Birney A. Lettick, a commercial artist whose portraits frequently appeared on the cover of Time magazine, died of cancer Saturday morning at his Manhattan home, his family said.
''When you're in a championship fight you have 15 rounds.
That hope, however, may be unfounded.
Officers in the special detail receive overtime pay because they regularly work elsewhere in the city, making this potentially a very costly effort for the city.
The tribute's finale was an outburst of high spirits, choreographed by Ms. Levi-Tanai, in which Inbal and the program's other participants bobbed up and down and danced together with Ms. Sokolow in a ring of friendship.
The Phillips Petroleum Company said it would spend at least 30 percent less in 1986 than it had originally planned because of falling oil prices.
The Scarsdale elementary schools have developed a program that some educators believe could become a model in the national debate about teacher quality.
''It's as if someone says to you, you can't be the champ, but you say, 'Yeah, but I'm a better boxer,' '' Mr. Teeley recalls of that year.
Note now the documentary's curious, even appalling, history.
When a national skateboard pro comes for personal appearances here, the 150 club members get to stand near him.
The Brooklyn production of the ''Civil Wars'' fifth act didn't spring from nothing, of course, and that's the first key to his new methodology: working incrementally over time.
Skirts are gracefully flared and quite long.
Mr. Hewitt said yesterday that he had proposed that CBS spin off the news division and run it as a separate operating unit, distinct from the other divisions within the company, reporting directly to the chief executive officer.
Both conditions violate Harvard's rules.
The thieves gained entrance by cutting a hole in a small window at the rear of the mansion and then lifting a clasp on interior shutters - apparently after the police responded to an alarm but left when told by a caretaker that nothing was wrong.
A Catalonian separatist group known as Terra Lliure (Free Land) took responsibility for the earlier bombing.
They are laborers, classical pianists, secretaries, dishwashers, restaurant owners, high school students.
It may not be an accident that the film's best performance is given by Jim Belushi as Bernie Litko, Danny's breathtakingly self-assured, vulgar, manic best friend, the only character in the film that bears a strong resemblance to the one written by Mr. Mamet.
''Politics has a cyclical nature.
There are no games and no deals when it comes to protecting the nation's security.
Holders of common stock and of several other preferred series approved the plan.
As if there were not enough problems with conventional air and water pollution and toxic substances, all at once the nation has had to start worrying about radon.
Second were Gonzalo Herrera, Odon Duran, Mauricio Epelbaum and Jacobo Podbilevich.
There are phenomenal memories in the world.
(Ages 4 to 8) Another early reader about Hippo, a companionable fellow who lives in the river and hangs out with his friends, including Monkey, Snake and Mole.
A10 Corazon C. Aquino, showing firmness toward Philippine Communists, said she would soon set a deadline for them to accept a cease-fire or face a ''declaration of war.''
The issue had been the subject of a meeting before a group that all three men called ''the commission,'' which prosecutors maintain supervised the distribution of payoffs.
Steve Zungul, the most prolific scorer in the history of the Major Indoor Soccer League, is changing teams in a move that was not totally unexpected.
The victory was the first of the season for Pittsburgh (1-3).
''It wasn't surprising that I didn't get recognized in Houston.
''Nothing changes with us - we are still hostages here,'' said Tanya Zunshain, whose husband, Zakhar, is serving a three-year prison term imposed after he carried placards in a public demonstration for emigration.
''If one of the major players runs into big problems, it all comes back to us as well,'' said J.
''But in order to develop much more the investment management, securities and corporate finance business we want to do in this country, we had to reduce our stake over time in the bank.''
But, he added, ''ours is still a highly imperfect vehicle.''
The fastest previous miles by Americans this year were Maree's 3:53.79 indoors and Dub Myers's 3:55.31 outdoors.
About 40 percent of the trainees fail at this stage.
The Original Chocolate Byte floppy is a 5 1/4-inch, 4.8-ounce disk of milk chocolate, hand-molded by a little old lady named Gayle in Tarzana, Calif. (Presumably the disk started out at 5 ounces, but there's a ''byte'' taken out of the corner of each one).
They include Holt, Rinehart & Winston, one of the nation's top publishers of textbooks for the college and the elementary/high school markets; W. B. Saunders, the world's largest medical publisher, and CBS International Publishing, which publishes textbooks overseas.
The certification issue has held up money appropriated last year.
It's that they have a differently structured economy and society, making it difficult to penetrate.
When spraying, use the ''snorkel'' tube that comes with most such sprays to direct a fine spray onto the zipper teeth without getting it all over the fabric.
In America, too, action has been taken to deal with the Federal deficit, and while the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit-reduction mechanism poses severe difficulties, the law does represent a commitment to do something about the problem now, not later.
Changes were made in some of the language and photographs.
Bill Shoemaker is retiring, anytime now; soon.
But other Central American nations, supported by the United States, said the draft was unacceptable.
Thanks primarily to Dwight Gooden and George Foster, those Mets followers who feared an imminent collapse following two weekend losses to San Francisco can stop holding their collective breath and uncross their fingers.
He succeeds William F. Andrews at Scovill.
In need of more precise information, the attendant asked sweetly, ''Is that the Metropolitan Opera or the Metropolitan Museum?''
The young women who serve move gracefully among the tables dressed in long straight black skirts and ruffly snow-white Laura Ashley blouses that add to the distinctive air.
But there are many of us who, on the contrary, run counter to that: We are successful, well-adjusted people.
As the most successful network last season, NBC was arguably least in need of prime-time change.
But Congress trimmed on the principle two years ago when it authorized preventive detention for defendants thought to be dangerous.
Needs and Wants But one aspect remains the same.
And with so many items cut in price at one time, the bargains may not be that great and may not even be credible.
A. I'm a lot more reassured.
How come they let us in?''
State troopers in riot gear encircled the 120-year-old prison.
Since Ford was switching from rear- to front-wheel drive when it substituted the Taurus for the LTD and Marquis models that preceded it, the company's engineers were given a free hand to design a new V-6 engine and transmission as well as the completely new body.
Both Mayor Usry and Mrs. Cooper said they would like to use the expertise of casino executives to help solve city problems.
''The people are very receptive, and the response has been overwhelming.
France took extraordinary precautions last week against terrorist incidents that might follow the five bombings that killed 10 people and injured 162 in September.
I prefer lifting the hood myself to asking the sullen boy who pumps gasoline to check the oil.
The plastic is said to be impervious to rodents, and trials have demonstated losses from rot can be reduced to less than 1 percent.
Mr. Aganbegyan, a large man of impressive girth with the jet-black hair of his Armenian ancestry and the conservative suit of a successful executive, finally made an appearance Wednesday with a group of Western reporters.
In any case, the elections are likely to turn largely on local and domestic issues.
Mr. Schwarz made the comment at an American Bar Association seminar on corruption in government contracting, which focused in large measure on the scandal at the city's Parking Violations Bureau.
Everything is refrigerated until needed.
Copytele Inc., a three-year-old high-technology company based on Long Island, said in a statement Friday that it had been awarded a patent for a flat-screen display device that could reduce the size of computers and other equipment using cathode-ray tubes.
Unfortunate Paradox Seen Indeed, program administrators concede they face a most delicate task.
Their comments came as the panel released 103 pages of reports and recommendations for sweeping new laws against corruption.
The ash fill law required the selection of one site.
Character acting is generally regarded as less than a lofty profession, at best as a step toward stardom, not as a career in itself.
Should we have rejected a chance to get the hostages out when it presented itself?
Mr. Gorbachev, who arrives in New Delhi today, is reportedly prepared to offer India the Soviet Mainstay early-warning system, together with more MIG-27 and MIG-29 aircraft and upgraded air-defense missiles.
The board consists of people from academia and industry.
Apple Computer Inc. said that it plans to begin a stock repurchase program under which up to five million shares of its common stock might be bought in the open market from time to time.
Just after dawn most mornings now, Mexico City residents are treated to a rare sight.
It simply begs to be peeped through.
''The poor child got hurt, someone must pay.''
Until tonight, when those avenues turned to dead ends, and he was held to just two foul shots in the final 15 minutes 28 seconds of play for a total of 24 points, and Louisville won the national championship, and Dawkins was left with the other Blue Devils at the end of a 37-3 season and a remarkable career.
As powerful in content and execution as the more familiar work done in America by Kathe Kollwitz, the exhibition was taken from an unusual collection of Middle European art from 1890 through 1930 given to the college by Julia and Louis Wasserman.
For weeks, the schools' ticket offices and alumni clubs were entreated by callers around the country trying in vain to get a last-minute ticket.
John Hogan, head of the New York City office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
When I first came here in 1976 from the Stanford University Medical Center, I had the sum total of pediatric knowledge in my back pocket.
STATUS quo attitudes are, Mr. Bialer demonstrates, immensely strong in the Soviet Union, and for a variety of reasons.
''This summer we began to see people coming to Caramoor from all over,'' he said.
They ought to purchase the equipment to allow them to painlessly print a menu of daily specials.
It caught on, and the project became a model for other school districts across the nation.''
A fascinating section on street entertainment includes no mention of the newspaper hawkers who shouted inflammatory headlines like circus barkers and who could also be hired by political groups to beat up opponents for a few francs and a jug of wine.
Minnesota (2-1) was held to 49 yards rushing and 97 passing.
Another project, by the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala., uses six upward-looking radars to map air motions inside storms, not only to identify where lightning is generated but also the closely related downbursts of air sometimes responsible for airliner disasters.
Some will be done by one magazine or the other, others as a joint effort.
Emphasis is on contemporary Southwestern art at the Stables Art Center, operated by the nonprofit Taos Art Association on Pueblo Road.
From this number, local school districts hired approximately 200.
The next day Mr. Cochran, who changed his name from Crouse when he married in 1975, published an article about his past in the papers owned by his company, Sentinel Publishing.
Selection of a Boss In addition to New York, the group is said to operate in Atlantic City, other parts of New Jersey and in Florida.
The paranoid style in American politics, Richard Hofstadter called it.
Mrs. Manes said last week that she had visited the center only once or twice and never had anything to do with it.
Mr. Trager's charges came at the first of two hearings by the state panel into purported corruption and conflicts of interest at the taxi agency during Mr. Turoff's eight-year administration.
Most of the farmers who have gone out of business were family farmers unable to afford the technological advantages necessary to keep them competitive.
They said she had been excited about the family's Thanksgiving celebration, planning the menu and buying a turkey.
Interviews in 49,000 Homes The survey, based on interviews with more than 100,000 people in 49,000 homes, found that almost almost two-thirds of all personal and household crimes and about one-half of all violent crimes were not reported to the police.
''These include money-center banks, semiconductors, airlines, hospital management and, especially, technology-oriented emerging growth stocks,'' he said.
The worst outbreak of animal rabies in at least 40 years is sweeping the Middle Atlantic states and the Southeast.
In a country that in recent years has seen its gross domestic product contract - with a sharp 12 percent decline in 1983 that resulted from damage caused by heavy rains from the tropical current El Nino - it is still very much of a novelty to be struggling with problems of growth rather than recession.
B. Armstrong News Agency, which distributes many of the banned magazines around Winston-Salem, N.C., John H. McPherson, the president, complained, ''I think the experts agree that you should have censorship: Hitler, Qaddafi, the Soviet Union, Cuba.''
Warren was activated four weeks ago after Robinson sprained his left ankle.
This factor is also measured in decibels, and the number given in the specifications expresses the difference in loudness between the wanted station and the unwanted neighboring station, assuming both signals arrive with equal strength.
But the suspension did not apply to other types of flights, including those for traffic reports, F.A.A.
My proposal (similar to Mr. Abrams's) is (1) eliminate punitive damages; (2) require the losing party to pay the prevailing party's costs including attorneys' fees, and (3) if the plaintiff prevails, require a retraction.
When they left, the soloists returned.
In ''Poltergeist II,'' the malevolent spirits have followed the Freeling family to an idyllic country retreat.
''It was a natural concern and they understood our position,'' he said.
Mr. Dyson had to be persuaded to run by Governor Cuomo, who viewed Mr. Dyson's money as his major advantage as a candidate against Mr. D'Amato.
Thompson, who will be an assistant coach at the 1988 Games, hopes Miss Dixon will be one of his runners.
The Central Bank governor, the investigators said, would exchange Mr. Duvalier's local currency for United States dollars and transfer them to banks in the United States and Europe.
But Davenport, only a rookie from the University of Louisville and the second player drafted by the Dolphins on the sixth round, could play a larger role against the Patriots today in the American Conference championship game.
Asked by telephone about CostLess Travel, Mr. Vaydik said: ''We looked long and hard at buying that, but frankly, the problems were so monumental that we didn't see any way of saving it.
The fact is that the initial reaction of the American team in Reykjavik to the way the proceedings ended was not one of elation.
The lecture, which was established by her family and friends, brings a distinguished figure in the theater, science, literature or law to Yale each year.
Massachusetts has moved nearly 2,200 homeless people from state-supported emergency housing to permanent housing since July 1985, under a rent-subsidy program that has cost $9 million over the period instead of the $4 million a month that emergency housing would have cost, officials there say.
She is survived by her husband, Russell, of San Francisco, and by two daughters.
The last six years of our national history have proved in a convincing way that there is a need for deep changes if we are to find a solution to our problems.
This selection, which is introduced by Daniel Abadie, chief curator of the Pompidou Museum, spans only 20 years, but it covers most of the phases represented at Urban and a few that are not - the cows, for instance.
They did not work together except to give, ask or take tips from one another.
Many leading semiconductor companies operate plants in the country.
Mr. Laxalt was quoted recently as saying, ''My strongest reason to run would be that the Reagan program and policies be perpetuated beyond Ronald Reagan.''
Reduced Capital Spending Analysts agree with I.B.M.
He was referring to Representative Stan Lundine of Jamestown, the Democratic candidate for lieutenant governor.
Hope for Leniency But Mr. Pitt held out more hope for leniency for Mr. Boesky than for Mr. Levine, who is also awaiting sentencing on four felony counts.
Late last week he told the special Government commission seeking to recover the Marcoses' hidden wealth that he had organized 40 shell companies as vehicles for Mr. Marcos's investment and clandestinely managed the portfolio for Mr. Marcos until 1981.
Ironically, the top vote-getter in the rival Campbell Conference was Paul Coffey, the Edmonton defenseman who last year beat out Bourque for the Norris Trophy, awarded to the league's top defenseman.
The 1982 Gumpoldskirchner Dr. Lueger, a blend of spatrot and rotgipfler grapes, is lively drinking.
''Minimum weight was a consideration,'' he continues, ''and that led me to use one-sixteenth by three-quarter-inch aluminum angle and one-quarter-inch furniture grade five-ply hardwood for the structural elements.
A publisher, hearing that Lehmann-Haupt loves baseball, offers a contract for a baseball book; the snake swallows its own tail, as the author's book addresses the problem.
Calendar Tuesday - Noise Control Council holds a public meeting at the Labor Education Center, Cook College, Rutgers University, Ryders Lane, New Brunswick, 9 A.M. Wednesday - Tidelands Resource Council meets in Room 702 of the Labor and Industry Building, Trenton, 10 A.M. Friday - Division of Coastal Resources holds a Coastal Area Facility Review Act hearing for Vermont Plaza Apartments, a 201-unit development in Atlantic City, at City Hall, Atlantic City, 11 A.M.
WANDERERS in lower Manhattan's cultural dens - through some of the newer art galleries and alternative exhibition spaces in particular - have in recent years increasingly encountered the unusual work of the collaborative team Kristin Jones and Andrew Ginzel.
''I am convinced there is a time to fight, and I want to be good and ready,'' she said.
The Eagles' offensive line coach, Ken Iman, will remain.
appealed to the manager, only to be told to ''send us some kids - we can't get baggers and we can't get checkers.''
Following is a summary of reviews of restaurants that have appeared in The New York Times.
The two systems do not mesh.
When Frito-Lay Inc. advertised earlier this year for 400 openings in a new potato chip plant in Bakersfield, 14,000 people applied: 35 applicants for each position.
''Polo targets a very affluent group of people who might not spend their Saturdays walking into automobile showrooms,'' said Michael B. Jackling, BMW's executive vice president.
wondered Joseph D. Hurd, an economist at the Crocker National Bank, referring to expectations for an improvement in the trade deficit caused by the decline of the dollar.
In this case, we are allowed to see Barbara at once as the proud mother, happy to see her daughter married off surrounded by ''the sweet glittering softness of money''; as the daughter of another proud matriarch, a woman who had ''fought her way from poverty to affluence''; and as an abandoned wife, bitter over her husband's decision to leave after 25 years.
At the Village Temple in Manhattan yesterday, Frances Wolf Newman, the daughter of Mrs. Tobian A. Wolf of Fort Worth, Tex., and the late Mr. Wolf, was married to Dr. Frederick Friedman, a clinical assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center.
''This kind of material is nostalgic and fun for the types close to the 60's, who may now be successful.''
Because of the museum's vertical arrangement and relatively small space, it does not have a grand sweep or panoramic exhibits.
b-Includes a charge of $433,000.
Blue Note Records will soon release previously unissued sessions by the saxophonist Hank Mobley, who died in May, along with the Duke Ellington-Charles Mingus-Max Roach trio album, ''Money Jungle''; the ''Money Jungle'' CD will include two alternate takes.
''I always felt a little guilty,'' Mr. Owen admitted, ''like maybe somebody goofed for us to have this.''
''When England was seeded to play in Monterrey, Bobby Robson, the English coach, simply said he was not happy with the combination of the lowest altitude and the heat of Monterrey.
He also suggested that a publicity campaign might help and offered his services to get one going.
The proud people of Nicaragua did not rise up against Somoza - and struggle, fight, and die - to have Cubans, Russians, Bulgarians, East Germans and North Koreans running their prisons, organizing their army, censoring their newspapers and suppressing their religious faith.
''What worries me very much,'' he said, ''is that this President, who is very popular, who is very strong, may bequeath to his successor unresolved strategic and geopolitical dilemmas which his successor will not be able to deal with because he will inevitably be politically weaker.
They care for more than 3,000 horses, man the betting machines, sell hot dogs and beer, maintain security, handle public relations.
To celebrate his 50th year as a professional singer and pianist, Atlantic Records is issuing ''50 by Bobby Short,'' songs from all of his recordings, chosen by him.
In unequivocal terms, China's economic leaders declared that it would not be the state, but money raised in capital markets, that would fuel the country's economic growth.
He is to be replaced by Benno C. Schmidt Jr.
Three horses are stampeding together through the sky, their forelegs visible, their hind legs hidden, so that their place of origin is not only invisible but unknowable.
Yankee fans, on the other hand, have no real gripe.
MR. DE LA MADRID has also ordered that the Government divest itself of some of the hundreds of state-owned companies that have been a hallmark of the Mexican economy.
Nearly all of the suggested amendments in the bill were subsequently rejected in meetings with state officials, said Ms. Chester.
There he stayed in hiding, devoting all his energies to what he really loved: the study of music and of the violin.
His mother, Rhoda Friedland, is a travel consultant for Reliable International in Cedarhurst, L.I.
We all have our own obstacles to clear in order to play but they are not discussed.
Hagler beat Hearns in three rounds last April.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is gathering information from more than a dozen officials at General Felt Industries and Shearson Lehman Brothers as part of an investigation into possible insider trading in the buyout by the two companies of the Sheller-Globe Corporation earlier this year.
Even when everything seems smooth and scheduled and fine, ''the skin of the moment can break open.''
According to the list, Miss Garcia and her 1974 Chevrolet gathered the tickets in less than four years, from February 1982 until December of last year.
David Curtis, the writer and producer, has filled this half-hour with a wealth of information about strokes.
Prices of precious metal futures declined sharply.
The television, reporting that the questioning was filmed on Saturday, showed computer and communications equipment said to have been found in the hideout and described it as typical of the kind ''employed in classic intelligence activities.''
All the better that Henry Mayer has so nicely evoked one of the people who helped invent it.
After that, they will be fined $100 for each false alarm to which the Police or Fire Department responds.
The official, Georgi M. Korniyenko, who is a first deputy chief in the Central Committee's International Department headed by Anatoly F. Dobrynin, told the American officials present that they had come to Latvia on Soviet visas, an act that he said was tantamount to acknowledging officially Latvia's status as one of 15 Soviet constituent republics.
Today, they can be found in many fresh-food outlets and in many groceries and supermarkets.
Miss Hagopian, an account executive for the J. Walter Thompson Company in New York, is a magna cum laude graduate of Boston College.
''The review process under the state environmental quality act is still going through a shakedown,'' Mr. Goldman said.
Dixie and folk bands and Juilliard students will perform.
''Every authorizing committee has an interest in the course of this amendment,'' said the Armed Services Committee's letter, signed by 10 Republicans and eight Democrats.
He will have his hands full absorbing the latest acquisistion.
And when I perform at Luzhniki, Now every time I will see the demanding eye balls, Twelve-thousand pair of eyes.
PRIVATE LIVES TRIANGLES, written by June Bingham; directed by Aaron Frankel; set and lighting design by Daniel A. Saks; costume design by Beverly Bullock.
Nystrom, a leader come playoff time, suffered an eye injury at a January practice and was lost for the season and probably will not resume his career.
And without so much as a backward glance, he makes his way out the door.
Mr. Landberg said that Equicor included six partners, two of whom, Richard and Steven Buckley, had sold their company, UCC Industries, to the Allegheny Beverage Corporation for an undisclosed sum in December 1983.
From Mr. Hughes, that wistfulness appears to be real.
ROSES ARE PERHAPS THE most nostalgic of flowers.
WHEN it began five years ago, New York City's annual Irish Music Festival consisted of just a handful of musicians performing for a tiny audience in a small park on Manhattan's West Side.
of Architecture and Planning Catholic University of America Washington, D. C.
(A digression: Yuppese will be a category to consider in the '88 Watch, but I am not yet prepared to deal with Vice President Bush's remark that the recent friendliness of Chinese officials toward Americans would, a decade ago, have placed those officials ''in deep doo-doo.''
''And the schedule often hurt the Expos.
A cook suspected of hiding an arms cache aboard a French freighter headed for New Caledonia was arrested today and charged with possession of explosives, the police said.
Volume dipped yesterday, although trading was busy in the morning.
Such a change in traffic patterns could result from motorists headed toward Staten Island or New Jersey driving west through the Holland Tunnel, whose toll is collected from eastbound drivers, rather than through the Verrazano toll plaza.
A storm front is blowin' in the wind, untrackable on any human-built radar scope.
The Apocalypse is also the source for Christ in Majesty, the symbols of the four Evangelists and the Adoration of the Lamb.
Last week, as tens of thousands of students marched through Shanghai's narrow streets shouting slogans for democracy and freedom, the dilemma facing China's leaders was much like the one that had troubled Confucian traditionalists.
There are additional rooms with baths in two annexes and a bungalow.
Mr. Garbus said libel suits had become an ''extraordinary'' way to stop books.
So it is on history that William F. Buckley Jr.'s new novel ''High Jinx'' is loosely based.
The beams' brightness will be intensified by the addition of powerful state-of-the-art magnets.
There are a lot of nuts everywhere these days.''
PACKERS SUSPEND LOFTON The Packers' wide receiver, James Lofton, will miss Sunday's game after being suspended by Gregg.
A powerful bomb exploded early today outside a building housing West Germany's counterespionage agency, heavily damaging the building and slightly wounding a passer-by, the police said.
Mike Tyson isn't ready for the big names yet.
His store, offering some of the best wines in France and a selection from Italy and California as well, brings the Cite a flood of wine lovers, international attention and a lot of business.
Still another factor encouraging the growth, officials say, has been the construction of superhighways.
Despite her looks and charm, Lisa says she has never had a long-term romance.
Daniel J. Evans, now a United States Senator, ordered a study of some state job classes to compare salaries paid to men and women.
Mr. McQuaid said that there had been a dam on the farm to contain chicken manure, but that when it threatened to back up into the chicken houses the dam was breached and the waste drained into Guest Pond.
State Senator John D. Calandra, the Republican leader of the Bronx since 1970, died Monday night in Mount Sinai Medical Center in Manhattan after suffering his second heart attack in several days.
''People cannot forgive me for being good-looking,'' he mourns, responding to criticism of his modeling debut in Esquire magazine.
Last week, Washington sent a warning to Mr. Enrile, reaffirming its support for Mrs. Aquino's Government.
''When I look at the economy, I don't see anything wrong that has not been talked about ad nauseum.''
I don't like to step on peoples' toes.
Dinner entrees are $9 to $25 (for the 2-pound lobster).
Victory Narrow in 1984 In the last gubernatorial election in 1984, Mrs. Kunin narrowly defeated her Republican opponent, John Easton, the state Attorney General, winning 50.02 percent of the vote, or just 60 votes over the required majority.
cried the carriers, mopping anguished brows.
From there commuters can board subway trains to midtown.
One of Pride's hits, however, was a pinch-hit home run that carried more than 400 feet.
The prosecutor, Deputy Attorney General M. Jane Brady, cited the victim's age and his relative defenselessness in arguing for the death penalty.
But it is fluently constructed, with intricate choreography beneath its outer gracefulness.
Yet his own speeches suggest that what he meant was using facts and information to explain and promote his goals, and in this the coverage of the Chernobyl disaster was following his precepts.
Drug addicts who are unable to give up their habit must use ''a clean, previously unused needle'' or syringe to avoid AIDS, the Surgeon General said.
But Texas Commerce, which is one of the nation's biggest lenders to the energy industry, is also a major lender to Texas real estate interests, another industry in deep recession.
Naturally, they refused to obey me.
is supposed to be watching.
Darryl Dawkins returned to action today after a 15-game absence, but played for only 5 minutes before feeling a twinge in his injured groin area and leaving the game.
disclosed in Congressional hearings on Thursday that Mr. Boesky had already been able to reduce the debt of his investment fund by about $1.4 billion through the sale of stock, and other investment transactions, in the months before the settlement was announced.
Mr. Brown, the star of the PBS mini-series ''A Town Like Alice,'' was of interest to television talk shows.
That moving story seared me so painfully that, at first, I could not finish reading it.
They contend that Crown Zellerbach's strong presence in sanitary paper products in the Western states would complement James River's similar businesses in more easterly markets.
Now it takes 163 yen to buy a dollar, and the impact is being felt this bonus season.
The Associated Press quoted Pentagon sources as saying today that the American aircraft carrier Saratoga and an accompanying battle group had been ordered back into the Mediterranean, a move that would soon give the United States two large carrier groups in the region.
And yet the expected repetition of steps within the pattern radiates a blur of ritual movement that lends the touch of ecstasy this kind of music also invites.
But geologists say the veins may extend the boundaries of state land onto private property.
Scottie Fitzgerald was married twice, to Samuel J. Lanahan in 1943 and to Clinton G. Smith in 1967.
Agee was certainly haunted by his father's fatal accident, as all of ''A Death in the Family'' makes clear.
A house that sold recently for $280,000 paid $2,050 in taxes.
He suggested, too, that tax cuts might not reduce revenue at all.
In a conference room off the lobby of the medical center on First Avenue near 31st Street, Mr. Armstrong said he was convinced that Mr. Manes was not with a prostitute or any other woman during those hours that have yet to be accounted for.
Nov. 15 and 22 at 2 and 3 P.M. Museum hours: 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 1 to 5 P.M. Sunday.
International law, in allowing self-defense, requires that it be proportionate to the attack.
By the end of this year, Dr. Mann said, his health agency will send consultants to about eight countries with the expectation that programs will promptly be undertaken.
The good news is that the transition to a leaner Pentagon diet can be accomplished without sacrificing any of the essential elements of a strong defense.
The producer is David H. Balkan.
The money would be used for the marketing program.
The volume of space inside is huge.
Of Mr. Balliett's 11 previous books - mostly shorter collections -''American Musicians'' makes at least three entire volumes plus hunks of several others obsolete.
And his words brought impassioned applause from Richard Widmark, the actor, Robert Anderson, the playwright, Jay Presson Allen, the screenwriter, and about 200 other townspeople, among them prominent doctors, lawyers and business executives.
With its Social Register tenants, antique-filled lobby and air of quiet propriety, the stately apartment building just north of downtown seems more a setting for an episode of ''Dynasty'' than an international incident.
The floors are oak, the baths have ceramic tile and the rooms have castoff furniture from the Hotel Pierre.
Lunch is served Monday through Friday from 10:30 A.M. to 3 P.M.; dinner daily from 6:30 to midnight (a small supper menu is available until 2 A.M.).
Including Waterton Lakes National Park, the Canadian section of the park, there are 900 miles of hiking trails crisscrossing the Continental Divide, which the park straddles.
Today, the group includes more than 100 members (of which about a dozen were represented at the Japan Society) and commissions new compositions while keeping the classic repertory before the public.
One of six companies he owns, William Raveis Real Estate, has held a series of 12 cocktail parties throughout Fairfield County to acquaint people with the Milford Point project.
Available at The Gifted Child (385 Seventh Avenue, Brooklyn) or through Childcraft.
Still, Mr. Hughes calls Mr. Jensen ''a good and thoughtful professional - he's a straight-shooter.''
On the witness stand, she could recall nothing about the night of the murder, the same night she had so graphically described to her former friends several months before.
You had to put this family in a totally different place, in a countryside.
Laureltown Woods on Lanes Mill Road in Bricktown, therefore, is likely to be one of the last large development projects to open in the township.
Sonar can focus inthe dark.
He said the book, published April 28 by Century Hutchinson Ltd., contained fundamental and misleading errors.
But could a serious writer have a meaningful relationship with it?
When the tide of intellectual and political history seemed headed inexorably leftward and the conservative movement was caricatured (not entirely unfairly) as a collection of segregationists, Babbitts and crackpot generals, Mr. Buckley had the temerity to uphold the cause of Toryism.
The Coastal Corporation's Colorado Interstate Gas Company had accused Midcon of breaking a contract and trying to establish a natural gas marketing monopoly in some Western and Middle Western states.
1130 Fifth Avenue at 94th Street, Manhattan #50 Years of TellyThe British Broadcasting Corporation's first telecast - of a chanteuse named Adele Dixon warbling, ''a mightly maze of mystic magic rays is all about us in the blue'' -hardly prefigured the five decades of programming that would follow.
Branches of well-known Italian clothing companies can be found here.
In the end they issued a statement pledging loyalty to the Pope, but the president of the conference, Bishop James W. Malone, made the highly unusual suggestion that the bishops meet with John Paul to discuss the ''growing and dangerous disaffection'' before his visit to the United States next September.
The creature will also have the odor of bananas on its breath.
The tax bill, unanimously approved by the committee two weeks ago, is expected to reach the Senate floor early next month after Congress returns from its Memorial Day recess.
Adams tied the score with his 18th of the season at 10:07 and Mark Johnson gave the Devils the lead with his own power-play goal at 17:59 before Ogrodnick tied it for the Red Wings on a power-play goal with 53 seconds left in the period to set the stage for Higgins's winning goal in the overtime.
Wait till the application period begins next year.''
He was born Joseph Schwarz in Czechoslavakia in 1930.
Some people are going even further, saying that perhaps institutional dominance over small investors should be checked.
There is one catch to all this positive thinking.
These factories saw their operating rate climb to 84.9 percent from 84.6 percent, while the operating rate at plants making durable goods dipped to 76 percent, from 76.1 percent the month before.
Next morning helicopters will transport them to the Bugaboo Mountains in the Purcell Range of the Rockies for three days and three nights of heli-hiking.
According to the preliminary prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission last month, the firm estimated it would sell up to 6.9 million shares at a price of $16 to $19 a share.
Edward J. Meeman Awards for Environmental Journalism, papers under 100,000 circulation: first place, Jane Kay, The Arizona Daily Star, Tucson; second place, Craig Medred, The Anchorage Daily News.
Rich Gedman, the catcher at the time, said the moment of the injury was ''scary and unreal.''
On another matter, Mr. Kampelman said he hoped for clarification at the Geneva talks of suggestions from some Soviet officials that they may not be seeking to limit to the laboratory all American testing and research on missile-defense weapons.
For those who believe that the complexities of today's global crisis make the need for a world body greater than ever, the $100 million is a tiny light in the budgetary tunnel of darkness.
The Democratic nomination went to Clayton Hodgson, a longtime aide to Mr. Bedell, who is retiring.
But Mr. Spector's career, it adds, ''reminds us that however grand the planner's or politician's vision, part of the glory goes to those who can actually make it work.''
The rebel army, peasant-based and overwhelmingly illiterate, could not provide administrators on any level, certainly not ministerial - though Faustino Perez, Martinez Sanchez and Sori-Marin were intellectuals with university degrees, and all were identified with the 26th of July Movement.
DETAILS MOST LIKELY TO IMPRESS STROLLING through a show house, one encounters all sorts of interesting details.
The suburbs were founded on the principle of convenient, one-stop shopping and this takes the process to a higher plane: convenient no-stop shopping.
These are tender readings of music which is attractive throughout if not of great substance.
His father is a senior partner in the New York law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell.
Mrs. Winokur will present a tour of the show and a lecture on April 20 at 3 P.M. A fee of $15 includes refreshments.
I figure now the guy who works the hardest is the guy who's going to be the best.
Many lines have been barely breaking even, he said, and contracts have been sold at a loss.
The Connecticut River was only a mile away, however, and I fished it two or three times a month for smallmouths.
To that, add the depth that Walton has brought.
Since the prom is an occasion to eye and be eyed, picking the right outfit is a decision that must not be made impetuously.
This was proven Tuesday night as I accompanied a couple of paying patrons to the good seats right behind the penalty boxes at the Nassau Coliseum for a game with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) returns to fight a Russian for the world championship.
''I let the discussion go on for a brief while before intervening.
Memberships comprise 25 percent of the station's budget and form an essential part of its financial foundation.
No Move Against Dissidents Mrs. Aquino's executive secretary, Joker Arroyo, replied: ''We don't arrest people because they want to meet.
14 9 12 THROUGH A GLASS DARKLY, by Karleen Koen.
It got him fired from home, too.
But then he drew the contradictory conclusion that the U.S. could cozen Iran into restoring ''a relationship'' with the U.S., ending the gulf war and stopping terrorism, ''and finally effect a safe return of all hostages from Lebanon.''
That The New York Times should think Mr. Mungo's doggerel an appropriate commentary on Mr. Seth's elegant, complex verse is a crime against literature.
This is now a very young troupe, impeccably trained.
Suzanne Wojda, marketing agent for Fundsnet at the company's headquarters in Englewood, said that since Morris County adopted its credit-card system, courts in Los Angeles and Grand Prairie and Addison, Tex., have drawn up similar plans and others are considering such a move.
After a quiet spring in which even the most ardent of their number despaired of wresting back the Senate seat formerly held by the venerable Warren G. Magnuson of Washington, the Democrats now believe they have a chance.
* American Tobacco Co., Stamford, Conn., an independent subsidiary of American Brands Inc., has promoted Vivian A.
The companies announced that Olivetti would be taking responsibility for the development and production of one line of personal computer - the PC 6300 - for both companies.
'A Total Vindication' Gary P. Naftalis, an attorney for Mr. Matthews, called the decision ''a total vindication of Mr. Matthews'' and added that it ''demonstrates there was never any legal or factual basis for this prosecution.''
Monday through Friday, noon to 6 P.M. Information: 203-438-7636 or 212-288-5888).
As a victim (with only 5 units) of this ill-conceived monstrosity, I have been swamped under the multi-carbon paper avalanche, repeating every year its useless computer input needed to keep make-believe jobs alive.
Voyager 2, eight years and two billion miles out from Earth, swung by the planet Uranus last weekend.
It plans to open six new stores next year.
Some car models, notably Audi, use four-wheel drive for high-performance, on-road driving.
He passed two hearts, giving pleasure to West but none to his partner.
TAXI AND LIMOUSINE COMMISSION Jay L. Turoff, 48, who resigned in March as chairman of the Taxi and Limousine Commission, has been indicted on charges of giving competitive advantages to a taxi-meter company formed by friends.
So, he concluded, ''it has to be Murphy's pants.''
He said unfilled jobs should be 5 percent of the work force, not 13 percent, ''saving $8 million.''
Darwin W. Smith, a chemistry professor, said, ''If we're going to admit students who are not ready for college work, we need to have a better control as a college over the students who come in.''
Even if one were to suppose that facts are in and of themselves truth, could one then say that Ms. Kelley has command of the facts of Mr. Sinatra's life?
The son of a postal worker, Mr. Besse was born on Dec. 25, 1927, in Clermont-Ferrand.
Spring Rolls #1 egg white #2 teaspoons dry sherry or rice wine #3 tablespoons cornstarch Pinch of salt #4 ounces shrimp peeled, deveined, and chopped or 4 ounces uncooked lobster meat, chopped #6 ounces boneless pork or chicken breast, in small slivers #2 tablespoons oyster sauce #2 teaspoons sesame oil #1 tablespoon chicken broth #3 tablespoons peanut oil, plus oil for deep frying #2 slices ginger, crushed #2 cloves garlic, crushed #1 egg yolk 1/2 pound mung bean sprouts, rinsed and drained #4 scallions, shredded #2 stalks bok choy, shredded 1/2 cup bamboo shoots, shredded 1/2 cup water chestnuts, shredded #1 pound (2 packages) spring roll skins.
My son said he had released the story in order to make sure that ''the K.G.B.
Such tests generally are carried out in horizontal tunnels in the Nevada desert and are intended to assess the effects of nuclear explosions on missile warheads, missile components, satellites, communications equipment and Soviet weapons.
On any given day this spring, up to 30 healthy infants were lingering in hospitals, at a cost of several hundred dollars a day for each infant, because there were no foster beds.
Her clothes will cost from $130 to $450.
Such suspicions prompt the question of punishment, particularly following the United States raid on Libya last month and the call now from the Tokyo summit for joint action against state-sponsored terrorism.
''It's like a dream come true and then they take the dream away from you,'' said Dr. Ivan Joseph, a pathologist at Roosevelt Hospital, who left Haiti as a small child.
Its most prominent feature is its six docking ports, which allow the station to link up simultaneously with expansion modules and a variety of transport ships.
The Fiesta Bowl came back and said it would meet any other bid.
said John Emmerling, chairman of John Emmerling Inc., the Magazine Publishing Association's agency.
''If we do the things we've done all year, Tennessee won't give us any trouble,'' said Bruce Fleming, the all-America linebacker.
''One week I'm messy and the next week I'm not and I can't explain it,'' he said.
A Basic Explorer journey could start in Antigua and include visits to Guadeloupe, Dominica and St. Lucia, stopping if you wish at the two intervening islands again on the way back.
States employed 3.9 million, while 2.9 million were in the employ of the national Government (civilian only).
Executives at some companies that are going through work force reductions said the changes in pension requirements are welcome.
''His father had the 'welcome home' sign made.''
New Western music was still forbidden then,'' he said.
His stepmother, Lynn Kegelman, is a financial analyst with First Fidelity Bank, Newark.
South Africa's newest emergency decree, covering the entire country, offers the authorities far greater powers of censorship than ever before, lawyers said today, making it an offense to publish a wide range of utterances deemed ''subversive.''
The appeal has a political purpose as well as an esthetic one.
They have different histories and different characters.
According to the town dog warden, Henry Chapman, there were 2,902 licensed dogs in East Hampton last October.
Goldings contended that the use of Hagler's photo was meant to convey the impression that Hagler's March 10 title defense against John Mugabi will be shown on HBO, and was calculated to hurt the closed-circuit and pay-per-view outlets Arum will be using to show the bout.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
For home viewers bypassing Venice this year - and for hopeful first-timers - this dazzling photographic dip into the Canal City and its seasonal romantic story, with Katharine Hepburn and Rossano Brazzi, are the next best thing to a trip across.
Despite its faults, the balletic ''Shrew'' does offer opportunities for good comic dancing.
At the same time, Mr. Meese said, ''anyone who is a member of the President's staff or the President's Cabinet has an obligation either to support the policy decision of the President or get out.''
The show opens with a 50-minute set from Jean Carne, who has an impressively varied gospel-blues-jazz-pop voice but who freights her material with such an excess of virtuosic stunts - sometimes every syllable seemed to be sung with a different shade of vocal color - that the songs themselves (and their emotional content) pretty much sink from sight.
Even by this century's standards, the occupation has been notable for its violence.
Beyond the porticoes and white walls of the Malacanang Palace, some people wonder what might have happened to those aides judged snakelike and disloyal.
Sometimes it is a matter of finding a doctor or a lawyer.
But the seaport is much more than a hangout.
The coach in 1929 and 1930 was Leroy Andrews.
When some army members were ambushed in 1982, the army retaliated by killing civilian hostages.
To Ron Francis especially, the team's emergence as a playoff contender has performed a psychological healing job on nerves and instincts strained after four seasons of going, as he puts it, nowhere.
The average market value of the homes was $133,100, with 12.2 percent valued at $200,000 or more.
Coopervision attributed its second-quarter loss to weaker-than-anticipated demand in the contact lens business and costs incurred in January for the $348 million acquisition from the Rorer Group Inc. of the Richards Medical Company, a manufacturer of orthopedic devices, and Cilco Inc., an eye-care company.
Miss Tandy, in creamy lace, and Mr. Cronyn, her husband, were surrounded by well-wishers at the State Department dinner.
They are busy and have animals on their hands at the moment.''
At the time, the Mayor, in a testy tone, dismissed the queries.
''Prizzi's Honor'' was directed by Anjelica Huston's father and starred Jack Nicholson, her lover offscreen for the last decade.
The new Senate administration and its lawyer have accused Mr. Lowe of not having been a registered student and of having misused tens of thousands of dollars for personal business.
Mr. Bookin, in his opening arguments, said Mr. Galiber, who is black, was falsely identified as the majority shareholder in Jopel when he was actually a ''front'' for Mr. Masselli and the Schiavone Company.
If I feel that I can sing, I will.''
Julia Davidson and Patricia Chamberlain were two of Aithra's servants.
Mr. Herrmann told of scooping tons of dead fish and eels from the river, and finding a few live ones, their eyes popped out, gills collapsed and skin covered with wounds and sores.
He attended the Brooklyn Preparatory School and graduated from the Peddie School.
And the rest of this ''Die Fledermaus'' happily becomes the light confection it was meant to be.
Father Finn said he thought the Cardinal had spoken out because of ''the amazement he had when he found out there were some parishes where, because of the burden of schools, they were required to run multi-bingos, three or four times a week.''
In a statement apparently intended to assure investors that the company is coming to grips with its operating problems, G.M.
#7.Line a six-cup loaf pan lengthwise with one layer of eggplant slices.
Representative Douglas Bosco has a sure-fire way to bring jobs and profits to his northern California district.
Although some economists worry that the rapid growth of the money supply over the last seven months will translate into an inflation rate as high as 6 percent by the end of 1987, the consensus forecast assumes that worldwide excesses in manufacturing capacity, labor supply and the supply of commodities and raw materials will dampen inflationary pressures and keep inflation rates in the range of 4 to 4.5 percent and quite possibly lower for next year.
LEWIS GARDNER Sticker, spotted by Marvin Alexander of Manhattan, affixed to an electric hand dryer in a New Orleans International Airport men's room: WARNING DO NOT OPERATE WITH WET HANDS ELECTRICAL SHOCK HAZARD Department of how-to-tell-customers-the-item-they-ordered-is-unavailable-and-still-make-them-feel-good.
Asked who was charged with investigating, he said, ''I don't know.
Mr. Khashoggi served as a financial guarantor in some of the Iran purchases, with the Iranians paying him back through their representative, Manucher Ghorbanifar, according to bank documents and sources familiar with the financing.
They also include a letter signed by President Harry S. Truman in 1948 recognizing Israel; a 1892 women's suffrage petition from New Zealand, which was the first nation to grant women the right to vote, and a July 4, 1776, copy of the Declaration of Independence, which will be placed aboard the United States Coast Guard bark Eagle when it leads the tall ships parade on July 4.
Demographic change lies at the heart of a conflict that has daunted every peacemaker.
In addition to Europe, Chrysler has interests in Asia and Mexico.
''My writing is a conscious letter to myself,'' she said.
Why are Barbara and Henry divorcing?
Medical specialists said his skull had been fractured by 32 blows with a hammer.
GTE said it had ''no interest in this proposal.''
But I was still confident I could finish strongly.
''Perot is kind of a super-patriot,'' Mr. Crenna said.
After interviewing scores of people, he ascribed certain sightings to luminous marsh gas rather that something from space.
''The director of operations said 'I have to ask you to turn in your resignation.'
Although there are literally thousands of varieties to choose from, Ms. Phillips gravitates toward those imported from France or the Netherlands.
In the sample of 60 new renters, exactly half had been paying less than $1,000 a month previously and a quarter were paying less than $600 a month.
In 1985, small skin cancers were twice removed from his nose.
Now the name remains but it's on the wrong company.''
''There are some elements, but not proof,'' Interior Minister Oscar Luigi Scalfaro said.
''We deal mainly with visual impact,'' said a spokesman, Daniel Parke, noting that clients were willing to pay $10,000 or more for well-colored, well-formed specimens.
He and others in the business attribute the rising sales, in part, to the excitement over the Statue of Liberty centennial celebration this Fourth of July weekend.
Sexuality may not be the route to revolution, but without it we haven't got a chance, because we don't know how to resist the present system of social hierarchies or what to put in its place.
This time they to use a Sikorsky CH54 Skycrane helicopter owned by the Mississippi Army National Guard.
He devotes most of his time to searching for a data-base information company or similar venture in which to invest the $24 million in cash that he received from the sale.
Mr. Klein said Rockefeller money for the arts had ranged between $2 million and $4 million since the 1960's, usually closer to $4 million, although it was of course eroded by inflation during that period.
Collectibles languished as an alternative investment during the inflationary period of the early 80's.
Some pioneering courts in countries throughout the world that share England's legal heritage, including the United States, Canada and Australia, are holding that accountants and contractors and others owe legal duties to broad classes of third parties with whom they have never dealt.
Contacts With Communists In response to questions, Mr. Navarro said that while some of John Paul's critics saw him as closing off a philosophical dialogue with Marxism begun under Pope John XXIII, this view did not take into account the ways in which the Pope was in fact expanding contacts with Communist countries.
The most talented new cast member, Barbara Walsh, offers dazzling parodies of Bernadette Peters in ''Song & Dance'' and Barbra Streisand.
on every labor case that has violence in it is, to me, overreaching.''
To insure themselves of an adequate supply of these bonds, securities dealers took advantage of another provision in the new tax law to create their own brands.
West Germany ruled out economic sanctions against Libya today as other Western European countries reacted coolly to American calls for collective action against Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi's Government over charges that it supports terrorist groups.
Secret Service bodyguards far outnumbered the 45 graduates, who cheerfully braved heavy rains in a courtyard ceremony today to see and hear the famous father of their 18-year-old classmate, Princess Zein.
''It's like watching Dwight Gooden pitch,'' said Mr. Forstmann, referring to the Mets star.
''We are concerned about how well the city is positioned to deal with problems that may develop,'' particularly if there is an economic slowdown.
The dealer will want to make some profit on the deal, a profit that you could pocket yourself with a little extra effort.
[ Page A1: Column 6. ]
Senator Simpson noted that the White House ''was in turmoil'' on its foreign journey and that in one key telephone call the President's advisers were speaking from the kitchen of President Suharto of Indonesia.
The warm evening air of Dakar and a sincere welcome seem to embrace us at the home of a Senegalese pharmacist we have never met before.
There is no reason to assume that Connecticut will not suffer a proportionate share of that shortage.
James C. Fletcher, Administrator of NASA, told the committee he could not comment in detail because he had not yet received the G.A.O.
''There's nothing I'd rather be doing than running America West,'' he said.
Representative John E. Martin, speaker of the Maine House of Representatives, said, ''There is no reason that anyone, whether the lowest of Maine citizens in terms of economic income or one of the richest, albeit a corporation, or anyone else, needs to be put through what this corporation has been put through.''
Others say such views are greatly overstated.
A series of at least six other reported harassments of women and burglaries followed, the police said.
He apologizes for ''this trifle'' when giving a gift, even if it is a gold watch.
The Uruguayans were asked to behave themselves against Argentina, but were called for 33 fouls, against 31 for the Argentines, who won, 1-0.
He bought a funhouse mirror and used it to make his renowned series of nude ''Distortions.''
Both houses of the General Assembly - 36 State Senators and 151 State Representatives - are up for re-election.
Scientists at Biogen used samples of the animal material to identify the gene for the closely similar human substance.
The officers supported Mrs. Aquino's contention and that of the Roman Catholic Church that there were ''serious indications that the people's will had been thwarted'' by fraud, terrorism and murder.
Mr. McGuire succeeds Robert W. Selleck, who was elected chairman and will remain chief executive.
Dr. Bihova recommends first tissuing off the cream, then rinsing and, if necessary, swabbing the nose, forehead and chin with a cotton ball soaked in astringent.
''It is very important that Marcos's strongman image be exposed because he has claimed that he alone has the solution for the Philippines,'' said Mr. Alvarez.
The Z-181 developed by Mr. Dilworth's team uses a technology called ''supertwist'' to make the display much more readable than any other liquid crystal display on the market.
That option became more likely, the sources said, in the last few weeks when Jay Pritzker, the Chicago investor, reportedly offered to bankroll Control Data.
b-After an extraordinary credit of $756,000 for the quarter and 6 months.
The dispute today centered on a proposal by the Assembly Speaker, Stanley Fink, to change the way proceeds from a mortgage-recording tax are distributed.
With nearly 5.3 million shares traded, it rose 1/4, to 24 3/4.
What is odd is that so many Americans are eager to dismiss such a plausible story as silly mythology.
There is no stomach in either people to overturn it.
Main courses, $6.95 to $19.95.
(''Russians in Paris, 1900-30'' was one of their first exhibitions.
'A Manager's Dream' Mr. Wilkes understands his constituents and their reticence about his ideas.
A Japanese gardener aspires not to copy nature, but to create symbols and nurture reflection.
Curt Lonberg of Manhattan sent a check for $200, along with a note, saying, ''I hope you will best last year's record.''
Between their own overeagerness to score and Vernon's insistence that they fail, the Oilers couldn't generate a serious threat.
Paintings, said Jamie Wyeth, are actually a ''by-product'' of something else: the act of ''distilling it down,'' of ''expending yourself'' in trying to express an esthetic vision.
Not because he was suspected of having been a Nazi, but because he represented a change, a change from socialism, a turn toward the free market.''
From there, Nicklaus almost holed the ball and just tapped in a short putt for the birdie 4.
''New York State feels very strongly that our laws meet the Congressional intent,'' said Kathleen Meehan, a spokesman for Governor Cuomo.
A toothbrush, mirror and comb lay near the body of a young Iranian killed by machine-gun fire.
So I'm thinking a lot about her these days.''
Police commanders say they have forgotten just why the officers started baby-sitting the machines.
The 24th game resumes Thursday.
The board would serve as a check on agents who have been ''picking the pockets'' of players and leading them into bankruptcy.
Delaware Valley 5, Upsala 0 John Ford kicked a 26-yard field goal with 8:57 to play after Delaware Valley had scored on a safety in the second period in the Mid Atlantic Conference game.
A specially prepared Government brochure, in English, addressed France's image, which is widely viewed as tarnished in American eyes by fears of terrorist attacks here and anger over France's refusal to allow American planes to fly over France on bombing runs to Libya in April.
Mr. Gorbachev's news conference in Reykjavik, which was shown live in the Soviet Union, ended too late on Sunday to be printed in today's newspapers.
Originally the shipping department also operated out of that space, but recently it was moved to New Jersey.
It cannot but inspire further attention to Wagner, an architect who has never really gotten the attention he deserves, even with the revival of Viennese culture that has been with us in the last few years.
Public figures do get special privileges.
Dave Durenberger, the Minnesota Republican who is chairman of the Senate Environment subcommittee on environmental oversight, said the report confirmed that ''the prudent action would be to lower the dose of chemicals and pollutants injected into the atmosphere.''
(Open every day, admission free except for the Omnimax movie, which costs $4.)
On other macro zoom lenses, such as the 28-to-85-millimeter Nikkor Zoom Lens, which costs $470, focusing from infinity to super close-up is continuous.
But, of course, the true significance of the trial goes far beyond this personal aspect, and even beyond its particular historical importance.
Mr. Gorbachev's letter, according to the official, said in essence that ''we need to continue the dialogue, we need to make progress on the issues before us.''
RING LARDNER JR. New York
A top aide to Representative Mario Biaggi called the Federal Small Business Administration in 1981 on behalf of Wedtech, a Bronx military contractor that had hired a law firm associated with the Congressman, according to a Government memorandum.
Mr. Trampler had his intonation under better control than it sometimes is, but at least in the large space of Tully Hall, the piece sounded bland.
There are linemen on other teams who are celebrated because they are as huge as a certain well-stocked household appliance, and with the capacity to eat all its contents in a single sitting.
Conner's reaction to such criticism is quick and to the point: ''How many America's Cup races has he sailed in?''
The United States has bought about a third of its proposed arsenal of 758 missiles, known as Tomahawks, which have a range of 1,500 miles and can attack targets on land.
The Mother Superior, who, in a wild revelation, turns out to be Agnes's aunt, is going to protect the girl.
Mr. Infante, an exile himself - he left Cuba in the 60's, and now lives in England - has some entertaining first-hand anecdotes about Castro, of a generally unflattering nature.
But the House leadership is not backing down.
Mrs. Kitahara stresses that her method does not cure the disease, but says it helps the sufferers become calm and productive people.
''He has to make sure,'' said Senator Daniel J. Evans, a Washington Republican, ''that he has a bulwark of conservative support as a basis from which to move.''
As to the so-called ''Gemayel forces,'' they are not truly so.
''I guess we've known this all along, expecting the worst,'' Ms. Hofherr said.
That was proof, he argued, that his opposition to the bill was not simply an attempt to ''impose Catholic morality on society.''
''I played the match over in my head last night and I didn't get to sleep until 1 A.M.'' Miss Navratilova said she sensed Mrs. Lloyd's tentativeness at the start of the match.
I invented a character who eludes me.''
There was a huge picture window facing the ocean, with a room-length window seat, deep set, that had wooden louvers at each end to catch the almost constant sea breezes.
On the last day of the session, Bob Dole, the Senate Republican leader, told the Democratic leader, Senator Robert C. Byrd, on the floor that Mr. Reagan intended to make only one minor recess appointment while the Senate was out of session.
'Carrot and Stick' Approach Reacting to this, White House officials said that the tactics were shifting to a ''carrot and stick'' approach with the Administration, over the next few days, seeking to reach out to Democratic legislators and argue that an aid package for the rebels ''will facilitate having successful negotiations'' with Nicaragua.
He said the operation, which lost $16 million in 1984, had failed to meet business expectations and would be phased out in the next few weeks.
The latest killings brought to at least 84 the number of people killed in 17 days of emergency rule, about the same as during a comparable period before the emergency.
It is paralyzing Mozambique's economic efforts and worsening the lot of ordinary people as the rebels aim at economic targets as well as production, health and educational services, according to aid workers.
Among my favorite discoveries was: And where do you think I found her?
The university plans a review of the program, following the loss of Earl Kelley, a star senior, who was declared academically ineligible Feb. 14.
Unless you're in a highly technical area, and it tells you a lot, it has a very limited interest base.''
''But it's the only alternative we have.''
What we're particularly interested in - and perhaps I should get into the details on the joint here - from a corrosion aspect.
Since the sound film showed the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo in a complete performance of Leonide Massine's ''Gaite Parisienne,'' one of the most popular comic ballets of our century, the smiles came as no surprise.
Yet, as the fiscal rhetoric increases, disbelief deepens in the absence of convincing action either from the President or Congress on taxes or Government spending, military or social.
''This is the most important milestone in the development of the festival,'' said Mr. Segal, who has just finished five years as chairman of the board of Lincoln Center and is the festival's founder.
And in the last stanza of the moving poem ''To the River,'' he offers a Stoic's prayer for the attainment of such changelessness himself: river teach me stubbornness and endurance so in the last hour I become worthy of rest in the shade of the great delta in the holy triangle of the beginning and of the end.
The organization is to review each month the care delivered by doctors at 168 military hospitals worldwide.
The 1.1 percent food price rise was due largely to a 5.4 percent surge in beef and veal prices, an 11.8 percent rise in fruit prices, a 6.3 percent rise in vegetable prices and a 12.6 percent increase in egg prices.
Secretary Baker said today on the ABC News program ''This Week'' that the Senate bill ''already grants a substantial amount of relief to the middle class.''
They do it better than anyone else.
One filmgoer, Adam Robinson, found himself sitting across the aisle from Jennifer Beals and Jodie Foster.
Every day, Miss Taylor said, she steps on the scale and tries to keep her weight between 123 and 125 pounds.
The spokesman, Ed Spannaus, noted that there is less than a month before Election Day.
An Illness A growing belief in society that drug abuse is an illness rather than a moral deficiency also bring the problem forward, health care workers said.
That meant the distance medley team he was scheduled to anchor was also disqualified, costing Villanova almost sure points.
Paul Coffey of the Oilers was held pointless in his bid to tie Bobby Orr's single-season record of 139 points for a defenseman.
The school psychologist, Dr. Maryanne Q.
The major league record is held by Bobby Bonds of the San Francisco Giants with 11 in 1973.
The concept of joint and several liability makes any single defendant responsible for all the damages, if the other parties are insolvent, even though those other parties should have shouldered most of the blame.
2.Combine shallots, tarragon, vinegar, 2 tablespoons of the water and pepper in a saucepan and bring to the boil.
at a reported $1.3 million a year.
It may be so high that we seem almost to be pitching into the streets - a point of view that suggests an early Russian film.
That is neither brave nor noble; on the contrary, it besmirches everything good he accomplished at the White House.
The tour takes in the United States Military Academy at West Point, Albany, Saratoga Springs, N.Y., Kennebunkport, Me., Portsmouth, N.H. and Salem, Mass.
But she believes now that her brothers honed the New England grit underneath her twinkle-eyed tanned face.
Wildly varying voting strengths between rural and urban districts led the courts to declare the 1983 election unconstitutional, although they let the results stand.
''I like black because it's easy and chic,'' says Christa Miller, an actress and model who also works as a publicist at the preppy Upper East Side nightclub, the Zulu Lounge.
After the deal is completed, Mr. Levine will continue as president and chief executive, but Alan Goldberg, chairman, will become a consultant.
2 1 63 IACOCCA: An Autobiography, by Lee Iacocca with William Novak.
He said he suspected tha author of the anonymous letter was someone unfamiliar with the system, partly because the author mispelled Mr. McCay's name in the letter.
The supporting cast was a team of ''footmen'' dressed in green velvet costumes and tricorn hats of the court of Louis XV, a tie-in to the Met's new Francois Boucher exhibition.
They talk - via comic strip blurbs - in standard Philistine-ese about each work.
The new Senate leadership has decided to expand the prestigious Foreign Relations Committee to 20 members from 17.
Patchwork quilts range from less than $100 to $600.
As of yesterday, though, the club's top two draft picks - both offensive linemen - were unsigned.
Design industry professionals, in town for the annual residential and contract buyers' week, will trek across the bridge today for the opening of the second building in the International Design Center of New York.
''I thought we could beat Oklahoma if they gave us some chances, turned the ball over.
There are many other routes to an assertive independence.
It should be possible to mobilize ferries, excursion boats and barges, very similar to Marshall Petain's mobilization of the taxicabs to save Paris in World War I.
''Congress has never gone along with that, but they've come close.''
As a corollary, we have ''bombed out'' the human values we verbally profess, and our films are among the casualties.
That's an obvious void that ought to be filled.
After interning in London, he set up a practice in Detroit.
The Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation, which has been considering going private, just this week adopted a ''stockholder rights'' plan aimed at making it prohibitively expensive for an unfriendly suitor to buy the company.
The year result also include a gain of $41.8 million from the sale of two subsidiaries.
'Have Not Been Talked to' ''No, we have not been talked to, and in any event, the President would not be talked to,'' he said.
It's a terrible situation and what we need to be thinking about is what to do about it.
These the Soviet Union has observed.
''A lot of things the club doesn't understand.
Failing that, dispensing sterile needles and syringes might also help.
''Even though medically your detached retina is apparently fully healed,'' the letter said, ''the danger of redetachment, and of permanent total blindness, remains a great risk.''
Its first success, in 1978, was the birth of a baby girl in England.
It turned out good for us, didn't it?''
He met Philippa through Helen Winkler, an employee of the Menil Foundation.
''I don't know what the reaction meant,'' Dr. DeVries said, ''but it did sadden him that one of his friends did not make it.''
The duo's touring band offered merely functional support.
''One of my players got hit and went out to show he won't be intimidated.''
's proposed alternatives suggest methods of limiting the radiation.
The deadline for filing for arbitration was midnight last night, and with only a few hours left before the deadline, 155 players had filed on the final day, making a record total of 159.
OSSINING - Trinity Church, 7 South Highland Ave., 10 A.M. today, organ prelude: ''O Glory Laud and Honor'' by Bach, ''St.
After six meetings in two days, the exchange was completed tonight by Joe McIlvaine, vice president of the Mets, and Jack McKeon, general manager of the Padres, renowned as one of the freest traders in baseball.
Senator Spark M. Matsunaga, Democrat of Hawaii and a member of the conference committee, said: ''They say there are only two certainties in life, taxes and death.
The series of arms limitation talks that lead to the 1979 treaty were commonly known as SALT II.
Repeat this action several more times as you work your way to the backbone, pulling the flesh away with your free hand as you go.
A 10-day Youth Ecology Camp ($550) for those aged 10 through 15 gets under way June 16.
To the Editor: While generally supportive of the thrust of ''Catholicism, Liberation and Democracy'' (editorial, April 10), I want to call attention to one possible misinterpretation.
''Our research showed us that the one video people specifically tuned in to watch was Michael Jackson's 'Thriller.'
In South Africa, he continues, ''that price, paid in human lives and in suffering, increases with every day the struggle rages on.''
Senior American officials said that the Russians sometimes talked in angry terms in public and then negotiated seriously in private and that there was no reason to conclude that the arms control process had been upset.
Later in New York, a pound cost $1.4077, up from Friday's $1.3965.
Some believe that his tactics leave no room for the compromise that generally ends disputes, that he is not a team player and that he often takes the spotlight from labor leaders.
This early confidence has been badly shaken by the wave of bombings.
Then the sanitation union says, ''No way are we going to cart off all those rotting bananas because it would mean refusing to honor a picket line.''
But, if not, they're very vocal about that, too.
Warrants were issued for the records of the New York Carting Company on Staten Island; April/Cotoia Enterprises in Maspeth, Queens; Big Apple Leasing Corporation of Medford, L.I., and Star Container Company, Colt Container Service, Mitran Associates and S.V.F.
John, the veteran left-hander who is making his last stand with the Yankees, pitched three superb innings today in their 3-2 loss to the Montreal Expos.
But it has not eliminated the myths surrounding firings.
After Clancy walked Reggie Jackson with one out in the ninth, Mark Eichhorn, pitching in relief, gave up a single to Rob Wilfong before picking up his fifth save.
Experiments and criticisms based on the assumption that an animal is a kind of machine tried to eliminate emotional relationship and emotional reward from the attempt to find out if the ape brain could be programmed for language.
And most important, whether we were trying to find ourselves or to save the world, our hearts were in the right place.
#7.Beat the egg whites until stiff.
Steve Honzo, a former college referee who officiated in all three divisions of the N.C.A.A.
Dr. Teller's technical judgment in the case of the fusion or hydrogen bomb was similarly flawed.
After the Congressional action, Air Force officials who oversee the development of the antisatellite system decided to ''restructure'' the program.
''The hemoglobin of blood is actually a lousy oxygen carrier to start with,'' Dr. Benesch said.
The issue of extermination was reduced to a question of problem solving, like some movie on industrial efficiency gone mad.''
For non-fans, however, his earnest introspection may sound like self-indulgence.
Six days after his indictment on charges related to the Citisource bribery scandal, the company's chairman, Marvin B. Kaplan, tried to transfer $400,000 in retirement funds from another company to his stockbroker's account, prosecutors said yesterday.
WARM weather brings with it many welcome things, but some unwelcome ones as well.
She soon spotted a vacant building ''around the corner from where everyone lives,'' she said, ''but there were vacancies all over the avenue.''
The next day the White House and State Department qualified Mr. Reagan's comments, saying there had been a misunderstanding because what Mr. Botha had actually proposed was a meeting dealing with regional economic and security issues, and not apartheid.
No authorities have suggested that Moscow has conducted tests during the moratorium.
Isn't there a warmer way to get $52 off a bank's books?
Banc One also recently remodeled a branch in Kingsdale, Ohio, outside Columbus, into a financial supermarket where customers can deposit money, sell their homes, buy insurance, make travel plans, buy or sell stocks and open trusts.
Awards From the Y Feb. 24 - Young, male and Christian no longer describes the Young Men's Christian Association, the worldwide organization that provides programs ranging from yachting courses to day-care and physical-fitness centers without regard to age, sex or religion.
''Neither of us was playing startling golf,'' he said.
There are fewer companies as a result of the consolidations and the fallout of small companies.
Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the former Deputy Director of the Parking Violations Bureau, has been charged with extortion.
Wears Protective Jacket As a result of these varied injuries, he reluctantly decided to wear a modified flak jacket this season.
The Mets made costly trades to acquire platoon players to complement others.
* Bethlehem Steel Corp., Bethlehem, Pa., said its base price for strip mill plate would be increased by $12 a ton, to $362, effective with Aug. 31 shipments.
The portrait up for bidding next Thursday - in the afternoon session of an all-day sale, at 10:15 A.M. and 2 P.M. -is expected to bring from $1 million to $1.5 million.
But he did rule that the unions could pursue their claim that some members of the board and management were part of a conspiracy to sell the airline to Mr. Lorenzo.
''The country went through a great deal of pain to reduce inflation, with no economic growth from 1978 through 1982.''
Rich (Goose) Gossage, whose fiery criticism of the San Diego ownership resulted in his suspension, will be back with the Padres tonight in Houston.
The artist, in a telephone interview from his summer home in Cushing, Me., was elaborating on comments published Saturday in the Courier-Gazette in nearby Rockland.
Libya expelled 32,000 Tunisian workers and dependents last year in a quarrel that led to a rupture of diplomatic ties.
The documentary feature award was won by ''Broken Rainbow,'' in which a federal relocation program pits Hopi and Navajo Indians against energy development.
Mammy's Fruit Cakes are so heavy ''the post office won't take them.''
Diverting the portion of S.B.S.
The cards are intended for much more than travel.
The city began civil action yesterday against a developer who demolished a historic Queens house without a permit, several weeks before it was to be considered for landmark status.
We've already mentioned several of them.
(Among the excursions are visits to antebellum homes and historical sites of particular interest to Civil War buffs.)
Just outside in the night, listening to the miasma of vote numbers being piped out on speakers, were crowds of anxious Filipinos camping for the third night in hope of hearing a certain result in their presidential election.
Each pitcher is measured by how many earned runs fewer - or more -than the league average he allows, a statistic The Times has carried under the label ''earned runs prevented'' since 1984.
The road to building an organization capable of transforming the neighborhood was not an easy one to trod.
Karl F. Koecher, a Czechoslovak-born translator, was convicted of spy charges and jailed before he was traded to the East as part of the swap that freed the Soviet dissident Anatoly B. Shcharansky.
''People were writing my horse off after the Derby, saying that he had been a phony favorite,'' said Stute.
Lorimar-Telepictures is clearly betting that the stations' cash flow next year will be enough to cover the $140 million blended cash interest costs and dividend payments.
The Government denied the rumor.
These are Johnny, the teen-ager who falls in love with her; Carolina, the bright, emotionally troubled elder daughter, and Teresa, the pretty, spoiled, youngest child.
I see that he is patient.
Miss Fernandez is even represented by a member of the Evert family, Mrs. Lloyd's younger brother, John.
''I took the van to the woods near here,'' said Mears.
What the CBS changes finally will mean is still unclear, although it is certain that putting the Senators on television will alter their behavior and political environment.
''But the A's got a run in the first and another in the third when I got a couple of pitches out over the plate to Reggie Jackson, who hit a double to left-center and another double to right-center,'' Seaver said.
A grand jury indictment says churches were used as way stations in an underground railroad that smuggled Guatemalans and Salvadorans to various United States cities, including Philadelphia and Los Angeles.''
And the problems are growing worse.
If you have the stomach for it, Brian Masters has carefully organized this frequently horrifying but always fascinating investigation into a murderer's mind.
The Orange hope is with the Don McPherson-Scott Schwedes passing combination.
What follows is the first excerpt, culled from his own remarks, of what the Mayor has said he is not: * An ideologue * A wacko * A dope * An oracle * A punching bag * Mr. Humble Pie
At the end of the day in New York, the dollar was up to 154.35 yen from Friday's 154.03 yen.
5 job, and now may be asked to pitch at Tidewater in the International League or may be traded.
Many Long Islanders have become involved in hunger projects this week because of the late Harry Chapin.
said James Patrick, the Ranger defenseman.
But the engagement will show more than simply the influence of Denishawn on Miss Graham.
Student Fees The Court let stand a Federal appellate decision that struck down a system at Rutgers University under which students were required to pay refundable $4 fees to support New Jersey Public Interest Research Group, a student group originally inspired by the consumer advocate Ralph Nader.
Such guests as Secretary of State George P. Shultz and Charles Z. Wick, the head of the United States Information Agency, and Beverly Sills, who is bringing her New York City Opera to Wolf Trap performing arts center next week, had to wash down their dollops of caviar and slices of smoked salmon with club soda, orange juice and Coca-Cola (Classic vintage).
Lexcen came under fire from the New York Yacht Club in 1983 for his reported complicity with Dutch analysts in designing Australia II.
Loan losses ''have been killing the institutions in the last year and will make the difference to their success in the coming year,'' said Carter W. Brown, chief executive at the Omega Group, a San Franciso-based bank consultant.
If the individual has received at least one dose of influenza vaccine since 1978-79, one dose is sufficient (children between 6 and 35 months are given a smaller dose).
Members of Congress, officials and lawyers claimed most of the 198 reserved seats at the argument, for which the Court allowed twice the usual amount of time.
Charters are not for everybody.
Bronx Democratic leaders are to meet today to discuss Mr. DeMarco's demand for the ouster of top aides of Stanley Friedman.
In addition to suggesting that states take control of educationally ''bankrupt'' schools, the governors supported the idea of establishing a national board to set standards for teachers.
The Palestinians said they would go along.
No one says the fallout will be as severe this time.
There was no comment today from the American oil producers here, which include U.S. Steel's Marathon, Amerada Hess, Du Pont's Conoco and W.R. Grace's oil subsidiary.
With a lag in export demand, United States supplies have grown to record levels.
Mrs. Reagan told the group she was encouraged by the recent wave of attention paid to drug issues by the media, politicians and the public.
While the Reagan Administration is consulting with its allies about what proposals to make to the Soviet Union for a new arms treaty, American and Soviet officials in Geneva are playing out a quiet little drama over the fate of old arms treaties and the body set up to resolve differences over them: the Standing Consultative Commission.
''I remember Norm Larker, who had the worst temper on that 1962 team, used to kick his own fan.
A Tougher Argument But even this acrimony is overshadowed by arguments raging between the United States and Japan.
Statewide, 3.8 million Democrats are eligible to vote, but Democratic leaders are talking of a turnout of 700,000, less than 20 percent.
''It gives me inspiration to go back down there and do all I can.''
* 3 3 12 I NEVER PLAYED THE GAME, by Howard Cosell with Peter Bonventre.
In the second inning, Mulholland walked two more batters.
They're also giving the stores and the designers good indications of what people will really be wearing in the months to come.
Before there were roads, Connecticut was settled according to accessibility by water.
In takeover-related news, USX jumped 1 1/8, to 27 5/8, and led the Big Board's most-active list on a volume of 11.2 million shares.
Among those questions are whether drug therapies help or hurt, whether counseling should be directed by ex-addicts or by professional psychotherapists, which patients need to be hospitalized and whether former cocaine addicts should abstain permanently from even social drinking.
A contingent of 11 sponsors has been pulled together, such companies as Coca-Cola, Gillette, the Japanese electronics manufacturer JVC and Reynolds Tobacco.
But their larger purpose is to give typical prices for far humbler items: biscuit tins, paper fans, plastic radios, G.I.
Ronald Reagan, like Jimmy Carter before him, campaigned against Washington, against the bureaucracy, against a stereotyped Federal nitpicker.
John took it from there in his first appearance in two months following his recovery from an inflamed heel that some people in the organization suspected might end his 23-year career.
A few months later will arrive 90 minutes of music, each piece preceded by ''Ein, zwei, drei'' -Spence's countdown to his 65-piece German-speaking orchestra.
The evening will include a reading by Mr. Shapiro of a special tribute to Mr. Hejduk called ''House (Blown Apart).''
He went on to predict that Johnson would escalate the war, that the escalation would fail, that the United States would have to negotiate and that President Johnson would have to choose him, Averell Harriman, to be the negotiator because of his record of negotiating with the Russians.
officials said yesterday that the company would remain committed to its no-layoff policy.
The log press can also be ordered through the Brookstone catalogue, 5 Vose Farm Road, Peterborough, N.H. 03458; 603-924-9511.
Cleveland State came here with a 27-3 record in something called the Association of Mid-Continent Universities, otherwise known as AMCU-8.
''And fabricating, making sheet and so on, is more profitable, but a strike would create shortages of metal to feed their fabricating operations later on.''
I answered ''Steps'' and was told to try again.
$18,000 a Year, a Car or Two For the average citizen, that means an income of about $18,000 a year, a car or two and all the other consumer goods of the affluent.
The summerlong drama over interest rates, the dollar and the course of the world economy shifts this week to Washington, where promises that countries would devise a better way to run the economy are now in doubt.
On Jan. 27, 1022, St. Thierry was buried there.
New Jersey, New York and Massachusetts, like Connecticut, intend to renovate some of the scores of buildings that were shut down in the 1970's.
Evening and weekend tickets for the film are $25; weekday matinees, $20.
This is less a novel than a series of benevolent musings; it's a bit thin, perhaps, but also thoughtful and thoroughly civilized.
By 1930, ''Lamentation,'' executed with sharp dramatic power by Joyce Herring,'' is already a modernist distillation.
General Ershad said he would lift martial law as soon as the Parliament ratifies a measure that would legalize all the actions taken under his rule.
The frozen orange juice market snapped back from a three-month-long price fall and closed 1.35 to 1.90 cents a pound higher.
BERRIES and summer go hand in hand, the one evoking the other as naturally as strawberries and cream.
Religious Affairs Minister Zevulun Hammer said that although he personally was against singling out converts, the ruling presented a quandary by opening up the question, ''Who is a Jew?''
Residential development in the Seaport Historic District has been of particular concern to those involved in the area's revival, from architects and developers who want to move ahead with projects to shopkeepers who would like to see their pool of customers supplemented by area residents.
''It will take longer,'' she said.
''The Office of Policy and Management's attitude is that it welcomes growth in the state,'' Mayor Guerra said.
When trading ended Friday, the Dow industrials were knocking on the door of 1,700.
As he studied the documents, Mr. Kitzmiller said he was struck by the ''incredible quality'' of the early lawmakers and the dedication they brought to their work.
We tried to work out a satisfactory arrangement but they felt they needed a Jimmy Connors or Boris Becker to replace John.
Although American officials have linked Nicaragua to the terrorism in Bogota - a charge denied by the Nicaraguan Government - it was the first time the President had addressed the issue in a detailed way.
This would have failed and so would the contract, for West would have squeezed South by leading his heart winners.
The bride, who will retain her name, is an assistant district attorney in Manhattan.
Syndicate: Consorzio Italia Boat: Italia Sponsor: Yacht Club Italiano Skipper: Aldo Migliaccio Budget: $8.6 million Headquarters: Milan The Italia syndicate entered the world of America's Cup in style.
Mr. Moore, 66, the first vice president, had 17,898 votes, or 45.8 percent, a slightly better showing than he made in his unsuccessful bid for the presidency last year in Dallas.
Nadezhda Pavlova and Aleksei Fadeyechev of the Bolshoi Ballet will dance with the Joffrey Ballet on April 1 in the gala performance that opens the Joffrey's three-week, 30th anniversary season at the New York State Theater.
A message attached to one of the bouquets read: ''Many white South Africans feel a profound sense of sadness and shame at what happened in Soweto in 1976, and what continues to happen in 1986, and would like to express this in some way.
They create complete fictional worlds for the reader, but their wholeness has the pleasing irregularity of something found in nature.
HASENFUS SAYS HE IS GUILTY MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Oct. 21 (AP) - Eugene Hasenfus told an interviewer today that he was guilty of the charges brought against him Monday by a Nicaraguan court.
''If there was such a plane here, it would not be kept out in the open,'' he said.
Mr. Horning also expressed doubt that the solution could be found by trying to create semiautonomous computer programs that would be less susceptible to a huge, central failure, as General Abrahamson has suggested.
Some wear caps that are a cross between the Scottish glengarry and a bishop's miter, others have their hair combed into crests that bring to mind the singer Patti LaBelle; and still others have appendages on either side of the face that could be either trimmings attached to the caps or braids.
But they agree that unless there is a major turnabout in the next few days, this spring's elections for the 32 nine-member boards promises to be the least-contested ever, in both issues and candidates.
Those fabrics have enough character for her scissors to cut them into the rounded architectural lines that make her clothes distinctive in this era of fashion minimalism.
On the Giants' 9-2 record: ''Big deal.''
The Stealth bomber seems to have broad bipartisan support in Congress and the Defense Department, and barring technical obstacles, it is very likely to go into production, analysts say.
The Exxon Corporation recently offered $9 million for Mr. Marks's patents, and for Phototherm, the small company that controls them, according to Gerard J. Aitken 3d, chairman of Phototherm's board.
''What we need is national cohesion at this time,'' he said as Hindu lawmakers jeered.
Mr. Halleck and his wife, Blanche, were ardent sports fishermen.
Through the din, she heard the first words, finally, of a nearby passenger who had mutely obeyed each order of the hijackers.
It was the third straight dramatic triumph for New England, which has won seven games in a row.
''I was wondering how I was going to get filthy rich,'' he recounted with a grin.
There are seven categories of child-abuse allegations, including sexual abuse, in which agency procedure requires immediate notification of the District Attorney's office.
President Reagan's proposed defense against missiles has encountered a technical obstacle that will almost certainly limit its shape and performance.
According to a University of California, Berkeley, nutrition newsletter, raw mushrooms also contain substances called hydrazines, some of which have caused cancer in animals; most of them can be destroyed by cooking or drying.
In practice, all appointments are preordained by the two top bodies, which make up the leadership.
What does Biondi do for an encore?
Add the broth, stirring rapidly with the whisk.
''The paper was full of others in the same price range all over the area.
Citing increases in malpractice suits, he added, ''In truth, we have become a blaming society.''
''We felt that was a convincing number,'' said Eleanor Arnold, the group's vice president, ''since only about 6,500 voted in the last general election.''
Early Meeting Now Doubted These remarks appear to take Mr. Gorbachev's reservations about a meeting a step beyond his earlier hesitation, and American officials believe they preclude a meeting before the Congressional elections in November.
The judge, Ronald Swearinger of Superior Court, affirmed the July 22 verdict that awarded $25 million in punitive damages and $5 million in compensatory damages to a former Scientologist, Larry Wollersheim.
Could Be 'a Catalyst' ''As far as relieving congestion at river crossings, this service is a drop in the bucket,'' Mr. Marcus said.
Take Beech Street, he suggested.
In conversation, Richard Darman is always attempting a fresh metaphor to explain the experience of strategizing and negotiating that obviously gives joy to his life.
He would grow up to become the principal of a Cincinnati high school.
Now people are seeing what happens in Washington when there isn't enough of that.''
Opponents said they still hoped to defeat Mr. Manion, a former state legislator in Indiana.
Mr. Edgar hopes to capitalize on Mr. Specter's votes against two of President Reagan's conservative judicial nominees, Jefferson B.
The smallest tenant of all is the cash machine, the terminal that spits money out of a slot.
This is true, but not the whole story.
Issue of Intellectual Freedom The announcement Monday afternoon that Father Curran's license to teach would be revoked has only served to stoke the debate.
Beverly is one of only three Massachusetts towns where the police have used hidden video cameras.
A metal plate blocks out that part of the chimney that is not occupied by the metal pipe.
There will be performances by three deaf artists -Michael R. Jolliffe, a Washington mime; Jimmy Turner, a dancer and choreographer, and Mary Beth Miller, an actress and storyteller - and the trio will be on hand June 21 at the Lehman Center for the Performing Arts.
Monday's game against the Angels had been changed from a 7:30 P.M. start to 8 o'clock to accommodate national television.
Benjamin Wiener, president of Probe International, a company that provides corporations with research on political risk abroad, says: ''You have to start out with a very cold and cruel assumption that if an organization is targeted, and if the terrorist groups have money and are willing to risk their own lives, more likely than not they will get their target.''
''I'm really his alter ego.
One New York Islander player was arrested following a Stanley Cup celebration a few years back.
If that failed, either party could then call for nonbinding mediation, probably to be conducted by the American Arbitration Assocation.
Foreign inverts include examples from Argentina, Bolivia, Canada, Rhodesia and Uruguay.
The event is seldom contested outside the United States, and no official world record is recognized.
To make matters dicier, the Mets have no reserve catcher at the moment.
Following the above approach, it wouldn't be until one was sloshing through the muck - or snow - the following morning, that one would wonder if one's waders had deteriorated over the winter.
One said to me: ''I can't understand.
Two weeks ago, the jail ran out of underwear for women, with no new supplies due in until the end of February.
But experts do not think the United States will be a major player in the next generation of ordinary memory chips, and high-technology-manufacturing jobs will become even scarcer.
Most experts say that number has risen greatly since then.
Bias was born in Washington, raised in nearby Landover, Md., and attended Northwestern High School, less than a mile from the Maryland campus.
''They see sophisticated design all over - on the streets, in department stores, in magazines, and many want this for themselves, in their own spaces.''
He did what unmanned military satellites do today over cold war territory.
Justice Department officials in Washington provided a copy of the suit, which was filed in Federal court for the Northern District of California in San Jose, where the FMC Ordnance Division is situated.
''I didn't have any choice,'' Piniella said.
It has made it possible for the borough to compete for companies with major space needs.
Both Senators Dumont and Raymond J. Zane, Democrat of the Third District (Salem County and parts of Cumberland and Gloucester Counties), say that S. 294 is ''only fair'' because P.L.
As Brown's criticisms mounted, Walker's play deteriorated.
The $10 fee covers the canoe rental and instruction.
Moreover, municipal revenues would take a beating from the home port.
They call for desegregation of workplaces, equal employment practices, training for nonwhites, social services for black workers and the promotion of trade unions.
Hughes is spending $21 million to build new genetics and molecular biology laboratories at Rockefeller University.
''It's a very upbeat type of paraphernalia.
A Municipal Court jury deliberated for two hours before reaching its verdict.
Even Ted Jr. may have some passing doubts, but his father will not relent: ''This family that you and I belong to has had some golden moments and some dark days.
Dr. Hagerty went to Drexel from the University of Texas, where he was dean of the college of engineering and director of the bureau of engineering and research.
On the order's 150th anniversary in America, the Hibernians' sentimental favorite for grand marshal this year is apparently Al O'Hagan of Brooklyn, state secretary for the order, to which he has belonged for 35 years.
But, more than he knows, he is loved.
The imperial wizard explained a little about the Klan - ''We want the white man to run this country,'' he said - and promised to put the caller in touch with a nearby Klansman.
officials are now worried about health claims running riot.
Recent rocket failures, effectively shutting down the space industry, reinforce the notion that public-sector policies toward space development are ineffective.
As a collection, it does not seem to make any point except as an excuse for reissuing some records that don't fit readily into other collections.
In a recent investment letter, for example, Drexel Burnham Lambert told its clients, ''Piper will either break even or be discontinued this fiscal year.
And he was able to form an analysis of the process by which an individual sworn to the art of healing becomes a professional mass killer.
Even 14-year-olds I have met know many cases are not prosecuted; that many are plea-bargained; that many result in probation or suspended sentences.
Very few of Spider's closest friends knew he battled cancer for the past eight years.
Charles Novack, United's manager of corporate communications, said the union had offered to lengthen the time for reaching wage parity to four years from its originally proposed 18 months, but he said the union also wanted the airline to eliminate the two-tier wage scale.
But Bennett began hitting from the corner, and the Wildcats ran off 8 consecutive points before L.S.U.
The tennis was routine, a typically virtuoso peformance by an international champion that led to an easy first-round victory on a small side court at the Federation Cup matches here.
The Post Office so often fails its own delivery standards that Representative Bill Green of Manhattan is ready to smash its monopoly, at least for first-class mail in major cities.
The law is clearer on some issues than on others, and in the case of Representative Bobbi Fiedler of California, it seems to have been obfuscatory.
What you use a lot, you tend to write about a lot.
Mr. Smith said he had met during the last two weeks with community groups opposed to the satellite facility in an effort to ease their fears.
Reagan Administration officials said Wednesday that a Soviet reconnaissance plane had flown four missions since its arrival in Nicaragua in early May.
The pianist and teacher Barbara Keller will lead the workshop.
Tickets are $9, or $6 for students and the elderly, at the door or call 323-7955 or 847-2196.
He borrowed $100,000 to help in his campaign against Senator Slade Gorton, a Republican.
Not unnaturally, South put up the heart ace in dummy and continued with the queen.
Fridays, 4 P.M. to midnight; Saturdays, 4 P.M. to 2 A.M.; Sundays, 3 to midnight.
It was reminiscent of last year's first-round series.
Israeli Air Force planes struck suspected Palestinian guerrilla targets in Lebanon today for the second time in three days.
A hurricane watch and gale warnings extended north to Chatham, Mass., including the New York metropolitan area.
Instead of the customary numerical Bronx cheers such as ''Stack overflow at location 432,'' reasonably civil, at least by computer standards, messages like ''Project not found'' or ''Cannot link task to itself'' appear.
Mr. Bernardi is also survived by a son and two daughters, from a previous marriage, Adam, Beryl and Robin.
He also was pitching a one-hitter, but he had walked four batters and more trouble was on the way.
The seminary was denied a charter in 1978 on the grounds that it did not meet academic and financial requirements.
If I say that those two rooms are devoted to Matisse and Picasso, readers may think that they have heard quite enough about them already.
It would also establish several new programs to control water pollution, including a provision for dealing with runoff from farms and urban streets and another to clean up water with high concentrations of toxic chemicals.
His hands moved a little upon the sheet as if he were playing the piano, as he contrived, without exactly smiling, to nod his head.
The protagonist is a young man named Hartstein who decides to take a vacation in the past, only to discover that the Agency that makes such trips possible is a fraud.
They had to document every major dealer on the street and take them all at once.
The West German Defense Ministry has periodically sought to focus public attention on the offensive nature of the Warsaw Pact's planning for a conventional war in Europe.
There was the temple, superbly preserved.
''But the companies' earnings will be eroding in the second quarter because they'll endure a full three months of low crude prices.
A spokesman for KDI, a Cincinnati-based diversified manufacturer, said the company had no immediate comment on the filing.
It's billed as the first and only North American appearance of the Berliner Ensemble, and now's the time to start planning if the idea of seeing the theater group, founded by Bertolt Brecht in East Berlin in 1948, sounds irresistible.
He declined to say whether Mr.
The schedule, which included a meeting with President Reagan last Monday, was principally arraanged by conservative groups in the United States.
The capitalists would want to protect their nuclear investments, and the totalitarians would want to protect their power base and reputation.
The living-room windows are treated more formally, with asymmetrical swags that are neo-classical in style.
Military officers who seized power in Lesotho this week have decided to fly South African political fugitives out of the country ''as quickly as possible'' but will not hand them over to Pretoria, the state-run Lesotho radio said tonight.
The jurors thought witnesses who claimed to have seen officers hit, kick or choke Mr. Stewart were ''vague,'' ''uncertain'' or ''inconsistent'' in their testimony.
To Weston, the difference between the old and new prints made from the same negatives was dramatic.
So the companies have apparently decided that running clearance sales from time to time is preferable, so long as there is a good chance of stimulating sales.
A settlement was reached out of court.
They all want a piece of your success.
And they provide a certain amount of stage business, a pregnant pause.''
''Ho Chikwa: Weyakya Hanukwa,'' reads the message on shirts given to those whose running brought their diabetes under control.
Dick Hughlett, who worked as cashier at the old Occidental and who has returned as the new Occidental's purchaser and executive steward, carries much of the old restaurant's history in his memory.
People have asked, why restrict monounsaturates?
Kassebaum, Stafford, Vt. Danforth, Mo.
Richard Appignanesi immediately digs himself an even deeper hole by having a phalanx of striking graveyard workers burst forth in blank verse.
From then on, the purchase of a bottle of suntan lotion or a box of cookies became family occasions, with much conversation across the language barrier.
They found it in a 12-inch main under Riverside Drive near 156th Street, he said, and had dug down three feet and were just about to uncover the main when a tree alongside them ''started to lean.''
Endangerment means that a plant is close to extinction.
To Ian Day, coach of the Tiffin University Dragons, the Ohio district final against the Quakers of Wilmington College - a school run, ironically enough, by the Society of Friends -was just a game between two squads with different styles.
In addition, they said, the draft budget calls for a cut of more than 50 percent in Federal aid for urban mass transit systems, to $1.6 billion, from the current $3.4 billion.
At Coral World in St. Thomas, there is an underwater observatory and marine park.
As a result, there is little doubt that Tokyo, with its wealth and population, will dominate Asia financially.
Tomorrow At 2 to 6 P.M. Sweet Basil.
they should still remember, and prepare, and bear forever the name of their lord and master, death, before their eyes, upon their sleeve.
Lewis was timed in 10.18, way behind his own meet record of 10.00.
''Ben's death touched off a furor that the death of no other gang victim had stirred,'' said Robert Rivera, director of the network.
(Yen is currently valued at .006 cent.)
As the next two batters got on, Hernandez repeatedly looked over toward the fan, shaking his head in agitation.
Indeed, despite salaries that range only up to about $37,000, the competition to become one of the school's five dozen or so tutors is greater than that to become a student.
Mr. Koch's charitable donations dropped this year, but remained far above the $97.50 he gave in 1983.
Her father is president of Fletcher & Company, a financial management consulting concern in New York, and chairman of Keller Industries, a building products company in Miami.
''That's a new route for us.
In another development that scientists said might help account for the unabated rise of new AIDS cases in New York City, a new report said the virus believed to cause the disease has continued to spread rapidly among the city's homosexual men despite marked changes in their sexual habits.
Amal, which has thousands of members under arms, has been the dominant force in the suburbs, in which 700,000 people, most of them Shiites, live in 13 neighborhoods.
Valerian A. Zorin, a top Foreign Ministry official who served as the Soviet representative to the United Nations in the early 1960's, has died after a long illness, the Comunist Party newspaper Pravda said today.
A powerful pro-Timorese lobby, especially strong in Mr. Hawke's Labor Party, has only lately reduced the pitch of its criticism of Indonesia.
A series of lunchtime meetings today showed the workers' clear opposition to a takeover, according to Joe Harris, a union spokesman.
''Flight of the Navigator,'' which opens today at the Ziegfeld and other theaters, may not have the originality of a true classic; and while its special effects provide some dazzling moments, they are not quite fresh enough to be brilliant.
There are tough-minded tips on getting the most out of a trip to Tibet: For the best view of the Himalayas, sit on the left side of the aircraft during the 720-mile flight from Chengdu to Lhasa's airport at Gonggar.
The company, among other things, staggered terms of its board members, required an increased shareholder vote to remove the directors and gave the directors more control over such things as special shareholder meetings.
All calls for comment from Mr. Perelman yesterday were referred to the public relations firm for MacAndrews & Forbes.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Red dish towels and sponges and the red Rokeach soap were for meat, while blue was the color for dairy.
''This is not the end of contact with the United States.
Judge Murray said jurors should disregard the admissions if they had ''a reasonable doubt'' that they were voluntary.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''We have agreed to freeze the cost-of-living adjustment.
That is the philosophy and the strength of Gessler Educational Software, which has developed more than 250 computer programs for teaching Spanish, French, German, Latin and English as a second language.
A recipe that calls for four cups of dandelion greens can be modified to include two-and-a-half cups of the strong greens and two-and-a-half cups of lettuce.
''The Concept'' does not designate causes any more than it labels cures; it is more concerned with diagnosis.
Talks heated up considerably two weeks ago, shortly after New Jersey passed legislation allowing bank holding companies in 13 states and the District of Columbia to acquire New Jersey banks if those jurisdictions reciprocate.
's current head, pledges better management to avoid such debacles.
Ballroom dancing to three live bands will be featured from 8 P.M. to 1 A.M., followed by disco dancing, also to live bands, till 5 A.M.
Indeed, his first book, ''Face to Face,'' published when he was 23, was an autobiography.
Mr. DiLucia had filed 20,666 signatures, and the state board invalidated 751 in a spot check yesterday.
''It was a very unhappy life,'' Mrs. Codiroli said.
Tell her, ''What your daughter is doing is the right thing.''
Credit is one of the country's largest lenders for consumer automobile purchases and for mortgages.
Even Miss Navratilova noted that a significant number of fans root for her now, sensing perhaps the end of the era of her domination.
''Had we been so advised,'' the Defense Secretary wrote, ''this information would have caused Mr. Crown's security status to be re-evaluated.''
At the same time, the foreign central banks have pumped about $12 billion into the international banking system.''
Leigh Steinberg, the attorney who represents Young, said that he expects the Buccaneers to take Testaverde and trade Young.
Mr. Benning's latest film, ''Landscape Suicide,'' will close the retrospective.
Within minutes, an alarm for the car was being broadcast to police units throughout the city.
Ashland officials yesterday declined to comment on the Belzberg proposal.
Paraguayan officials have been particularly dismayed to see their country listed by the Reagan Administration alongside Chile, Cuba and Nicaragua as Latin America's remaining dictatorships and they have reacted by furiously attacking the United States Ambassador here, Clyde Taylor, for maintaining frequent contacts with an array of small opposition parties.
He is one of a handful of investors who can, on his own, move billions of dollars around, from stocks to bonds, from Treasury notes to blue-chip companies, all as part of a day's maneuvering.
''We have no gripe with the legitimate need and use of consultants of a business this size, public or private,'' Mr. Finnegan said in an interview.
Aviation experts from Canada and the United States, in testimony before the panel, said the evidence was consistent with the bomb explosion theory, but some said there was no proof.
Owners and renters also must pay a steep monthly fee, sometimes as high as the mortgage payment itself, for the right to float on a permanent dock site.
It looked pretty safe with Gooden pitching as they went to the ninth.
She meets Tom Border, the nice-guy reporter, in Vietnam.
(''Lovingly'' in the artistic sense, which certainly doesn't exclude ''satirically'' - it is often very funny.)
But when South inspected the dummy, he found his crucial entry to the dummy was under fire.
''We feel threatened because so many of the products the company makes here are old-line equipment,'' said Ted Krukowski, president of the local.
But this says more about what these new currents in dance are not than about what they are.
But the indictment did not make clear whether the grand jury believed that, under all circumstances, there was sufficient evidence that Mr.
Washington Trip for Junejo Prime Minister Mohammad Khan Junejo, meanwhile, selected by Mr. Zia last year, left this morning for a two-week trip that will take him to Washington for discussions with President Reagan and other Americans.
''Some of that area is still upset,'' he said.
March 18, 19 - Previews of ''The Alchemedians,'' an evening of new vaudeville, with Bob Berky and Michael Moschen.
Rayfiel's studies were interrupted by World War II, during which he served as an Army lieutenant in Europe.
His statement came during a tour of three southern islands that seemed to mimic some elements of a simultaneous swing by President Corazon C. Aquino through two neighboring islands.
Best Programs (5134 Leesburg Pike, Alexandria, Va. 22302; telephone 800-368-2405 or 703-931-1300) has a family of three integrated programs suitable for individual or small-business use on I.B.M.
Now it has five computer-guided vehicles to move materials from supply areas, 30 robots performing functions ranging from precision gluing and screw-tightening to materials handling, and 45 computers or programmable controllers.
Moreover, if the United States is acting in self-defense, why is it that the United Nations Security Council voted 13-1 (with the U.S. vetoing the decision) to condemn United States mining of Nicaragua's harbors?
Also of interest this week: Edwin Dickinson (Hirschl and Adler Modern, 851 Madison Avenue at 71st Street): Edwin Dickinson (1891-1978) was born in upstate New York and lived the latter part of his life in New York City; he also spent time in Europe, notably France.
They are part of a larger demographic shift in which, for the first time, more people are moving out of Texas than into it.
I didn't exactly scald the ball, but it was enough to get through.''
New-home sales rose 10.6 percent in September after falling for five consecutive months, the Commerce Department said.
But 26 of the cases have now been disposed of; Mr. Lazar has been removed; and it's now possible, with understanding on three fronts, to fill the void and fulfill the vision.
''It feels funny when you know you're not going to play.
Promanagement Associates, a Manhattan-based company, is planning to convert the former Military Park Hotel, a 12-story structure at 16-20 Park Place, into 110 condominium apartments, according to Harry K. Hampel, a principal of Promanagement.
One of the qualities that forever separates Geraldine Page's work from the work of those actresses with whom she's most often compared (and whom I see no reason to mention in this kind of piece) is her comic sense.
Although the new companies are laying their own lines, either with fiber-optic cables or microwave systems, they must still rely on N.T.T.
In Winchester, the moratorium focused on an area around the town's largest lake, where there were sewage problems due to density of development.
AMONG the celebrated phrases of 1986, ''glut economy'' made the list as a vivid description of an unsettling situation.
In a film of Mr. Blier's, that's a triumph.
We hope that they will stop.''
Burke is the 29-year-old son of Mike Burke Sr., a club pro in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and the grandson, on the maternal side, of Ben Toski, a widely known teaching pro.
McCaskey's father, Ed, the Bears' chairman, married Virginia Halas, the daughter of George Halas, the Papa Bear himself.
The cocaine industry was once considered an economic safety valve, but production has been disturbed recently by a joint United States-Bolivian campaign to wipe out laboratories where the coca leaf is processed.
Three sisters are bound by an obsession with the same man.
A subsequent proposal by Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, to limit the amnesty to two years, was defeated on a 43-to-40 vote.
the equivalent of $500 to take part in the program.
Judge Meyer, in a nine-page decision strongly affirming the U.D.C.
Traders are expecting the second-quarter G.N.P.
's second-largest union, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.
But it had been marketing them since 1978, and had sold more than 16 million instant cameras.
The second quarter is shaping up as much weaker than the initial three months of the year.
Horford's potential impact on a fledgling program cannot be underestimated.
This time Kilauea's river of seething lava meandered slightly down the mountain, over an 1,100-foot slope and down another three miles to the sea, he said.
2.Put the hot spinach into the container of a food processor and add the green onions, garlic, butter, salt and mustard.
Chacos Dugout, 168 Marcy Ave. (S. 8th St.).
He orders Dr. Kim to remove the electrode.
Alvin Davis, the first baseman who serves as the Mariners' assistant chapel leader, has declined to respond to Balderson's general complaints but concedes that services have occasionally kept players from being on time for pre-game warmups, a lapse, he says, that he is eager to correct.
His estimate for 1987 calls for earnings of $3 a share.
But Mr. Schwab spoke by phone today with Mr. Armacost, and the decision was made to announce the resignation.
''I ask of you, I plead of you.
A More Urgent Warning Mr. Thomas previously warned of the dangers of Congressional inaction on the toxic waste law, but never as urgently as in his letter this week.
The museum is open from 10 A.M. to noon and from 2 to 5 P.M. from Tuesday to Friday and on Sunday and from 2 to 4 P.M. on Saturday; closed Monday; no entry fee.
We just hope what was written wasn't true, and we won't know about that until the season begins.
Although American officials have told reporters that all 55 Russians ordered out today were intelligence operatives, there were a few fond farewells.
''I was holding everybody up.
The information on the cause of the accident and its consequences filled two volumes.
But Mr. Price said yesterday that Ticketron is ''a highly successful business with increasing value that will materially contribute to profits.''
The Richter scale is a measure of the energy released by the quake, An increase of one unit represents a tenfold increase in ground motion.
Hearst Magazines' Good Housekeeping jumped the gun and had a preview boat ride Tuesday night.
The judge said this week that he was simply following the practice of the Probation Department to cut its workload when warranted.
Sunday 1-11 P.M.; Monday-Thursday, 5-11 P.M.; takeout Friday from 1-4 P.M.
The three ''BB'' plays - ''Broadway Bound'' completes the semi-autobiographical trilogy that began in 1983 with ''Brighton Beach Memoirs'' and continued last year with ''Biloxi Blues'' - have marked a transition for the playwright from gag slinger to seeker of truths -some small, some large - about his family and the events that made him what he is.
Autumn Crafts Festival, Fordham University Plaza at Lincoln Center, Columbus Avenue at 62d Street, 212-677-4627.
emblems on the lapels and a leather belt with a shiny brass buckle, and two green cotton fatigues with the emblem printed on the breast pocket.
Her Government is trying to deal with difficult questions of military reform, human rights, the recovery of Mr. Marcos's assets and the replacement of thousands of local officials throughout the nation.
As a carefully tailored class act for two top Metro stars, the film is a transparent but entertaining curio until the bizarre finale.
That isn't so much judicial activism as judicial duty.
''I'm more of a hacker, a free swinger, maybe a little more like George Brett.
'No Longer Subservient' According to Mr. Tallon, while the new law gives patients the legal power to obtain their medical records - a change he regards as considerable -the larger impact is ''that it says patients have a much larger role in making decisions about their treatment, that patients are equal to doctors and no longer subservient to their decisions.''
Syrian forces patrolled Moslem areas in the capital today and dominated a vital highway intersection outside the city.
In addition to meeting financial and management criteria, primary dealers must also maintain average customer-trading volume in government securities of at least three-quarters of 1 percent of total primary dealer customer volume.
The choreographer was subsequently widowed, and she and the designer were married in 1983.
Smith (1-3) then replaced DiPino and was greeted by Davis's sixth home run.
State health inspectors have found a wide range of ''systemic'' medical and health code violations at Harlem and two other municipal hospitals -Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan and Woodhull Hospital, between the Bedford-Stuyvesant and Williamsburg sections of Brooklyn.
His party and others continue to conduct meetings in many parts of the country, despite harassment and threats.
''He was the ideal communicator,'' Mr. Rylander said.
Women toil in sweatshops, sewing garments for meager wages.
In late 1983, after the video clip of ''Girls Just Want to Have Fun'' had started to catch on, the album, which was only being played by a few radio stations, took off, and the woman with the Betty Boop voice became a full-scale rock phenomenon.
Eleven of them, ranging in age from 15 to 18 and chosen from more than 700 entrants, are having their one-act plays read by a selection committee of the Foundation of the Dramatists Guild.
Ms. Paraskevin was timed in 11.245 seconds, bettering a mark of 11.392 set by two Frenchwomen earlier this month in Colorado Springs.
The annual influx of tourists has entirely altered the traditional pattern of life.
That tired out the Flyers, who rely on four defensemen.
He had just stepped out of a house that looked like about $3 million, though you couldn't tell from the front how big the swimming pool was or how many tennis courts it had.
''We care about all our individuals.''
So Boonma Panvivattana is on to a good thing.
He is a research assistant at Bonar Kard-O-Lite, a private chemical research concern in Philadelphia.
As he showed a visitor through his museum in Tokyo recently, Mr. Matsuoka's dark eyes brightened every time he pointed out a work he had acquired in a bidding duel.
Able, were Churchill B. Grimes of the National Marine Fisheries Service, and Robert S. Jones of that agency and the Harbor Branch Foundation.
But totally, this list is awesome.''
She said supervisors were notified but no change was made in the erroneous postings.
''I still think we're the better team, but now that it's over, I say the Rangers can win the cup.
They are often used with clamp sockets ($6.49), but grow-light bulbs must be placed in porcelain sockets as plastic sockets may melt.
At least one of the hospitals damaged in the earthquake was close to the fault line that runs from San Jacinto volcano south of the city toward the northern part of the capital.
One of the first big shipments of aid from the Miami supporters was about $100,000 worth of medical supplies and equipment delivered in late 1983, according to Jose J. Basulto, a building contractor who is active in the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association, 2506 Brigade, which includes men who took part in the unsuccessful invasion of Cuba in 1961.
One is that it focuses on the Victorian view of children and in a way that vindicates the wit who claimed that childhood was a British invention but that was left to the Americans to take it seriously.
Basra, once Iraq's major port city, is on the banks of the Shatt al Arab, which runs southward from the conjunction of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers to the Persian Gulf.
Mary sought help and was advised by area professionals that Jimmy did not have to live like a child.
Obviously, this energy can be harnessed only by recruiting and training better teachers.
In the past two months, we witnessed a presidential campaign in which one candidate campaigned among the people for himself, and the people campaigned for Cory Aquino against him.
They said Mr. Zakharov paid the student thousands of dollars for the information.
A 17th-century frontiersman woos an Indian princess.
Due to electrostatic attraction and repulsion between the sheet and those panels, the sheet moves in accordance with the audio signal and thus imparts the musical vibrations to the surrounding air.
And I don't want to quit skating, either.
According to Mitchell Fromstein, president of Manpower Inc. of Milwaukee, which says it is the largest concern in the world for hiring temporary workers, many women are ''people with one foot in the house and one foot in the workplace.''
There isn't much poetry in the suburbs?
has always ridden the industry's crests and dropped into its troughs.
David Morton, a Forest Service supervisor, said logging did not destroy the environment because the trees grew back quickly.
's balance sheet is as troubled as its labor relations.
Mr. Linzer says that he purposely gangs up appliances in order to consolidate counter space in a single run.
He said that if Mrs. Aquino simply appoints new provincial governors and town and city mayors, she would be following a practice for which Mr. Marcos was criticized in the martial law years.
Managing the amnesty could have been a nightmare.
The Duboeuf St.-Veran is a perfect - well, not quite perfect - example.
The Teheran radio said Mr. Velayati had asked Mr. Perez de Cuellar in a letter for urgent steps to halt the Iraqi attacks and to ''punish'' Baghdad for what he called blatant violations of international norms.
A new F-16 designed for this air-defense role would cost about $9 million, according to one General Dynamics' proposal.
For property owners here, the Senate hearings on the confirmation of their neighbor William H. Rehniquist to be Chief Justice of the Unites States have raised two questions.
Insurers cited wider litigation, higher awards and the legal system's unpredictability.
What it is covered with now, after months of construction, is a four-story elevator apartment house, with a separate entrance to space below street level for medical offices.
Only at Jitlada, a Thai restaurant with perhaps the hottest food in Los Angeles, were there condiments hot enough to bring tears to my eyes.
''When you're working,'' he said of Hollywood, ''it's kind of a fantasy.
In 1971 Mr. Wallace married Cornelia Ellis Snively, the niece of former Gov.
As a consequence, parties have largely been curtailed.
Two of the children, Josephine, 7, and her brother, Edwin Jr, 5, were pronounced dead at the scene.
The rescued youth, Thad Scheer, 17 years old, was treated for exposure and lack of oxygen from the poor air inside the cavern.
The group hopes to raise the money to pay for the project.
Sweet potatoes are also a source of vitamin A, and potato skins are a good source of dietary fiber.
By Gary Hart with William S. Lind.
He then practiced law in Boston from 1938 to 1941 before going on the bench.
Foreign Government Restrictions In addition, they would be prohibited for three years from working for any foreign government, foreign political party or entity controlled by a foreign government or foreign political party.
''But they understood I wanted to play football,'' he said.
The recipe that calls for stuffing them, then cooking them in sauce can be varied almost infinitely.
In ''Sweet Liberty,'' the new film written and directed by Alan Alda, who also co-stars in it, there's a scary, potentially hilarious scene on a roller coaster: Michael Caine, as an arrogantly self-assured, womanizing movie actor named Elliott James, decides to change cars as the roller coaster is making its slow, steady, creaky approach to the ride's first and highest precipice.
TENTATIVE OFFERINGS DURING WEEK Anchorage, $110 million of electric system refunding revenue bonds.
A suspect in a narcotics case who briefly left his 3-year-old daughter with a drug dealer as collateral until he returned with $40 to buy a quarter ounce of marijuana will face charges for using the girl, in addition to the narcotics charges, the police said today.
''O Rangasayee,'' in which steps derived from Indian dance are invested with a modern dancer's sense of weight and energy, resembles a sacred quest.
You start to enjoy having the time, the extra energy.
Our former customers have become self-sufficient, and many of them are our competitors, determined not to lose their markets at any price.
These executives say several events over the past six months indicate that public television, which, like commercial television, faces increasing competition from cable and home video, is at a crossroads.
''I hope that the media attention to his family life won't have a detrimental effect on his future career.''
Description of Gunman Given Mr. Murphy said Miss Merriweather had told the police that she was among a crowd of people who entered the station after leaving a March of Dimes charity walkathon that had ended in Central Park.
According to Mr. Seeger, the idea that inspired the Clearwater has spread to nearly a dozen other locations.
Monday Night Dallas Cowboys (2-1) at St. Louis Cardinals (0-3), 9 p.m., Channel 7 -So far, the only sort of team that bothers the Cowboys is one with a well-balanced offense.
But a 31-year-old country performer who wants to make a record in Nashville that doesn't look back must defy the town's decade of pop-flavored ''countrypolitan'' records.
''It is also true that U.S. warships would have the right to protect U.S. flag vessels from any forcible actions that exceeded the scope of a belligerent's rights under international law, or where warranted, in the exercise of self-defense.
After we started, we repeated the shooting and I thought I wasn't good.
He oversees 26 executives who help him run a raj that includes two TV and four radio networks, plus regional TV operations, local radio and global broadcasting in most of the world's languages.
By 1930, as the old spirit of isolationism and mistrust of Europe were enjoying a resurgence, pacifism became an O.K.
6 6 12 ROCK HUDSON: His Story, by Rock Hudson and Sara Davidson.
At the time of the Nofziger letter, Wedtech was certified as a minority-owned company and therefore eligible to obtain military contracts without competitive bidding.
He won the 1985 Montana cutting horse championship, a year-end award based on 25 contests and accumulated winnings.
He only needs to decide that the signature-gathering was ''permeated'' with fraud or forgery.
The opening figure of the soldier in white, whose bodily fluids are endlessly drained back into him, the soldier who sees everything twice, the constant raising of the required number of bombing missions, the massive incremental enumeration of detail -all these come together to suggest a world based upon a principle of quantitative evaluation in which more is better and most is best.
Although long-term Treasury issues closed below their highest levels of the day, the new 9 1/4 percent Treasury bonds due in 2016 still ended the day with a gain of 18/32 at an offered price of 103 26/32 to yield 8.88 percent.
Mr. Chamorro is a son of Pedro Joaquin Chamorro Cardenal, who was assassinated while editor of La Prensa in 1978, in an attack considered one of the major events that led to the uprising that overthrew President Anastasio Somoza Debayle the following year.
There is very little ground under Liberty's feet, she appears to rise from the ocean on a pedestal of petrified waves.
Pravda, the Soviet party newspaper, blamed ''external reactionary imperialist forces'' for the strife, but conceded there had been ''disagreements'' in the Southern Yemen party and Government.
In this performance Greg Germann's realization of a Southern boy whose dreams of success are changed into visions by his love of a fragile, remote girl is a fine exercise in revelation of character.
With a full-time doctor and a service staff of 160, soon to increase to 2 physicians and a staff of 191, geriatric care for residents suffering from heart ailments and Alzheimer's disease can be better met, the home's officials say.
''It's a lie, trumped up out of thin air.
Papa Don't Preach Papa I know you're going to be upset 'Cause I was always your little girl But you should know by now I'm not a baby You always taught me right from wrong I need your help, daddy please be strong I may be young at heart But I know what I'm saying The one you warned me all about The one you said I could do without We're in an awful mess And I don't mean maybe -- please Chorus: Papa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep Papa don't preach, I've been losing sleep But I made up my mind, I'm keeping my baby I'm gonna keep my baby, mmm...
Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d set forth the new policy in a directive to Justice Department officials in Washington and United States attorneys across the country.
But Uncle Sam's Subsidy Machine will churn on, paying U.S. farmers tens of billions to harvest crops that no one would buy at unsubsidized prices.
More smoke bombs were ignited and dropped onto the tracks, ''and with the wind blowing south, the smoke covered their escape,'' he said.
A new job with an aircraft manufacturer there has not worked out, so the Winters, who have two small children, are looking for work outside the state.
And the last time I heard, we hadn't found them.
''I'm not going to issue a restraining order without proof, without evidence,'' Judge Finch said.
''When you're an actor,'' he muses, ''maybe you're a little bit of an artist, but you're also a craftsman and a technician.
The Dry Goods Company, formerly known as the Wilmington Dry Goods Company, is being sold by Scoa Industries to a group including Oppenheimer & Company and two executives of the Cohoes Specialty Stores Ltd. of Cohoes, N.Y.
She is expected to resume testifying later this week.
WILLIAM G. LANGTON President of the Southern Air Transport Company, a Miami-based air-freight company.
On May 6, the Attorney General wrote and asked five of them, including Burger King, to provide the same information voluntarily.
For he has given up that way of life and accepted a pardon from the Spanish Government.
* EZ Communications Inc. has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $50 million of senior subordinated notes, due 1996, through Paine Webber Inc. * First Nationwide Bank has filed with the Federal Home Loan Bank Board for $100 million of subordinated debentures, due 2006, through First Boston Corp. * ICN Pharmaceuticals Inc. is offering $65 million of 6 1/2 to 6 3/4 percent convertible Eurobonds, due 2001 and priced at 100, through J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
She emphasizes the importance of other activities for children: listening to stories, talking about them and making up their own.
The newspaper said the reports also showed persistent problems with the San Pedro Radar Center, which scans a 200-mile circle centered near Los Angeles International Airport.
Steps to Take With a little imagination and advance planning, you can do much to ward off cabin fever and, perhaps, to enjoy the special delights of winter.
I write with experiences in mind, but I don't write about them, I write out of them.
The Reagan Administration wants to send arms to rebels in two countries.
The Metropolitan Opera Orchestra will play and Richard Bonynge, Garcia Navarro and Jeffrey Tate will share the conducting chores, starting at 8 P.M. Tickets, from $15 to $150, may be reserved through Centercharge, (212) 874-6770.
The group honors Lu Tung-pin's original nine virtues: loyalty, filial piety, frugality, righteousness, charity, trustworthiness, benevolence, generosity and courtesy.
Mrs. Heustein needed the dress on their latest ski trip to Zurs, Austria, four weeks ago, when her husband, Hal, was required to wear a tuxedo to dinner.
Mr. Manes killed himself last March.
''When many people see a black person on the street in Darien, they can't help but wonder what he or she is doing there.
''It will be called 'The Grand Game of Baseball,' '' said Ms. Dinhofer, who is nothing if not a Brooklyn booster. ''
Iowa cap turned and left when he saw there was a visitor.
The effort to win a reprieve for Fairchild was led by New York's two Senators, Alfonse M. D'Amato, a Republican, and Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a Democrat.
Americans who put their faith in the private sector as the savior of the museum world can find comfort in the example of Cologne.
I was interested in either the color or the shape or the amount.
The fund is a not-for-profit agency that has provided the free summer trips for children from 6 to 12 since 1877.
''The key to winning a championship is to keep improving,'' suggested Namath.
But the killer is smart and has a way of bypassing normal circuits.
Did this not prove Nicaragua's threat to its neighbors?
But under cross-examination today, Mr. Faulkner said the bureau never considered that.
''I don't mind the insults at all,'' Sir Peter added.
''He has some very good friends on that team,'' Baldwin explained.
in the last year or so because of suspected neurological disorders.
The wind and the sounds, the moving water and the sun: everything seems ready for the taking.
Arteriosclerosis, or narrowing of the arteries, reducing the blood flow, is a leading cause of heart disease.
I wanted to tear it down!
But Maher Mahran, the secretary general of the National Population Council, offered an even more sobering projection.
Figures for Jersey For the first three months of 1986, New York State's unemployment rates were unchanged from a year ago, with a 7.1 percent overall rate, 6.3 percent for whites, 12.5 percent for blacks and 20 percent for teen-agers.
report would help the company's allies in keeping the program alive.
There was no scoring in the final period, during which the Islanders seemed content to guard their lead and the Devils appeared too desperate to be effective against Kelly Hrudey, the goalie who was anxious to preserve his first successful outing of the season.
In contrast to the current system, which relies on the capital of commercial banks, loans would be made from a central national source.
''There is a feeling out there of wanting to own something,'' he said.
Borderline Cases Cited ''In terms of the area we're in, we're seeing a lot of things that are probably immoral and unethical and definitely have an odor about them,'' Mr. Merola said.
''Hank Williams Jr. and Friends,'' a performance taped in February at Nashville's Grand Ole Opry, is a rare television appearance by the popular singer and bandleader, essaying such spirited, rock-tinged tunes as ''I'm for Love'' and ''This Ain't Dallas.''
The owners of the Chicago White Sox said today that they would entertain offers from other cities to move the team while they also pursue locating the club in suburban Addison, Ill. Jerry Reinsdorf, the chairman of the board, and Eddie Einhorn, the team president, said they have had preliminary talks with representatives of unspecified cities about moving the club should a move to Addison fall through.
Recalling the moment, Sir Alec wrote, ''I would hear the word 'bore' running through the rest of my performance.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Best Business Product: Excel, from Microsoft.
As Mr. Cohen and others pointed out, the problems between the branches have rarely been about budget and programs.
Most of the recent arrivals in Vienna left Iran without legal travel documents, according to refugee officials.
If he cannot play in the opener, there is always the possibility he could be placed on injured reserve to open a roster spot, which would keep him out of at least the first four games.
''We didn't have any special plan going into the game,'' said Bossy.
At times - in the sensuous arabesques of some of Messaien's ''Regards,'' or in a few of the spirited passages in Liszt's Mephisto Waltz - there was something more, but on the whole it was difficult to muster enthusiasm for the playing, indeed difficult to believe that Miss Umene felt any.
But maybe in another year or two, the Knicks will represent that special something, the next escape through the woods for this coach with the eyes of a frightened deer.
Leslie announced that we were at a turning point of time and that henceforth the human race would be sharply divided into the old, who would continue to use boring, archaic drugs like alcohol, and the young, whose daily fix was marijuana, with frequent psychedelic excursions into more splendid ecstasies.
They added that the concern grew as a result of special inspections by the Japanese after 520 people were killed in the crash of a Japan Air Lines 747 north of Tokyo last August.
''I don't know how exactly where we stand in comparison with other cities.
It opens Oct. 30 at the Circle Repertory Company, 99 Seventh Avenue South, at West Fourth Street.
Eighteen yachts are entered for the May 10-15 event, compared with 40 last year.
Mr. Collazo told the police on March 12 that he had been target shooting at another rock pit when two white men in their late 20's or 30's ordered him into a nearby canal at gunpoint, shot him four times and took his car.
Associate Justice William J. Brennan Jr. of the Supreme Court warned graduating seniors at Brandeis University in Waltham, Mass., yesterday that the modern age posed special dangers of Government encroachments on freedom.
* Reforested American timberland, both Federal and private, gain a few more years' growth, becoming better ready to supply future lumber needs.
* Jim Walter Corp., Tampa, Fla., a building materials company, elected David F. Miller to the board.
The common wisdom about him is that a fighter who moves from side to side and boxes Tyson has a better chance than one who walks straight in and trades punches with him.
Her own descriptions of the way she insults and shouts down others (''my family and friends know well how sharp my tongue can be'') lend plausibility to her critics' accusations that she has spurred her less assertive husband to speak out since they met in 1970.
''Brokers are often in too much of a hurry to explain the consequences of margin loans,'' said Ira Lee Sorkin, former regional director of the Securities and Exchange Commission in New York.
Six American syndicates have managed to make it to Fremantle, though not all of them may make it to the starting line.
The president of the Board of Education, Robert F. Wagner Jr., said he ''certainly'' thought the ''Cardinal and the Vicar General have the right to set church policy.''
In sworn depositions obtained by the Justice Department in July, Mr. Leili said he had shot the youth in the back, even though he had known there was no way for him to escape from the camp.
A traditional menu to serve eight is also offered by the Market Dining Rooms and Bar in the World Trade Center for $80, and can be ordered as late as Tuesday noon by calling 212-775-0582.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Levitan, who grew up in New York City, said he became involved with a video yearbook while a student at Duke University in Durham in 1982.
When he could not locate a satisfactory supplier of the egg cartons, which are designed to cushion the egg and reduce breakage, he imported them from Britain.
The officials said the points of disgreement with Vice President Salvador H. Laurel included such key issues as financial aid and the depth of United States support for the new Manila Government, particularly in connection with the deposed President, Ferdinand E. Marcos.
Prolongation of the Iraq-Iran war may be the safest prediction to make as it enters its sixth year without a quick or conclusive end in sight.
Such a system works well in Singapore, as most things do.
A rather large subgroup of the audience did indeed take Diva Day by total immersion.
What came out of the box now was not rock music but a wisp of smoke.
* Surfer Shorts Surfing clothes, a big deal in the 1960's, are making fashion waves again.
Paquet French Cruises, 1007 North America Way, Miami, Fla. 33132 (305-374-8100; 800-327-5620 outside Florida).
The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in book buying.
Coca-Cola will own a majority of the equity in the company, but John T. Lumpton of Chattanooga, Tenn., the principal stockholder of JTL and of the Great Western, Phoenix and Denver Coca-Cola bottling companies, will be ''a significant shareholder'' and will serve as chairman of the new company, the soft drink giant announced.
''I plan to rest, write, and sleep - and eat well.''
The one-year contract was signed last Oct. 1, the day Mr. Deaver telephoned Richard Walker, the United States Ambassador to South Korea, to ask him to recommend that Mr. Reagan give an audience to a South Korean trade official.
#526,000 Asian Indians The Asia Society was founded 30 years ago by John D. Rockefeller 3d to educate Americans about Asian life and culture.
Persons irritated by smoke expect to find a no-smoking section and have become more assertive in establishing their rights to such a space.
Life on Matinicus is coming full cycle, too.
The rate on the one-year bills gained 3 basis points, to 5.48 percent.
''I said, 'He fouled out, didn't he?'
'Tools' for Prosecutors Since there are now no such laws in New York, prosecutors must try to apply related law in cases involving computers.
Mr. Garibaldi is the Mayor of Monroe Township, one of the first municipalities to be involved in litigation over low-income housing.
Then it was on to Europe, where players like him, unknown in the United States, are appreciated, even idolized and, most important, well-paid.
Queens At 7 P.M. Saturday, a lecture on Halley's comet.
The 1,108 new apartments, in five residential buildings north of the existing development, would incease the number of housing units to 3,246 or about 65 percent of the total proposed under the orginal development plan.
There are occasional exceptions: In August, for example, the I.M.F.
At that point, they are joined by Jo Henderson and Thomas Toner, who play Joanie's frumpy parents with more variety than their lines might suggest.
The people don't push or shove.
The rider's council has filed a complaint over service with the State Consumer Protection Board.
but everything was too old.
In Rio, when they first meet you, they hug you.
''This situation is like a cut from a knife or a razor blade, it's a clean wound that will heal, and the market will rebound.''
In response, the Graflex company tried to adapt its products to a changing world.
In the second inning, he hit Alfredo Griffin with a pitch and the A's shortstop stole second, then scored on a single by Tony Phillips.
In the view of Jeffrey Christian, senior analyst of the commodity research group of J. Aron & Company, a division of the Goldman, Sachs Group, the current weakness of gold - it fell again yesterday - is further evidence of the market's belief that inflation is still coming down.
Spread the onions over the bottom, smoothing over the top.
Nationalized companies now account for 36 percent of the economy against 29 percent before.
It looks as if the artist had taken other works, pulled the blocks apart and rearranged them with the precarious support of poles.
It has a pool, 18-hole golf course, three restaurants, tennis courts and a few shops.
Then, claiming near-insolvency, the company announced it would reduce its productions to a part-time repertory, leaving the opera house to the national ballet company, the city's symphony and mindless surfing movies.
''From that point,'' he added, ''we identified the suspect with photographs, and we have been constantly investigating since then in an attempt to locate him.''
A Tennessean who lived from about 1870 to 1951, Edmondson, like many naifs, turned to art late in life; in this instance, upon orders from God; he was instructed to work in stone, specifically to carve a tomb marker.
Less ''creative'' cash management is referred to as ''plain vanilla practices.''
Similarly, Kevin Roche, of Kevin Roche/John Dinkeloo & Associates, the architect designing another office building for Solomon Equities on a site between Broadway and Seventh Avenue on 49th Street, said the standards would discourage potential office tenants by requiring illuminated signs all around the building up to a height of 60 feet.
It may seem like a move from the sublime to the ridiculous to go from the National Gallery of Art to Sesame Street.
The easy answer comes in Justice Harry Blackmun's eloquent dissent.
Each night at 10, the street in front of the club's unmarked black door at 246 West 14th Street fills with the haughty and the hopeful, pleading for permission to pay $5 to enter its comfortable Victorian rooms.
That never happened, and today more than ever, it seems that all we have time for is the bottom line.
In four years, Jiri and Blanka Zizka, a young husband and wife team of directors, have turned the tiny Wilma Theater into a dauntless Philadelphia equivalent of Off Broadway.
NOVECK: You're saying they're willing to take less risk, if there's going to be less reward.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Public Acceptance Needed Almost as crucial as having the dollars is the Mexican public's acceptance of the measures that must be taken to achieve the plan's goal of bringing down inflation, increasing employment and improving the overall economy.
A trip to Morocco would be likely to involve a meeting with King Hassan II and would come only days after the Moroccan leader held talks there with Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel.
Brighton and Solitude have lift tickets for $10 or less.
More moderate hotels, often of a variety known to Japanese as ''business hotels,'' tend to be no-frill types.
In spite of everything, one can't help expecting a Miles Davis album to add up to something more than that.
Effect on NATO Host Countries ''If U.S. security assistance is sharply reduced for more than a short period of time, the supporters of close military ties with the United States in some of these NATO host countries may have their positions notably weakened,'' the report said.
We do it more by experimentation, with infants watching and then acting it out, trying it out bit by bit.''
The game, the 109th between the rivals, belonged to Princeton until the closing sequence.
According to 1985 figures provided by the United States Census's Marriage and Family Bureau, less than 28 percent of the nation's 86.8 million households are now traditional nuclear families - a married couple with one or more children under age 18 living at home.
Neilson, known for his use of videotapes in coaching, was also awarded interest and costs, which brings his total award to the equivalent of more than a quarter-million American dollars.
Predictably, some of her suppporters are complaining that she is not translating her early winning style into substance.
If only the Tibetans had such supporters in the U.S. who could tell Americans of their misery under foreign domination.
Republicans would require beneficiaries to spend 5 percent of their income before becoming eligible.
Faye Wattleton, president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America and the keynote speaker, said she would focus her remarks ''on the continuing challenges to reproductive rights.''
On a trip to California, we picked up U.S. 66, joining the hegira of ''Okies'' fleeing the Dust Bowl for that fabled land of milk and honey.
This weekend he is performing, with his quintet, at the Blue Note (475-8592), at 131 West Third Street.
Government Lacks List Mr. Salonga also said there was still no exhaustive list of political detainees in the Government's possession.
They may picture themselves as under heavy pressure to ''do something about the deficit,'' but such pressures usually are more apparent than real; they certainly made no difference in 1984.
Although set to music by Janacek, the action paralleled that of the potion scene in many ballets to Prokofiev's ''Romeo and Juliet.''
All these kids have friends whose parents have divorced, and, in some of the cases, one of those parents took off, rarely, or never, to be heard from again.
I had to gouge it out with a 7-iron and, of course, never got near the green.
Mr. Horton of Stanford University said that ''pensions may be one of the most expensive features of the bill'' and that it failed to understand the special problems of universities.
The plans that Weehawken officials approved for Lincoln Harbor include approximately 1.8 million square feet of office space, 250 residential condominiums, a marina for about 260 craft, restaurants, shops, parking for both the office buildings and visitors to the recreational facilities, pedestrian walkways and a park.
In that same period, seven Sunday newspapers have begun publishing in the Philadelphia suburbs, where before there were none to challenge The Inquirer's big Sunday issue.
For everyone involved in the planning for the weekend, the biggest strain is the dwindling of time.
There's got to be cash.''
Major crime is on the rise again in New York City after nearly four years of general decline, Police Department figures show.
Furthermore, according to Golf Digest's records on such things, the 187-yard hole that Palmer aced is nothing exceptional.
The Vikings, with misdirection plays, had the Giants' defense moving the wrong way time and again, and when the Giants got the ball on their 41-yard line with 2 minutes 14 seconds left, they were down to their last chance.
Each day hundreds of homeless men report to the center at 8 East Third Street, right off the Bowery.
From 1982 until last September, Mr. Kovacevich, who is 42 years old, headed international consumer operations at Citibank.
When there are only a few pieces to be soaked, or when they are too long to stand in a pail, a shallow trough can be used, as shown in the accompanying drawings.
Mr. Bimblick said the talks did not presage a takeover of the entire company by Pilkington.
earmarked for Vietnam and, as a protagonist, a zoo keeper who dreams in vain of making it big in Hollywood as a songwriter.
Many AIDS victims and physicians objected that these limits were arbitrary and would lead desperate patients and sympathetic doctors to resort to deception to obtain the drug.
A second source close to the company said that negotiators for both sides were close to agreement and that an announcement could be made today.
Searchers at sea had earlier recovered several thousand pounds of wreckage, but most of it has been small pieces of piping, heat tiles, bulkhead material or panels to which electrical wiring or gauges were attached.
The mention of a potential consumers' boycott - non-governmental, entirely legal - would cause appeasers to reconsider their support of the Qaddafi regime.
She has been in ''an irreversible vegetative state'' ever since, Judge Stein said, kept alive by an artificial feeding tube at the Lincoln Park (N.J.) Nursing Home.
At the same time, he announced that he had bought control of No.
He said that the law, at one point, requires that the the candidate identify on the cover sheet of a petition volume all the Congressional Districts represented by the signatories in that volume.
The $160 million project is to begin construction in September and to open in September 1991.
Passers-by yell out, ''Catch anything?''
Eve Karen Smith, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. David I. Smith of New York and Westhampton Beach, L.I., was married yesterday to Jonathan Lincoln Rounds, a son of Austin L. Rounds of Wilmington, Mass., and the late Anne M. Jones of Honolulu.
He called Mr. Ingber, and had the bill in his hands in minutes.
Before he left for the Soviet Union as part of the international team, Dr. Robert P. Gale of the University of California at Los Angeles said it might be desirable to have some of the radiation victims flown to major centers in Europe or the United States so they could receive optimum treatment.
Montclair State 28 Wagner 14 Walter Briggs threw two touchdown passes of 30 and 9 yards to Ed Chavis as the Indians, a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III playoff team in 1985, built a 21-0 lead in their opener Friday night.
Mr. Waldheim has said he was ''a decent soldier'' who only performed his duty.
's effort to buy a telecommunications concern controlled by the French Government.
In contrast to the Soviet disaster, the American accident did not lead to an official evacuation of the vicinity of the plant.
Tax Stalemate Possible In the area of tax revision, Mr. Cuomo and Senator Anderson seemed headed toward a possible stalemate.
A sum could be set aside to compensate those who suffered from human rights abuses during the Marcos rule.
Oklahoma, which was the 1985 preseason choice, has been tops at both ends of the season four times.
And hot summers typically increase the use of water outdoors.
Mr. Gorodnitzki was born in Kiev in the Ukraine on May 24, 1904, and came to the United States at an early age.
Willie Wood finished third with 278 while Jay Delsing and Jim Gallagher tied for fourth at 279.
The independent panel, the National Transportation Safety Board, proposed that use of such special coordinators be tested in Chicago and adopted at other major airports if the trial is successful.
A clock is rigged up on the ice and the winner splits the proceeds with the volunteer organizations.
Their performances tomorrow and Sunday evenings will be recorded for Uptown Records by the celebrated engineer Rudy Van Gelder.
The redemption is set for Dec. 29.
ALL married people and those playing at being married, as well as each child in their households, know that everyone has some input into most buying decisions.
On Tuesday, he flew back to New York and, after George Foster hit a grand slam, Tom Niedenfuer nailed him with the next pitch, sending an angry Knight to the mound and touching off a melee.
The local contests, dubbed the ''Super Tuesday'' primaries by party leaders, were held in West Hartford, Newington, Wethersfield, South Windsor, Simsbury and Granby.
Since this plant needs a long growing season, cool weather in September may be a reason for lack of color.
Some investor groups have proposed capital infusions, and while the bank has not been interested so far, these groups have made it known they are still available.
Campsites are all improved with flush toilets and running water.
'No Way to Second-Guess' ''A lot of that was news to me,'' one former high official of the shuttle program said about the documents, which were drafted in Washington and at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. Later he added, ''If anyone had considered the rings as severe a problem as we think they are right now, I guarantee you we wouldn't have launched.''
To mock the salesman's condescending manner, Mr. Lum responds by affecting a thick Chinese accent and proclaims the superiority of the Nynex book.
This year, the National Republican Congressional Committee has been running television spots against Mr. St Germain in Rhode Island, prompting the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee to call for an investigation of whether these amount to a campaign contribution to the Congressman's Republican opponent, John A. Holmes Jr.
''Definitive surveys show that drinking among young people in mid-Fairfield County exceeds the national norm.
Although he has no background in the clubhouse political milieu that has been known to breed the payoff and the fix, his ties to the borough might dog him if he decides to run for President.
He said, for example, that the President at Iceland had made S.D.I.
At first, even if you find what you think are your notes, you don't trust them.
The total New York community broking currency and related money deposits is estimated at 800 to 1,000.
John Henry rejoined his trainer, Ron McAnally, in California this summer but failed to train as if racing would be a particularly good idea.
Without action the deficit is projected to be around $182 billion.
The Mayor has not determined how he will choose the 15 commission members, but will determine the selection process next week, he said.
The direction by William Fruet is brisk and reasonably suspenseful, and he goes easy on the violence, but the picture has a muddy quality, a sort of film over the film.
As if one night had gone into the next, nothing really changed.
Mr. Ortiz, a lawyer, said Monday that he planned to return to private practice.
Nuclear energy and all technologies that concentrate power in the hands of the already powerful will be rejected.
After receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in 1965, he studied film and television at New York University before entering the Coast Guard Reserve.
Senator Dixon has recruited Senators Paula Hawkins and Lawton Chiles of Florida along with Delegate Walter E. Fauntroy of the District of Columbia to perform similar rituals with well-known recipes from restaurants in their respective cities.
AVERY POST President, United Church of Christ New York, Feb. 1, 1986 The letter was signed also by 18 other church leaders of various denominations and orders.
They are now worth as much as $1,500.
In 1954, as Finance Minister, Mr. Gudin proposed a coffee accord between consuming and producing countries, arguing that it would prevent sharp fluctuations in prices.
Four people accused of taking part in a scheme to overthrow the Government of Suriname were sentenced to prison terms here today.
The 1957 Syracuse team went undefeated, with Oren at goal.
plan, saying that they wanted to study it.
The department designated eight secondary sites, should any of the top 12 prove unsuitable.
Last year a Navy analyst, Samuel Loring Morison, was convicted on espionage charges after he was accused of selling a secret satellite photograph to a military publication.
Rates of unemployment, truancy, teen-age pregnancy and dropping out of school are among the highest in the city.
They fear that domestic emphasis on consumer spending could turn into self-indulgence and undermine the Japanese tradition of hard work and self-sacrifice.
The statements, filed with the Board of Elections, cover the period from July 15 to Aug. 8.
And last year KN Energy spun off its Plains Petroleum Company operation, which held property in the Hugoton Field in southwest Kansas, to its shareholders.
''The Art of Excellence,'' which Columbia, in an innovative marketing move, released on compact disk prior to bringing it out as a conventional LP, has a majestic retrospective air.
Lord Carrington, the alliance's General Secretary, acknowledged to journalists today that Britain and other allies had ''some anxieties'' about the elimination of ballistic missiles, which in the Reykjavik formulation was to follow a 50 percent reduction in strategic weapons.
It is also seen as an effort to improve short-term financial performance.
Similarly, when men hurtled toward one another in a later scene, one wondered whether they were friends, foes or martial-art students.
All 10 Labor ministers, plus one from a small party, voted for a commission; all 10 Likud ministers, plus four others, voted no.
* 15 1 GREED AND GLORY ON WALL STREET, by Ken Auletta.
What puzzles me about this quest is its reigning idea - that there are many falsehoods in recorded sound but only one truth, that millions of high-fidelity systems struggle in a vast quicksand of inadequacy - each reaching for that one small bit of dry high ground known as ''real.''
Ford's Theater, which was closed after the assassination there, was the the museum's home from 1866 to 1888.
Another man raced across a street and extinguished the flames in the incident, which occurred about 9:50 P.M.
''The community has been sold a bill of goods by the Purcell administration,'' said Stephen Latham, of the law firm Twomey Latham Shea & Kelley, which is respresenting the opposition.
I try to orient them toward their rights as consumers, make them more militant in taking action when they have a complaint.''
Birds are expected to behave like ornithologists.
Like Hamlet's a kid from a broken home.
He also wants a continuing play between positive and negative.
''This may not be the end of the matter.''
He finished with 12 touchdowns, his 49 catches generating 1,016 yards.
The Leopards (3-1) also scored on a 35-yard pass from Clayton Evans to Phillip Eng and on a 47-yard interception return by Joe Coffey.
Ford said that it would phase out the use of copper in its car radiators, for instance, by 1988.
''Calcutta still sits on the Ganges, Basel still sits on the Rhine.
c-Includes investment gains of $37,200,000 and $107,554,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
Several coats of three-quarter length and shorter have turned up among the best sellers.
Barclays owns 40.4 percent of Barclays Bank South Africa, the country's second-largest commercial bank.
Her father, who is retired, was a vice president of the Parker Hannifin Corporation in Cleveland and the president of its automotive sector in New York.
Mr. Ward says he feels under great pressure as the primary producer of new black plays in New York; the spotlight is always on the N.E.C.
''One can see how the magic is done, but it still works,'' Mr. Harris said.
James Rowe, age 9, and his brother Edward, 11, announced that they would start selling baseball cards on their stoop.
''Four Libyan nationals are going to be expelled shortly because of acts likely to damage the public order,'' the Interior Ministry statement said.
I do not think gold neck chains macho at all; they make the wearer look like an off-duty exotic dancer.
It was the fourth world record of the championships, all set by East German women.
Listening to the taiko today, one imagines those villages must have been awfully big because, if sound has size, taiko music is enormous.
A number of reporters bought houses on that street, and it was called Times Street - a nice touch, I thought.
City officials have not proposed an alternate site for the project.
in the 1950's, Hardtack II, remained scheduled for the early fall of 1958.
While the lumber business in general has been hurt by foreign competition, oversupply and the 1982 recession, the Pacific Northwest has been hit hardest by the loss of business to the South, which has lower wages, and to Canadian concerns, which American companies charge with receiving unfair subsidies from their government.
The most sensible explanation I've seen is that the increase in interest rates affected people's view of stocks.
Nor did Soviet officials raise the issue with their American counterparts when the two sides met at the Iceland summit talks, Administration officials said.
After stock prices and money supply, the elements contributing to the March advance in the leading index were building permits, the percentage of companies receiving slower deliveries from suppliers, the length of the average workweek and the change in outstanding credit.
Mr. Reichardt said Wells was interested in further acquisitions, particularly in California.
At the appointed time someone knocked.
''It does exactly what it says it does,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
(A small pot-bellied version sells for about $3,600 and can be ordered at the museum.)
But these were born-again rebels who became dissidents only in exile and only after they had been marked out as enemies by Pol Pot.
Long a major force in European modern dance, Miss Akesson began choreographing in an Expressionistic style in the 1930's, then developing a gesturally spare manner uniquely her own.
We have enough left to make a real run for second place.''
The story of the sanctuary operated by the Roman Catholic diocese here, highlights the troubles of Texas' Rio Grande Valley, where the growing number of Central Americans is leading to increasing tension with the local population.
The per share earnings are net of preferred dividends.
''Sometimes it's better to be lucky than smart,'' he said.
A lack of high quality officers is viewed as one of the contras' major weaknesses and officials said that those trained in the United States would be sent back to the field to train others.
The performance that followed had the same qualities that had long typified the troupe's presentations: youth, energy and a certain giddy grace.
They have begun calling now for such things as sharply lower interest rates on their loans and outright forgiveness of portions of their debts.
Prices also rose in Greece by 1.5 percent and in Portugal by 1.3 percent.
In addition, all members of Congress have obviously been elected under the current system, and many are reluctant to change the rules of a game that they have played and won.
Although Marshal Sokolov's name has continued to appear under documents requiring the Defense Minister's signature, he last made a public appearance on Sept. 9.
Some imports, like the Volkswagens due later this year from from Brazil or the Pontiacs coming from South Korea, will bear familiar names.
The National Organization for Women filed a complaint.
Reports from friendly Arab nations are unreliable, an official said.
WHEN THE BOUGH BREAKS, by Jonathan Kellerman.
An improved spinning wheel also produces finer material.
The fashion business offers opportunities.
''In this provocative debut collection of stories,'' the author's ''voice seduces upon contact, and she is a master of entrancing dialogue.''
In ''base communities'' organized by priests and lay workers throughout the world, the techniques popularized by Mr. Freire are daily applied in discussion groups, sermons and religious writings.
SIX years ago, Mahwah was the focus of national attention when the gates to the sprawling Ford assembly plant were shut for the last time, leaving 3,700 people without jobs in one of the country's largest industrial layoffs.
Mr. Lee was said by the police to have been in a getaway car outside Columbus Park at the time of the shooting.
record with 2,633 all-purpose yards for the season.
To the Editor: Robert Teeter, a Detroit-based pollster and one of George Bush's closest political advisers, said that ''the religious right was likely to have less influence in primary elections than in party caucuses and conventions, which are more easily dominated by highly motivated activist groups'' (news story, June 2).
But a dispute over Canada's lumber exports threatens to complicate the discussions.
But Motel 6 does have a pool and its rate for two people is only $22.95.
Surviving are his wife, the former Margaret Raney; a daughter, Dorothy Bessette of Erie, Pa.; three sons, Michael, of Voorhees, N.J., Thomas, of Red Bank, and James, of Manalapan, N.J., and two brothers, William, of Kenilworth, N.J., and John, of Long Beach, Calif.
Hopes for additional declines in bond yields - they have fallen more than 1 1/4 percentage points since Feb. 7 - were bolstered early in the day by the unexpected drop of six-tenths of a percentage point in the index of leading economic indicators for January.
I have the deposit listings for all the branches as of the end of last month and for the past three years.''
Officials in the Governor's office strongly defend his record, saying that he has made the cleanup of waste dumps a top priority and was the driving force not only behind the bond issue but also behind the recent $30 million addition to the state Superfund program.
Late dollar rates in Europe, compared with late Wednesday, included: 2.1362 West German marks, down from 2.1405; 1.7235 Swiss francs, down from 1.7320; 6.8925 French francs, down from 6.9225; 2.4065 Dutch guilders, down from 2.4100; 1,464.00 Italian lire, down from 1,474.50, and 1.38875 Canadian dollars, down from 1.3895.
Nation's Largest System The Veterans Administration runs the nation's largest health care system, administering 172 hospitals, 226 clinics and more than 100 nursing homes that employ 25 percent of the nation's physicians, either full-time, part-time or occasionally.
Professional money managers, already focusing on the end of the first quarter, probably decided that they had waited long enough to become more heavily involved with stocks, analysts said.
In return, friends of TNN receive a calculatedly friendly presence.
Obesity leads to far greater health problems and premature death than does alcohol.
He is only 5 feet 8 inches, but he is expert in sending the puck out of the defensive zone.
More than three times as much of the lumber is imported from Canada as from the United States, according to Chuichi Kikawa of the Japan Two by Four Home Builders Association.
Ms. Stratas brings the full range of her vocal and dramatic resources to this martial call to arms for the poor and hungry, projecting the nobility of an operatic Joan of Arc.
My mother's mother's maiden name was Webster.
Mr. Turnesa, who is Titleist's tour director, and Mr. Cook, the company's salesman for the area, are deciding which pros will be getting Titleist balls to use in the competition.
Fled Down an Alley The officers retreated into a hallway and returned the fire - 20 shots and 4 shotgun blasts in all - but in the confusion of aiding the wounded and taking cover behind a stairwell and a corner of the hall, the police apparently lost sight of the apartment where Mr. Davis was cornered.
Weakness from Friday on pork bellies and lower cash prices undermined futures, said Tom O'Hare, an analyst in New York with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company.
Texaco's lawyers said the request for a new trial would not effect their efforts to have the judge disqualified.
The smaller, less expensive, easier-to-clean Oskar took department stores, specialty shops and kitchen centers by storm.
A sizable edge, and that should be decisive in a short series.
Mr. Perle was scheduled to testify, but failed to appear because, he said, he wanted to consult both the Treasury and Commerce Departments, with which he disagreed.
Andrew C. Briscoe 3d entered the race for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination Friday.
In 1939, at the age of 4, he saw his parents arrested by Stalin's secret police and he was placed in a state home for ''children of enemies of the people.''
Chambers, who appeared at a brief hearing yesterday before Acting Criminal Court Judge Leland G. DeGrasse, faces 25 years to life in prison if he is convicted of murdering Miss Levin.
The Konishiroku Photo Industry Company, which makes Konica cameras and film, offered yesterday to pay $1.625 a share in cash, or a total of $16.4 million, for the 40 percent of the ailing Fotomat Corporation that it does not already own.
Almost 6,500 tankers have been loaded since the terminal opened, and oil pours into the ships at the rate of 110,000 barrels an hour from the nine-million-barrel storage tank farm on the hill.
Her company, meantime, is expected to gross $5.5 million this year.
Although most companies offer pension plans.
But some scientists say useful insights could still be gained from the Soviet experience.
Scientists have speculated intensely about possible connections between sunspots and climate cycles, and they have found faint suggestions of solar influence in such data sources as tree rings.
The music did not stand a chance.
Tenneco Inc., Dresser Industries and the Houston office of Damson Oil also announced major layoffs.
In Teheran, the Iranian President denied today that his Government had held talks with the United States at a diplomatic level, and he dismissed Mr. Reagan's account of negotiations as ''mere lies.''
The musical, which Mr. Hamlisch describes as ''a funny show that isn't condescending,'' is a satire of American beauty pageants that follows both the hopeful teen-age contestants and the ambitious adults behind them.
----Philadelphia Talks Resume PHILADELPHIA, April 25 (UPI) -Negotiations resumed today between the Philadelphia area transit agency and leaders of 270 suburban bus and trolley drivers who struck over pay April 2, affecting 30,000 riders.
Restaurants The Peninsula has an uncommonly wide choice of places to eat, from inexpensive Italian-run pizzerias and authentic Chinese and Indian takeout spots to two of Sydney's best restaurants, both serving a home-grown kind of nouvelle cuisine.
In addition, he said, the new doctors should also be concerned about the inaccessibility of health care for many of the nation's poor and elderly.
But Randy Huwa, vice president of the public affairs lobby Common Cause, said the honorarium system ''allows special-interest groups to make large payments to members of Congress that go directly into their pockets.''
''We must take personal responsibility for what happens to our children,'' Dr. Eichelberger said.
They also discovered where a marble staircase once graced the rotunda, but later was mysteriously removed.
It is thin and silvery in color.
Here the music is a delight of lightness and life, becoming darker and I think less satisfying as the unpleasantnesses of the plot gradually make themselves known.
Both Mr. Trung and Mr. Pike, the author of a new history, ''P.A.V.N.
The destroyer is part of an American group known as the Middle East Force, which has maintained a presence in the region since 1949.
''It was the man from the driver's seat who was doing the shooting?''
'Some Bad Times' ''I, P.D.C., and the city are going to go through some bad times,'' Mr. Spinola said.
(Not long afterward, in a surprising and sweeping amnesty, the regime freed all 225 political prisoners.)
The men's ensemble has some of Halston's best stylized costumes to date - snug sailor's caps and broad straps across the torso.
The standard is now out of date.
Each could face 5 to 15 years imprisonment.
He said he got the figures from the cellmate of an official who had been arrested a few years ago.
A few slower songs grow too earnest for their own good, but when Ruefrex starts to rock, earnestness turns to a contagious fervor.
Larger establishments in this hill country offer jerky, sausages and other German delicacies.
This album is on a Swiss label devoted primarily to serious new jazz, and is hardly being marketed as a crossover new-age pop record.
* Chantal Pharmaceutical Corp. said it had received investigative new drug approval from the Food and Drug Administration to start human clinical tests of its proprietary compound cyoctol in the treatment of male pattern baldness.
The world belonged to me.
On occasions, anglers are fortunate enough to get two or three or more jumps out of a mako, but even one such spectacle - a big fish hurtling skyward then falling back in a tumult of spray - is worth the cost of a day's outing.
And it added to a growing suspicion that the Rangers had switched identities with some other fellows.
Equipment listed on these boats tends to be marine: Loran, radar and Barient winches.
Brazil is better known as an exporter of the milder Arabica type of coffee bean, but in recent years has stepped up its output of Robusta beans, sparking fears in African nations that they could be squeezed out of their traditional markets.
Their epic battles in practice in college ''brought people from miles around,'' Moore recalled this week, adding they were always an even match.
The largest of the assets to be sold is the Italian banking operations, which could fetch $700 million.
That the transition period occurred during the regular season, without the benefit of a training camp or exhibition games, was reflected in the team's dismal results.
Some have been tax-related, with new tax provisions taking effect Jan. 1.
'A Little Too Far' Last week, Governor Cuomo recommended that New York become the first state to require all physicians to pass periodic competency reviews to keep their licenses.
''After being in school for 12 years, I'd rather go into the Army,'' he said recently as he browsed among 153 brochure-strewn tables at the Big Apple College Fair at the City College of New York in Manhattan.
one formerly used in attendance on a larger vessel.''
Ms. Hennessee, a vice president of Thomson McKinnon Securities, said she did not mind if couples were mixed at a small dinner party with close friends, but ''in other situations, it can be thoughtless and hurtful.''
Earnings Are Pinched The second-quarter reports of major oil companies showed that, although masked by generally sizable refining and marketing profits, earnings were severely pinched by the continued erosion of prices for crude and petroleum products.
Both couples had their first dates on Friends of the Parks walking tours.
''The glasses shattered,'' he said, ''but they didn't do any damage.
2 man in ruling the country.
It is small wonder that teatime still flourishes as an institution.
The decline in these key sources of hard currency - President Hosni Mubarak anticipated a loss of $1.2 billion in oil revenue alone - has been partly offset by an increase in revenues from Suez Canal fees, which have risen to more than $1 billion a year.
'' ''They make fun of my accent,'' Mr. Seminerio said, ''and I say, 'How can you appreciate my concerns, living up here with cows?'
''I'll work for whoever's there,'' he said.
Some expert commentators projected the course of events and made pithy comments on the performance of those involved.
''These students are the audience of the future,'' the artistic director of the Quaigh, Will Lieberson, said.
If he's going to react like he did to that call today in every match, he'll have an ulcer in a week.
No major components have been recovered at this time.''
Wilson also wondered how good Flutie was, given his U.S.F.L.
The State of California is tentatively offering $2.6 billion of tax-exempt revenue anticipation notes with a final maturity on June 30, 1987, through underwriters led by the Bank of America.
The company went public a year later, selling 25 percent of its stock on London's over-the-counter market.
I don't know what's in there, but if we did anything inadvertently wrong, we'll correct it.''
Less than a generation ago, medical students were taught that the blood-brain barrier was an absolute, if mysterious, bar.
While it is agreed here that he is articulate and personable, it was thought that Robert Bork, a former Yale University law professor who is also on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, had a more brilliant career, and having been passed over once despite the recommendation of the conservative wing of the Republican Party, would this time be chosen.
After meeting with Mr. Genscher in New York last month, the Soviet Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, called Bonn's foreign policy ''constructive'' - unthinkable praise only a few months ago - and he accepted an invitation to come here early next year.
That concern was a hallmark of his campaign for re-election, and he became the first Republican in New Jersey to win the majority of votes cast by members of minority groups in an election.
I wanted to be praiseworthy like that, so I kept up with things.
To the Editor: Far be it from me to join Jill Norgren (Op Ed, April 5) and Clifton Daniel (letter, April 22) in their first-name teapot tempest, although I concede some sympathy and much admiration for Mr. Daniel's witty statement of his position.
''Her attitude,'' explained the producer, Stan Margulies, ''is that she went out on a limb when she wrote the book, and she feels she must now take the final step and go out on a limb again in doing the film.''
The Columbia was ultimately launched successfully on Jan. 12, but only after repeated delays.
The Outdoor Club of Barbados (426-6739), an environmental group, conducts a variety of daily, five-mile trail hikes that are extended into all-day events with lunch, talks on history and horticulture, swimming and a barbecue dinner with entertainment and dancing.
In the same period, Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was ahead by 19.40 percent.
Raynaud's current show of paintings and sculptures in SoHo has its share of white tiles, and it is long on calculated incongruities.
The reason for the crisis is plain to see: a number of countries have not paid their bills.
Copyright (c) 1986 by Mary Hemingway, John Hemingway, Patrick Hemingway and Gregory Hemingway.
That decree was lifted in March, but a new state of emergency was decreed last month.
The measure, patterned after the Federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law, creates a new crime of enterprise corruption, punishable by as much as 25 years in prison.
Justice Brennan, repeating a theme that he used in recent speech, said that now that the High Court is in a ''period of retrenchment'' in the area of civil and political liberities, the state courts must ''step into the breach.''
With a lineup of saxophones, violins and guitars (two of each), plus cello, electric bass and drums, the Ordinaires have myriad textures at their disposal.
''Heretofore we have seen lots of individuals.
Initially, college officials hoped to enroll 125 black and 35 Hispanic students for the fall semester.
The excess will be trimmed off after the strip is hung.
The liberation promised by Jesus, argued the Rev.
Mr. Dunne, who has served as a legal assistant to judges, said: ''I worked in the courts for a decade, in criminal courts and in the Supreme Court.
The doorbell buzzes, and the telephone rings, and Mrs. Fitzgerald often gets up from her microphone to answer them.
And though they had mixed feelings about their college experience (''After four years of commuting to Washington Square, I never wanted to see the place again,'' said Mr. Stern, class of '57), they have taken on the challenge of transforming their long-neglected school into something approaching their own image of themselves: ambitious, successful and rich.
Mr. Yeutter set a July 1 deadline for agreement on the compensation Western Europe will offer the United States in the form of increased imports of American goods for new restrictions on American agricultural sales to Spain.
Gen. Fidel V. Ramos, now Chief of Staff in Mrs. Aquino's new Government, ordered an investigation, but no one has been prosecuted.
And they will have the previous week off while the Washington Redskins play a wild-card game against the 49ers or the Rams, whichever one does not play the Giants.
So far, however, the lower dollar has not caused much reduction in imports or expanded exports.
If, after Sept. 1, you cancel any booking for Dec. 26 or later, the fee will be $25.
Clothes are serious when you get in my category.''
Though he praised labor's cooperation in the forced partnership of the fiscal crisis, he said, ''You would be disappointed if I didn't abuse your hospitality at least at little by raising some issues that you'll probably regard as outrageous.''
Hours and Fees The center is open from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. daily except on Thanksgiving Day, Dec. 24 and 25 and New Year's Day.
The White House announced today that the Holocaust survivor and author Elie Wiesel would be appointed to a second term as head of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council.
Among the old friends returning to the festival are the Waverly Consort, the Tokyo and Guarneri String Quartets, the Beaux Arts Trio and a veritable pride of renowned pianists, including Garrick Ohlsson, Ruth Laredo, Youri Egorov, Emanuel Ax and Alicia de Larrocha.
''Step-by-Step Telephone Installation and Repair'' by Joe G. Pena (Tab Books; $9.95, paperback).
And when he was finished, he walked slowly across the outfield grass, ducked through a doorway in the right-field corner and disappeared.
The goal is to have 100 people, no more, no less, show up for a flight with 100 seats, and airlines have become quite proficient at playing the odds.
Sales by businesses fell 1.6 percent in March, the third monthly decline in a row, the Commerce Department reported today.
But ABC Entertainment has clearly lost all balance, first in budgeting so much time and money for an absurd treatment of Soviet-American relations and then in betraying its news operation to a crude Soviet threat.
Also included in the collection are Victorian clothing and collectible paper dolls, the latter including early English, Continental and American lithographs.
Mr. Fitzhugh said the men sold the contaminated feed, even though they knew it was contaminated, and ''represented by words or actions'' that it was safe for consumption by animals.
In between are conditions that call for active management of the pregnancy.
It is to be joined to a 60-foot-high cubic memorial hall built of translucent stone and illuminated, symbolizing the eternal flame sacred to Jewish tradition.
Africa is once again, as it was for so many colonials, not a set of cultures with their own history and integrity, but the exotic backdrop for the doings of Europeans, a playground for the affluent of the world.
The value of tuna caught in New York - most are caught in Montauk but some are taken at other coastal towns along Long Island's south shore - more than doubled from 1984 to 1985, going from $765,146 to $1.84 million and is expected to top $2 million this year, officials said.
''But the thing about coming up in Philly,'' he says, ''is that all the fellows used to get together quite often.
We are all daughters of yet other daughters, and everywhere are strewn the mothers with broken hearts.
Stated differently, the 1967 dollar is now worth 30.2 cents.
When free television came in, it was a real, real novelty, and the movies in the 50's were really not that good on balance.
Finally, the global mobility of capital and technology is bringing modern industry to developing nations.
Bonebo, whose national-team experience included competition against such powers as the United States, the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, has been compared to Manute Bol - he carries only 215 pounds on 7 feet 3 inches - but is probably better, at least from the offensive standpoint.
In Britain a formal investigation involving a major company such as Guinness is rare.
1 building of the No.
At Anheuser-Busch, Jerry Solomon, who directs the ad buying for the company's nine brands, including Budweiser, said the company was as committed as ever to commercials on football, which he called ''the most efficient way to reach the male beer-drinking audience.''
's may be able to give an opinion.
Mr. Ciardi, who made his home in Metuchen, N.J., was 69 years old.
The grass had invaded the tennis courts, and the time-dulled marble halls echoed as empty places do.
There is no scientific evidence that TCE and/or PCE, at the exposure levels of wells G and H, could have caused any of these health effects.''
Anthony Caporizzo, a certified public accountant in Stamford, Conn., who has counseled several clients on campus purchases, said that under current regulations, parents who are in the 50 percent income-tax bracket could write off half the net carrying costs.
''We'll keep a close watch on it, and if it's necessary at all the Mayor and the Commissioner will impose whatever is needed,'' he said.
Today and tomorrow there will be two films by Federico Fellini - ''Amarcord'' and ''The Clowns.''
The hours of the open studio are from 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. For information, the number is 243-5874.
Technically ''it should be called the Bono estate,'' Mr. Taggert acknowledged.
He was elected to the national board of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in 1946 and in 1948 became Southern regional director of the Progressive Party.
Quoting Mr. Chirac about agreements to combat terrorism, Mr. Baudouin said, ''We have to be flexible, pragmatic, and not doctrinaire.''
Tom Fergus and Peter Ihnacak had scored 22 seconds apart early in the third period for Toronto to make the score 5-5.
It is an important holy site for the Druze, many of whom travel to pray there throughout the year.
''When you're stuck, one of the easiest ways to get out of the bind is to give yourself a scene to set,'' the composer said the other day in his office at Fisher Hall.
he said, before shouting to a potential customer: ''One dollar here!
The bill would include all 13 separate appropriation bills, which are not expected to be approved before the fiscal year begins.
McInally took the scout to Widener Library and they found a quiet corner.
Soviet units were said to have moved out of garrisons into the field, an airborne division in Eastern Europe was placed on alert for quick deployment, and units of the Soviet special forces, which are trained for operations behind enemy lines, were moved to new positions.
And when these comments were relayed to Larouche, the player said: ''I don't even think about convincing Ted.
Following is a summary of reviews of restaurants that have appeared in The New York Times.
I'm not going to do anything today.'
She spent time in the student lounge telling her friends about life in Alcoa.
Gen. Fidel V. Ramos, the former Marcos deputy Chief of Staff of the armed forces, who joined Mr. Enrile in the military breakaway last weekend, became Mrs. Aquino's Chief of Staff and was promoted to full general.
The subject of his war record is Mr. Marcos's rhetorical bulwark.
The sugar maple tree is threatened with extinction in the Northeast unless drastic environmental protection measures are taken, according to forestry experts here.
Admission to the Wildfowl Exhibition is $25 per person for the Friday night preview; Saturday and Sunday, $4 for adults and $1 for children under 10.
They represented something to him.
Besides Judge Smith, the jurists -George J. Balbach, Kenneth N. Browne, Philip J. Chetta, Vincent F. Naro and John T. Gallagher, all of State Supreme Court - all offered character references on Mr. Brennan's behalf.
There's still a tinge of Marxist austerity in our literary criticism.
A former Secretary of Defense.
To the Editor: Doug Bandow's plea for 10-year renewable terms for Federal judges (''End Life Tenure for Judges,'' Op-Ed, Sept. 6) is flawed in both concept and justification.
Meeting With Mother Recalled by Colleague One exception occurred at Leslie's wedding in April 1984 to Tracie Swaine, a supermarket checkout cashier.
''Thus any sign of a possible reduction or increase in the supply-demand situation tends to send bullion prices soaring or plunging.''
But Lyndon Johnson slipped us into a terrible war in Vietnam, all the while denying what he was doing.
Thirty works will share $10,000 in prize money, to be awarded during a public reception from 8 to 10 P.M. Friday in the gallery and sculpture garden.
[ Page A1, Column 6. ]
Dr. Leopold's final purchase was a Josef Hoffmann bentwood writing table, made about 1905, for which he paid $29,700.
''We're still working on the final clearances for planning and zoning, and from the Building Department,'' Mr. McKenney said.
2 draft pick in 1977 after starring at California.
Repeal was a 1980 campaign promise Mr. Reagan did not pursue, perhaps because public opinion surveys indicated that most Americans approved of the law, even if they frequently flout it.
''IT occurs to him that he had allowed himself to get more keyed up over the operation than he should've,'' writes Richard Russo of his hero, Dan Wood.
I've learned not to miss moments.
There is a major difference between the Los Angeles standards and the colleges' Rule 48.
''If you affirm the N.Y.S.E.
Although long-term bonds did not hold their highest prices of the day, many analysts were optimistic that the drop in short-term rates will help reduce yields and raise prices for bonds in the future.
All it takes is more careful selection and more thoughtful preparation of the food we buy and are served, a willingness to experiment with new products and with techniques and combinations that draw on the world's cuisines.
''This Government is just not governing,'' a senior American diplomat told colleagues this week.
They criticized the plan before President Reagan's decision was announced, saying such a move was tantamount to subsidizing the Soviet economy.
Five of those rebounds were on offense, and four were converted into points.
Others, however, play down the situation.
Miss Hardin, a teacher at the Woodstock Elementary School in Virginia Beach, Va., and her fiance graduated from Duke University in 1983.
Its first step after the merger was to consolidate the two banks' national divisions, which cater to corporations across the country.
Then we had a disaster that might have been prevented had NASA and its contractors been subject to continuing scrutiny.
A Victory, Shamir Says But Yitzhak Shamir, the Likud bloc leader and Foreign Minister, told reporters the deal was ''a victory for the national unity Government.''
The Court found that the provision violated the Constitution's separation-of-powers doctrine.
''The economy is going downhill.
Both composers have been feted throughout the year with a plethora of anniversary concerts.
Actor in a Yiddish musical: Yankele Alperin (''A Match Made in Heaven'').
And even NBC, at the crest of success, has undertaken a ''functional analysis'' aimed at identifying fat.
The structure of Bloch's work is simple - 300 theoretical pages on the philosophical foundations of ''anticipatory consciousness,'' followed by 1,000 critical pages tracking this consciousness across the history of civilization.
The boat heads south to the Statue of Liberty, then either up the East River and back, or straight back up the Hudson, depending upon prevailing currents.
5.Add the carrots, turnips and potatoes and cook, covered, for another 20 minutes.
For those who believe that jazz should be fun, Paul Weinstein's ''Jazz at 6'' series starts its spring season this evening with two musicians who, in the tradition of the violinist Joe Venuti, have fun playing the music as well as talking about it.
It is as if they had flung up their arms and exclaimed, ''It's tough figuring out what's right and wrong, so everything is forbidden!''
The top executives of each unit will be co-chairmen of the corporate body and the move heralds greater cooperation in consumer research between the two companies.
The Zegyo market nearby is said to be northern Burma's busiest bazaar.
The official, Douglas Zefting, the city's Commissioner of Environmental Services, remained unconscious in the emergency department of Highland Hospital for more than two hours before his temperature was taken and before any effort was made to cool him down, according to the Monroe County Medical Examiner, Dr. Nicholas Forbes, who reported the case to the state Wednesday.
New York has historically had far better schools and a superior record in supporting them, they say.
The investment banker making a $20 million fee on a merger does not much care if he has to pay $15,000 for information.
Bruce Hurst (8-6) yielded three runs, two of them earned, in six and one-third innings.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The five were either unavailable for comment or declined to be interviewed.
Three monumental bronze works by Henry Moore have been installed in the first permanent outdoor sculpture reserve in the United States.
Memoirs of a Protester By coincidence, the protests come amid a burst of reminiscences of the legendary events of 1968, in particular a series of documentary films produced by Daniel Cohn-Bendit -Danny the Red himself - being shown in weekly segments on television.
Aided immeasurably by Jennifer Tipton's lighting, Mr. Robbins has created a highly theatrical piece.
Binns and Page, who were playing as a team for the first time and were seeded fourth, played virtually flawless squash, alternating several drives with high lobs to Johnson along the right wall.
RELIEF PITCHERS - Joe Sambito, Sammy Stewart, Rod Scurry, Doug Corbett, Dickie Noles, Frank Pastore, Joe Price, Larry Andersen, Rick Langford, Bill Campbell, Dave Tomlin.
They successfully resisted his attempt to cow them with military force, and he eventually had to flee into exile after the Reagan Administration abandoned its support.
Five New York Stage Failures With two young children and a wife who teaches at the University of California at Los Angeles, Mr. Lithgow concedes that he's choosier about what stage roles he'll take on now.
The director adds that he's shying away from some of the more literal traps in the ''Ring'' - no ram for Fricka, for instance, or horses for the Valkyries.
The Toy Shop lets you choose for assembly any of 20 different projects ranging from a simple flying propeller, (essentially four decorated blades attached to a stick), which can be launched by twirling the shaft, to an amazingly complex steam engine.
Some of those who must commute are not so sanguine.
Of course not, but it is perfectly consistent with previous Reagan Administration actions toward Cubans who wish to leave the island.
Only the black awning and the electric-blue nudes by Yves Klein in the window signal its whereabouts on the street - and perhaps the presence of Larissa, a fur designer of some mystery, rumored to be a Russian-born, French-educated refugee with a Belgian passport.
The second session of the 99th Congress begins Tuesday, and lawmakers expect the year to be dominated by one overwhelming issue, the struggle to control a budget deficit that has now soared beyond $200 billion a year.
He also conditioned his support for formal diplomatic recognition of Israel by the Vatican on a solution to the Palestinian problem and safety guarantees for Christians living in the Middle East.
An icy summertime delight since Depression days, the Popsicle now has to adapt to a world of more sophisticated and expensive tastes.
He and his wife, who died in 1958, also wrote, more broadly, about the role of mushrooms in many cultures.
The vote was 308 to 77.
One of the biggest difficulties in the negotiations was finding enough savings after the $4.8 billion in revenue increases were dropped to get to a $144 billion deficit.
The plunge in the peso's value has come in the free exchange rate, which accounts for only 20 percent of the transactions in Mexico's currency.
Some contend that millions of service jobs are being ''de-skilled'' so they can be filled by people with a minimum of education and wage pretension.
''There's no theory any longer here.''
When he resigned in 1982, he was replaced by his deputy director and chief curator, Richard Koshalek.
Throughout his career Dr. Chang has involved himself in Hispanic-American affairs.
They were hardly reassured when Mr. Strauss said that it would take several generations before genetic damage could be established.
''Things are stolen because there is a market, and this law would broaden the market for archeological material in the United States,'' said Mark Leone, a spokesman for the Society of American Archeology, which represents American archeologists.
Shelley's friend, Thomas Jefferson Hogg, who was expelled with him from Oxford because of the pamphlet 'The Necessity of Atheism,' memorably described him as 'a pacifist tempered with occasional assassinations.'
County officials estimate that 20 percent of the hospital's patients are undocumented aliens who either live in El Paso or come over from Juarez.
Her mother, Valentina Hosking, is an assistant district attorney in Brooklyn.
The works communicate an awareness both of the power and necessity of myths - whether age old or generated by popular culture - and of their danger.
Mr. Randlett said that more appropriate trade legislation would be a measure that permitted flexibility in dealing with individual countries and that addressed particular problem areas.
Willy Mosconi, who coached Paul Newman for ''The Hustler,'' hasn't played pool professionally now in more than 20 years and wasn't used for this film.
And the end may be very bitter.''
Connors Beaten in Quarterfinal HONG KONG, Oct. 31 (AP) - Seventh-seeded Ramesh Krishnan of India scored a major upset in the quarterfinals of the $200,000 Seiko Super Tennis tournament today, beating top-seeded Jimmy Connors of the United States, 4-6, 6-3, 6-4.
After a concert, they do another sweep of the area.
''They want the very best for their children, and eventually, that means attending college.''
Griffey Gets First Hit After Darryl Motley's three-run double against Joe Niekro in the top of the fifth had increased the Royals' lead to 5-0, Ken Griffey led off the Yankee fifth with the first hit against Saberhagen, a single, and Mike Pagliarulo followed by lofting a home run into the right-center-field bleachers.
Workers and Young People At the heart of the column lay Father Orszulik's contention that both church teachings and Polish law affirmed the right of people to organize associations, and he specifically talked about workers, farmers, women and young people.
Inconsistencies cloud both accounts, though Admiral Peary's is more generally accepted.
Some appetizer choices are smoked quail with shiitake mushrooms, salmon sausage with herb sauce or vegetable tart.
Hunter got the first goal and his 27th of the season at 4:18 of the first period when he batted in a rebound off a shot by Goulet.
He then was hired by Northrop, which apparently was unaware of his dismissal, his criminal record or his actual educational background.
In January, Morton Gould - at 72 - was elected to the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, filling the vacancy left by Roger Sessions's death.
Victim Drove Bishop Home The victim, who lived at 2720 Surf Avenue, in Coney Island, had spent the evening with Bishop Sullivan and had dropped him at his home on Clinton Avenue, near Willoughby Street, about 15 blocks from the murder scene, at about midnight, the Bishop said.
An exemption permits the city to contract with a company that does business in South Africa if its nearest competitor that does not do business in that country is more expensive.
Looking at them in the flesh he was struck with wonder, and as he watched them he gloried in the peace, the order, the serenity granted by a law on such a vast and immutable scale.
Demonstration of antique hand press.
His phrase recognizes a belief that big-city populations have become such a minority in American politics, and the prospects for renewed Federal assistance so dim, that the problems of the cities must be approached in ways that appeal to other sectors of the population as well.
Betty and Zorg move in together, but they are soon being harassed by Zorg's landlord, a lecherous old man.
The departure of Western students and tourists gathers pace.
We have our own Lostwithiels, discovered, forgotten, rediscovered, subtle and hidden, kept secret by their proprietary lovers.
And as it normally does, the agency had worked with the Visual Arts Program of the endowment, whose task is to appoint, for each new General Services building, a professional panel that makes a match between artist and site.
But he expressed confidence that Chief Raiford would be well received.
''However, at this time, I felt Bobby Hebert and Dave Wilson fit better into our plans than Richard did.''
The White House said Friday that Mr. Reagan was prepared to recommend approval of the accords even in the absence of an agreement with Moscow on new verification measures, but would not consider the treaties effective until improved verification measures had been approved.
Mr. LaRouche asserts that he has become such an important world figure that he is the target of numerous assassination plots.
The general is under growing pressure at home and abroad to act promptly to restore democracy.
But it is $2 billion less than the $5.4 billion requested for 1987 and well below the amount that a committee, headed by James C. Fletcher, now head of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, had judged necessary to explore all the approaches for a decision by the early 1990's.
The research team, headed by Ruth E. Patterson, cautioned against simplistic assumptions about the causes of childhood obesity, which they found more closely linked to low educational status among parents than to any other environmental factor examined.
From 40 to 50 percent of the babies of heavy drinkers are born with F.A.S.
Picket Signs on Front Lawns The Greenwich residents, along with some neighbors in Stamford, contend that corporate development over two decades has already compromised the semirural scenery here and turned residential avenues into noisy, dangerous thoroughfares.
On Wednesday the White House spokesman, Larry Speakes, said a major push would be made to enlist Western support for sanctions.
While children and parents were surprised by the ride being closed, its effect also toucheed the lives of a half-dozen volunteers who worked as pony guides and grooms.
In the adjacent gallery, 48 pieces by John Shedd of Rocky Hill represent a potter working through material and process to develop his vision.
'' Chub Feeney went to San Francisco with the Giants after the 1957 season.
As the Federal Government retreats from its role as a financier of dams and other water projects, environmentalists and others are pressing for establishment of a free market in water as a way to make more efficient use of a scarce resource.
''Orchard Beach,'' it said, ''City of New York Parks and Recreation.
staff, that would also be welcome.
There were two shows at Wednesday night's performance of ''Cuba and His Teddy Bear'' at the Public Theater.
''He has asked for political asylum in France, and under our laws there is no method for removing him that would be legal,'' Mr. Vaisse said.
In those games, Albert King scored 18 points and grabbed 7 rebounds against him in a loss to the Nets, and Michael Jordan scorched him for most of his 50 points in a loss to the Bulls.
Supporters of the Nationalist Government, perhaps anticipating the Administration, have already urged that the sale be balanced with the sale of more fighter aircraft to Taiwan.
Some of the treaty's opponents had argued that mere possession of firearms did not belong on the list.
Meanwhile, he is saddled with a weekly series of escapades that look penny ante but inevitably turn out to be big stuff.
And Long Island does not have California's thin crust over the earth's natural nuclear reactor that supplies the heat for geothermal electric generators - a technology that has been developed and exploited over the last 50 years.
''But now it does make a certain sense in that museums have neglected women artists.''
The swift advance of technology is unsettling; some of the foundation-stones past societies took for granted are gone.
Travel and coaching expenses are provided by the federation.
Federal officials may not shift funds from one appropriation to another or spend money for an unauthorized purpose.
Meanwhile, Mr. Pinola is expanding the services offered at his company's banks.
Fifty-four percent said they disapproved.
Whoever can be found will have to provide compensation, and it is the one with the deepest pockets who gets the bill.
It is not inconceivable that some day even Sears may introduce a Kenmore line of computers.
IS this country in the midst of a litigation explosion or isn't it?
Some, like Landon Thomas, 52 years old and the vice chairman of Fiduciary Trust Company of New York, speak of the ''genuine pleasure of skiing with people who know what they are doing.
Something real'' ain't the half of it.
Medical experts say that blood changes begin at at dose of 25 rems, sickness usually starts at 100 rems, severe sickness at 200 rems, with the death of half the population at 400 rems and the death of nearly everyone at 600 rems within about a week.
They also skewer truffles, shrimp or crayfish, and they decorate hot and cold dishes.
Her mother, Antoinette D. Finn, is a nurse with the Yorktown Heights, N.Y., school system.
Further, power has been exercised increasingly by an inner circle made up of Mr. Funaro; the President's chief of staff, Marcos Maciel; the head of intelligence, Gen. Ivan Mendes, and the Army Minister, General Leonides Pires Goncalves, as well as a handful of Mr. Sarney's relatives and friends.
Plushy with description (''a heavy round mahogany table, so highly polished that the Gothic silver toast-racks in front of each placing gleamed like little silver galleons on still brown water''), ''Gentlemen'' immediately sinks the reader into a comfortable, upholstered world - a world seemingly accessible, in all its social and personal details, to the book's cheerfully omniscient narrator.
Her father, senior partner in the Lincoln law firm of Baylor, Evnen, Curtiss, Grimit & Witt, is a former Chief Judge of the Nebraska Court of Industrial Relations.
He said the ground-floor alteration was ''hideous'' and that the facade was punctuated by air conditioners.
Her mother, Selma Rosen, is a partner in Gallery Three, an art gallery in Palm Beach.
A DINNER of lobsters, splendid though it may be from the guests' point of view, often leaves a lingering sadness in the mind of the cook - particularly if he or she is an expert at picking a lobster clean.
A spokesman for Weidenfeld & Nicolson, the publishing house owned by the defendants, said the company had not seen the complaint and would have no comment.
Theatrically, there are moments to hold on to.
By ignoring these polls and statements, the Honduran ''political analysts'' whom you quote severely misstate the focus of Honduran public concern.
While the Senate debates the issue, taxpayers do not have to sit completely frozen on the sidelines.
''Tomorrow I want to see us set a record.''
On the Republican side Clint Roberts, Mr. Daschle's opponent in 1982, is in a close race with Lieut.
What was her first labor like?
Returning to the Purchase area, a number of excellent dining possibilities are available with choices ranging from East Indian soup and poori in White Plains to creamy fettuccine Alfredo at a restaurant in Rye.
Leon H. Sullivan of Philadelphia.
Ricardo Cardinal Vidal said at the end of a two-day meeting of the Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines that a pastoral letter would be issued supporting the constitution because ''it will lead toward stability.''
Worldwide Pepsi sales totaled $2.9 billion in 1984, while Seven-Up domestic sales amounted to $734 million.
But that would mean making films as good as 'The Bicycle Thief' or 'Grand Illusion.'
Mexico's economy is not likely to rebound soon, bankers and economists there say, citing inflation and deficits.
If there are any characteristics repeated about Mr. Boeksy they are his drive and his aggressiveness.
Last December, he said, Greece and the P.L.O.
Mr. Clavell said he would not accept even that theoretical risk, in part because it was vital for the publisher to have ''Whirlwind'' out in the fall, during the most important season for books.
#8 Men Arraigned The task force report was released after undercover police last weekend broke up two rings that they accused of engaging in sexual abuse of male youths and in child pornography.
The Postal Service issued yesterday a 25-cent stamp honoring Jack London.
A sometime photographer, he loves the ambitious Suzette, who chooses Henley, the rich, homosexual ''dressmaker to the Queen'' over Colin in his poor neighborhood.
CAREER WOMAN Olivia Tucker Ward is a woman of many careers.
LIKE most farmers' sons, David Polidoro had very little chance to play baseball as a boy.
She found a large wooden crate at the plumbing store next to her office and used it as the coffee table.
''Our aerospace and submarine operations continued their strong performances and showed sales and earnings gains over comparable periods in 1985,'' said Stanley C. Pace, chairman and chief executive of General Dynamics, which is based in St. Louis.
Chinese tea is almost invariably jasmine, a lovely tea that tastes cloying when taken in excess.
It was her first formal engagement in the company of the pianist Dick Wellstood.
Southern Mississippi 69 Virginia Tech 66 HATTIESBURG, Miss.
He still faces a decision by the jury on a charge of illegal gambling activity.
The spots and cough are due to Kaposi's sarcoma or K.S., a formerly rare type of cancer that afflicts more than a third of all AIDS victims, causing purple lesions of the skin and invading the lungs and other organs.
It was the mailing of the secretaries' state payroll checks to the legislators' Queens district offices that constituted mail fraud, the indictment said.
He argued that the measures would harm blacks - something disputed by many South African black leaders - while pushing the Government of President P. W. Botha into increasingly hard-line positions.
President Reagan urged the Senate Intelligence Committee today to grant limited immunity to two former White House aides to compel them to testify about the Iran arms affair.
Actors use bold gestures and almost all wear half masks.
The result: more carriers going under or being forced to merge.
Beneficiaries include the Legal Aid Society and Visiting Nurse Service.
is all heart and almost no craft.
''We know he doesn't want to be here,'' Jordan said during a telephone interview that took place before the trade was made.
Under Mikhail S. Gorbachev, there has been a trend toward more openness, but the Government information agencies still take time before providing a more detailed public accounting.
Gedman has revealed a understated personality behind those drowsy eyes.
''Tracy has three alternatives for the first day,'' Ghislaine said.
With her typical energy, the Duchess also created a literary salon that became celebrated.
Local downgrading, I call it.
The Giants' trainers have advised Thomas not to attempt to kick until Sunday, and Thomas said he did not know if he could kick then.
However, the linebackers haven't generated enough confidence for the club to stay strictly in a 3-4 and much of the time it will use a 4-3 alignment.
The discount rate is the interest that the Fed charges to lend money to banks and is a signal of its intention to reduce interest rates.
The winners were: Alicia Duran, Elias and Laura Konstantinovsky, Miguel Reygadas and Dr. George Rosenkranz.
And while it is hardly subtle in character, it is maddeningly elusive when wine makers try to reproduce it someplace other than on the slopes between Dijon and Macon in central France.
This summer, the Commerce Department imposed a hefty duty on candles from China, a move that most industry experts say will save the domestic candle making industry.
The Scripps Howard Foundation yesterday awarded its national prizes for excellence in journalism in 1985 to 12 newspapers, four radio and four television stations and to a freelance cartoonist.
Doubt has been cast on that allegation by the Central Intelligence Agency's decision to change its method of assessing the yields of such tests.
Main courses, $6.95 to $19.95.
Children nonetheless will probably like it, not because it has an endearing dormouse, a fantastic caterpillar and so on, but because the ballet is action-packed, even cinematically paced.
Clinics at two of the schools dispensed contraceptive devices to students who had parental permission to use the health services; at the other seven schools, prescriptions for contraceptives were written and the students were referred to the affiliated hospitals and clinics to have them filled.
GIANTS (NFC) - Cut Phil McConkey, wide receiver; Dee Hardison, defensive end, and Conrad Goode, center.
In its first attack on the market for engineering and scientific computers, I.B.M.
Though a vintage movie poster is often a thing of beauty, it is not necessarily a joy forever.
It cost $1.4985 to buy one pound late yesterday, compared with $1.5065 Friday.
This week, a spokesman for the F.D.A., Terry Troxell, said that new data from the European Council of Chemical Manufacturers Federation, an industry association, might indicate that the agency overestimated the chemical's risk to people and that it should not be banned from any consumer products.
''She is probably the best nose I've ever come across,'' says George Friedman, the founder and former president of Warner Cosmetics.
''We could see no visible evidence of any leak at all in the joints.''
As a result, the industry has long been vulnerable to price competition from new low-cost entrants.
Military contractors, on the other hand, may enjoy a windfall in the short run by paying taxes at the new lower rates on income deferred from previous years.
Dr. Smyth's comments contradicted earlier statements by his superior, Dr. John Smialek, the state's chief medical examiner, who had said an autopsy indicated that Bias probably snorted the drug.
Then along came American euphemisms such as restroom and comfort station, along with the British euphemisms water closet and loo.
Sheets said in a telephone interview from his office in Florida, that hurricanes ''will not occur and people ought not to think that they are somehow protected from them.''
It was part of a deal struck with the women's group.
For the last two weeks, 200 Syrian soldiers from General Kanaan's ''special force'' have been assisting Lebanese troops and the paramilitary police patrol West Beirut after ending 28 months of militia rule of the city.
The judge ascribed the three-year delay to the death of the court reporter who had been responsible for transcribing the trial testimony.
In an interview, however, Mr. Saunders said: ''Virtually every institution has some kind of program.
After 15 years as the hard-working, hip-shimmying, microphone-caressing lead singer for the the Ike and Tina Turner Revue, Ms. Turner had walked out on her abusive husband in 1975 and started again on her own.
Mr. Matters, 44, will continue as a consultant.
won the right to produce 75 percent of the engines in the fiscal year 1985.
Mr. Bradley has maintained the Great Republic as a parlor car.
The bulletins are technically possible because, under Czech law, internal bulletins of lawfully established organizations are exempt from censorship.
''We had to make concessions on neighborhood,'' said Betsy Gardella, executive director of the organization, which has taught dance to such diverse groups as New York City police officers and Chinese schoolchildren.
Jeffrey Tate's conducting tended toward stiffness and regularity, allowing the music little breathing space.
The foreign officials who said there were indications of careful preparation pointed out that the place of worship, the Neve Shalom Synagogue, had been closed for restoration and that the Saturday morning service was the first religious ritual conducted there for six weeks.
The Georgia athletic program was also the subject of a critical, 18-part series by The Macon Telegraph and News that last year won the Pulitzer Prize for specialized reporting.
Instead, entire classes of possible biological agents are being examined.
Now, under a program that will be announced tomorrow by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, a way may open to provide more money for second mortgages - and lower the interest rate for homeowners seeking cash from their equity.
First prize for the String Competition (open to violin, viola, cello and double bass) is a $1,500 cash award and an appearance with the symphony; a $1,000 cash prize will be awarded the winner of the Guitar Competition, with a solo recital in Augusta .
Stravinsky's ''Suite Italienne'' was disappointingly heavy, and lacked the grace and elegance that is its soul.
* Quarex Industries, Ridgewood, Queens, a food wholesaler, accepted the resignations of Jules L. Verner as chairman and Frank Castellana as president.
Despite the strictures and the existing restrictions, business leaders are relatively optimistic.
If I want to hear music, surely there is something on my shelf or on the radio that can satisfy me; if I want to hear a certain record I don't have, perhaps I can borrow it from a friend or a library.
Always has and probably always will.
Together, we are told, they approach the solving of young peoples' problems with humor, resourcefulness and compassion.
Crab cakes are excellent - brittle outside, meaty and faintly peppery inside.
Another source, however, said the two airlines had met within the last two weeks, and that discussions about ''joining forces'' in the reservations area might have been put on hold only because T.W.A.
Expansion of aviation drug tests for airline employees who are involved in flight operations is being considered by the Department of Transportation.
According to law-enforcement officials, Mr. Harper, apparently believing he would be convicted, took steps to leave town while the jury was deliberating.
Written and illustrated by Matt Novak.
The war began in September 1980.
By backing down in the face of General Pinochet's intransigence, the Administration has cheered Chile's hard-liners and demoralized the democratic forces it claims to support.
Sure, the style of managing is more aggressive than before, but you've got to play.
It was the refusal of Mr. Griffith's stepfather, Cedric Sandiford, to testify that prompted the dismissals.
''Kisan intimidates people,'' Mr. Rivera said.
It heads toward a specific point, although by no stretch of the imagination could you call its plot strictly linear.
Unlike goods, services cannot be taxed or stopped at a country's border, so countries impose limits on foreign operations to protect local producers.
Johnny Hector went over after a 64-yard drive that featured a 28-yard completion to Toon, over the middle on third-and-11, and another O'Brien-to-Toon that brought the ball 12 yards to the 1.
''The Titan missile has been plagued with problems,'' said Gene R. LaRocque, a retired admiral who is director of the Center for Defense Information, a private, nonprofit organization based in Washington.
We are sitting on something much bigger and better than most people realize.
We want more of Joe Duell.
Representative Lee H. Hamilton, chairman of the House intelligence panel, has introduced legislation that would force the White House to ask openly for the aid.
This production is one of those rare sitting-on-the-edge-of-your-seat exercises that actually demands and rewards attention to details, right down to the final hour, which is, admittedly, a bit of an overheated letdown.
The spokesman would not say on what ground Washington based the request.
Stolen With Frames The police said they believed the thieves walked half a mile through fields, entered the mansion through French windows at the rear and took the paintings away in a van.
Told about Mrs. Holman's complaint, Mr. Grant said that Miss Merrill was barely on the screen during the half-hour anyway.
Fukami's questions, fears and anxieties, are mollified by the belief that a higher presence guides him.
Still marveling at the Peales' ambitious Pacific itinerary, Mr. Zinsser added, ''Now, that's positive thinking.''
Military orders totaled $10.54 billion in November after declining 43.4 percent in October.
I'm not near my peak.''
But in one key respect, he is different from his neighbors.
In the final, powerfully filmed fight between Billy and Paddy in the nightclub's jammed men's room, we want Billy, the representative of sanity, to beat up the blind man.
The police then stormed into the neighboring arts and science faculty of the University of Chile, where at least 300 people were detained.
Place the turkey, breast side down, on the salt pork.
Among the company's publishing operations, the most attractive property is believed to be the Literary Guild, one of the nation's two largest book clubs.
In addition, if the bondholders can claim the 15 percent payment, that would probably come out of the assets left over for the limited partners.
Doran was chosen as an alternate on the world team.
Negotiations over the freeway are continuing, Mr. McClintock said.
* Columbus and Southern Ohio Electric Co. has filed for $160 million of first mortgage bonds.
By the time the day ended in New York, the dollar was at 196.475 yen, down from 201.60 Thursday.
Runners should register at the International Runners Center, 9 East 89th Street; there is a $9 fee ($5 for those under 19 and the elderly; $1 for those 2 to 6 years old).
A Justice Department official acknowledged last week for the first time that Jackie Presser, Mr. Hoffa's most recent successor as president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, had been an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
He said the refusal of the Senate to ratify the agreement would ''undermine our ability to pressure other countries to extradite terrorists who have murdered our citizens.''
Sidney Lumet, the film's director, said he never considered Ms. Fonda's image a problem.
Based on SunTrust's closing price yesterday of $23.25, the offer is valued at about $734 million.
He struck out four, raising his league-leading total to 211, and walked two.
In recent months, the chains have paid nearly $1 billion for four of the best-known regional newspapers and the bidding seems certain to continue - with Wall Street investment bankers aggressively marketing some of the takeover targets.
As a result, leaders in both parties felt compelled to support the measure.
The bombing today at the police headquarters, a principal symbol of authority in the city, further rattled the already frazzled nerves of Parisians.
Tigers 11, Orioles 4 BALTIMORE (AP) - Mike Heath and Kirk Gibson hit three-run homers with two outs in the second inning, and Gibson drove in four runs for the second straight game for Detroit.
The announcer did not say where the hospital was and there was no way to confirm that the visit took place today.
Once heard, its melodies lodge themselves firmly in memory and can rattle around in one's head for hours after almost any performance.
In Wyoming, another subscriber said, N is a registered livestock brand called 4-Cross, but she conceded this would cause confusion with the No.
There has to be some degree of conformity, but the last thing we want here is a Levittown.''
Also to be heard are a sonata for violin and piano, a piano rhapsody, and a series of poems for piano and voice, all by Westchester composers.
The previous incidents have been blamed on people seeking to destabilize the Government.
A lot of people have put golf courses on top of landfills.
TIFFANY & COMPANY has created vignettes that evoke the Christmas celebrations of British nobility at the turn of the century.
As the third period waned, neither team seemed able to trick the other into a mistake that would erase the tie from the scoreboard.
The surge in sales left the inventory of unsold homes at 4.6 months, meaning it would take that long to exhaust the backlog of unsold homes at the March sales pace.
I like to finesse 'em.
About 14 King's Scholars are admitted each year, about five of them on full scholarship, in an annual intake of about 250.
I have no knowledge of any bid made by any party so far.''
The bond funds, fighting for market share in a very competitive field, use a variety of techniques to offer yields that are substantially higher than are available on regular Treasury notes and bonds.
''American businessmen don't know as much about how our Government works or how foreign governments work compared to their foreign competitors,'' said one senior international consultant.
At the same time, the experts say, the decline has brought prices of land closer to its worth in terms of the income it can produce.
Mr. LoCicero, a former district leader and member of the Village Independent Democrats who was an office manager for a fabric house before Mr. Koch won the mayoralty, works closely with community boards.
With the semiconductor industry reeling in recent years, Applied Materials' stock has slumped from $24.50 in 1983 to $10.25.
A political storm in Mexico has followed United States protests over what it says was the torture of an American narcotics agent by police in Guadalajara this month.
There are tennis courts and riding stables.
''Mireille'' survives quite nicely on its own.
Pressure to Reduce the Deficit Before a final vote on the bill, the Senate voted, 60 to 34, to reduce the amount of the increase it had originally planned for top grants to needy students.
The hepatitis vaccine was developed for Merck by the Chiron Corporation of Emeryville, Calif. Genetic manipulation was developed a decade ago as a tool of pure research.
The plot, of course, is an outrageous artifice.
Chairman Criticizes Strikers Mr. Icahn also said he would seek Government cooperation to help develop ''new devices and procedures to foil terrorists.''
Gradually, as the merchants told other merchants and local business people, the operation spread to a wider circle of depositors.
His parents decided he should be a gravestone carver, so they got him an after-school job with a monument maker in Hartford.
Led by Lila Acheson Wallace, a philanthropist and founder of Reader's Digest, a rescue team proceeded to dismantle the house.
What did the retired president of a Philadelphia clothing company know about making football films?
Each vanity has two drawers and an oval mirror ($175).
Even our wives don't get together.''
A serious problem that any music director faces is that after a while his regular listeners come to know all too well what he does and how.
In classical music, Dmitri Shostakovich, with his stark developmental unfoldings, appeals to the same sensibility, and certainly Carl Orff does - especially his still too-little-known settings of Greek tragedies for chanting singers and percussion orchestra.
None of the 65 American and foreign observers were here in town when the gunfire erupted.
After being guarded by the forwards Fields and Cummings in Game 1, he was hounded by a trio of 7-footers tonight: the centers Randy Breuer, Alton Lister and Paul Mokeski.
was on his trail last summer.
In London, the British pound strengthened against the dollar amid hopes that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' five-member special committee meeting on Monday might result in production cuts that could stem the recent sharp slide in oil prices.
At current price levels, United States wheat was competitive with other suppliers.
''It was just a matter of going over signs,'' Gedman said, explaining his two visits to Nipper before Nipper threw a pitch to Carter.
As a result, many longtime New Yorkers may not even have heard of Glendale, nestled as it is in a belt of cemeteries and parks.
Mr. Packwood and Mr. Rostenkowski, who will head the Senate and House delegations at the conference to reconcile the differences between the two versions of the legislation, cautioned that all tax breaks retained in the final bill would have to be paid for by raising tax rates or eliminating other tax preferences.
Mike Morgan allowed four hits in five and two-third innings and was bailed out of a sixth-inning threat by Paul Mirabella.
action, Mr. Boesky's main investment fund was Ivan F. Boesky & Company.
Any person who lives or does business in California could sue the state to enforce the measure.
''Now I have told them, they must first get permission from me before arresting anyone,'' he said.
Still, ''A Child Is Waiting'' does introduce viewers to some very nice, adoptable children.
When a 25-foot chunk of Frank Lundell's yard tumbled into Lake Michigan not long ago, he did what 12 of his neighbors had already done.
's position is that no relief flights are to be permitted into the south.
''Protect what you've gained and don't risk it in the next few weeks.''
The bridegroom-to-be is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard E. Morrissey Jr. of Hanover, N.H. Ms. Lu, a graduate of Fu Jen Catholic University in Taipei, received a master's degree in social work from New York University and an M.B.A. from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
subpoenas, according to sources who are familiar with them.
Their problems with mothers or wives often affect their ability to deal with women in authority.
Most officials would not comment on the preliminary report.
A report that includes unauthorized news about political strikes, boycotts, violence or actions of the security forces must be sent by telex to the Bureau for Information for clearance.
Mr. Quarrier said he first got the idea for a geology guide about 10 years ago, when the environmental movement was gaining strength.
Everybody has a lawyer and everybody has an accountant.''
But it was not his firsthand experience in the Far East that made him reject sending military advisers to China - General Wedemeyer had served there too but came to the opposite conclusion.
Mr. de la Torre will lecture on owls and, weather permitting, lead a field trip at the New Canaan Nature Center in June.
It is said to lack the fight instinct of ordinary cats, is easily trained and purrs a lot.
One of the most successful such works is Laurel Thatcher Ulrich's ''Good Wives: Image and Reality in the Lives of Women in Northern New England 1650-1750'' (1982).
The treaty language said plainly (Article V, Paragraph 1): ''Each party undertakes not to develop, test, or deploy ABM systems or components which are sea-based, air-based, space-based, or mobile land-based.''
To the Editor: Constant articles and editorials on tax reform, especially ''Merry Christmas, Senator Packwood'' (editorial, April 13) make me ask: Why doesn't somebody tell the truth about taxes?
It will cause us when we watch their launch to say a prayer of their safety.
Nobody was killed when the explosion, attributed by a Chandler city official to the installation of a heating unit in the coaches' locker room, sent a fireball through the door of Manager George Bamberger's office.
How many people would have paid to see the final, knowing drawing cards like McEnroe, Connors and Becker would not be playing?
OUR END WON'T MATTER Life at the surface of the earth seems to regulate itself .
''But they failed to assess the caliber of people living here.''
''The Governor did say that although it is not exactly the bill he wanted, because it did not mandate minimum salaries, it is one that is acceptable to him,'' according to Larrye deBear, a spokesman for the Governor.
The rankings are not a perfect measurement.
''He realizes it's not fairyland out here either.''
Mr. Blackwood said that the specific section of the charter does not apply in this case.
This our-guts-against-the-rest-of-the-world perspective is at least as disdainful of interservice staff duties as that of other naval officers.
Tonight, just five hours after the voting ended, Mr. Gomez, a 67-year-old former Ambassador to Washington who failed in a previous bid for the presidency in 1974, recognized Mr. Barco's victory.
The United States can also help by creating new productive, private-sector jobs - Haiti's most desperately needed commodity - by raising its textile quota.
At the same time, it said a physician should not ''intentionally cause death.''
Reagan Administration officials said at the time that the rebels' chief objective was the interdiction of arms supplies from Nicaragua to El Salvador.
The documents provided no evidence of illegality.
He is a former City Transportation Administrator who is one of five men on trial in New Haven on Federal charges of corruption arising out of contract awards in the city's Parking Violations Bureau.
This unruly scene took place at the August meeting of Community Board 4, which represents the Manhattan neighborhoods of Clinton and Chelsea and is one of 59 such bodies throughout the city that weigh zoning, land-use, social-services and budgetary issues.
Music and dance at Liberty State Park in New Jersey.
But it's not going to go straight back up; it's going to take some time.''
* David M. Platt has moved from senior vice president, director of media buying services, at Campbell-Ewald, Detroit, to senior vice president, media director, New York.
Also, the early pictographs have their descendants in the small clusters of marks that loom in shallow space combined into verticals.
Within about nine months mussels reach a harvestable size of about two and a half inches.
Neither the all-England Club nor the Tennis Center was built with the automobile in mind.
Prediction Is Questioned Other authorities today disagreed with some of the study's findings.
Broken Hill swiftly rejected the new proposal today.
Connie Beckley, once a vocalist with the original Philip Glass Ensemble and now a painter and performance artist, sings a sort of minimalist round with lyrics borrowed from a science text by Sir Isaac Newton.
If you really want to look at it, we've been fortunate to stay in the race.
lived in Paris for years writing about art, and now, with a MacArthur Foundation grant, is writing a book on the United Automobile Workers.
''People have been bamboozled when it comes to garbage incineration,'' he continued.
Metropolitan statistical areas, designated by the Federal Office of Management and Budget for use in Government programs, generally contain at least one city plus economically related surrounding areas.
Drawing for ''The Great World Atlas.''
Her gloves, which are handy for gardening, construction, yard work and carpentry, are made of soft brushed pigskin, which is comfortable, sturdy and washable.
Its Independence Day is celebrated on Nov. 18 in many American cities, Mrs. Poilovs said, ''with singing and dancing in costume.''
A spokesman for the theater said that its source was a studio on another floor.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Last Saturday the Green was overwhelmed by New Hampshire, 66-12, and today's opponent is Navy at Annapolis, Md.
President Reagan has notified King Hassan that he will sign the measure when it reaches the White House, as is expected.
He can act, sing, dance, whistle, leer, tumble.
A few hundred of them gain freedom each month by obtaining permits to settle in the United States or one of a handful of other countries that accept refugees.
Those who have subscribed to the pledge say it has had little direct effect so far since most of their litigation is not with other signers.
It had reached $16.13 a barrel during the morning, its highest mark since closing at $16.47 a barrel on Feb. 13.
43Jim Deshaies (12-5, 3.25) Big left-hander with rising fastball and plenty of heat.
His handcrafted wooden puzzles, he boasts, are the most challenging made.
The rate of home sales is ''far higher than at any other time in the history of Nashville,'' said William Manier 3d, an appraiser and former president of the board of realtors in Nashville.
A conservative Republican, Mr. Conable gets along well with the Reagan Administration and is likely to be of greater help with the Baker plan to increase the lending role of the multinational development agency.
Bretton Woods is the name of the 1,022-unit condominium development where Mr. Maggio lives and serves as the president of the Homeowners Association.
Toward the middle and end of the series, we expect to see Miss Suzman come bounding up in a jeep.
''Ruth thinks he's in trouble.''
''The script touches all the bases of the soaps,'' Mr. Bleckner said.
The agreement with the I.M.F.
Now, for nearly two full days, the jury had been behind closed doors and the tedium of waiting mingled with suspense and anxiety for the two officers and their families.
This one will have Baylor batting in the fifth spot, from which he hit 31 home runs and drove in 94 runs this season.
Interior Secretary Donald P. Hodel announced plans today for resuming the Federal program of leases for coal mining.
He does not sell himself short.
The Administration's determination to aid the forces that President Reagan calls ''freedom fighters'' in the two countries and in other places around the world has created a critical point of contention between the President and many Democrats.
In the embarrassment of riches that is ''The King and I,'' one suspects that the delightful and literate Hammerstein book has been underrated.
He must have something; his Val-Joanis wine is considered one of the best new wines in France.
Mr. DeBow commanded the 301st Fighter Squadron and flew 52 combat missions in the European Theater, some deep into Axis territory.
Prosecutors said in court documents that Mr. Chin had admitted to Federal agents that he was a Chinese spy.
Mr. Pearce is recognized as one of the world's most respected calligraphers.
He was trying to stay out of the way.
If West had not unblocked in clubs he would have been end-played in that suit.
Mr. Heunis, however, said today that the cost of upgrading the settlement would be ''astronomic'' and that residents were being invited to move to Lethlabile because of poor hygienic conditions in Oukasie.
list includes those ''who would generate press and public interest,'' Joseph Kleinman, an owner, said.
All right, I'd try a different word processing program, I decided.
With the addition of the Guanahani, the island's total of hotel rooms will go up to about 600.
The longest portion of the financing, which will accrue, but not pay, interest until the shorter maturities are paid, has an average life of 18.9 years and was offered with an 8.95 percent coupon, at 76 5/8, to yield 10.71 percent.
Aguilera says he has put the bar incident out of his mind, and then he goes out and pitches eight innings of a 4-2 Mets victory over the Cincinnati Reds.
The state's full faith and credit back the bonds, rated Aa-1 by Moody's and AA+ by Standard & Poor's.
Two years ago, when he became the starter, he took Saturdays off from throwing because he suffered a tired arm.
Mr. Kikrilis said the coalition represented the owners of 8,000 of the city's 11,787 medallion cabs.
No mention is made of two delicacies of the island cuisine: capers, the second industry of the island after wine production, and a fantastic sauce for spaghetti made with sardines, wild fennel, currants, mint and tomatoes.
Execution of Plan Unconfirmed It could not immediately be confirmed that the corporation actually delivered the contributions listed on the document, although campaign records show the company's president, a Filipino-American, made more than $40,000 in personal contributions to candidates in California and to the 1980 re-election campaign of Jimmy Carter.
But under the self-assured, sophisticated costumes she makes and wears can be found the uncertainties common to most people at the top.
Banking data show that more than $15 billion in Mexican deposits are held in non-Mexican banks.
''They say, 'Whenever we tell the Israelis, they deny it.'
Benches emptied, and Tewksbury was thrown backward by the crush of players.
In order to expand the pool of financially viable potential co-defendants, general contractors have begun subcontracting only to those companies carrying adequate insurance coverage.
Tom Von Stein led St. Mary's (2-4) with 9.
The drop comes just one month after President Reagan signed the new immigration control law.
But Mr. Merritt has obtained a hearing before Judge Rapp on Wednesday when he will argue that after two months the purpose of the jailing has been lost and Mr. Kruse should be set free.
One nagging problem is that the Challenger was one of only two of the space shuttles - the other is the Atlantis - equipped to carry a Centaur upper rocket stage that can lift heavy loads from the low orbit of the shuttle to 23,000-mile-high orbits needed to maintain constant surveillance of the Soviet Union.
Ironically, Holiday Corporation may not have needed the recapitalization for defensive purposes.
Tim Wallach and Andres Galarraga followed with singles to chase Thurmond.
There are a number of references to ancient Greece.
The shop's focus will be on its prepared foods - sausage rolls, Cornish pasties, steak and kidney pies, apple pies, plum puddings and pastries.
It was the Levison connection, along with taped evidence of King's active extramarital sexual activities, that the F.B.I.
From her ''Tosca'' years, Miss Crespin tells the story of a Met performance in which the crucial knife with which Tosca stabs Scarpia was missing when the moment came.
The crop, worth $2,000 an acre, is one of Mr. Beiler's principal sources of income, but by no means the only one.
Danny Davis, who represents Mr. Buckey, has said that Mr. Reiner bowed to ''political pressures'' in keeping the case against the Buckeys alive.
As Senator Albert Gore, Democrat of Tennessee, points out, ''It shifts the burden of proof in a very dangerous way.
He is now an authority on autistic children and shares his predecessor's interest in research about twins.
Perhaps you might be served just an order of the eggplant rollatine, one of the components of the dish that merely oozes cheese.
Members of Mobil Oil Corporation's international aviation and marine sales department collected checks totaling $120 and sent them to the fund.
The good news is that if the buyer knows what to look for, something tasty and healthful can almost always be found.
Mr. Shultz reckons that $125 million could be saved by closing or curtailing 40 embassies and consulates, firing a fifth of the Washington staff and eliminating 600 positions in larger embassies.
Nonetheless, ''Assignment Africa'' is responsible, even provocative.
''Nelle, I'm afraid your evening pajamas are on the way to Virginia,'' Ms. McCann replied.
''What sticks goes into the bill this time.
Accompanied by her grandniece, Melissa Fawcett-Sayet, 26, on a preseason inspection of the museum, she stepped carefully past mops, unpacked boxes, display cases covered with bedspreads and a pile of freshly washed picture frames.
The City Department of Investigation said yesterday that it was studying allegations of mismanagement and conflict of interest at the South Bronx Development Organization, a city agency involved with restoration projects.
It would be an ongoing study.''
''A good number of them have not been exposed to investment banking in their communities or education process,'' said William X. Higgins, a principal in Morgan Stanley.
I followed the footsteps laid out for me by my peers, and, more important, prescribed by the dominant female in my life, my mother.
The conviction comes at a moment of unparalleled concern about the quality of health care.
Even Trump Tower's fabled pink marble is not what Mr. Horenstein, professor of geology and senior staff assistant at the Museum of Natural History, calls marble.
Both owe much of their sales success to Mr. Madden's role as a television personality.
Pacific ''didn't have the buying power of chains like Federated or Circuit City,'' said Mr. Levis of Consumer Electronics.
''The social questions interest me more than the art ones.
The director of photography is Vittorio Storaro, whose film credits include Bertolucci's ''Last Tango in Paris,'' Warren Beatty's ''Reds'' and Francis Ford Coppola's ''Apocalypse Now.''
Western Kentucky trailed most of the game.
You can get the same predictability by making up other combinations - coffee and tea, shoes and boots, skis and skates, plane and train.
Wilkerson discovered her in a Houston public park when she was 10.
And though employment at Fortune's list of the 500 largest service companies has risen, small service businesses have created new jobs at a much more rapid rate than big ones.
Until now, the environmental agency had not given high priority to these household pesticides.
Place fish packages in basket in one layer and cover pan.
Miss Goetze, of Hull, Ga., had beaten Kay Cornelius of Tucson in the semifinals of the event at Stevens Point, Wis.
The core of the dispute between Congress and the White House remains the same as it has for the last few years.
''And anything close to using me, or me using him, is just out of the question.''
Mary Davis, County Naturalist, will instruct recruits in a 10-session ecology and teacher-training course, aided by curators from the Marshlands Conservancy and Edith G. Read Sanctuary in Rye, and Cranberry Lake Preserve in North White Plains, three of the county's wildlife preserves.
If today's performance against the Bullets 7-6 Manute Bol was an indication, however, the former South Alabama forward will not be overwhelmed.
Gerber had already agreed to delay the legal battle pending the outcome of negotiations with the state.
''Bickering between New York and New Jersey will not enhance our position.
In the most fundamental senses, the remedies are almost of a textbook variety.
To convert the building to office space, Mr. Kahn said, the developers are installing new elevators and mechanical systems and restoring the facade.
''The Freud Scenario'' is extraordinarily good to read - and has been excellently translated by Quintin Hoare.
With a lower overall tax rate of 27 percent, Mr. Regan said he had not felt much pressure for a lower capital gains rate and had heard ''no outcry from Wall Street'' for a lower rate.
There was the pale woman from Milwaukee, who always trailed along at the rear, perspiring and smiling faintly, and who ended the walk by getting lost in the hotel where we spent the night; there was the school psychologist from the Bronx, a doughty walker, always in the front (it was she who wore the Australian hat), and there was the woman from the Midwest who kept saying ''Oopsy.''
International Thoroughbred Breeders Inc., which lost $34 million running the facility last year, is also cutting its stakes purses from $2.3 million to $1.6 million during the thoroughbred meet.
's highest-rated quarterback last season.
Mr. Tinker acknowledged at a press conference yesterday that ''I'm sure there'll be some anxiety here and there'' over the appointment of Mr. Wright, but added, ''When people in the company discover who he is, I'm sure they'll be comfortable with him.''
''The fuselage split into two, with the two pieces on the ground about 200 or 300 yards apart.''
In recent years its owner, Trinity Church, at the corner of Wall Street and Broadway in Manhattan, has not financed repairs because the chapel sits on Government property and is not easily accessible to the public.
Did he ever lose his appetite?
Other speakers yesterday included the City Council President, Andrew J. Stein; Controller Harrison J. Goldin; Morris B. Abram, chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, and Rabbis Haskell Lookstein, president of the New York Board of Rabbis, and Louis Gerstein, senior Rabbi of Congregation Shearith Israel.
''Only his doctor knows for sure.
Ten years ago, a studio's main -and almost its only - customers were the three networks.
For her part, Mrs. Puner wanted a large, roomy kitchen with a place to cultivate plants.
At a meeting on Monday, Mr. Glitman suggested that the United States consider raising the limits it is seeking on Soviet weapons in Europe and Asia so the Soviet Union could have more missiles in Asia.
The consumer part of the program will be introduced Sept. 15 on spot television and radio and in newspapers.
City officials are hoping to save 600 jobs by taking over the hot-dog factory that has long supplied Fenway Franks to baseball fans at Fenway Park, but opponents say the effort cannot succeed and will result in years of costly lawsuits.
To do so, he not only received help from Chilean opposition groups inside and outside the country, but he also learned to direct his three foreign and six Chilean underground crews without appearing to be directing.
''The message of women's colleges that they are schools for achievers and that an old-girl network exists is a primary reason that some of our most interesting students are coming to women's colleges,'' Mrs. Horowitz said.
They were lucky to survive.
Kirk Gibson and Tom Brookens, who signed new contracts with the Detroit Tigers this week, agreed to provisions requiring the players to submit to drug tests, according to the Tigers' president, Jim Campbell.
They printed what they printed.
Few others knew of the spy ring, Mr. Walker testified, mentioning that his wife was a notable exception.
When he died in 1911, Mr. Pulitzer owned about 90 percent of the company's stock, which he left in trust to the male offspring of his surviving three sons and two daughters, to be distributed to them upon the death of the last of his two younger sons, Joseph 2d and Herbert.
Pink sauteed veal kidneys are fresh and assertive in their red wine sauce.
'Not a Civil Right' ''The court has interpreted that a homosexual life style is not a civil right and should not be exempted,'' Mr. Dear said.
One would renovate the auditorium and provide for limited retail facilities.
Imagine, if you will, a ''Jane Fonda Workout'' video expanded into a weekly series.
But he said the piece came from the side of the rocket opposite from where the leak had occurred.
''Let everybody hear it,'' he said.
''Now I can never trust him.
''Everyone says they've seen a big change in me,'' she said.
Noel's Perrin's article inspired this letter.
Torain gained 141 yards and scored two touchdowns.
Mr. Orlov drifted into human rights activities soon after returning to Moscow in 1972.
Mr. Jamal is highly esteemed by musicians and is credited with having been an influence on Miles Davis's trumpet style.
Of the average 200,000 frames that make up a feature film, about 1,000 have to be individually colored.
New Yorkers ought to be deeply skeptical.
The Council is trying to redraw its own boundaries to avoid the possibility that they will be redrawn by a Federal judge.
But our bull's-eye looking is over,'' Berry said, referring to his team's Super Bowl loss.
The presiding judge, Lino Monteverde, said one of the important attenuating circumstances was that ''they have grown up in the tragic conditions that the Palestinian people live through.''
His two-story shop is filled with virtually all categories of Asian art collected today - furniture, sculpture, paintings, jewelry, ceramics and textiles.
Today the gates open at noon.
The reporting periods are corrected from yesterday's editions.
In rapid order the Sandinistas have closed the last opposition newspaper, La Prensa, expelled two prominent Roman Catholic clerics and posted still tighter limits of permissible dissent.
No Impropriety During a news conference with the Mayor - a lengthy, unusually tense event in the Blue Room of City Hall - both Mr. McGinley and Mr. Koch insisted that the Commissioner, who is responsible for investigating the wrongdoing of others, was guilty of no impropriety.
If you do, I promise we will never ask you for anything else again.'
This partially explains the predominance of women in the community: male fans of the show generally balk at the restriction and prefer to engage in activities such as costuming or crafts, for which payment is not a traditional reward.
So Haight was drafted first out of Iowa, and Doug Williams of Texas A&M was taken second.
Prof. H. James Brown, director of the Harvard study center, said that much of the demand was fired by the demographic bulge of baby-boomers trading up from condominiums and town houses to larger, more expensive residences.
A team spokesman, Harvey Pollack, said Malone would be out for two weeks, the rest of the regular season, after suffering a fracture of the orbit of his right eye during Friday's game against the Milwaukee Bucks.
He said schools, universities and offices had been particularly affected.
Talking to the official investigative squad, which is, of course, headed by Bernie, he becomes more suspicious about their procedures.
Amid the drift of red and yellow leaves and the scent of chicken farms, there is a certain neighborly wonderment in the air here.
''I think it is noteworthy that we have identified clearly and unequivocally one state that is involved in terrorist attacks,'' Mr. van den Broek said.
''From my standpoint,'' Mr. Wright said, ''we have no choice whatsoever but to look at the same future that ABC and CBS are looking at.
They point out that with the insight we have gained through knowledge of the text of the intercepted cables, the guilty verdicts seem even more appropriate.
This could have led to a rupture of the tank, causing the volatile liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants to erupt into the cloud of vapors and flame that was seen in the tracking photography.
There are plenty of other suitably plangent novel-titles waiting for developers to inscribe over the door - ''The Way We Live Now,'' ''A Hazard of New Fortunes,'' ''A Hundred Years of Solitude.''
The city, which has been battered by the collapse of oil prices, must come up with $91 million in program cuts or new revenue to balance its forthcoming budget.
''I deeply regret and apologize for what I did,'' said the 22-year-old Ivey, who maintained that he did not hit the judge, Sue Denton of Dearborn Heights, Mich., a seven-year veteran of professional fight judging.
We were able to get him back.''
That price would cover round-trip transportation, hotel costs and admittance into a series of lavish parties with entertainers including Dolly Parton, the Four Tops and many others.
Both supported United States aid to the Nicaraguan rebels as long as the rebels do their fighting from bases in Honduras, not Costa Rica.
The French Government's approval had been expected.
''Who's going to break in for a commercial if Chief Justice Burger is on the screen?''
The President parried it with a joke.
''Oil prices came down so quickly, the system had no time to react,'' Mr. Birinyi said.
''Well, I have been in a movie,'' I said modestly.
While the Appropriations Committee did not vote to renew the moratorium it did adopt a measure that would delay leasing in areas off northern and southern California until 1989 if it was enacted.
The power of Mr. Hudgins's poems to describe the world is as profound as their power to affect it is negligible.
Some of the more inventive plans are the work of Larry W. Garnett, a Pasadena, Tex., designer (he bills himself as a ''building designer'' and not an architect).
But others who knew Mr. Hindawi at Al Arab in London said he had been a member of the pro-Syrian wing of the pan-Arab Baath party.
Attack Called Unprovoked The official Israeli account of the incident said the youth tried to grab a club from a soldier.
Or you may be able to have your cheese and dessert at the same time.
Its editor, Sharron Hannon, said that it ''grew out of the E.R.A.
A 50-member team has been investigating the murders of 17 prostitutes between Sept. 4, 1983 and last July 25, murders by a killer widely referred to as ''The Southside Slayer,'' Commander Booth said.
PROFIT: $63,703 The expected basis profit is $44,635, or 1.13 times $500 (face value of one contract) times 79 (number of contracts).
''In Aden, gunfire and rocket fighting has been raging between the two sides since dawn.''
One bill would prohibit the sale of nonsterile hypodermic needles; the other would allow drug users to return used syringes for sterile ones in a test program.
It is no longer the Sack Exchange - Klecko leads the team with 4 - but that's not the only area that has helped the Jets bowl over everyone.
The New Jersey Assembly's Insurance Committee has undertaken a review of liability-insurance practicies and rate-making systems to determine if changes in the law would reduce the incidence of suits and if the reforms would result in lower insurance rates.
He is by nature introspective, and friends say he always preferred to spend time with his wife, Anna Maria, and their six children, rather than moving in the wealthy social circles of his home town of Sao Paulo.
And when gasoline prices continued to fall this spring, the businesses prepared for a bonanza.
He knows how to hit off a scene with a few rapid strokes; he is equally alert to the quiddity of a place or of a personality, and he imparts information so neatly that you scarcely realize how much he has packed in.
Most horseplayers in the New York area probably have not thought twice about the plight of American mushroom growers.
The show covers the years 1957 to 1962 and includes numerous works painted in the vivid ultramarine known as Klein's International Blue and sometimes in an equally glaring lemon yellow, as well as panels that are edge-to-edge rectangles of gold leaf.
It was one of the cleverest twists in the movie ''Back to the Future'': the idea that the rock-and-roll legend Chuck Berry learned his distinctive guitar sound from a teen-ager transported back in time from the 1980's to the 1950's.
Mr. Criswell noted that only one major project, a 55-story tower by Texas Commerce Bank, was started after the Allied Bank Tower, giving his project less competition that it would have had a few years ago.
Mr. Robinson, who soon became the chairman of the civil rights committee and has gone on from there, noted that the section has been called ''the conscience of the bar.''
One way to save New York's subway system, some transit planners have been suggesting, is to do away with part of it.
Janet L. Norwood, Commissioner of Labor Statistics, noted employment growth was ''more erratic'' in June than in any other month, with many students and new graduates entering the labor force.
These include computer disk drives.
WHAT IT COSTS TO TOUR BY RAIL Eurailpass The total cost of the five journeys described, traveling first class, works out a little cheaper when a passenger buys a Eurailpass, rather than regular tickets.
Rickey Henderson played the game as if it were ''for real.''
A foreign official who met with Mr. Whitehead on his maiden overseas trip last summer to the Middle East, for example, said that it had been difficult to talk with him because he was unversed in the nuances of policy issues.
One cross bore the phrase ''399,000 farmers driven from their land.''
So the money will stay in Mexico.
He said it was ''the pits'' and the West could ''go to hell.''
She's even amused by a another nun who says something to the effect that it's her misfortune to be married to a man who's been dead 2,000 years.
In a medium saucepan, combine the preserves, sugar, cornstarch and ginger, and blend well.
A number of these inert ingredients, which are common in household pesticides, have been found to threaten health but heretofore have not been regulated.
'' Zvi Zamir, the Mossad chief during the period described in the book, said in a 1984 interview that ''Vengeance'' was not true; yet, according to news reports at the time, some Israeli officials confirmed privately - not publicly or officially - that Israel organized squads to kill Palestinian terrorists after the attack in Munich.
Squeezing into one lane, traffic crawled forward toward a cluster of policemen who were pulling cars over, opening trunks and looking at identity papers.
The captains of a Soviet passenger liner and a freighter that collided in the Black Sea on Sunday night, killing nearly 400 people, have been arrested, a Soviet official said today.
As a result, he said, the Washington audience is a ''very good'' audience.
From 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. on Tuesday, 51 women from Mount Holyoke College and 42 men and women from Colby College met with recruiters from a dozen companies at the schools' first joint interviewing program with a novel mountain-comes-to-Mohammed approach.
''Anything else,'' says the men's-wear designer Alan Flusser, ''would have been more function than form.''
Officials say as many as 40 percent of the illegal aliens in New York may qualify for temporary residence and eventual citizenship under the law, which offers legal residency to aliens who have lived in the United States since Jan. 1, 1982.
''He belongs to the powerful strain of anarchist thinking here that rejects authority and sees its role as being a nuisance to everybody.''
Times Square and the signs have been denounced as crass, tawdry, vulgar and wasteful.
Surely there are good and valid reasons for the Maronites - and other patriotic Lebanese - to resist Syrian-sponsored formulas.
'Billy Thompson doesn't play good in the big games,' '' the senior recited.
In October, United States immigration authorities barred Miss Lara from entering the country but gave no reason.
PC family and compatibles from ANEX Technology, Congers, N.Y., telephone 914-268-2400) takes a different tack to speed up your computing.
As it turned out, their patience paid off.
Eleanor discovers Franklin's infidelity when out from the pocket of his dressing gown flops a packet of letters from Lucy.
He will succeed as chief financial officer Kurt W. Reiss, who plans to retire at the end of February.
But in the struggle for new business, most card issuers are sending out ''preapproved'' applications willy-nilly, based not on the recipient's creditworthiness but on the ZIP code in which he or she lives.
In 1974 Mr. Conable, an upstate New York Republican, faced a potentially spirited challenge from the Vice Mayor of Rochester, Margaret (Midge) Costanza, a Democrat.
There was ''a great deal of smoke pouring from the windows of the elementary school,'' said Ken Rand, news director for radio station KMER in Kemmerer.
One key to the effectiveness of the standing figures is that they are larger than life-size.
The issue surfaced recently after Paul N. McCloskey Jr., a former Republican Congressman from California who served with Mr. Robertson in the First Marine Division, told friends that Mr. Robertson, a staunch anti-Communist, had talked openly of his intention to seek the intervention of his father, Senator Willis Robertson, Democrat of Virginia.
On the road, he went to dinner with Ray Knight or Gary Carter.
He Used Dead Man's Name One of the stranger cases is that of Fred Hubbard, who was a member of the City Council until he disappeared in 1971 after being charged with embezzling $100,000 from a Federal job training program.
But two factors have clearly overshadowed the election contest.
She, too, simply waited after filling out applications at two referral organizations, and did not pursue other leads suggested by family and friends.
Contractor Acccounting New restrictions will be placed on the completed-contract method of accounting that has long allowed military and building contractors to defer paying taxes on some of their income until the project is completed.
Mr. Danson plays the smart-aleck friend who keeps getting the dumb-bunny friend (Mr. Mandel) in Dutch.
The future, she talks about with customary zest.
The odds on passage seem slim but Energy Secretary John S. Herrington insists he sees ''a window of opportunity'' this year.
The court acknowleged injury to the Raiders but also pointed out what it termed a ''windfall'' benefit of the team's move from Oakland to the more lucrative Los Angeles market.
She is owned by the Penn's Landing Corporation and maintained by the Philadelphia Ship Preservation Guild.
They note that politics in Pakistan, like politics everywhere, has its share of opportunists and that it is unrealistic to blame people for acting in their self-interest.
A recent review of apartment statistics for Jersey City, he said, showed a loss of more than 3,000 units over a few years, which he attributed to multi-unit buildings being bought by young professionals and being converted into single-family units or duplex apartments.
On Oct. 6, speaking at the church's annual fall conference, apostle James E. Faust sent a strong warning to the flock.
Mr. Cunningham was accused in 1976 of arranging a judgeship in return for a payoff, but the charges were dropped.
''We want an orbiter so we can press on with launch site validation tests,'' she said.
Gasoline futures prices continued to rally and are up nearly 10 cents a gallon in the last week.
A flu was going around.
Mr. Sherman, known to many as ''The Car Wash King of New York City,'' where he believes the grime is unparalleled, owns Carz-A-Poppin Car Wash Enterprises.
The Baylor College of Medicine illegally kept Jewish doctors from participating in a program at a Saudi Arabian medical complex used by that nation's royal family, a Federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.
The eager determination in these surfaces is striking; their modernity and individuality remain undiminished.
He was 72 years old.
John Elway passed for 321 yards today, including a 34-yard touchdown toss to Vance Johnson on a flea-flicker play, and a tough Denver defense yielded only a pair of field goals until the closing minutes as the Broncos defeated the Seattle Seahawks, 20-13.
''My suggestion to him was that if, in fact, it had something to do with Drew, it was too obvious,'' Mr. Jarvis said.
This one-act version of divertissements (culled from all three acts of Mr. Nureyev's full-length production of the 1898 Petipa-Glazunov ballet) was put together for the New York engagement.
The singing of a bird reminds Walker of a game called Bats or Birdies he used to play with an actress named Lee Verger, the object of which was ''making it through the night with your head intact to the moment when bird song announced the imminence of first light and day.''
No other inmate had spent less time on death row in Texas before an execution date than Mr. Andrade, who was imprisoned 25 months ago for the murder.
Both players met with their seconds Tuesday, resting and preparing for the game today.
Americans in Paris envy the French their active street life, but I dare say that if the French had home sweet homes like ours to go to, the streets would start to dry up.
Government also plays a different role than it seems, he argued.
These caravels, sturdy and highly maneuverable vessels, were the major advance in seafaring technology that launched the Age of Discovery.
The Giants' veterans will report to training camp this week to prepare for a football season many people expect to end in glory.
If so, then why not keep quiet?
One proposal that was considered and rejected called for clearance holders to submit an annual form on personal financial data.
Valentine, the club's 11th manager in its 15 years and the youngest manager in the majors, does not believe his plan will adversely affect the young players.
A fourth list consists of those who ''always pay,'' he said.
It settled on the soloist making him look like an old-time vaudeville performer.
two years ago, apparently believes the action could be reversed.
''Subsequent to '48 I am unaware of any further appeals,'' he said.
Problem With Back-Up Ring One critical problem, it added, was that rotational forces generated as pressure builds up within the rocket caused a ''lifting off'' or ''unseating'' of the secondary ring, a problem which ''has been known for quite some time.''
Even so, the homeless have not been welcomed by everyone here.
The corollary was that elected officials, not appointed bureaucrats, should decide where tax money ought to be spent.
But other things in Maple Leaf Gardens appear changeless, at least as long as Ballard lives.
He wasn't the only one.
''The Contadora countries have done their job,'' the letter said.
But where were the feathers?
Noel Perrin, reviewing ''Table of Contents'' in The Book Review last year, called this essay ''the longest and best'' of the collection, and said it ''focuses on the new breed of family doctors beginning to appear in small-town America.''
Touchdown started in 1983 with a circulation of 15,000 and has more than doubled that to 38,000.
For, as we have seen, the sonic artifacts resulting from poor digital filtering are not a masking noise, like those wartime shrimp.
Her awkward and inflated account suffers from an excess of backstairs gossip phrased in lofty tones.
Mr. Spoor said Dr. Simon joined the center in 1981.
Stockholm, 19 September 1986 Chairman's Statement It is understood that, taking into account the agreed date of entry into force of the agreed confidence- and security-building measures and the provisions contained in them concerning the time frames of certain advance notifications, and expressing their interest in an early transition to the full implementation of the provisions of this document, the participating States agree to the following: The annual calendars concerning military activities subject to prior notification and forecast for 1987 will be exchanged not later than 15 December 1986.
Mr. Shultz's decision to work closely with Mr. Lugar on the language of possible legislation seemed to show the Administration is aware that it cannot hold off indefinitely.
Fast players, on the other hand, are always popular, except with their partners when they play a little too quickly.
''I deal with the coaches.
State Senator Daniel J. Dalton, Democrat of Turnersville and a prime sponsor of the hazardous-waste package, said, ''We are still waiting for the Governor to make a commitment to increase the state revenues received from the business community in order to help pay for the cleanup work.
''I don't think there was enough consultation,'' said Senator Sam Nunn of Georgia, ranking Democrat on the Armed Services Committee.
He said a discipline unprecedented in OPEC's history would be required for financially strapped members to resist selling below $18 a barrel.
The San Francisco Examiner and The Washington Post reported that Mr. Casey had visited this month to seek the release of the three Americans still held captive.
But as we watch the plays (and read the short stories) we cannot help but think of another, deeper Williams in the background.
The newer events, through advertising and direct mail, are getting 300 or so attendees apiece, from such industries as aerospace, electronics, metallurgy, pharmaceuticals, robotics and artificial intellegence.
Prices are down, housing and office space is cheap and plentiful, restaurants and hotels beg for business.
A study of what the Route 1 corridor will be like in the year 2005 is being completed by the Transportation Department.
Shelton would also like to pay its volunteers, at least temporarily until recruitment improves, he said.
The 5-foot-10-inch, 200-pound midshipman, is the son of a former defensive tackle in the Canadian Football League.
Should either man be toppled as the head of his respective party, the accord would be void.
The most frequent reason given for supporting the Virginia minister was his Christianity; the leading reason for opposition was the view that church and state should be separate.
It cited the recent bankruptcy of the LTV Corporation and the continued slump in oil prices.
''To my knowledge, Congress has never really given the C.I.A.
recommended that any official cheering be low-key.
Originally a pupil of Bronislava Nijinska, Mr. Lifar remains a constant believer in Neo-Classicism in ballet.
The ambitious exhibition, which will run through April 6, will be in a new suite of day-lighted galleries on the main floor of the museum.
That pattern, probably more than any other element, explains the relatively dull nature of the Series.
Lipps and Stallworth still scare opposing corners.
I couldn't understand how music played in one place could come out somewhere else.
He is fed on what is called taste - the taste of the American people.
The set consists of a huge volleyball net that rises from a taped grid on the floor.
The company said the three-year effort was ''a major new I.B.M.
The fishing industry is in need of change for several reasons.
''The market is a bit better,'' said one municipal bond trader, who asked not to be identified.
One drawing is white on black, the other black on white.
''I'm just glad there wasn't a tie, because if they had played Monday I probably would have had to close the store,'' said Joe Curreri, manager of Pay-Less Liquors, situated just east of the golf course.
Now, they operate profitably, and Mr. DeBartolo is building a fourth track, this one in Oklahoma City.
In 1914 he married Marguerite Chabrol, a French writer from Orleans.
It is supposed to make us think of the freedom to read and play, the soldiers who fought and died and those who serve today to keep our freedom safe.
In the complex negotiations leading up to the agreement, Yugoslavia was included in the ban at the express request of Italy.
Visible material is insufficient to explain them.
It was the high point of what Mr. Michnik calls ''the Polish self-limiting revolution,'' when ''not one person was killed, and not one drop of blood was shed.''
Should the streak continue, the cruelty will, too - number 35, the record-breaker, would come next Oct. 10 at Princeton's Palmer Stadium, against John, Jason and Judd Garrett, Tigers who were Lions until their father was forced to leave.
''The county has one of the highest unemployment rates in New Jersey.''
''Those are my favorite courses to observe.''
It said logistics centers of Iraq's III, VI and VII Army Corps in the Basra area had suffered ''substantial damage.''
Other Book Club Interests Bertelsmann owns book clubs in several countries.
Customers are companies in heavy industry and therefore the health of the machine tool industry depends a good deal on capital spending plans.
Yet Saberhagen, sounding like some grizzled veteran and unlike the cocksure youngster he often seems to be, is not willing to offer unreasonable boasts.
An increase in platinum stocks held at exchange warehouses contributed to the drop from the highs, as those stocks should meet near-term demand.
A three-night stay, with greens fees and breakfast, at Casa de Campo next winter will cost $799 for two people.
In 1984, a Defense Department official said, the services employed 2.1 million uniformed military officers and enlisted personnel and administered 3 million drug tests.
In the last eight or nine years, Mr. Menconi said he had become a more sophisticated investor, one who by dabbling in oil wells, silver mines and tax shelters, showed he was not afraid of substantial risk.
''The main objectives of the venture would be to insure continual updating of technology, higher operational efficiencies and better use of manufacturing facilities,'' Harold A. Poling, the president of Ford, said.
Dart bid $3.6 billion for Safeway, a move that surprised few in light of recent accumulations of Safeway stock by Dart and sharp rises in Safeway's stock price.
Recent years have seen a growing gap between poor famiies ''and the rest of us,'' Professor Bronfenbrenner says.
They go from flophouse to flophouse.
Shortly after that, Boston College moved 54 yards on nine running plays to set up the first of four field goals by Brian Lowe.
The assumed value of that force has been a basic tool of scientists, used to ''weigh'' the earth, based on its surface gravity, and estimate the densities of the sun and planets.
We have stayed at the Dunraven Arms in Adare and have trouble placing the Mustard Seed (''just across from Dunraven Arms'').
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
b-After a provision for loss on real estate of $1,536,000 and a gain related to investments in affiliate of $7,456,000, both for the quarter and year.
Bloom struck out 10 batters in a Division III game against Bates, bringing his total for his last 4 starts to 49 strikeouts.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The Duvaliers simply did not feel they had done anything wrong.
For example, the night Joe Coffey was shot - a highly publicized coming (going?)
A case manager stepped in and arranged for the baby to be moved home, where visiting nurses care for it.
Six months ago, the company hired Drexel Burnham Lambert as an adviser in the case, and Drexel has recently hired Martin Siegel, a well-known expert in preparing defenses to hostile takeover bids, as a managing director in its corporate finance group.
Illustrations abound of new management teams turning a failing school around.
''If Walt Disney were alive today, he would agree with what we are doing,'' said the president of Disneyland and Disneyworld.
She is a granddaughter of the late Charles Markham Landham of Palm Beach, Fla., who was executive vice president of the Savannah Lines.
''Their most serious problem,'' a source said, ''is that because of a shortage of funds, stocks of spare parts would be lower than they should be.''
'Endlessly Agonizing' Talks ''In the event that a search of the data base results in the inadvertent disclosure of personal identifiers,'' the regulations say, the researcher must ''terminate the search until appropriate security measures can be implemented; relinquish all records of personal identifiers to Treasury officials; and make no further disclosure of the information.''
He graduated magna cum laude from Middlebury College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and received a J.D.
Suppressed feelings come to the fore during this month of beginnings and endings.
38 in E minor and 99 in F major.
If it confirmed the Soviet reputation for tough bargaining, it also projected the old image of a society ready to deal in hostages and dissidents to achieve political ends.
''They neither have prevented the major trade that is going on with Libya nor have had any significant effect on Libya's economy,'' asserts a Congressional staff account of a briefing last week by some G.A.O.
A fertilizer, such as 5-8-6, may be applied.
''This is the season when people are able to frustrate the majority because of time,'' Mr. Kasten said.
Yet this duet can have more wit and elegance.
She graduated also from Brown University.
He said dates for a possible visit to the United States this year by Mr. Gorbachev and been discussed, and that the discussions would continue.
Share earnings reflect a 5-for-4 stock split effected in the form of 25- percent stock dividend, paid Sept. 18, 1985.
The panel said the Federal Government must adequately finance health care for indigent and uninsured patients to prevent the ''dumping'' of such patients on already overburdened public hospitals.
Mr. Whitworth has denied writing the letters and has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
On Thursday, 400,000 students, according to police estimates, demonstrated against the bill in Paris and some 50 cities in the French provinces.
The rebel group has declined to confirm or deny responsibility.
The main complaint is that alone among Yugoslav nationalities, the Serbs - the largest group, with over 8 million of Yugoslavia's 23 million people - were denied their own state within the federation.
In Tokyo, where the trading day begins, the dollar closed at 163.15 yen, down fractionally from 163.20 yen late Thursday.
* Banco Central Corp. of Puerto Rico has filed for $75 million of securities backed by car and light-truck loans through First Boston.
So far, Mr. Andersen said, his department has confirmed contact between those two plants and 13 state farms, and he has asked those farms to go under voluntary quarantine.
I had seen her work and thought this was just what we need.
Grinstead retired and began training the horses himself.
Only about one in four soldiers or marines is now in a combat specialty.
When George Weissman of Philip Morris (Baruch '39) enrolled there during the Depression, all he paid was the $5 registration fee.
''The statistics speak for themselves.''
'Earthly Plan an Illusion' Later on, it added: ''But it would be criminal to take the energies of popular piety and misdirect them toward a purely earthly plan of liberation, which would very soon be revealed as nothing more than an illusion and a cause of new forms of slavery.''
Miami's system also is the first designed to connect with an existing heavy rail system of mass transit, Metrorail.
''The fact that I have been involved with the Pennsylvania program has been the most rewarding experience of my life,'' Zubrow said.
Three such sentences were imposed in 1985 and three in 1984.
The Air Force's security police have begun a sweeping campaign to protect nuclear weapons, fragile aircraft and sensitive communications sites from the rising threat of terrorist attack.
Born in Estonia in 1911, Mr. Preil arrived in New York when he was 11, and he often uses his double identity as a ploy in his poetic self-definitions: I am enclosed in a town beyond the sea, I sink in mud, drown in fancies, a bachelor playing little games, pursuing a romanticism far from Byronic, wooing dreams - soon fabricated, sooner crumbling - among houses patched with the sadness of renunciations.
); lack of feeling among men owing to easy access to sex, pornography, gratification of all their carnal lusts (farfetched?
ON CHRISTMAS EVE, 1961, A BOSTON hematologist named Victor Herbert went to bed feeling a little weak.
That is a matter of real concern.
''Then he had to take into consideration the relationship between the fabric and the wood.
He wants the work we do here to stand up to critical peer judgment, to be of use to policy makers and to be timely.
Such fears have now been largely allayed.
''This year,'' he said, ''I have had rain on the east side of the place, but on this side, practically none.''
''We felt we were shortchanged.
But Eugene D. Genovese, in ''Roll, Jordan, Roll: The World the Slaves Made,'' shows that honesty can convey more respect than chivalry: ''My wife, Elizabeth Fox-Genovese, to whom this book is dedicated, did not type the manuscript, do my research, darn my socks, or do those other wonderful things one reads about in acknowledgments to someone 'without whom this book could not have been written.'
A large selection of new Shetland crew necks for women is available in pale grays and taupes, flecked with blue and red, for $18.
Through all this confusion the policeman kept right on lecturing me.
In an age in which we have virtually lost confidence in the ability of government to make any kind of major gesture at all, the Javits Center is a notable achievement.
Earlier Attempts Cited Meanwhile, two frightened teen-agers turned to the police for help after learning that the ''moonshine'' at the party was really wood alcohol, the police said.
Chambers, who is 20 years old, has admitted that he caused the death of the young woman, Jennifer Dawn Levin, who was 18, but has said that he killed her accidentally while the two were having sex near the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
A man with no kindness for another who lived by the photo opportunity and the colorful phrase.
White consumers were targeted with a different, duller theme: ''One of life's more civilized pleasures.''
Unions, Professor Craypo said, now have fewer allies in strikes and other confrontations.
He cited the potential effect of such a result on moderate Middle Eastern governments that could be threatened by a triumphant radical Islamic republic.
In June, Mr. Hilfiger will introduce his women's apparel line.
E-Systems finished at $34.25, up 25 cents, while Watkins-Johnson climbed 25 cents, to $35.75.
The commission said that one of the subjects for the Oct. 9 meeting would be the policy on acquiring land in southern Westchester.
The Navy's precision flight team, the Blue Angels, will begin a series of aerial feats about 11:30 A.M.
Dummy played the ten, and Jill Blanchard as East saw no reason to play the jack.
Driven by Ron Waples, Angela Ty went the mile almost 4 full seconds faster than Armbro Fling.
Every expert has had the experience of finishing a round of duplicate play and then having an opponent say: ''If I'd known who you were, Mr. Professional, I would have been so nervous I would not have been able to follow suit.''
The paper said the company would argue that the employee ran a water hose into a storage tank and that this act, considered petty spite, had set off the disaster.
This year, however, Easter falls on March 30, but Passover does not begin until April 24.
Safe Haven Offered The second, and more important message, offering Mr. Marcos a safe haven in this country, was drafted after a White House meeting that afternoon with his senior advisers, Administration officials disclosed today.
The suggestions are there in William Sullivan-Carpenter's sensible, necessarily spare design, but a veteran ''Talley's Folly'' viewer misses the canoe and the water.
Decree Has Been Challenged During that period, lawyers have challenged the decree in the courts, with some success.
The falloff rate tends to be very high.''
Four New York commodity exchanges - Mercantile, Commodity, Cotton and Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa - were also closed yesterday because of the Statue of Liberty celebration.
Frank A. Seitz Jr., the founder of radio station WFAS in Westchester County and a former teacher at Fordham University, died Tuesday at Greenwich (Conn.) Hospital.
''It's tremendously important to them because it would give them credibility with American retailers.''
Mr. Wiggins said the Governments included those in the Netherlands, Sweden, France, Canada, Mexico and Colombia, all of which have been sponsors of an effort to achieve a negotiated settlement between Mr. Rivera's Indian group and the Sandinista Government.
said Alan J. Gottesman, an analyst at L. F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin Inc. "They are being done from the top down: how can we better manage our business?"
''Eat to Succeed'' and ''Eat to Win'' by Robert Haas (Rawson, 1986, 1984).
Others are those between freedom and responsibility, between obligations to humanity and patriotism, between protection and assiduous cultivation of sources, between entertainment and analysis, between praise for democratic freedom and recognition that this is the result of historical, economic and geopolitical fortuities that have nothing to do with superior virtue or sagacity.
He had written ''The Hellstrom Chronicle,'' a 1971 documentary about insects that won an Oscar and the grand prize at Cannes.
N-N3 was slow and let Yusupov proceed unhampered with 16 P-B5 and 17 P-KN4.
But investigators say the younger leaders lack the criminal seasoning of their elders, making them more vulnerable to exposure and prosecution.
''Caridex is quieter and gentler than drilling,'' said Theodore R. Goldstein, a Manhattan dentist.
''It was a reluctant choice, but it was necessary to carry out our theme.''
Nicotine's stimulant effects, for example, can appear in just the few seconds it takes blood to flow from the lungs to the brain.
John McGeever officiated at the Roman Catholic ceremony in St. Agnes Cathedral in Rockville Centre.
''We should send them back to Poland!''
Following the close of Washington's cherry blossom season, the National Park Service has begun an appeal for private contributions to replenish the grove of some 3,000 Japanese trees around the Tidal Basin near the Jefferson Memorial.
He has reached the stage where people invariably ask him when he is going to retire.
''He probably fulfilled ABC's wildest dreams of a person who could come in, take over, make sense of a host of unrelated entities, and set up budgets, managerial systems and strategic plans,'' said John Veronis, chairman of Veronis, Suhler & Associates Inc., an investment banker for the communications industry.
The Economy Durable goods orders rose a slight 0.4 percent in May, ending a three-month period of decline.
Since then, some of the high school's 1,500 students say they believe the police cameras are mounted on the roofs of the school and nearby houses as well as in the school parking lot.
The Speaker has strong control over which bills are brought to the floor for a vote and over who receives committee chairmanships.
Departure from Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle is scheduled Sept. 12 and 27.
In addition to choreographing and performing, Eiko and Koma compose and mix all the music and design sets and costumes.
Across the market the proprietor of a soda stand took the same apolitical stance.
''Flying in Latin Ameria is so incredibly expensive.''
In recent weeks, according to white activists from the rights group Black Sash, the authorities have seemed to send conflicting signals, concerned that incorporation here, as in Moutsie, will cause bloodshed and disaster.
In some patients, however, the incurable disease, which tricks the body's immune system into attacking its own tissues, is mild, affecting only the skin.
''The average age of the drug user keeps going down.
Then they stayed alert as Miss McGee told them that February was Black History Month, but that her message was not aimed solely at the school's black students.
He is Mr. Wine Provider and Mr. Explainer.
But the hotels keep springing up, and related services continue to fall behind.
Should he bid two no-trump, showing his strength and distribution but running the risk of losing a four-four spade fit?
Instead, he said, the agencies took scientific samples of the calls made from their offices and then called the number.
TOTHELIVINGSECTION: As I read the article, ''Dining Out in the Stratosphere,'' I was reminded of the time my husband and I found ourselves in one of the high-priced restaurants mentioned.
He was supported in his efforts by two former Secretaries of Defense, James R. Schlesinger and Harold Brown.
We meet, for example, Matsukata's sixth son, Otohiko, a gregarious member of the Hasty Pudding Club at Harvard, where he became friendly with Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
The city will also ask some other health and housing inspectors to report violations they find when they are sent to apartments looking for other problems, such as pest infestation or lead poisoning.
's assistant commissioner for natural resources, said that Whitesbog and other pinelands sites were state priorities but that there just was not any money available for restoration.
And Du Pont, which has its headquarters in Wilmington, Del., was said to be uncomfortable with a standstill agreement that was to expire so soon.
To facilitate study the former collection is divided.
I knew I could manage the trail.
He and his family then spent 12 years restoring the house.
The only opposing vote was cast by Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina.
It raised his career total to 3,440, sending him past Doug Kotar and Eddie Price into fourth place on the Giants' career list.
At one table three no-trump was reached, as shown, after South had employed a weak no-trump opening and West had bid two clubs artificially.
's with various maturities is that they will not all mature at the same time.
People have always remarked about my smile, but until recently, I didn't realize how strong a role it could play in a characterization.''
Mr. Daniloff, who was released from prison Friday into embassy custody pending trial, told The Associated Press that he ''would not dignify the charges by commenting on them.''
Large contributions create large conflicts of interest.
ARKANSAS Democrats - Alexander, yes; Anthony, yes; Robinson, yes.
They are Dr. Sally K. Ride, an astronaut; Robert B. Hotz, a former editor of Aviation Week and Space Technology who is a member of the General Advisory Committee to the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, and Dr. Richard P. Feynman, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist.
Such an inspection had been scheduled a week or two later as part of a F.A.A.
Car dealers dislike restricting the deductibility of interest on car loans.
Ministers said further possible measures against the United States would be discussed Wednesday, but there appeared to be little likelihood they would include oil-related punitive action.
He added: ''She has a master's degree in art, was brought up in New York City as a Roman Catholic and finally chose to live among the poor as a deeper way to follow Jesus.
The Giants' impressive 27-20 victory over the Redskins left them tied with the Redskins and the Dallas Cowboys for their division lead with 6-2 records.
By the time it had burned down to the center, 24 hours had passed.
One Politecnico student, Catherine Weinstock-Enderle, a 25-year-old native New Yorker and a University of Pennsylvania graduate, is planning a career in fashion advertising.
That is another celebration, and it keeps going on.
How a polarizing filter works is a long and complicated subject, but suffice it to say that it filters out reflections large and small - from store windows to microscopic droplets of water.
Strict rules would limit the amount of investment losses that could be used to offset income from salaries, dividends and interest.
A 22-year-old Bronx man who is being held in connection with at least five sexual assaults in Brooklyn was charged yesterday with the murder of a Brooklyn teen-ager in February, the authorities said.
Using a new disbursement procedure, the agency will make low-cost mortgage money available gradually rather than all at once.
With that, our lead didn't hold up for a little while, but at least we came back and turned it around.
''I don't think you can teach your children to read Thomas Jefferson and not at some time recognize that apartheid is exactly the opposite of what American democracy is all about.''
''Notice,'' he continued, ''Jesus does not cry over a section of Jerusalem or a neighborhood of Jerusalem.
Mr. Wolper believes many of the problems involved in bringing some books to the screen can be solved by making them into television mini-series - ''You don't have to condense things so much or lose characters,'' he says.
At least 30 people were injured tonight by rockets that went astray during a fireworks display and landed in the stands at Ironbound Stadium here, authorities said.
The arrival of ''Les Miserables'' in the United States marks the end of an odyssey that began in Paris more than eight years ago with two Frenchmen - the librettist Alain Boublil and the composer Claude-Michel Schonberg.
''It flies in the face of everything that we know about family laws and family dynamics.''
The drive opened as The World-Herald was publishing polling results showing that amoung 260 registered voters interviewed Oct. 22-23, 71 percent disapproved of the Mayor's job performance, while 17 percent approved.
The same unions were common to both Shea Stadium and Yankee Stadium.
More than 40 ships have been hit this year.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Howard's move to the Soviet Union brings full circle a Byzantine spy case that began last year with the apparent defection to the West of Vitaly S. Yurchenko, identified by the C.I.A.
The home run also was his first at Yankee Stadium since May 24.
Had Bill Evans survived to create music in the era of electronics, he might have taken a similar direction.
The island is occupied by the Coast Guard, and members of the service and their families said they would be out in their yards tomorrow and Friday, anxiously awaiting glimpses of Mr. and Mrs. Reagan, President Francois Mitterrand of France, Frank Sinatra, Lee A. Iacocca, Elizabeth Taylor, Kirk Douglas and Dan Rather, among others.
Twenty years later, it was generally agreed by all of the interested parties, including the daughters who'd been raised as Valerie Wheeler and Peggy Rylatt, that a terrible muddle had been made.
The trailers, which the truckers call Rocky Mountain doubles or turnpike doubles, can weigh as much as 80,000 pounds and are three times as long and half again as wide as a normal automobile.
Investors will be able to participate in the latest deal.
But what pushed him to the top for the first time was the confidence he gained when he won the United States Open in September.
''This crossroads is new, it's different,'' said Frank Etienne, a longtime opponent of the Duvaliers and one of the country's most prominent writers and intellectuals.
If the plan becomes part of the town's master plan, which guides future development, the town would have to acquire the land for the linkages.
I am deeply troubled that the implementation of a policy aimed at revolving a truly tragic situation in the Middle East has resulted in such controversy.
The two products that contain heart-safe oils are Poly Perx and Coffee Rich.
Overlooking the Saronic Gulf and surrounded by rich orchards and olive groves, the fourth-century B.C.
On the main floor, the French fashion house of Pierre Balmain will have a showroom and headquarters for its expanding American operations.
Getting there By Air USAir offers flights from La Guardia and People Express from Newark to Buffalo.
Jorge Verstrynge, 38, once Mr. Fraga's chosen successor, left after being sacked in September as Popular Alliance's secretary general.
Miamian Is Expectant Huge numbers of people, of course, will be on hand in New York, including Mary Murphy, a 66-year-old Miamian whose hometown is planning nothing much for the holiday.
He said the conduct of the personnel manning the plant in the early hours of April 26 was being examined.
''I try to take the long view that nobody is totally entrenched on energy issues yet,'' said Charles Komanoff, an energy consultant based in New York.
The focus of the museum, however, is the Nautilus, moored on the western side.
Cook until reduced by half.
grounded Spectrum's charter flights for maintenance, safety and pilot-training violations.''
''There's a lot of people at all three networks who have grown up expecting the golden ring to always be there, and that's not a fact in this economy.''
Meanwhile, the Archbishop of Manila, Jaime Cardinal Sin, said that the January peace talks would be useless.
And $1 million in low-cost financing was provided by the Farmers Home Adminstration.
Somewhere in this Hollywood novel - the children of light ironically referred to in the title also being the children of cinema's ''magic lantern'' - there is going to be some sort of replay of Lear's mad scene on the heath.
'Dreary' Buenos Aires In later life, Mr. Borges was not so happy as he had once been with Argentina and its capital.
This is a place for celebrations, power breakfasts, indulgent lunches and romantic dinners.
The 333-mile route runs from the Chicago Yacht Club to Mackinac Island, situated between the upper and lower peninsulas of Michigan where Lake Michigan meets Lake Huron.
Catledge, a 6-8 rookie who also usually plays forward, had 29 points, his season high.
They now live in Ohio and have two sons, Eric and Mark.
As an Israeli paratroop commander, Aryeh Finegold never lost a man in battle.
The new venture will be based in London, with eventual studio and corporate expansion to other European capital cities.
THIS is the dawning of the age of the Aquarium in New Orleans.
''Some wonderful, really qualified people like Alan Scott are going to give up.''
It's also an asbestos problem and so flight qualification of new putty is recognized to be a major unbudgeted cost item.
If the final tab comes in below that target, then Quaker Oats distributes the surplus equally among the employees.
At 16, April is unconsciously and uncertainly seeking freedom from the narrowly circumscribed world of a Maryland truck stop.
ON March 1, 1954, the United States dropped a hydrogen bomb on Bikini Atoll, in the Marshall Islands, which came under American trusteeship after World War II.
It is also disturbing that breast-cancer mortality figures have not changed much for the last half-century.
Mr. Hobbs told state officials that he would do everything possible to obtain Congressional approval for ''demonstration projects'' testing these proposals in several counties of each state that wanted to participate.
I don't think that that's been the hidden agenda, but we're now in that position.
He has joined the growing ranks of foreign-trained technical specialists who have returned to South Korea, lured by the opportunities available to them in a nation rushing to develop high-technology skills.
''He felt that as long as he was there, the Bell System worked well,'' said Reginald Jones, former chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company and a longtime friend of Mr. deButts.
Criminal Intent We conclude on the basis of the subcommittee's investigation that Mr. Deaver knowingly and willfully failed to disclose his contacts with Ambassador Mansfield.
This self-pitying version of Fu Manchu (James Hong camping it up), resides in the bowels of San Francisco's Chinatown, which you can reach by firepole.
Later, when LaRosa flew to Miami to coax his charge back into training, he found Pryor asleep and a female friend of the boxer as well as his mother hauling bags of groceries through the front door.
Was there any effort to promote the candidacy of Mr. Rumsfeld, former Secretary of Defense, who is said to be considering a 1988 run for President?
The film is about a wealthy white student who wins a scholarship to Harvard Law School by masquerading as black.
''There is only a finite number of videos we can play in a day.
Mr. Hazi said he had been instructed by Abu Ahmed to leave the suitcase at the railroad station after they were apparently followed when driving from the embassy in East Berlin.
At the same time, Mr. Hart warned that those involved in the struggle for civil rights should not simply bemoan what had passed, calling upon delegates to ''define'' a new agenda that would promote economic growth, opportunity and parity for all Americans.
Mr. Palme's opponents charged that this was a repudiation of the longtime national concensus that Socialism would not extend into business operations.
In the house, one of the more successful modern designs is a black and white post-modernist bathroom by Ivan Dolin and Deborah Habicht of Bay Shore, L.I.
- D. G., Ridgewood, N.J. Answer:One tour company that specializes in travel for older people - of 60 and over - is Saga International Holidays (120 Boylston Street, Boston, Mass.
The dollar rose, buoyed by technical factors.
But their practicality and adaptability in the face of profound cultural change has made their work in Papua New Guinea a model for volunteers in the region, American diplomats here say.
''The area has a lot of furniture available dating from 1820 to 1850, which would cost much more in Manhattan,'' says Mr. Ivory.
The team went 8-0 in regular-season play.
''People from the Royals' front office told us they couldn't go anywhere in town without someone telling them how good a program the players have done.
Another problem comes from combinations of colors when one may bleed into the other.
A gathering of Nazi sympathizers, white separatists, anti-Semites and Ku Klux Klan members convened the Aryan Nations World Congress here this weekend.
''God damn you,'' the King said, according to the notes, as he fell asleep.
Mr. Gindra lived in New York with his wife, Tatyana, who has not indicated that she wishes to remain here.
''The Americans should be shuttling between Cairo and Jerusalem now, not between Amman and Jerusalem,'' Mr. Shamir said.
#4.Put the lamb in a mixing bowl and set aside.
On the other hand, any Administration suggestion that the Open Market Committee is unconstitutionally constituted would alarm bankers, send shock waves through financial markets and cause a stir in Congress.
''If they are efficient, there's no reason it cannot work.
Although who came to market first is disputed, Mr. Meyers said that Canada Dry and Perrier fired the first volleys and were quickly followed by Royal Crown Cola, Schweppes and Seagram's Not that the seltzer-drinking public nationwide was appropriately appreciative or discerning.
When all the animals are caught, they will leave by truck for the journey of three and a half days to their new home in Maine, courtesy of Mike Nolan, a former trapper.
You have to spend considerable time, often needing help, trying the thing on.
Angola has repeatedly rejected any effort by South Africa to link the presence of Cuban soldiers with the negotiations over the territory's future.
The entire network of 130 radio sites, already under construction, is to be completed by the early 1990's at a cost of $750 million.
Worse, it might give banks an incentive to weed out poor credit risks and force people with moderate incomes to seek even more expensive installment terms in buying furniture and appliances.
As the two stood in a line at Spaceship Earth in Epcot Center, they were recognized by several residents of Columbia, who notified Disney World security officers.
They are much closer in taste to the strawberries sold at local farms in June.
has required the quarterly write-downs to prevent excessive booking of assets from dry-well exploration.
In the parlance of the Foreign Service, that decision is known as ''opening the window.''
Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Norwood Boney Jr. of Wilmington, N.C. have announced the engagement of their daughter Mary Grist Bellamy Boney to James Wholley Denison 3d, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Denison Jr. of Orlando, Fla. A May 17 wedding is planned.
This is a vast topic and difficult to answer briefly.
One-bedrooms run $89,000 to $94,000, while two-bedrooms cost $117,000 to $125,000.
Foreign Minister Rodrigo Madrigal Nieto said the Government based its decision on humanitarian grounds.
But there are other reasons for the overcapacity that distinguish the current crisis from earlier periods.
Although Syria is better equipped and better organized than before, and is now more capable of knocking down Israeli planes, the experts believe, it still has serious problems with its command structure.
'A Great Event' Even younger Chinese possess a sort of collective memory of the Americans, a recollection that is usually less than kind.
As a result, many insurance companies now offer what are commonly known as older home policies.
It opens with a Formalist fanfare, alternating trumpet tones with resonant echoes, with little rhythmic or melodic motion, of interest only to those who fancy full helpings of brass sonorities.
He added: ''Obviously, he has developed some anxiety.
Yet even the turncoats come to life only fitfully, for they, too, march to the didactic drumbeat at the heart of each drama.
It threatens our hopes for arms control and moves us back toward an era in policies which the American people rejected in the last two national elections.''
We had just seen a quintessential American movie, ''Down and Out in Beverly Hills'' (based on a French play, of course), and we were eating Israeli food a few steps away from the moviehouse.
The company said the latest fourth quarter and year results include an after-tax accrual of $5.1 million to increase the company's environmental compliance, and a $6.5 million reduction of U.S. deferred income taxes related to undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries.
The family started by selling buildings on Garth Road in Scarsdale, one of the most desirable sections of the county, where they had a hard time persuading tenants to pay $10,000 for a two-bedroom co-op in 1976 and 1977.
The current crop of winners was recently announced.
Her father, a chemical engineer, was a project manager for A. M. Kinney Associates, an engineering and construction concern in New York.
Plant Had 10 Feet of Water The chemical runoff occurred when 13 inches of rain fell on the Saginaw River Basin in a 30-hour period, sweeping up partly treated and untreated fluids at Dow's waste water treatment plant in Midland, 100 miles north of Detroit.
The accounts follow a pattern documented by both Filipino and international human rights groups.
The world, it is often said, is quickly bored by the recital of misfortune and willingly avoids the sight of distress.
''Jimmy Breslin's People,'' an hourlong show in the style of Mr. Breslin's newspaper column, was a last-minute addition to ABC's schedule this fall.
According to the package copy, it requires a minimum of 256K of RAM.
In this case South was deceived by the holdup of the ace.
One is her discovery of art.
They felt like they still had the vote.''
Before this uproar, it was the 1986 elections.
Opinion polls and a statewide referendum in California clearly show that the public favors this change in the law.
The cost, according to Mr. Tharp, is the same as it would be if only the traditional benefit plan were offered.
We are particularly proud that our chapter is the only one of 93 in the United States that has a free blood testing program for its members.
At any given ''crag,'' the locals sort out with exquisite precision the pecking order among the hotshots of the season.
RUNNING: Dream Mile, at Oslo, Norway (Television - Channel 7, 4:30 P.M. as part of Wide World of Sports.)
''I think the community has a certain wariness and concern because there have been a variety of development proposals within or ringing Brooklyn Heights,'' said Anthony A. Manheim, who organized the panel.
It was only much later in her life that Alice realized that just by chance, immortality touched her on that afternoon.''
Namath visited the Jets' camp after their 51-45 overtime victory over Miami in September.
You've been very, very special to me, and wherever I go I'll always be a New York Knick.''
A rapprochement by Mr. Farrakhan could mend the 11-year split between the two groups and bring his group philosophically closer to the orthodox doctrines of Islam as practiced around the world.
Four 1.5-volt AAA batteries power the camera and are housed inside the handle.
In the event of deeper air strikes into Pakistan, especially strikes by Soviet aircraft, Islamabad would be compelled to seek United States intervention even if it had Awacs planes.
The cost of repairing the houses and making them safe has been placed by Mr. Goode at $35 million to $40 million.
Years ago - before discount airfares, cars that got 38 miles per gallon and glimpses of sunny Florida transmitted by television - fans only imagined what it was like where the Boys of Summer and their counterparts rehearsed.
After 10 days of jury selection, the judge in the Federal racketeering trial of John Gotti, the reputed crime boss, abruptly postponed the case yesterday until August.
''Even the most basic facts have become politicized, and there's no agreement on them.''
To the Editor: Donald Kagan, professor of history and classics at Yale, reprehends students who have protested apartheid and urged disinvestment by demonstrations, sit-ins and shantytowns, and he rebukes faculty members who have supported the students or declined to punish them.
In females, this duct develops into the reproductive tract.
The police had no last name, so they investigated every former student named Frederique who had in recent years been at the Rueil-Malmaison high school, 27 women in all.
THANKSGIVING is fast approaching and like the proverbial farmyard turkey I am beginning to quake.
''From our point of view, the most important witnesses have been heard,'' he said.
This attitude, the legislators noted, can also be measured in decreasing voter turnout, in shrinking membership in political organizations and in opinion polls, like the one conducted in March by The New York Times and CBS News.
But their convictions were set aside in 1985 amid allegations that Mr. Presser had been an informer for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and that the F.B.I.
Mr. Wilder, in a letter to the members last month, said membership was eroding because some people were unhappy about the all-male policy; costs for maintaining the historic sandstone clubhouse were skyrocketing, and the City Council was considering legislation to force the club to accept women.
MICHAEL BORISKIN, a 35-year-old pianist who recently settled in Danbury, likens his career to a bull market in the business world.
A plausible explanation for this would be flames' burning through the side of the booster, leading officials to believe that this ''blowtorch'' had burned through the skin of the external fuel tank, igniting its fuel.
The testing of all employees, Mr. Knox said, was made possible by a judge's ruling Thursday that the department could begin a previously planned program to test members of the Narcotics Squad.
''The intruding aircraft was hit by our air defense when it tried to carry out a supply mission to mercenary forces that operate from abroad against our country,'' the Defense Ministry statement said.
He talks urgently of scrapping the Marcos emphasis on government planning in this area, of giving free enterprise dramatic powers to innovate and of obtaining increased foreign aid in the critical opening months of the Aquino administration.
John Le Carre published his first novel in 1961, at the height of the James Bond craze, and it was almost as if he were contradicting Fleming.
* Joy Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, said its fiscal year results would show ''substantial losses'' as a result of unusual pretax charges that had been recorded in the company's fourth quarter that ended in September.
A recipient of the Avery Fisher Grant, Mr. O'Riley is a winner of the Young Concert Artists International Auditions.
Mrs. Elkins noted that the Dallas City Charter requires a nonpartisan mayoral race and a runoff between the two leading candidates if no candidate has an absolute majority of the vote.
Both run on simultaneous tracks.
If the game is drawn, Karpov will have one more chance to play the advantageous white pieces.
Of the $30 billion put into such accounts each year, Wall Street usually gets 30 percent, and its share may be growing.
Imports surged despite the lower cost of oil from abroad.
Residential natural gas, which usually follows oil when it comes to price, is also in excess this heating season.
A three-course dinner for two came to $46, plus beverages, tax and tip.
The ideological task, then, is clear: to maintain the readiness of the cadres by keeping their political reflexes tuned and to stir up and channelize the political passions of the rest of the electorate so that they begin to run in the right direction.
We simply said that it shouldn't depend upon a single nation to try and find an answer, that we all of us were united, that this was an attack against all of us.
And the Mets now were down by four.
We are asking for a moral decision.
Hanoi installed the Phnom Penh Government in 1979, and Vietnamese and Cambodian troops there have been battling three resistance armies ever since.
He has to create the climate for ethical government.
Kevin McDuffie, a third-year student from Baltimore who is a center on the basketball team, majors in communications and has worked for a television station.
At least they didn't call it ''Sydney.''
* Meanwhile, heat the milk until hot.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''We were never over 800 in my 23 years here.
In outline, the Pinter screenplay, based on the novel by Russell Hoban, sounds all too grimly like an especially pixilated television situation-comedy: two London eccentrics, a bookstore clerk (Mr. Kingsley) and an author of anthropomorphic animal novels for children (Miss Jackson) decide to steal three sea turtles from the zoo and set them free from England's south coast.
The money, as we note, is there.
Set to the tune of MOTHER, Miss Sills asscoiated attributes with each letter of Miss Walters's name - beguiling, angel, richness of your friendship - before ending with what typified the evening - ''loyal friend and pal through stormy weather, here's to you to my friend I love you dear.''
His pollster, Verne R. Kennedy of the Marketing Research Institute in Jackson, Miss., declined to release any information about voter support, saying it was too close to the election.
Myerson got something else of possible importance from Pilson: an explanation of a 1984 CBS survey undertaken at a time CBS was considering televising U.S.F.L.
When the Islanders signed Brian Curran to a three-year contract late last month, the deal for the 22-year-old free-agent defenseman left one key point hanging: Who would Curran's former team, the Boston Bruins, get in compensation?
Nobody has been able to figure out a way to make it function once you start tinkering with it.''
Among four officials who were reprimanded was Aleksei N. Makukhin, a First Deputy Minister of Electric Power.
At the age of 22, I had been a first-hand witness of three fatal accidents in the mountains.
''He has courage, stamina and an inner strength to forge ahead rather than wallow in the misery of the current situation,'' a social worker in the medical center, Dawn Cooke, said.
In the play, the fictional Camillo has been haunted for seven sleepless years by a memory that seems to be eluding him.
It will write off its canceled Marble Hill plant and omit common and preferred stock dividends.
Mr. Keene is evidently fascinated by life's losers.
In the column of Jan. 7, the white queen at White's KN7 should have been at White's KR7.
''You know how the McDonald's hamburger chain puts signs out in front of their restaurants saying how McDonald's has sold a billion or more hamburgers?
This emerged today at the opening of a meeting of the governing board of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which is considering plans for such a treaty following the Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union.
The general was not in Phoenix last week, but in a telephone interview from Washington today, he vigorously denied he was involved with the plane and said it was ''just outrageous'' that an Administration official had insisted he was linked to it even after his denials.
But who else has produced such a pancake - bursting wth apples and raisins, encased in a coating of caramelized sugar.
Gross lost his shutout when Terry Harper hit his second home run of the season in the seventh inning.
Both groups of students say they are trying to provoke the administration to action, but college officials have so far purposely avoided the larger issues and sought to minimize the conflict.
It sits on six acres of woods and ponds behind a remote-controlled gate.
On his next dive, he scored the afternoon's highest total, 86.40 points, with a three-and-a-half back somersault.
State Representative Colleen Engler had 64,572 votes, or 11 percent, and the Oakland County Executive, Daniel Murphy, had 61,431 votes, or 11 percent.
For the Americans, the responsibility for the note-taking in the two days of meetings fell on three interpreters, who both interpreted and took notes, and three Russian-speaking Foreign Service officers who rotated as note-takers.
And now the further tension over reported sightings, which are not taken seriously by any outside observers, of live Americans held against their will in North Vietnam.
He also declined comment on such major economic issues as Vice President Bush's trip to Saudi Arabia and on his role in an internal Federal Reserve Board dispute over cutting interest rates in February.
All these, in my opinion, did far more damage to United States national security than the Walker ring - with its disclosures, at most, of rapidly obsolescing naval tactics - ever did.
A leisurely made dish of fresh spinach with thinly sliced mushrooms goes well with the tortellini.
To raise the curtain, here is something of a scrapbook, clippings that tell the story of the relationship - rarely smooth, always intense - between statue and city.
Thus, in Ohio, according to James M. Ruvulo, the Democratic Party chairman, the major issue is how to turn the surplus back to the taxpayers.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed Friday at 1,887.80, for a gain for the week of 32.20 points.
Because of extreme pressure from the weight of an atmosphere thousands of miles thick, the water does not boil.
There is a map of the world on a wall in Alfred Byrd Graf's New Jersey home that is peppered with pin dots -red ones, blue ones and green ones.
''Obviously, an option that already shows a profit will cost more than a like maturity that shows a loss or one that is priced close to or at the actual cost of the metal at the time of purchase,'' Mr. Mayer added.
Islamic Holy War also says it is holding four Americans hostage.
''Lou looks at it like he has two starting pitchers for sure and a man behind the plate who can catch the knuckleball,'' Woodward said.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz's first trip to Turkey and Greece, the southern flank of NATO, comes when questions are being raised once again about the status of American bases in both countries.
2 company has beaten G.M.
I have never seen any large spiders in cobwebs, only what look like newborn spiderlets.
We revered them and were humble in their presence, never demanding explanations or questioning their judgment.
''Everybody wanted to meet him then,'' recalls Mr. Hailey.
On a pale peach wall inside the store is a display of evening shoes by Charles Jourdan, Maud Frizon and Walter Steiger alongside leather gloves and alligator bags.
He said that legislators knew their community needs and were more accessible than state agencies.
You can't let the person with the calloused heart take away from them the rights that are there.
When they recently came upon a cache of unworn, tailor-made English clothes from the 1930's, they marveled at their craftsmanship and promptly had the clothes fitted for themselves.
However, there remains a good deal of doubt as to which side should make what gestures to break the impasse.
The panel ultimately recommended that the work be removed.
I would emerge from playing in a sandbox as immaculate as when I was put into it, even when wearing a white dimity dress.
When Shimon Peres, Israel's Prime Minister, arrived in Cameroon Monday to help renew diplomatic relations, his hosts went to great lengths to create a warm welcome.
It thus became superfluous to play the last two games of the contest.
Wayne A. Yeoman, senior vice president of finance for the carrier, met with representatives of Citibank and the Chase Manhattan Bank.
And I want to talk over the problem of the tall purple and white irises which grow lusher year by year but which are top heavy so that they crash to the ground as soon as they blossom.
The second stage proposed by Mr. Gorbachev, starting in 1990 and lasting five to seven years, would have other nuclear powers joining in the process while the superpowers continued their disarmament.
More important, ships and aircraft needed to move any American forces to the Persian Gulf were inadequate.
George Deukmejian, who at first remained aloof from Mr. Honig's call for huge spending increases for the schools, were vying to be considered the strongest backers of the reform legislation.
''Television's Vietnam'' is produced by Accuracy in Media, or AIM, the conservative organization that looks for liberal bias in the press.
Patients at Strong Memorial Hospital here were being given distilled water to drink.
I don't think anyone knew how depressed and angry he was.
The tenants countered with a suit charging that because nearly half the building's apartments were professional offices, the security and maintenance of the building had deteriorated.
I've been a law-abiding person.
Mr. Nelson was oribiting the Earth in the space shuttle Columbia, but a member of his staff said he had accepted no contributions from Mr. Wilson.
Delegates from tin producing and consuming countries said that it was the community's failure to reach a common position so far that was hampering progress.
''I put the whole group on alert,'' he said.
We knew we were there for the same reason.
In San Diego, an experiment with transponders yielded only a 95 percent efficiency rate, largely because of interference from metal dashboards in older cars, according to Gerry J. Meis, who directed the experiment.
In a report to Governor Cuomo, the State Housing Director, William B. Eimicke, said the four counties needed at least 100,000 new houses to fill an ''affordable housing gap'' that is growing more acute each year.
Cost increases in the last two years have been well below rates in the past, he said.
But, if you can't be on the Nederland or one of her sister ships, the best place to sleep on the Rhine known to me is a castle called Auf Schonburg above Oberwesel.
After the bishops' conference decided to back Rome and not intervene in the Archbishop's behalf, he expressed gratitude at the bishops' expression of sympathy, and he did so again today.
He laughs, but there is a rueful undertone in his voice; if there's one thing Mr. Fosse can hardly be accused of, it's goofing off.
chairman, Felix G. Rohatyn, said he had warned the Governor and the Senate that he would ask the M.A.C.
A major dispute is expected between regulators and municipal and private water suppliers who argue that such plants are prohibitively expensive.
He said his father was still feeling very tired and had had a bumpy trip home from New York University Hospital last night.
''And I accepted because I grew up with this history, feeling a part of Yiddish culture, and wanted to interpret this unexplored area.''
Sunday is said to mark the beginning of the 4684th year since the legendary first Chinese ruler, the Yellow Emperor.
You just do this to pickpocket people.'
How can Western governments, and concerned individuals and groups, most effectively work for easier emigration from the Soviet Union and less repression of dissidents?
Dr. Cohen was Dr. Levi-Montalcini's collaborator in early research on nerve growth factor at Washington University.
Officials said proceedings were still under way to determine whether Ms. Strang's top-secret security clearance should be permanently revoked.
[ Alcan announced its latest acquisition last Friday: all the assets and technology related to the manufacture of silicon-carbide reinforced aluminum, an advanced composite material, from the Science Applications International Corporation of San Diego.
A few sightseers on top of the bridge will take their eyes off the jewelry, souvenirs and other merchandise displayed by the shops there to gaze down on the No.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Cataloging American furniture, you find yourself bending, kneeling and even crawling under pieces to look at the construction,'' says Leigh.
General Phillips is assessing NASA's overall management structure and will be making recommendations for other programs as well.
Mr. Neuborne says the Administration lost cases it could have won because it acted like just ''another interest group'' and made ''politically tinged arguments that stampeded the Court's middle against them.''
Usually the Ensemble Studio Theater, which is widely known for its attention to one-act plays, has the field pretty much to itself.
Unlike most workers, whose on-the-job injuries are compensated through the Federal Workers' Compensation system, commercial fisherman who are hurt have the right to sue boat owners for unlimited damages.
Elie Wiesel, the author who is chairman of the Memorial Council, said: ''I confess that I feel somewhat guilty towards our Romani friends.
He changed speeds and he was always ahead of the hitters.''
The cost of the dog and his training, $2,650, is being paid for by private donations, according to the Mayor.
It's run by Michael Abrams, who helped open Ernie's and America, and Burt Harris and Stan Tankursley, who were involved in Gulf Coast and Tortilla Flats.
Today, only two projects inspire the investor's confidence enough to draw him out.
Before Mr. Lyubimov was stripped of his citizenship, he was considered one of the foremost avant-garde theater directors in the Soviet Union.
More broadly, the policy commission gives one a bad case of deja vu, for its futuristic scenario is borrowed from President Carter's past.
Here, the city wants a developer to build a riverfront apartment complex.
All stock exchanges, most commodity markets and banks and some businesses were open yesterday.
Most important, the church's attitude has been helpful and friendly.
A 24-year veteran of the Division of State Police was nominated to be police superintendent yesterday by Governor Cuomo.
Among the less loaded images on view, one could single out Justin Earl's ''Freddie's Dog'' as a succulent example of pure painting.
In this potpourri of painting are proud Islamic personalities on prancing chargers, some rather modernistic representations of chickens and a rooster, paintings that border photographs of families and one that surrounds, with some humor, a photo of colonial types in sun helmets.
General Mills manufactured Lionel trains through Fundimensions, a subsidiary, until November 1985, when it was divested along with the rest of the toy group, including Kenner Products and Parker Brothers.
And I have a file of letters from presenting organizations and record companies begging us to change our name.''
Sister Carol's rockers-reggae reworking of ''Wild Thing'' is an instant classic, and the rock, African and Latin pop and rap that make the soundtrack album such a mixed bag are integrated through the film into a kind of urban soundscape that's all of a piece.
Social Democrats, Socialists and Communists were especially forceful in their denunciations, while some conservatives and rightists supported the United States.
A practice session or two can correct a flaw in his game, but it will take something more than hard work for McEnroe to rediscover the enthusiasm and zeal that enabled him to become the No.
And those five Fallon years have been something for the textbooks on advertisting agency growth management.
Interest Rates May Drop A weak economy could prompt interest rates to move lower, thereby making dollar-denominated investments less attractive.
Why not educate intravenous drug abusers about the risk, provide more drug treatment centers and supply clean needles in an effort to retard the virus's transmission on dirty syringes?
In fact, most could not exist without some type of legislative charter.
The move was part of Israel's campaign to expand ties with black Africa.
Both carriers have hubs in St. Louis.
But he says it would be useless for him to subpoena her as a witness.
After giving up a leadoff single to Randy Bush in the second, Petry (3-2) went five innings without giving up a hit before Steve Lombardozzi broke his shutout with a home run in the seventh.
Its implications for the study of human evolutiion are enormous, as it brings together for the first time in book form detailed information on the biology, ecology and culture of an animal uncannily similar to ourselves.
Among the Thomson pieces on today's program - which focuses on the influence of 19th-century Parisian composers on their American counterparts - will be excerpts from his opera about Susan B. Anthony, ''The Mother of Us All,'' for which Stein contributed the text; the piece will be performed by the New York Opera Repertory Theater.
No defensive player has ever won the Heisman, and despite his involvement in 14 tackles yesterday, the Boz isn't likely to win it now.
National Invitation Tournament: Ohio State at Ohio University.
Koch Inc. from its acquisition on Feb. 8, 1985.
Other good choices are lamb chops with rosemary, fresh veal kidneys in Bordelaise sauce, and veal cutlet with three types of wild mushrooms.
Officials at Children's Hospital would not identify the infant whose death provided the possibility of a transplant for Alex.
They live with a daily sense of impending disaster.
* In the case of the engagement of formations of land forces of the participating States in a transfer from outside the zone of application for CSBM's to arrival points in the zone, or from inside the zone of application for CSBM's to points of concentration in the zone, to participate in a notifiable exercise activity or to be concentrated, the concentration of these forces.
''Blanket the market with your tapes.''
''Today, it started bothering me worse than it has before,'' he admitted.
''They got everything they wanted,'' said Mr. Bromley.
''But the other day, I tried the first three hurdles and did all right.
Going kitchenless is not some new trend.
The Ford Motor Company will offer them as options in four-door Ford Tempo and Mercury Topaz models beginning in late March.
The products include an electronic publishing system, a low-cost network for linking personal computers by ordinary telephone wire, software, a facsimile machine, a laser printer and a color ink-jet printer.
The Houston Astros' glaring problem -lack of hitting - revealed itself in the form of a pair of 1-0 shutouts within a week.
They have suffered too much.
A subsequent work, a kind of post-modernist minstrel show, was provocative but cluttered. ''
Rentals of single-family homes, although rare, range from $800 to $3,000 per month.
''He said, 'Oh dear I forgot - ' and I don't remember exactly what it was he said he forgot,'' Mrs. Kendall said in a deposition taken by Federal investigators looking into the explosion.
Why don't you come back to Adelphi with me and join my staff there?'
''One must dare, even if sometimes the entire goal is not achieved.
Many Nicaraguans say they believe mismanagement and inefficiency are responsible for some shortages.
His expertise was in a field of physical oceanography known as ''internal waves,'' which have important applications in naval and submarine operations.
Subsequent leaders and gurus turned the Sikhs into a militarily powerful group that defied the mogul emperors and for a time ruled much of northern India.
The computer is not always able to match the information on the 1099 forms correctly, he said, even though the taxpayer has often reported it in one way or another on the form 1040.
''The powers are not absolute,'' he said of her interim authority, contending that ''full judicial protection'' was possible.
We are not altogether satisfied with our knowledge and degree of competence, but the concentration required to rise above that level inevitably becomes a chore, which is what fishing should not be.
I really do believe that where I am today has everything to do with the years that I spent hanging on to a career by my fingernails.''
''It's a pity, because they have fought longer and suffered many more casualties to get rid of Marcos than the rest of us.''
He also helped create in Harlem the housing development that was subsequently named for him.
Here I had two selections to make.
Rosenfeld, Sirowitz & Humphrey, an agency for Squibb's Charles of the Ritz Group for about a year, has now gotten a number of important additional assignments from its Yves Saint Laurent Beaute and Parfums.
When the squid is done, the small sac at the head is opened and its ''ink'' is poured over the dish, which is cooked again briefly.
Their collars are white but they are paid less than many in blue-collar trades.
The first encompasses her upper-middle-class girlhood; her 19-year marriage that ended in divorce; her career as a schoolteacher and administrator, ending with her role as headmistress at the Madeira School in Virginia; and her romance with Dr. Tarnower, the ''Scarsdale Diet Doctor.''
The pear also doesn't like the pear psylla, a clear-winged insect of European origin that stole into this country in 1832 without papers and survives solely on the pear.
Both the management and the board of BankAmerica are believed to favor keeping the bank independent, and they might reject the First Interstate bid outright.
Between 1974 and 1985, according to figures based on the number of visas granted by the Austrian Embassy in Moscow, a further 179,899 Soviet Jews left their native land via Austria.
We ought also to be left in no doubt that the true Impressionist paintings stand out like diamonds in dung.
Mr. Shevardnadze is scheduled to leave the United States on Tuesday, which gives a sense of urgency to the negotiations, although Mr. Shultz said he was not operating on any deadline.
In 1971 the environmental group went to the Federal prosecutor charging that the county was illegally operating the Croton dump and alleging that leachate was allowed to flow freely into the Hudson River, the Croton Marsh and the Croton Bay.
When I went back and saw it from contemporary, and not nostalgic, eyes, there was a whole lot more I wanted to do with it - and there probably still is.''
The object now is to get the damned thing back.
Fear has gripped the securities business over how high up and how far the insider trading scandal will reach.
No matter their official duties, these Americans also find themselves playing unofficial translator and adviser to a foreign government - and informal spokesman for their own country.
LAWRENCE B. PELLEGRINO New London, Conn., March 27, 1986
Power (5-6) retired the first 17 batters en route to his first victory as a starter since May 2, 1983, when he beat Philadelphia with a complete game.
A study published by the Dow Chemical Company in 1978 proposed that dioxin was a naturally occurring compound produced whenever there was combustion of substances containing organic chlorine.
''Dallas has a very complicated offense, so I think the sooner the better.''
chose I'm Splendid instead of Family Style; for 3-year-old filly, where the T.R.A.
Mr. Skinner was killed Monday night in the climax to the standoff at the store where five people had been taken hostage that morning.
Cardinal Sin, speaking at an auditors gathering, cited Father Balweg in contending that some insurgents were not doctrinaire Communists but ''went to the hills because they were disgruntled'' with civil rights abuses under the Marcos Administration.
Some government officials contend that the problem is an artificial one created by the insurance industry as an excuse to raise rates.
An International Business Machines spokesman in the United States, Maxine Yve, acknowledged that the computer manufacturer's products would continue to be sold in South Africa.
E. O., Brooklyn Answer: ncnce your building has too few units to qualify as a rent-stabilized residence, you would be within your rights to ''take back'' a vacant unit for your own use and have the certificate of occupancy revised.
They talked two hours, until midnight, and Berry says now it may have been the most important conversation of his life.
On the first occasion, she had a miscarriage; the second time, she said, ''he didn't want to know about it,'' once she finally reached him in West Berlin.
''He's in training now, but after the Ferguson fight he plans to eat two of those sandwiches at one sitting.''
The Treasury started work on the revised dollar in 1978, when it became known that office copier manufacturers were developing a new generation of machines.
A pumping station was built on the Desna as a precaution in case the Dnieper might become contaminated by the Pripyat River, which flows past the power plant.
* Business changes: Business taxes will be increased over the next few years to shift more of the tax burden from individuals.
There are 32 rooms, all with baths.
And so, the President pro tem, traditionally the senior senator of the majority party, is in charge in the absence of the Vice President.
Mr. Trump's public relations firm, Howard J. Rubenstein & Associates, called Mr. Stern to invite him to a news conference at the site and Mr. Stern replied: ''Thank you for inviting me to my park.''
Evans is intense, driving, relentless.
Dinner, 5:30 P.M. to 10 P.M. Tuesday through Thursday, 5:30 P.M. to 11 P.M. Friday and Saturday, 3 P.M. to 6 P.M. Sunday.
All of the care taken in the production of washi, resulting in pure and pH-neutral (meaning, like pure distilled water, neither acid nor alkaline) paper, makes it valuable not only to the calligrapher, ink painter and wood-block printer but also to, among others, restorers of paintings and lacquered objects.
Tickets are $8 to $16.
Turned Around, Man Was Gone When the couple turned around, the man and Mr. Salonga's briefcase and his wife's Gucci pursue had disappeared.
Mr. Lyng was head of the California Department of Agriculture in the late 1960's, in Mr. Reagan's first term as Governor of California.
Amy Ellison is very effective as a hospice worker, a former nun struggling with the meaning of life, death and an understanding of God.
Mr. Walker said the meeting was suggested during a phone call from Ambassador Walker to Mr. Deaver last Oct. 1.
According to Dr. Albert L. Rubin, the institute director, it has not yet been proven that the treatment reduces blood vessel congestion.
Webb has been used primarily as the Hawks' first guard off the bench, averaging 15.6 minutes a game last season.
Gap With Western Europe Of apparently greater significance, analysts said, was a $1 billion widening of the American deficit with Western Europe, which, at $3.75 billion, slightly exceeded that with Japan for the month.
Place several wads of paper in the fireplace.
It is more important that these children develop emotional maturity with a cross section of other pupils.
Such a dual view has been reported from many cultures.
However, both city and state officials said they expected the project to not be delayed by questions raised by Mr. Lazar's involvement or by a second issue that emerged this week - the possible renegotiation of tentative financial terms between the city and state and five sets of conditionally designated developers.
On fiscal issues, he was an orthodox conservative.
''I began to see what the meaning of love was all about,'' he said.
The General Motors Acceptance Corporation is offering $400 million of collateralized mortgage obligations through First Boston Corporation with several unusual features, including monthly payments of principal and interest.
The commander of the Britannia, Rear Adm. John Garnier, said in a ship-to-shore telephone interview with the BBC in London: ''This morning we are lying close off the beach at Khormaksar where fighting is still going on.
Over the years, mannequins have grown more and more human-like, even sometimes resembling well-known figures - Marilyn Monroe in the voluptuous 1950's, Twiggy in the skinny-conscious 1960's, Jackie Onassis in the celebrity 70's, and in this decade, Joan Collins.
Justices Powell and Stevens would have made it easier to prove unconstitutional gerrymandering than would Justice White.
An era is drawing to a close in Philadelphia.
Mr. Scadden did not attend college, but his office, which adjoins his shop in the Manchester Industrial Park, is lined with well-thumbed books on travel and history, as well as volumes on ironworking.
Some are as old as the mid-19th-century struggle to give parents a greater voice in control of fledgling public schools, some as fresh as the contemporary effort to improve American schools by enhancing the ''professionalism'' of classroom teachers.
''We're coming to Manhattan because we feel there's no one representing us,'' said Dolores Hrycyk, chairman of the organizing effort in Youngstown, Ohio, who is the wife of a former LTV steelworker.
But economic realities dictate that there will be some.
But Hurst has been something of a workhorse for Boston.
LEAVE it to Ellen Stewart.
Newell's philosophy is positive thinking.
Builders interested in the 152-acre estate, known as the Wilderness, had proposed selling or destroying the mansion.
One country, China, had never before had a consumer advocacy group, but needed one now, its delegates said, as more liberal trade policies have flooded its markets with new goods.
Diamonds are a major South African export.
It pays for television time, for those smoothly produced negative advertisements.
President Assad is a member of the Alawite sect, whose roots are in the Shiite branch of Islam.
The incident occurred about 8:45 A.M. at 40 West 53d Street, where a 30-story office building is being built.
Alfa helped increase sales of its sports cars in the United States from an all-time low of 868 in 1980, to 4,500 cars last year, by extending its warranty coverage and by installing electronic components, such as fuel injection parts made by Robert Bosch, the West German automotive equipment company.
Perhaps Andy Warhol's vision of the world of the future can also be applied to tennis.
You expect to come across stuff like this in post-imperial France or Britain, but somehow in Germany it seems the victorious Allies might have angrily torn down such monuments.
Without the approval or knowledge of Congress, proceeds of these arms sales were subsequently channeled to the rebels fighting the Nicaragua Government and presumably used to provide them with weapons.
Yatron (D) N N 7.
Oil futures prices moved higher for the second consecutive session yesterday amid a growing conviction among traders that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries would agree on a method to cut production at its meeting in Geneva.
The suspect, Fred Morris of 2942 West 31st Street in the Coney Island section, was on parole from a 1984 robbery conviction in Manhattan and was arrested at the parole office on West 40th Street Tuesday evening, the police said.
Founded by Harry L. Lindquist, the magazine first appeared Sept. 17, 1932.
''Instead of saying that smoking is allowed except where specifically prohibited,'' said Maj. Bruce Bell, an Army spokesman, ''this says smoking is prohibited except for certain exceptions.''
Untreated, victims usually die from infections or bleeding.
Higher tariffs and quotas would restrict the quantity, quality and variety of flowers available to the American consumer, Mr. Smith said.
''Obviously, Claude is very upset about the reception in Paris,'' said Arlette Gordon, who cast the film and handles pubic relations for Mr. Lelouch.
Planning officials say the growing Asian population is concentrated in some of the most affluent communities in the suburbs, including Great Neck, L.I., Fort Lee, N.J., and Scarsdale in West-chester.
''We are protected as far as the dust goes,'' he said, predicting that the European spacecraft would survive the encounter.
Banks - Connecticut, closed; New York and New Jersey, most closed.
The company said the sales and earnings in the latest quarter include results of its Opti-Ray subsidiary for the entire quarter.
''My best start, I think, was in 1979,'' he said, ''when I was 2-1, then won nine straight.
But then the party was in Southampton, not the Villa Borghese, so what could you expect?
''It's probably my least favorite of the three forms.
Few of the rides, however, are simply transportation.
It suggested that the district ran only 100 feet east, Mr. Lindenbaum said.
New American issues in the Eurobond market shot up to $36.2 billion in 1985 from $21.1 billion in 1984, according to Investment Dealers Digest in New York, with many mid-size companies going abroad to raise funds for the first time, often to take advantage of lower interest rates.
He started his hurdling career using chairs as practice hurdles.
He said they believed the legislation protected American shipping and kept ''foreign ships from coastwise trade.''
Our information is that the President knew about it, probably after the fact, and agreed that - with the general concept of continuing our discussions with the Israelis concerning these matters.
''Along with other members of Congress in attendance, I expressed certain convictions regarding the direction of our foreign affairs and how to improve future relations between the executive and legislative branches.
Like many financial pundits, the Fed is ambivalent about the dollar's decline.
Both factors play a role.
''I'm very single-minded,'' said Ms. Haas.
Even in recent weeks, the French press has been full of reports that the Conservative Government of Prime Minister Jacques Chirac, which came into office promising to take a harder line on terrorism than the previous Socialist Government, was deliberating the possibility of releasing Mr. Abdallah in perhaps six months or a year in exchange for an end to the bombings.
In a statement released yesterday, David I. Margolis, Colt's chairman and chief executive, said the plan, which is subject to shareholder approval, provided shareholders with the opportunity to receive, in exchange for a portion of their equity, a cash payment at a per-share value substantially higher than historical prices of Colt shares.
But for the moment, most Los Angeles firms claim they have not been hurt.
This development arose as Mr. Marcos and his entourage of about 90 relatives and friends arrived on a United States Air Force plane in Hawaii for what may be a prolonged stay there.
The Yankees apparently wanted to clear roster space for the signing of free agents.
The researchers, Anthony Jameson and Timothy Baker of the University's Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, are the first to complete theoretical calculations for transonic airflow, in which an aircraft is moving just below the speed of sound while the flow of air above the wing accelerates to supersonic levels.
''If the President supports his Finance Minister, he is powerful in any country,'' he said. ''
Why, with all the problems, has Carter Hawley's stock been one of the best performers on the New York Stock Exchange over the last seven days?
A year later Mr. Coleman began Coleman Natural Beef Inc., today the nation's largest producer of meat raised without drugs, hormones, antibiotics, growth stimulants or other chemical substances.
A reader in search of ''the truth'' will be disappointed.
I know how dangerous that part of my own personality is.
One person who can is Christian Mouiex.
Most gold mining stocks, which soared on Monday along with precious metals, closed slightly lower as bullion prices eased yesterday.
An additional appeal should result from the mall's location on a particularly well-known public gathering spot - the place where the old Danbury Fair, a famous regional produce and livestock festival, was held early each fall for most of this century.
The State of New Hampshire has shown it is willing to have Seabrook proceed with the tests.
I think we need to realize that there is nothing we can legitimately demand from such children, though we need to encourage them, care about them and stick with them.
They were driven away from their cemetery and now there is an oil well in the center of it.''
Though illiterate, she is articulate about her life - and the limits of her life.
Mr. Whitworth, a former Navy communications specialist, is awaiting sentencing.
* International Business Machines Corp., Armonk, N.Y., has been awarded a $94 million contract for work at the Consolidated Space Operations Center at Colorado Springs, the Air Force said.
Prices and menus are subject to change.
There are quite a few capable of caring for and exhibiting this fine piece of sculpture.
All in all there seems to be a nugget of talent below the layers of cotton candy served up at Buona Tavola.
The year I spent writing was a happy one, and so, whatever the result, for me this was a liberating book.
A career Ashland employee, Mr. Luellen joined the company as a salesman in the refinery department in 1952, straight out of Indiana University.
You may, as I've indicated, consider the interest any witness may have in the outcome of the action.
Voyager 2, the spacecraft traveling more than eight years out from Earth, will swing by Uranus later this month, sending back the first close-up pictures of the veiled planet and its five moons.
Uneven application of rules is a legitimate legal issue that a jury can consider,but to get that far in a court, the plaintiff needs to establish concrete facts.
On one level, the debate is said to pit Dr. Fletcher against James C. Miller 3d, director of the Office of Management and Budget, over how to pay for the new shuttle, including whether the money should come from additional appropriations, as NASA wants, or out of existing NASA budgets.
A run-through ends earlier than expected, and Mr. Gray starts wondering ''does that mean the play is too short?
Her husband, a 34-year-old short order cook, wanted her to stay at home.
According to a 1981 issue of Congressional Quarterly, ''Asbestos fibers, carried into the body as airborne particles, are like fine glass slivers and can become embedded in the tissues of the lungs and digestive system.
In a letter released today, Daniel Fink, chairman of the council, told James C. Fletcher, the Administrator of the space agency, that steps NASA had taken to recover from the destruction of the space shuttle Challenger appeared to be ''neither adequate nor sufficiently rapid.''
Any such effort would contemplate billions of dollars - anywhere from $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion - in new loans from commercial banks.
Compared with the budget plans for fiscal 1987 prepared last year, the proposal cuts spare parts purchases for the Air Force by 39 percent; the Navy, 22 percent; the Army, 32 percent.
A grocery store robber died of an apparent heart attack after store employees chased him for five blocks on the Upper West Side, disarmed him and held him for the police, authorities said yesterday.
Another Western myth - the sometimes violent conflict between cattlemen and sheepmen - is biting the dust.
About the same time, Philip Rosenberg, president of the BPC Management Corporation, which specializes in managing low-income housing, stepped in.
Associates of Mr. Barletta said in interviews that he stepped down only after a 14-hour confrontation with General Noriega and other officers.
The Army helped Francis Ford Coppola make ''Gardens of Stone,'' which includes a military funeral in Arlington National Cemetery, by showing him uniforms the Honor Guard wore in the Vietnam era and what barracks looked like then.
''To the degree that you have a certainty replaced by an uncertainty,'' a White House official said of the change on oil officials, ''you tend to have negative effects.''
Outside of Hanover, there are a number of charming towns to explore.
Colorado St. (5-2) vs. San Diego St. (4-3) Tied for second place in W.A.C., winner keeps within reach of Air Force.
Now, personalities bordering on stardom, their fame is often earned for something other than their designs.
N.Y.S.E.-listed common stocks that showed the largest percentage gains and declines in the second quarter of 1986.
Many manufacturers offer electronic flash ringlight tubes that work with 35-millimeter cameras.
He died of lingering consumption in 1849.
For example, why was Mr. Mandela imprisoned?
According to a White House statement issued today, President Reagan, when he is in New York, will call on Mr. Perez de Cuellar ''to thank him for his active efforts to improve the workings of the United Nations and to encourage him to continue those efforts.''
Then too, there was the decision last week of the Roman Catholic episcopate to release Mr. Walesa from his pledge to donate $200,000 of his Nobel Peace Prize to the proposed Polish agricultural fund that was to link Western money, the Roman Catholic Church and the nation's farmers.
fifthly I never met a George Elliotite who had either imagination or spirit enough for a good lie.
Opposed by Exiled Leaders Chief Buthelezi is locked in bitter conflict with the leaders of the outlawed African National Congress, the most prominent of guerrilla groups seeking the violent overthrow of the Government.
Two weeks after an appeal of the disbarment order was denied, Mr. Cohn entered the National Institutes clinical center in Bethesda.
There's also a cricket field.
''I only came back to come to this extraordinary dinner.''
The Nasdaq index over all was up 1.42, to 359.57.
The integrated electronic warfare system, or Inews, is particularly lucrative because it would combine several instruments, such as warning devices, radar, infrared jammers and radar jammers, into a single package.
''And I think getting that message across is the most important thing we can do.
Elephants may be easy to count, but many of the things that concern scientists are impossible to tally except as very rough approximations.
Last year, it provided funds for the Kronos Quartet, the New Performance Group of Seattle, the New York New Music Ensemble, the Emerson String Quartet, the Twentieth Century Consort of Washington, D.C., and the Western Wind Vocal Ensemble to commission works by, respectively, Leonard Rosenman, Bern Herbolsheimer, Nicholas Thorne, Ronald Caltabiano, Steven Dembski and Robert Dennis.
We found they were fantastically responsive to clients and highly flexible.''
Within it lies a wealth of information on topics large and small.
The poker player has four cards face up on the table in front of him: two jacks, two sevens.
The advance in personal incomes was slightly below a rise of four-tenths of 1 percent in October and continued a pattern of moderate growth in incomes.
''See that guy,'' Mr. Kenny said, pointing to a man holding a door for a late friend.
Other warhorses in need of temporary retirement include ''Hello,'' ''How Do You Keep the Music Playing?''
And it's also a family atmosphere on the set, very congenial.''
The real Democratic tradition -the thread that runs through the Presidencies of Roosevelt, Truman and Kennedy - is characterized by innovative growth policies that engendered broad prosperity and expanded opportunity for millions of Americans at home; by an unbending commitment to civil rights and social justice, and by vigorous opposition to totalitarian tyranny abroad.
With the proper diligence, time and necessary will, it can be acquired and even perfected.
Sister Carol was, with Sondra Myers, an executive producer.
North and South for the opposing team were using an artificial hypermodern convention: the two-spade opening showed a three-bid in an unspecified suit.
Last month, the police assigned several hundred extra officers for a concert by the rap group Run-DMC.
The 15,000 bleacher seats at Battery Park City, which cost $60 for the tall ships parade the afternoon of July 4 and $40 for the fireworks that evening, are sold out, he said.
The bookings are up 10 to 15 percent at some airlines, a dramatic gain by industry standards, especially for holiday periods, when airlines have always been able to book flights closer to capacity.
4, where the cold northeast wind caught his drive and blew it so far right he was in two-foot grass up against a birch tree.
Phone Trick was the nation's dominant sprinter before losing his final career start to Groovy, who then took over the divisional lead but was beaten twice by Ogygian, once by Smile and once by Best by Test.
Earlier in the evening, the rioting by the police conscripts spread to the vicinity of the Swiss Embassy in downtown Cairo and the suburban area of Dokki.
As a doctoral candidate in comparative literature at Rutgers University, I have found that students in my literature and composition classes have valued the opportunity to discuss the readings.
And let's not forget the big-ticket item: the car.
Then a vote is taken to reduce the number of candidates to 10, then another vote creates six finalists.
The quarter closed out a tumultuous year for CBS.
But long plane flights with small children are simply to be endured, and the only real word of advice is that in desperate situations, with a screaming child and a horrible mess, a father appealing for help will get much more solicitude and aid from flight attendants and passengers than will a mother.
Evenings, the weekend sailors seem satisfied in their snug harbor, ensconced on decks, sipping martinis and watching the parade of strollers on the walkway watching them.
Obviously, I don't have to do that.
Detective Petracca said Mr. Marshall told him he had found the tire to be ''half flat.''
He is expected to select a Hempstead Councilman, Gregory Peterson, as presiding supervisor, according to Republican politicians.
''This game will be very important for me to see the weight that I'm at, which I can't disclose because I could get fined.''
Each vessel can accomodate 100 people.
The next day - Joel's last on the Vineyard - the three of us went forth in the afternoon in a light rain that turned into a deluge.
is the broadest measure of the nation's economic health.
We really don't know that.
The names of other organizations offering summer bus tours that include James Bay and the project are available from Tourisme-Quebec (Case Postale 20000, Quebec G1K 7X2; 514-873-2015 or, from the Eastern United States, 800-443-7000).
My name was drawn among the very first group of 20 to be selected, and we were marched off to be considered for service on a civil case.
Marilyn Monroe didn't view herself as a tragic figure; she didn't give herself that much weight.
The event, which will take place at McMillin Theater (Broadway and 116th Street), is free.
and Mr. Velasquez have used their political power to alter the shape of Mexican social landscape.
Another Celtic player, Larry Bird, suddenly converges on Magic and the Laker guard, caught by surprise, flinches and for an instant steps back across the line with one foot before resuming his dribble in the frontcourt.
But the Cubs scored three times for a 11-9 lead in the bottom of the eighth.
''Nobody is a good guy in the sense that we're rooting him on, but some are less bad than others,'' one State Department official said.
Mr. Reagan has steadfastly refused to negotiate for a comprehensive test ban treaty, the first President to take such a stand.
And then there is that basic premise.
In one move tied to the state of the economy, the Government tried recently to end smuggling, which economic analysts say is an enormous, if unrecorded, sector of the national wealth.
Meanwhile, Lech Walesa and three other leaders of the banned Solidarity movement said they had been summoned to report Saturday for police questioning about their role in a new Solidarity council composed of former fugitive leaders.
Money is flowing out of Japan to the rest of the world, through investments ranging from automobile plants in Michigan to United States Treasury bonds to loans for petroleum development in the South China Sea.
Mr. Smith and others said the departures were being prompted by a number of factors, including the economic climate in South Africa, Congressional sanctions against the country, shareholder resolutions against doing business in South Africa and a continuing divestment campaign in which many institutions have voted to sell their stock in companies with South African operations.
''We took a group of students out to a nursing home to talk with senior citizens, to get their views of what it was like for them to pass by the statue when they first arrived as immigrants,'' he explained.
Missouri ended the season at 21-14.
I would gladly stay up all night to see the investiture of Pope Mary I, but the chances of this happening in my lifetime seem slim.
In the artful combination of Barbara Pollitt's music and Ralph Lee's direction, a myth is captured for the stage.
Officials report that confidential instructions to the American delegation in Geneva contain two basic messages.
In interviews the other day, senior police officers estimated that about 30 robberies a day were taking place on the streets of the capital.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Gorbachev has done more for S.D.I.
He speaks of trying to create a ''family,'' a ''community of trust'' among the artists and artisans working at the Beaumont.
The Racine County Board first proposed a residential/marina project more than two years ago to bolster the city's eroding economic base.
The 1964 ''Daisy Commercial,'' part of Doyle Dane Bernbach's series that hung the specter of nuclear war around the neck of Mr. Johnson's Republican challenger, Barry Goldwater, is probably the best known of the collection.
Mrs. Richardson has received first prizes or best of show awards from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University and the Winter Lumen Gallery in New Rochelle.
I had shorthand and secretarial skills, which had paid my way through college, and I got a job as a temp at the International Famous Agency,'' a predecessor of International Creative Management, a talent and literary agency.
I feel good about myself when I think of smokers and gin drinkers abusing their lungs and livers.
Who is to say whether those reasons are valid?
Despite the assumption that the world would be safer without nuclear weapons, their removal does not remove international antagonisms that that threaten peace.
Mr. Cronyn, who has been stalking about with a measured parade-ground stride and is now seated half a stage away, bounds to her side so quickly that for an instant we think there must be some real emergency.
And so it went, that glorious, amorous, joyous sophomore year.
He was killed a few months later and became a martyr for the Catholic left throughout the world.
Simplicity is what makes it work.''
''I'm referring to the problems of drugs and crime.''
This policy would be the same as my previous policy but will now cost 300 percent more.
Abram Hill, born in Atlanta on Jan. 20, 1910, came to New York when he was 13 years old.
Lyle Stuart will also publish Mr. Agee's ''101 Questions You Wanted to Know About the C.I.A.''
The measure will next go to the Supreme Court for a resolution of its constitutionality.
''The educational reform movement is now at a point where initiatives from the Federal Government would have far more impact than they could have had even three years ago,'' he explained.
Of course, you can say, 'Well, in 1948 so-and-so, and then the King David Hotel blah-blah-blah.'
A Neapolitan tune, arranged by Riccardo Drigo, wakes this Pierrot, buried under a dust sheet.
We now have to put up with those ''War of the Worlds'' monsters.
The increase in imports of 7.5 percent and decrease in exports of 7.1 percent was particularly discouraging coming as it did at a time when the nation's trade balance had been expected to improve because of an 18-month fall in the international value of the dollar.
Repeated efforts to reach Mr. Burrus's lawyer, Anthony Jackson, were unsuccessful, but he was quoted by The Philadelphia Inquirer as confirming the payments for the Farrakhan visit and characterizing them as a loan that was intended to be repaid.
Those who fail again will have their present teaching certificates canceled, officials said.
Mr. Richie, who achieved his huge popularity singing homemade musical valentines that sweeten catchy pop-country melodies with late-Romantic harmonies, has been itching to shake off the image of himself as wimpy balladeer.
On American television, however, it sometimes looked as if they had won.
Several other musicians have orchestrated Mussorgsky's suite, among them Henry Wood, Leopold Stokowski, Walter Goehr and Vladimir Ashkenazy (there are also substantially rearranged piano versions by Vladimir Horowitz and Harold Bauer, and arrangements for solo guitar, synthesizer and even rock band).
That simple procedure, they point out, ''puts attention on the situation itself instead of on the question 'what to do?'
''The one thing they and the other shuttle contractors are doing is not speculating publicly on how it happened.
Taken together, the new documents suggest that the Marcoses' accumulation of large sums of money, their use of dummy companies to hide their growing fortune and their profligate spending habits all began well before the imposition of martial law in 1972.
For ''capitalism,'' he says, most people are going to say capitalismus, which is not all bad, because the Latin word caput has many meanings, one of which is ''principal,'' as in the capital upon which interest is earned.
The Astros, who have been in first place since July 19 after being picked by many to finish at the bottom of the division, had maintained all along that they wanted to earn the title by winning the clinching game, rather than depending on the misfortunes of their closest competitors.
There is still a place, meanwhile, for the old-style monograph, with its sumptuous format and its unhurrying, digressive and commodious procedures.
''We who live here don't even notice it, but someone touring from New York or Los Angeles would say there are old broken-down buildings here.''
But the Pentagon always calls it training when the Guard goes overseas.
The city's Parks and Recreation Department is redesigning the 1.339-acre park in a project scheduled to begin this month, according to Robert Naeder, a department administrator.
It was a lively, balanced collection.
But this injury was different.
Three choreographers combined dance with films in ''Moving Images,'' the program offered Wednesday night at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival.
Accident figures that would reflect the change there are not yet available, according to the state's Department of Transportation.
''We are not focusing on the shoeshining people.
Most of the Karan money was spent on a film that would play in the boutiques and on big, splashy institutional ads in W. Donna Karan and her partners gambled, correctly, that the stores, in their own self-interest, would be generous in helping to pay for what are called co-op ads.
The biggest challenge, however, is in the peripherals business - once the largest source of profits and now the biggest money loser.
Mr. Sims said the Navy had been authorized to request $600 million in the fiscal year 1988 and $800 million in the fiscal year 1989 to begin buying components for the new ships.
Mr. Kaplan, who is the founder and publisher of the magazine Institutional Investor, became fascinated by the symphony at the age of 18.
They're a little less magnanimous about the taste.
Try Jack Clark, Tim Raines, Bob Horner, Andrew Dawson, Gary Ward, Brian Downing and Doug DeCinces.
By exposing the radioactive bases to X-ray film, a distinct pattern of thick and thin bars appeared that researchers could read, determining the sequence of nucleic acids in the original DNA strand.
So the first day I got all dressed up - I put a suit on; I figured that was the first thing you would do as mayor - and I went to the village office.
She is not helped by the vague idea of the screenwriters (Jeffrey M. Sneller and T. Michael Harry) about who her character is or how she might talk.
It was the longest postseason game in baseball history, and one of the most gripping, and it put an elegant finishing touch to six years of rebuilding the Mets from last place to first.
''One of our biggest problems is the perception that people are dropping like flies from medicine tampering,'' said John T. Walden, senior vice president of the Proprietary Association, a drug industry trade group in Washington.
Today's deficit, moreover, is demonstrably not the fire-breathing monster so often depicted.
But there is a glitch in DART's plan.
Today's Clowns More Skilled ''Today the clowns are better trained and more skilled'' than in the 1930's and 40's, Mr. Feld said.
Overlooking this human comedy is Ferrer himself, intense, haughty and ferociously composed, except for his black collar, which sprouts out of his clean white sweater like a rumpled, carnivorous flower.
An equally elegant version, holding 24 pictures, is priced at $50.
Torrey said that Nystrom, whose contract expires at the end of the season, would continue to join the team at practice and act as a coaching and scouting assistant to the club.
They suggested that the ''witching hour'' was mostly a public relations problem.
''Don't Miss Out'' by Rober Leider.
Similar expenses have been reported by New York City's municipal hospitals.
If The Dallas Morning News paperboys botch their deliveries, there is room enough to record all 250,000 subscriber complaints.
It is an unusually bleak moment, even by the standards of a writer preoccupied by such themes.
Bond and others added that establishing just how much radiation each person in the area had received would be difficult, just as it was after Three Mile Island.
They have won only once since the pine-tar game played July 24, 1983.
The total of 25 disqualified runners set a New York Marathon record.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
In 1984, 56 such assaults were recorded.
Neither of those axioms is completely valid yet there is a grain of truth in both.
In addition, he noted, there is a separate legalization program for aliens who can show that they performed seasonal agricultural work in the United States for at least three months in the period from May 1985 to May 1986.
The Cavaliers got an unexpected series of 3-point scores in the third quarter - in fact, they hit all four attempts, including one at the buzzer of 70 feet by John Bagley, who let fly a one-hander that swished through.
In ''City of Dreams,'' the graphic artist John Ross offers a bridge from a modern metropolis to a futuristic nightmare that seems too short for comfort.
It begins with Colonial likenesses, one of a sophisticated little girl in a long white dress by Ammi Phillips, the other of a father and two sons by Joshua Johnston.
''My constituents say that they can't even find private buses,'' Mr. DiFrancesco said.
5) in the other quarterfinal.
He said that such appointments were generally channeled through City Hall and that the Commissioner had the choice of accepting or rejecting them, but not of picking his own deputy.
I repeat, they don't want the aircraft.''
Those were among the proposals made last week at a House census and population subcommittee hearing, studying plans for the 1990 census.
It works closely with Team Lotus, a separate company, on Formula 1 racers for world championships.
But there again they run into roadblocks.
White House officials said the proposal would ''pretty much insulate'' Federal programs for poor people from cuts.
The performances by Holland and Scurry were interesting because they might have muddied the Yankees' thinking and improved Bob Shirley's chances of remaining with the team.
The bouillabaisse was better than the one we had had in Marseilles, the bouillabaisse capital.
* Stir in another tablespoon of butter, the parsley, salt and pepper to taste.
John has been a necessary ingredient for the Yankees because four pitchers are currently disabled: Rod Scurry, Ed Whitson, John Montefusco and Britt Burns.
''He got the impression and wrote on his check it was for 'war bonds.'
Last week, however, Larry Speakes, the Presidential spokesman, once again ruled out any new taxes.
Such re-examinations have been conducted regularly to verify that tenants still met Federal and local eligibility criteria based on financial need.
The polling places will be open from 6 A.M. to 9 P.M.
Another travel company that books trips, for agents or individuals, to Easter Island is Latour (114 East 28th Street, New York, N.Y. 10016; 212-279-1414).
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
Several public Wall Street firms have also set up deferred compensation programs that allow participants not only to reduce their tax bills but also guarantee them an attractive annual return - typically 11 to 15 percent, according to Mrs. Meyer of Handy Associates.
The quest for ajiaco, the national soup, might lead to La Carreta on Tuesdays, Versailles on Sundays.
Injuries have been limited to broken fingernails and a twisted knee, Mrs. Fog said.
Although most police officials interviewed around the country last week agreed that marijuana has become less available and more expensive recently, there was also a consensus that largest amounts of the drug are still being imported illegally and grown in clandestine gardens.
''You see it happen time and again, particularly in any environment where you mix engineers and managers,'' said William H. Starbuck, a professor at New York University's school of business who is preparing a case study of the Challenger disaster.
Because the planes are translucent, your eye does not hold on the grid, but moves back and forth, continuously referencing the architecture and, in effect, attending the whole phenomenon.''
President Reagan has requested an increase of 8 percent, in addition to an inflation adjustment.
But Michael K. Evans, an analyst at Evans Economics Inc. in Washington, said: ''The figures certainly are not very bullish.
One problem, Professor Kaplan said, is that most companies use some sort of return-on-investment technique to evaluate proposed new investments.
It was discovered in particle physics, when researchers noticed that particle beams emitted light that interfered with experiments.
We built trenches for three years until the world saw it had to unite against Hitler.''
Within each bay, ar-chitectural elements - including bookcases, counters, windows and a staircase - were placed symmetrically.
Plant capacity was not the source of power failures, the report said, but fires, a frozen oil line and strikes caused the problems.
We'd like to know exactly what was said, how that concern was expressed and to whom.
Also invited were Laura Blackburne, counsel to the state chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People; Arthur Barnes, president of the New York Urban Coalition; Dr. Marcella Maxwell, chairman of the city's Commission on Human Rights; Dr. Brown, Mr. Daughtry and several other ministers.
He even got a court order confirming this right.
And registered Democrats outnumber Republicans, 690,000 to 460,000.
Respiratory infections, like diarrheal diseases, are general categories, not single diseases.
International fellows this year are: ASKARI, Mohsin, 36, assistant editor, Dawn, Karachi, Pakistan.
And their best player is recovering from a bruised spleen.
But soon after the tragedy was the moment for the man in charge to step up to the cameras and deal with the bad news.
Mr. Bates is survived by a daughter, Georgina, and by his mother and a brother.
But by this afternoon, Mr. Dole appeared to lose a Democratic vote and the outlook for his substitute proposal was up in the air, according to staff.
''The average person has at least a college degree and usually a graduate degree,'' she says, noting that frequently the program of study represents ''a return to a love which they have been away from.
Do any of you have a question for the other guy that you've always wanted to ask him?
That leads us to the New School for Social Research, which, living up to its name, recently decided to do a bit of research on the subject.
Sitting in a window seat, Henry Harde, a communications manager from Peekskill, called the cars ''quiet, heated, well lit,'' with ''good, clean bathroom facilities.''
Submarine Still Smoking While a Pentagon official said there appeared to be no danger of radiation either from the nuclear reactor which powers the vessel or the nuclear-armed missiles aboard, the submarine was still emitting smoke late into the night.
There is a more sanguine way to view the wage issue.
Principals in the project, however, say that though it may take 12 to 18 months to lease the space, there will be no rent reductions.
''In view of Cuban insistence on their own proposals, no agreement was reached,'' he said.
It's disappointing that he didn't call.
''The general college attitude of alma mater is gone,'' he said, ''and the student is given greater freedom.''
Mr. Ortiz, who showed up for work at Holiday Liquors in Grand Central Terminal wearing an Eastern Division champions T-shirt, a Mets sweatshirt and a team jacket, said sales of New York State champagne had soared since Wednesday night when the Mets won the pennant.
The Indians also were said to be close to signing Jamie Easterly, a pitcher, before the deadline.
After all, the memorial would not only keep the memory of Matthew alive, but would represent the first major architectural change in one of Yale University's most beloved courtyards.
You have to write, you have to direct, you have to be an actor, a mime.
''There was a mix-up,'' he said.
''I'd rather see the Yankees on TV lose, than the Red Sox win.
The measure has drawn strong opposition from the PAC's themselves, and the Senate may wind up not voting on the issue at all, choosing instead to appoint a study commission and thereby delaying any real action for another year or two.
The raucous celebration began with fans blocking the Periferico, the main expressway north, pounding on cars and chanting, as riot police stood by tolerantly.
It is the easiest film to use for offbeat effects in sunlight.
But the bishops rejected such proposals as allowing women to be ordained or priests to marry.
''You shouldn't just sit in the showroom,'' Miss Vandermolen said.
candidate is Leona L. Leo, principal appellate law assistant in the Appellate Division of Manhattan's Supreme Court, who is running for one of Manhattan's two boroughwide Civil Court vacancies.
Several services, for example, now provide a brief recorded introduction and then invite callers with Touch-Tone telephones to choose any of several scenarios.
''There is no special plan the Prime Minister is carrying with him,'' he added in an interview broadcast by Israeli radio.
The farthest misty ridge encloses Glacier National Park.
''Lead us to clues that will be useful to our law-enforcement officials'' The canvassing effort, which drew about 20 people, was organized by State Senator Arthur Langford, pastor of the church.
But by the time I write the letter and mail it off - two quite separate time frames - and then actually get a reply, the irises will have withered to their dry brown finale and I will be wondering about the pears and how to stop the squirrels from eating them before they are ripe.
The terms can mean little to readers unless the author illustrates them by describing a training session and showing how realistic flight situations are dealt with.
In specific subject areas, Mr. Bennett charged that some primary schools had failed in their ''most basic responsibility'' of teaching students to read fluently and that the teaching of writing was frequently confused with ''filling in little blanks.''
Mr. Pins, who installed the miles of wiring and all of the hand-cut, hand-painted ties, proceeded to bring the layout to life.
Officials of several groups in the real-estate industry said they did not see the need for such a law, but would not oppose it.
''There is no reason,'' the paper said, ''to expect these newcomers to differ from their predecessors: young, well-educated, prosperous and Republican.''
The sources said they did not know if the attacks caused any damage or casualties.
But it's only a trick - chiaroscuro the artists call it.
Currently, only certain consumer products, such as television sets and stereos, are marketed under the ITT name.
But Bingham had not practiced the exchange with a quarterback since injuring his right thumb on Jim Burt's helmet in the exhibition game with the Giants in late August.
Under state law, only a judge can handle child custody cases.
He said that those variables include the fact that falling gasoline prices spur consumption far less than higher prices restrain it, as well as the driving public's ''ingrained habits of conservation,'' which have sharply reduced ''spendthrift driving.''
Tonight came a reverberation from the accident of a different sort.
''She said to me that day that some day she wanted to ride in space,'' Mrs. Eldridge said.
''That single policy instrument cannot itself provide the answer,'' he said in his statement.
The theme is repeated by diplomats, aid officials, scholars and the few business representatives who somehow manage to trade with Vietnam.
In both the criminal and civil suits, the Government contends that General Dynamics attributed costs to the wrong categories.
On the shiny new Hutch, once past the inevitable bottleneck in Fleetwood, we whizzed along at a full 40 miles per hour.
Yet its ''central business district'' is a joke: no threat of high-rise monoculture there.
In a Proustian touch at the end, an aged Alice will pick up the glove the Rabbit gives Alice both in the book and the ballet.
Both the Russians and the Americans disclosed this evening that two working groups had been formed, one to discuss arms-control issues and the other to talk about human rights and regional issues.
''I'm sorry,'' said Mr. Giuliani, starting his explanation of an intricate deal over again.
Mr. Jackson's relationship with Mr. Young dates to the civil rights movement, but it showed signs of strain in 1984 when Mr. Jackson ran for the Presidency and Mr. Young chose not to support him.
The nonprofessional who invests as a limited partner is in effect relying on the acumen of the general partner who does the actual buying and managing of real estate.
Martial arts, spies and counterspies, and an intrigue to control all of Asia.
Beck had to send his novels to the agency, but got back the rights to them after he retired.
The exception involved certain documents that had been illegally obtained by the F.B.I.
Powers sometimes address their ''alert reader'' with heavily freighted prose.
The other was Michael Kramer of New York magazine, who has told the Cuomo camp he is contemplating writing a biography of the Governor, a potential Presidential candidate in 1988.
And no book is bigger here at the moment than James Clavell's ''Whirlwind,'' for which William Morrow & Company and Avon Books paid $5 million this year in a hotly contested auction.
President Reagan joined a variety of foreign leaders today in congratulating Kurt Waldheim on his election as President of Austria.
In Oklahoma City, the Jesus House shelter downtown has been unable to meet its Nov. 1 rent and utilities payments.
The major problem with the film is its relentless picturesqueness and lack of dramatic focus.
To the Editor: Like Paul West, Marguerite Yourcenar, in her preface to ''Fires,'' discusses the value of ''purple'' writing: ''The almost excessive expressionism of these poems'' is ''a legitimate effort to portray the full complexity and passion of an emotion.''
From Windwardside, the road winds past villages to St. John's, where St. Eustatius is visible on the horizon.
Cities 'Look Aggressively' Officials from Boston to Honolulu have been acting on big backlogs of unpaid traffic tickets to supplement their revenue, discourage illegal parking and unclog the streets.
But he added, ''It is my impression that he was unaware of the controversy.''
The inquiry commission, headed by Justice Moshe Bejski of the Supreme Court, had denounced the bankers for manipulating the shares of their respective banks and contributing to their crash while the governor was condemned for failing to act to redress distortions in the money market for nearly two years.
Last year, more than 1,000 families browsed the booths, chatted with camp personnel and took home the free directories that are distributed to visitors, containing detailed information about all the camps at the fair.
The South African Defense Force, in a statement issued from its headquarters in Pretoria, said Unita forces had been so successful that Angola ''does not know what to do about the situation and therefore is resorting to unadulterated propaganda to convince the world that all is well.''
''Sophisticated Ladies,'' which uses Duke Ellington music, and Roger Miller's ''Big River'' recently joined the list.
Believed U.S. Would Attack Soviet leaders, he told them, believed that Mr. Reagan intended to order an attack against the Soviet Union or one of its close allies, perhaps Cuba.
The criteria Congress should require for successful negotiations are the mutual withdrawal of foreign troops and military support in the area, and cessation of Nicaraguan intervention in the hemisphere - the only legitimate subjects of our concern.
''We could cancel part of our loans.
No one can doubt that Congress and the President are confronted with fiscal and economic problems of unprecedented magnitude, but ''the fact that a given law or procedure is efficient, convenient and useful in facilitating functions of government, standing alone, will not save it if it is contrary to the Constitution.
''If they are beginning to change their minds and want to make certain that they are changing in the right direction, we are ready to help them.
The first proposed route sliced through a prized nature and recreation preserve and wildlife sanctuary - the Watchung Reservation.
But as a result of new research, many surgeons now prefer the internal mammary artery from the chest, and the latest study confirms that decision.
Unlike four years ago, when his election campaign began with news conferences around the state, the 45-year-old Democrat confined his schedule today to an appearance at Houston's Briargrove Elementary School, where his mother, Sarah Elizabeth Wells White, taught for 36 years.
'Absolutely Floored Us' A Mentor official said today that the company was surprised by Daisy's announcement and did not expect similar problems in the quarter.
''They have known my date of birth since 1982,'' he said in an interview.
Some of the cuts that the two proposed in nonmilitary programs are not authorized by the law, Mr. Bowsher said.
and then hit his 16th home run in the seventh.
Mr. Dietz, on the other hand, said he ''will leave York only when I'm six feet under.''
In 'Timepiece,' we see the passage of time in the life of a man as he struggles with inanimate objects that sometimes come to life and display human emotions.
But there is software on the drawing boards that may help computers not only spew forth data but reason out trading strategies.
There is one census tract where the infant mortality rate was 63 per 1,000 in 1984.
Show Me a Story: Tales From Beatrix Potter.
There were conflicting reports on the nature of the patrols by Civilian Materiel Assistance, a three-year-old group that has been active in providing aid for the rebels in Nicaragua.
Sid Fernandez may be fat, and he may be silent, and he may throw with a strange delayed hitch of his left arm.
''It sounds to me,'' he said, ''like you guys are running out of questions.''
The company also has succeeded in reaching its other major goal: its three partners have retained enough control over their schedules that they are able to lead active family lives even as they bring home impressive earnings.
Tway, recalling his approach shot on the 535-yard 18th, a par 5, said: ''For that kind of shot in normal circumstances, you usually use a pitching wedge.
In our society, the true validation of any fleeting audio or visual experience has always been the printed word.
''If the players see that and they realize we're a good ball club, they'll produce like it.
This cross-country extension of the concept of neighbor helping neighbor has been repeated from New England to the Great Plains in the last two weeks as residents reached out to farmers in the South, where parched lands have ruined crops and brought the loss of livestock.
Yet this was not done until Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d briefed the media on Nov. 25.
It merges memory and desire, bookishness and smut, with the most dexterous and expert touch.
Calls to officials of the Lipscomb company were not returned.
The official, Hani al-Hassan, said in an interview that the United States had offered to invite the P.L.O.
Howard's actions may frustrate our ability to get a bill this year.''
McNealy Is Standout Over all, the Knicks shot 69 percent from the field (50 of 73) and had seven players who scored in double figures.
Breland, too, acknowledged the fight was not business as usual.
''We figured we could sell flowers and plants to our vegetable customers and make some extra money that way,'' he said.
Mr. Reisman, in an interview, said, ''To the best of my knowledge, I have done nothing wrong.''
* Pacific Gas and Electric Co., which has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an offering of $250 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds, due in 2020, through competitive bids, announced yesterday that it had made an offer to repurchase from bondholders about $900 million of outstanding first and refunding bonds.
But Hormel officials said that the highly automated packing house was designed for a work force of about 1,100 and that some operations had been moved to other plants.
''I think there is an even more glorious era right around the corner.''
Men from 16 to 40 years old carry the unwieldy tower, and perform several dances in a single ''lift'' lasting four to six minutes.
Mrs. Levant invited him to her apartment where she was immediately charmed.
''All the food is covered over with white cloths so people don't freak out seeing saddles of venison, chickens and so on,'' Mr. Walsh said with a smile.
Then, when Frontier became enmeshed in a fare war, People Express imposed its own no-frills strategy, which alienated customers.
New York is a city of writers -thousands of writers, using the term loosely - where scenes of plays, chapters of novels, soap opera scripts, magazine pieces, newspaper articles and screenplays are now written on computers and race around town through wires beneath the streets.
Unable to recover from the mortgage company, the developer sued the accounting firm.
Some officials speculated that the explosion could produce major changes in design, such as the addition of rockets to enable the French shuttle to fly independently in an emergency.
This spring the High Museum opened a downtown annex inside a three-story glass-walled atrium of the national headquarters of the Georgia-Pacific Company at 133 Peachtree Street NE.
The issues are the completion of a geographical survey of the disputed area and the choice of the three international arbitrators. ]
The Reichmanns are currently struggling to retain Hiram Walker's liquor operations, which were sold to Allied-Lyons P.L.C.
Certainly the thing on sanctions, there is no question about that.
She dueled head-and-head with Collins for the final half-mile and ground out a narrow victory.
But can St. John's beat Georgetown without Walter Berry?
Also included are discounts for sightseeing tours, discounted - and some free - entry to many museums and monuments, car rentals, hotels and a full range of tourist attractions in such regions as the Alps, Brittany, Burgundy, Champagne, Limousin, the Loire Valley, North-Pas de Calais and the Riviera.
BROOKLYN: Coney Island from Manhattan Beach to West 35th Street.
(Television - SportsChannel, 8 P.M. Radio - WOR 710, 8 P.M.) Other Events BOWLING: The $150,000 AC-Delco Classic, at Union City, Calif. HARNESS RACING: The Meadowlands, 8 P.M., opening night of the winter meeting.
Is it too much to ask for evenhandedness?
''Yes, I cussed a lot during the past year or so,'' she says.
The dancers also squabbled, had fits, threw tantrums and collapsed with fatigue.
''I'm not big on sequins.''
''The Mosquito Coast'' was directed by Peter Weir; the director and the star, Mr. Ford, worked together on the film ''Witness,'' for which Jadrien tried out, but did not get the part.
And, in a case that has raised significant issues of states' rights, they helped convince California officials to appeal to the United States Supreme Court a lower court's ruling that has permitted mining of limestone near the coast in the Los Padres National Forest.
But this is not to say that Plato stands refuted.
That's the prospect that apparently concerns Steinbrenner, whose litany this winter has been that he has to lower his payroll.
Their candidate in that Long Island district is Gregory J. Blass, presiding officer of the Suffolk County Legislature.
His request for an injunction preventing the companies from canceling their policies was granted by the West Virginia Supreme Court after a lower court rejected the request.
Inside that room the noise was dreadful.
When the lake narrows into impassable creek, or ends, you put the canoe on your shoulders and carry it to the next water.
Indeed, a third generation is now making its contribution; one of Mr. Sills's four daughters, 23-year-old Rachel, is the youngest member of the ''Sills & Company'' cast.
Adults will have an even more difficult time.
In the last week, Mr. Edwards has answered dozens of desperation calls, fitting in the few he could, one field surgeon tending to a slaughter.
''There isn't the same camaraderie.
''If there's consternaton,'' Ms. Tutwiler said, ''I haven't heard it.''
Students have ample opportunity to participate and express opinions.
The A.H. Robins Company said today that it posted a 1985 fourth-quarter profit of $13.5 million, or 55 cents a share, after losing more than $481.8 million in the 1984 period.
''You wouldn't have an apparel show in Des Moines,'' she said.
The Ambassador, Loutof Allah Haydar, said that was ''nonsense.''
Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War Boston, Jan. 3, 1986
This benefit will also be phased out for incomes between $200,000 and $250,000.
They will stay here the rest of the week at the Falcons' complex and will practice against the Falcons Friday afternoon, Saturday morning and afternoon and Sunday morning.
A questioner asked if any of the group was using his craft to illuminate the situation in South Africa.
''They are a normal part of the volcano's behavior and not a sign that a large eruption is imminent,'' he said.
Utah Jazz...15 Assuming Darrell Griffith, sidelined last season with a broken foot, will be back and signed, hope luck brings another Karl Malone.
And for those who came wary of speeches and ceremonies, the music was the thing.
In this era of tight government financing, Ms. Oliva's days are filled with searching for money.
Music Books and Scores Lost Most of the volumes destroyed Wednesday were music books and scores, officials said.
But literary nationalism may also take an antiacademic form.
This led to intensive surveillance of the area and numerous arrests.
Demonstrators have frequently taken to the streets since the Duvaliers' departure, but as recently as last week they were limiting their complaints to calls for prosecution of the Tontons Macoute and the removal of certain individuals from the interim Government.
Michael Walker, 23 years old, pleaded guilty with his father and received a sentence of 25 years.
The Royal Dutch/Shell Group has bluntly condemned South Africa's apartheid policies, but the company defended its decision to continue to do business in that country.
Peace Corps volunteers get a view of the way four-fifths of the people on the globe live and work, which very few Americans ever get.
They might be willing to do so but insisted to Mr. Shultz that it's equally important for the United States and Nicaragua to resume talks.
The world debt crisis of the early 1980's made it impossible for Brazil to satisfy the demands of new industries for high technology or to fulfil the intensified expectations of urbanites.
The onslaught of the peace forces increased considerably.
Several of those prize-winners will be displaying their talents in New York.
At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Ogdensburg, N.Y., yesterday Patricia Ann Brandy, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Brandy 3d of Ogdensburg, was married to Francis Thomas Connor, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. Connor of Stamford, Conn.
If the momentum of this agreement continues, the outcome will likely be another Lebanon, which is just what the Irish Republican Army has been trying to achieve all these years.
Highly placed supporters of Mr. Marcos concede that he might be facing defeat.
''All the signals at this point are negative,'' said one Reagan Administration trade official, commenting on chances that the ministers would accede to the Soviet request at their meeting beginning Sept. 15 at Punta del Este, Uruguay.
(Overall non-farm employment grew less than 2 percent annually during that time.)
The results corroborated similar results from three European studies and another American study over the past decade indicating that half or more of the schizophrenics eventually recovered or significantly improved.
Pop Album of the Week: ''Word Up!,'' Cameo (Atlanta Artists-Polygram): Cameo's trademark is terse, machine-tooled funk with an undertone of deadpan humor - a cooler version of George Clinton's Parliament-Funkadelic beat, updated with Prince's keyboard savvy.
The danger is that a national treasure will have to be sold at public auction to satisfy the judgment.
He contends he merely provided the use of police radios to prevent the legal meeting from becoming disorderly.
''We're all grasping for straws.
According to Mr. Shively, Interior Secretary Donald P. Hodel told senators and native leaders that if Congress extended the ban on stock sales, it should allow dissenting shareholders a right to sell their shares to the corporations.
An important signal to employers that hiring replacements could not only be effective but could be widely viewed as acceptable conduct, experts said, came with the dismissal of 11,000 air traffic controllers by President Reagan in 1981 after an illegal strike.
Clouds that have been below us abruptly begin to curtain us, the temperature drops, and we cut short our usual two-hour break.
Mrs. Eways's troubles began because she told the truth on an application for a tourist visa in 1978, when she volunteered that she had been a member of the Communist Party and was granted a waiver.
''I was astute enough to recognize that the man was clearly out,'' Denkinger has said.
Cullinet, which said on Tuesday that it expects a first-quarter loss, fell 2 3/4, to 8 1/8.
The short covering in the coupon sector developed after the Federal Reserve bought $250 million of Treasury notes for the account of a client in the early afternoon.
TOM BLOMQUIST Brick Township The Times welcomes letters from readers.
A dozen costumes with accessories, and a number of additional hats and other items, are being shown in the first costume exhibition ever mounted by Lyndhurst, the Gould family estate in Tarrytown.
Moreover, even with a 55-to-45-seat edge in the Senate, the Democrats will not have an automatic majority on every issue and will have to reach across the aisle for help.
Questioned for 12 Hours Mrs. Noorhassan was questioned by detectives at the 75th Precinct for more than 12 hours.
But there is something even more elemental about getting a grip on gardening.
''I never believed that only 40 years after the war, we would have to re-prove the existence of Nazi atrocities,'' said Pierre Vidal-Naquet, a historian who is a critic of the revisionists.
The vocational school, at 1 Wells Street in Brooklyn, will redesign its program.
Meanwhile, a team of 20 economists drawn from the companies of council members, predicted that the economy would expand this year by a respectable but hardly vigorous 2.7 percent and that the rise in the gross national product would advance to 3.2 percent in 1987.
A spokesman for the Mayor said the city would like to buy Charlie a new kite, but ''it's impossible to voucher a kite.''
And management is no longer negotiating just to give up as little as possible; they're actually demanding concessions.''
A senior law-enforcement official said the disclosure indicated that the analyst, Larry Wu-Tai Chin, may have helped Peking determine the identity of American agents working in China.
Mai Chi Tho had been mayor and party secretary in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon, and is considered one of Vietnam's leading experts on state security.
''If we waited for the whole building to be finished before we moved people in, the building would be taken over by squatters or destroyed by vandals,'' said Barbara Allen, the social worker accompanying the women on the van.
At various times in Washington history, more or less by chance, a single state has suddenly found itself in a position of great influence when two or more of its politicians win major elections or move into powerful Congressional posts.
The return of Mr. Moussa to the French market carries symbolic importance.
In ''The Moon Pinnace,'' his strategy of juxtaposition is geographical.
The program seeks to instill in them the social values that are almost automatically conferred on middle-class children.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
The protesters made a bonfire on Friday, throwing in designer jeans, cheese, wine and french fries.
Then the phone rang, and within an hour Chantal had a new client, the Interferon Pharmaceutical Company.
Cigna took a $1.2 billion charge against its fourth-quarter earnings, resulting in a $1 billion operating loss.
'I'm Not Apprehensive' That did not prevent some cadets from hoping that adventure awaited.
Across the street is Bar-Restaurante Polinario, for tapas and buffet lunches.
Coaches, Players Vote Players regard Pro Bowl selection as a special honor because the voting is done by coaches and players in their conference.
They scrambled to find a write-in candidate.
The proposal by the developers, Daniel Gans and George Vallone, includes a ''food mart'' about half the size of the Shop-Rite that would stock groceries, but not extras such as hardware and auto supplies.
] The Government press agency Tass, citing the K.G.B., the internal security agency, said Mr. Sites was ''arrested in Moscow on May 7, when he had a secret meeting with a Soviet citizen recruited by the U.S. intelligence service.
Common Stock * Eldec Corp. is making an initial public offering of 1.25 million common shares at $12.50 a share through Drexel Burnham Lambert.
And it agreed to include the cooking medium used.
''I'm dumbfounded,'' said Mr. Wehr.
Some studies found that intellectually gifted children were sometimes less popular than those of average intelligence because they offered advice to other children in an insensitive, domineering manner.
In the final two minutes of the half, Miller hit three free throws, Jack Haley put in two and Montel Hatcher added a jumper as the Bruins pulled clear.
You can see many walls, the complete layout of a plantation with the main house, the overseer's house, the milkhouse, the stable, a cookhouse with a huge fireplace, a small chapel and the family cemetery.
Wynegar, who was a free agent last winter, returned to the Yankees by signing a three-year contract worth a guaranteed $2.2 million with an option year in 1989 for a nonguaranteed $750,000.
Breakfast is $3 to $5 a person.
After the hanging, Mr. Moloise's elderly mother and his aunts, some of them wrapped in worn blankets, huddled together in a parking lot and softly sang ''Nkosi Sikelele Afrika'' - God Bless Africa - which is regarded as the black anthem.
'It Was a Little Different' ''Things did whack right along,'' said Senator Alan K. Simpson of Wyoming, the Republican whip.
In a cryptic exchange with Arthur Ashe, then the United States Davis Cup captain, Lendl said he would like to play for the American team.
Mr. Monaghan, after bidding $5 million for the Bugatti Royale, dropped out of the competition.
So that is what I have learned in 40 years as a reporter and editor.
A Japanese man with two children in tow is en route to one of the least spoiled island paradises in Thailand - the island of Samui, reachable from the train stop at Suratthani - scheduled for 4:30 A.M. -followed by a five-hour ferry ride.
You have just been exposed to a noxious influence called secular humanism.
Senator John H. Chafee, a Rhode Island Republican who previously opposed such legislation, said he would now support it.
He said a group of students researched themes, drew up plans, and built models of the dioramas, which portrayed the stories of Connecticut's immigrants, but no financing was available to build them.
However, Mr. Packwood's majority among the Senate conferees is flimsy.
The Celtics led, 31-30, at the quarter, but the Rockets made only 2 of their first 15 shots in the second period, and the Celtics' lead grew to 60-50 at halftime.
His devious - and exceedingly clever - play considers the nature of the reel thing.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
moved to 26 Federal Plaza seven years ago, its agents continued to keep in touch with the staff and children at the hospital.
Finally, the naturalist took a herbal bath.
The specific issue in those jury instructions, cited in both Justice Crane's decision and in the Appellate opinions yesterday, concerned the so-called reasonable man standard -whether Mr. Goetz's action in shooting the youths should be judged in the context of his own state of mind or that of a hypothetical reasonable man placed in the circumstances that Mr. Goetz faced at the time of the shooting.
Today at 6:30 P.M., ''The Best Christmas Pageant Ever'' gets what promises to be a particularly attractive reading at Symphony Space, Broadway and 95th Street (864-5400).
Like the familiar coupe, the convertible's primary attribute is quiet muscularity.
Suriname, a former Dutch colony, has been led since 1980 by a military strongman, Lieut.
In the mid-1970's Polytechnic began an undergraduate engineering program at its Long Island campus in Farmingdale, which had previously been used only for research, and started offering courses through other universities in the metropolitan area.
If he decides to run, politicians say, the earlier he decides the better for him.
Also at the Annex are Christmas cards and discounted goods - usually discontinued items or discontinued colors.
People choose to use drugs, and a few use them unwisely.
Meanwhile, the professor is growing anxious about losing her job if she reintegrates Frederick -whom she insists on calling the Second, not the Great -and reluctantly gives him a visa to cross over to West Berlin.
This at least would be in line with Red's low-key but unrelenting competitiveness, which for years was stoked by his conditions of employment.
At the same time the state health authorities released a report showing that from 1979 to 1983 residents near the base died of cancer at rates 7 to 13 percent higher than those for other parts of the Cape or the state.
The Mayor was widely criticized for allowing the increase without extracting any productivity concessions.
But analysts said a drop in oil prices may have had a bigger impact than the court ruling.
While the two legislators were proposing new contribution limits, Assemblyman Saul Weprin, a potential candidate for Queens Democratic chairman and a longtime ally of Governor Cuomo, said yesterday that there should be an independent audit of the Queens Democratic organization.
His plan was good, but his execution was slightly faulty.
''We determined that the magnitude of the expansion was unneccesary and, therefore, in a series of working meetings came to an agreement with the turnpike to scale down the expansion somewhat,'' Mrs. Gluck said.
In addition, the British Government has indicated it might lift interest rates to bolster the pound.
For the last three years the club's free Friday recitals have been given in downtown Washington at the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church, 1313 New York Avenue.
An ugly undercurrent of kinky titillation also runs through the dialogue, much of which is shouted in a tone of unmodulated hysteria.
The complaint also charges that Dainippon's threat to buy a substantial amount of Sun's stock is ''merely a tactic to force Sun to sell its graphic arts materials group to Dainippon at less than its true value.''
The small-town women whose lives control many of the stories are brilliantly particularized and do not saunter with a mere change of name from tale to tale.
Janet L. Norwood, Commissioner of Labor Statistics, said that while it was too early to discern a trend, it appeared that Hispanic women might be becoming more active in the labor force.
''Under President Carter, we had an immigration status and work permits.
Conversely, he is not overly impressed with the flamboyant dives in this World Cup because ''I was taught to do it myself.''
The American Medical Association rejected this view, saying: ''Employment decisions about AIDS victims, like decisions about anyone handicapped by a communicable disease, should be based on reasonable medical judgments about their handicap and their risk to others, and not, as the Justice Department opinion would allow, on irrational fear of the handicapped individual's ability to communicate the disease.''
Reports of Rightist Agitators American diplomats say they worry that the Government has lost the confidence of the mass of people in this impoverished country and is under mounting attack from business and political groups that enjoyed special benefits during the three decades that the Duvalier family ruled.
It the second half, the Hoyas shot 63 percent and Syracuse shot 43 percent.
The fund's strategy, according to Richard Strong, one of its Milwaukee-based managers, is to hold a mix of ''seasoned, asset-oriented companies'' -such as Celanese, the big petrochemical and plastics concern - and ''small growth companies'' -including such high-fliers as Home Shopping Network.
Hombolo is a remote village where six sisters of Mother Teresa's order run a small clinic.
A sensible compromise on the antiballistic missile treaty seems visible here.
''It's so fast, so enormous.
Now, when I'm running, I don't want anybody doing to me what I do to them.
Military and civilian contracting officials were investigating the incident, officials said.
Not affected, however, is Applied Drilling Technology Inc., a subsidiary with little debt.
Auerbach won 384 games in his first 10 seasons at a time when the National Basketball Association schedule varied from 60 to 80 games.
Meanwhile, profits were also up at the Continental Illinois Corporation and Marine Midland Banks Inc.
The Israelis said they were looking for a senior ''Palestinian terrorist'' supposed to have been on board the plane, which was searched and released.
Ordinary because Musburger and Packer said some good things, some foolish things and left unsaid some things that required saying.
But it also features some comic creations that are perfect of their kind -a seedy old toper called Mr. Jack, for example; and at the center of the action the sardonic, harsh-tongued Henchman is a truly memorable grotesque.
All airline traffic into Newark is under controller supervision.
a tangible present'' - that is just - I think he fails to notice a change.
The House gave the Navy plan a richly deserved setback.
As John Kenneth Galbraith points out, what he calls the ''nuclear theologians'' now have a monopoly of information that permits them to exclude practically everybody else from weighing in on nuclear arms issues, though not from exposure to the nuclear threat.
On top of that, Mr. Graham says his recollection is that he voted against the resolution, which mainly favored higher taxes and lower military spending to curb Federal deficits.
In recent years, until his arrest on drug charges last month, he had lived quietly alone in Long Beach.
What most certainly separates the people on ''Dynasty'' from those on, say, ''Days of Our Lives'' is language.
''We prefer development near public transportation in areas that are already developed, even though gentrification has been a controversial byproduct.''
I didn't want to sound stupid like asking them, 'Where do I go?
During President Reagan's visit to the cemetery in Bitburg, West Germany, for example, a vigil was held at the site.
If sentimental, the story line is strong.
Charles A. Bradford, an industry analyst at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, believes that ultimately under Mr. Roderick, if he retains control of the company, only two steel plants -at Gary, Ind., and Fairfield, Ala., -will be kept in operation of the eight or so major USX steel facilities.
''I thought for sure he was going to the Steelers,'' said Richard Bennett, Byars's attorney.
The associate, a former Canadian Member of Parliament, has denied any knowledge of the secret arms deals.
Most of the collection of about 200 figures, chariot sides, mirrored crestings and cherubs are stored in the workshop that the Dingers built in a wing on their house.
Asked what he meant by being careful, he answered, ''Talking to many people and then hopefully choosing a judicious course and putting it into effect covertly.''
To see it come so far, so fast, it's almost like it's still a dream.''
The contract was made with an overtrick, and Martel's team won the board.
Chesebrough-Pond's Inc., which received a $2.8 billion acquisition offer from American Brands Inc. earlier this week, has been approached by other potential suitors, according to Wall Street sources.
Visitors booking their trips through travel agencies in the United States can order their tickets at that time.
This makes the bits excellent for drilling deep holes or through thick pieces of wood.
At the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for current delivery declined $1.50 a troy ounce, to $348.20.
Although sales were steady for the ensuing years, she said, it was not until the early 80's when designer Karl Lagerfeld took over the line, that it became known again as a fresh fashion influence.
It's very easy to just hand them $20 and say have a good night, have a good weekend.
The secret also involves commitment.
''It is anti-apartheid and anti-injustice.
Wandering around Nairobi, one can find many unexpected places where its character comes to life.
Under the Dingell plan, the F.C.C.
Piniella hoped that Shirley would give him at least five innings, but Piniella acknowledged that he often has nothing to work with but a platoon of relief pitchers.
Some experts say that the unemployment rate ignores the so-called ''underground'' economy, which they say provides income for hundreds of thousands of persons counted as unemployed, and that it ignores the cushions often provided for the unemployed, including unemployment benefits that can surpass the minimum wage.
But the contempt judgments against the union established not just a minority membership goal but also a strict racial quota that the union was required to attain.
The antislug program is expected to cost $5.75 million - a sum officials expect to recoup in two years through reduced use of slugs.
Our goal was to encourage anybody in the fine arts to apply.''
Since there were more yellow cards in Mexico, one would think the referees were more efficient in this World Cup, but complaints about the officiating - from players and coaches - were also up.
As a result, many officials suspect that the new treaty will be drafted in vague terms, with the burden of deciding whether a nuclear accident could affect other countries resting on the government concerned.
''Why do other nationalities have no problem naturalizing?''
#60 Cent Fare Seattle Center manages the monorail, in part because the line is of such importance to the Center.
To obtain these tickets, call (212) 213-5410 and ask for the patron hot line.
For example, its salads are attracting more women, and its biscuits are luring more Southerners.
During the Sixties, I marched for peace, so to me, it's like doing it again.''
What do you feed an American toddler in Thailand?
As a unified evening of musical theater, ''Oberon'' is pretty much of a mess - a melange of inspiration and formula, majesty and murky comedy that only really comes to life in the second half.
Offers of $300 to $1,000 a Week Angel and his friends from the Incarnation School said they felt protected by the priests and nuns, by their mothers and fathers.
''I was wore out,'' he said.
Some year at Saratoga I'll tell the owners that I'll be leaving in November, that they should start lining up somebody else to train their horses.
''There are four Victorian periods represented by Jelliff's furniture,'' Mr. Dietz said.
The low for the year was $16.50.
It's like a game of blackjack.
Smith placed people and events in perspective.
But Miss Ringwald's pouty naturalness remains her biggest asset, and her performance is once again appealing.
At the other, the 180-room Coast Georgian Court Hotel, each room has three phones, and there is a lounge that is restricted to guests.
''We would hope there would be no N.H.L.
Focus on Pluralism at Brown The committee on minority life at Brown that reported this week was appointed in response to a demonstration a year ago by black students who occupied a library.
One of Mr. Clarfeld's clients, a young investment banker, received a bonus check for $1.5 million.
Complaint Filed in 1973 Edward A. Brennan, chairman and chief executive officer of Sears, said the decision ''makes it clear that the E.E.O.C.
''They're helping to elevate the entire industry,'' said Allan Dalton, a Murphy vice president.
His father is retired and was professor of physical education at Michigan State University and coach of the varsity ice hockey team that won the National Collegiate Athletic Association championship in 1966.
Our statutes prohibit the export of oil from the North Slope in Alaska.
He called it a season two weeks ago after aggravating a groin injury.
Risebrough scored his first goal at 8:51.
She said parents should discuss homesickness with the child before camp and ''not sweep the subject under the rug.''
Mr. Nir met with Mr. Khashoggi in London.
He will remain a member of the board, the company said.
The days are hectic, with tour boats dropping off visitors every half-hour.
Gold rose to $407.50 a troy ounce in London, up from $392 late Tuesday.
Peggy Cornell Benline was about to go into the hospital for an operation.
Many of them, in fact, offer a closer look at themes already touched on in that book.
While expressing ''distaste for the deliberate misleading'' of the lawyer by the police, she said this did not cast doubt on the voluntary nature of the suspect's confession or otherwise violate the Constitution.
Yet it might have seemed even more pleasant if it had not been on the same program as ''Array.''
He has conducted aerial surveys of musk oxen, caribou and other wildlife, among other missions, for the territorial Government.
He always takes me to my favorite restaurant as well as a play, which is my favorite thing to do.
''Frankly,'' said Masashi Nishihara, a military analyst at Japan's Defense Academy in Yokosuka, ''we feel the Soviet threat has been created more for peacetime than for war.''
The freedom to watch a program uninterrupted seems to be a primary reason for having one's own set.
There, they will climb onto one of several 20-foot-long platforms being attached to narrow catwalks already in place.
Along the way, they picked up three extra selections and one in next year's draft.
For this, see the ''Henry James,'' done shortly before the great novelist died, and the much earlier ''Robert Louis Stevenson,'' in which Stevenson seems to have been caught in the very act of walking out of the canvas.
In Miami, in extreme northeastern Oklahoma, city officials said about 500 families had been forced out of their homes yesterday by the rising Neosho River.
What began earlier this year as an investigation into whether members of the Georgia State Patrol fixed traffic tickets has mushroomed into a bitter political controversy here, setting some of the state's top officials against one another and the city's newspapers.
The people who did not vote are a bit more likely to be young, single - and uninterested in voting.
At 6 feet 3 inches and 215 pounds, he's got the body of a linebacker.
Remembering when he was a growing boy, William Perry has talked of having ''four chickens, no problem, and some ribs'' for dinner.
* Gordon Fenton has been appointed executive vice president of Ted Bates Advertising/New York.
The booking procedure is completed in March, and those who get rooms are notified by letter.
''Ten months ago no one in New York heard of crack,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''There are two very different conversations going on in America today,'' he said.
She was awarded the Prix Goncourt - the first woman so honored - for these three stories of the Resistance, all of which were originally published illegally by underground presses.
It was the only place she had ever really worked.
''We're all striving to help Duke Ellington's music continue forever.
The commission said Mr. Marcos had interfered in the conduct of the trial, orchestrating the acquittal of the defendants, including his trusted aide and Chief of Staff, Gen. Fabian C. Ver.
Most proponents of the change find it politically inadvisable to press the idealistic argument that it might help to heal the rift in Ireland.
Another swimming spot, the Langholmen cliffs, with a fine view over the neo-medieval City Hall, can be reached by taking a subway to Hornstull and bus 54 to Hogalidsgatan.
If a recipe calls for two eggs, one yolk can be eliminated to reduce cholesterol.
His rule: Water once or twice a week for long periods to apply one inch of water.
With one-quarter of the Democratic vote in the Bronx, Co-op City has become the prize in a battle between one Democratic faction led by Assemblyman Eliot L. Engel and another led by Charles and Sandra Parness, allies of Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader, who has been indicted in the municipal corruption scandal.
What if she returns to say that he, or she, has just stepped out.
Mr. Peterson vowed to push forward legislation barring doctors from charging fees higher than those set by the province's public insurance system.
Only 2 percent of all I.R.A.
It remains to be seen how forcefully the Administration will press its objections to specific provisions such as the Schumer amendment relating to agricultural workers.
They described the changes in job titles as a reflection of those differing interests, which should not affect the daily operation of Lotus.
He wrote the book and the teleplay at the same time.
December's rise of 320,000 in employed Americans compared with an increase of just 180,000 in November.
Drink it in restaurants and bars and bring a few bottles home.
After a year at the Zairian Embassy in Brussels, Mr. Nguza was assigned as his country's No.
#1958 Statement Is Cited In his speech, Mr. Meese singled out for particular criticism the Supreme Court's statement in a 1958 decision, Cooper v. Aaron, that its historic 1954 ruling that the Constitution barred official segregation of schools was ''the supreme law of the land.''
The new fighting took place Saturday night at two hostels at the Vaal Reefs Gold Mine despite tightened security after clashes Friday night left 10 dead and 51 hurt.
There aren't that many Americans left, and I guess I've got a fairly good image.
* Temporary workers from Canada and Mexico could be treated differently from those of other countries.
It cannot be validated by a close reading of the constitutional text alone (see Federalist 78).
On July 3, 1886, the inventor Ottmar Mergenthaler set a few paragraphs for The Tribune using a revolutionary machine that cast an entire line of type at a time, molded from a row of brass matrices.
Appeal Is Likely ''He is in shock,'' said Bill Ludwig, Niemczak's brother-in-law, who acted as the runner's interpreter.
He delivers those words with fierce emotion, savoring their anger or sarcasm, stretching syllables and shifting phrases to make them new.
Besides Mr. Volcker's denial of any intent to suggest on Wednesday that monetary policy has become more restrictive, fears of any shift to a tighter policy were allayed by Fed data showing that there was no significant reduction in the availablity of reserves in the banking system.
The first was already a part of recent legend in France.
The sharp decline in interest rates experienced during 1986 will likely end, and inflation may accelerate from its current low level.
''The act is far better than most states have,'' Ms. Loving said, referring to the existing legislation.
The offense carries a penalty of up to three years in jail.
Again, their success was minimal: the security elements of the Final Act occupy only five pages in a 58-page document devoted mainly to human rights and contacts, economic relations and other issues.
Local taverns and restaurants are an important part of the ecology of the 19th-century neighborhood.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Meets at 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL Meets at 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Committee on Nongovernmental Organizations - 10 A.M.
Soviet hydroelectric installations and related structures are normally inspected every five years.
William Blinn (''Roots'') and Jerry Thorpe (''I Love Lucy'') are the executive producers.
''A lot of these businesses grow, but grow to a certain point,'' Professor O'Shaughnessy said.
''He kept stumbling closer and closer and then he stepped right off and fell face first onto the track.''
Mr. Scallen, a restless entrepreneur, has also run Holiday on Ice and the Clyde Beatty-Cole Brothers Circus, and produced shows at Radio City Music Hall.
It charged that Union Carbide had supplied flawed technology to its Indian subsidiary, that it had failed to maintain high safety standards at the Bhopal plant and to share information about the toxicity of the chemicals at the factory with the Government.
If we don't sign some free agents, we'll be worse next year than we are now.
''I can win, and I will win.''
Effects of Deregulation Cited Some critics have argued that deregulation of the airline industry in the early 1980's has added to the safety problem by leading to a proliferation of new airlines, many of which, along with older lines, have concentrated their flights at a few hub airports, including Los Angeles.
Up there on their own, they came closer to catching the ''lonely impulse of delight'' that drove Yeats's Irish airman ''to this tumult in the clouds.''
Rapid Money Supply Growth ''The market is waking up to the fact that money supply is growing very rapidly, and does not seem about to stop,'' said Donald J.
After learning enough English to grasp what was going on in that verse, I found it mysterious that mothers should be so fond of crooning it to helpless infants.
Group Favors Test Ban The scientists, the first from the West allowed here, are affiliated with the Natural Resources Defense Council, which is seeking to show that a ban on underground nuclear tests can be policed.
Markets A ''substantial increase'' in the S.E.C.
They hailed her as the mediator who led the jury to its eventual compromise - in which the three pro-N.F.L.
Hailing from Texas, he later led his own band in Harlem and became more visible in the 1950's and 60's, with the re-emergence of mainstream jazz.
''I'm going to fight him.''
Few horseplayers want to tie up their money that way.
Sales by manufacturers fell 1.4 percent, while retailers posted a seven-tenths of 1 percent advance.
Its full name is said to be the Arab May 15 Organization for the Liberation of Palestine; it is an offshoot of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, which is led by Dr. George Habash.
A native of Trenton, Ky., Mr. Camp played quarterback at Transylvania University in Lexington.
Recent United States Administrations, including that of President Reagan, have also called for a resolution of the Palestinian question.
He said Captain Reimann initially protested the order, saying the ship was in international waters.
''One must show initiative,'' Mr. Rabin said in a speech in northern Israel.
Not all these changes have been for the better.
Page, a former Apple engineer and now a Next employee.
However, the city said it was ready to receive them.
'Education in Sound' It would be difficult to accuse Mr. Sachs and Miss Seltzer of narrow programming.
The excitement is switched off on landing.
'' Mr. Mendelsohn, who is now in private practice in Washington, said the trial appeared credible and humane, as the Yugoslavs believe it will would help them gain extradition of other residents of the United States, Canada and Australia whom they are seeking to prosecute as war criminals.
Today, conferees from the House and Senate Armed Services Committees worked to reach a compromise on identical arms control provisions approved by the House in the separate military programs bill.
built in 1971 in Scotland as a top-sail schooner, went under Omani colors in 1977 and received its current name, which means ''Youth of Oman.''
The chief said police officials believed that the apartment had been rented for Mr. Campbell ''by another person'' and that the suspect had been there about two weeks, ''but not steady.''
But they both raise revenue in the first year, then lose revenue, then gain revenue, averaging out to no increase over five years.
''We will not do nothing while our passengers, crew members, and aircraft are threatened,'' Captain Smith said.
For reservations, call the museum at (201) 596-6644.
Paata Burchuladze, the bass, has been a member of the Georgian Opera in the Soviet Union since 1976 and has sung frequently at Moscow's Bolshoi Theater.
On the other hand, contractors at Kennedy were not stocking enough spares and had failed to order $55 million in requested equipment, a 1985 audit found.
But she was proffering the softball instead.
Markets Interest rates rose slightly in the credit markets as securities dealers digested a large auction of new 10-year Treasury notes.
On Thursday, security agents found a bomb in the bag of a woman about to board an El Al Boeing 747 for Tel Aviv at Heathrow Airport.
We have a duty to upgrade the educational level of all our students.
Marsha won her final in 56.81 seconds, close to her best of 56.7.
* Fewer, but bigger, new projects.
Now more than 1,000 people are believed imprisoned.
The camera seems to have been led on a tour.
It was said that the best time to hear Mr. Tatum was after hours in the back room of a bar.
The recent amendments to Section 236 (''Rebalancing the Divorce Scale'' editorial, Aug. 23) and ''Score 2 for Fairness'' Op-Ed, Aug. 13) are less a reflection of the testimony heard than of the changes that leaders of the matrimonial bar do and do not want.
And applying the revenues to transit will improve transit, drawing still more drivers to it, thus reducing traffic congestion.
Mr. Falcon called the remarks ''at the very least paternalistic and at worst racist.''
That is hardly the thinking of Ross Sandler, New York City Transportation Commissioner, who was quoted in The New York Times last Friday as saying that he planned to order traffic enforcement against two similar companies already in operation here.
While neither film was a box-office smash, both ultimately proved very profitable.
Falling oil prices, which have forced Libya to reduce spending on imports and major development projects, and previously announced restrictions have left the United States with little economic leverage over the Government of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
Joseph P. Kennedy 2d's wide margin of victory in a Massachusetts Congressional primary makes him the strong favorite to win the seat once held by his uncle John F. Kennedy.
Experts who counsel survivors consider the notes a critically important form of human contact, letting survivors know that those who cannot feel their sorrow do share it.
The housewife who buys two pounds of hot tortillas a few minutes before serving the midday meal is getting a hefty subsidy, no matter what her family's economic situation may be.
That was a blow to the company, and more trouble came the next year, when the International Business Machines Corporation charged patent infringement on a copyright, forcing a costly suspension of shipments.
For decades, he said, many scientists accepted assertions of cannibalism without careful scrutiny, producing a backlash of skepticism.
Pilson also cited an economic analysis that considered the impact of CBS televising both leagues: The study showed in June 1984, he said, that not enough money could be generated to satifsy U.S.F.L.
Ms. Hughes founded the Washington Post Recall Committee, and urged her listeners to dump copies of successive issues of the magazine on the newspaper building's front steps until The Post stopped publishing it.
The American Medical Association has asked a Federal judge to declare unconstitutional provisions of a new Medicare law that it contends would limit the right of individuals to select their own physicians.
The Merkur, a car Ford is importing from West Germany, was widely praised by the buffs when it was introduced in 1985, but sales fell far short of expectations.
asked Richard P. Turco, one of the authors.
Though she suffered a dislocated jaw, Miss Marton was able to finish the performance and even joke about it later.
I had saved enough money to buy Volume II - Asthma to Bullfinch - but I was strongly tempted to invest in a hockey stick instead.
In the six-way Democratic race for Governor, Mr. Walters held a steady lead with 105,753 votes, or 45 percent, over Mr. Turpen, who had 94,501 votes, or 41 percent.
* Buy season tickets to a concert, dance or theater series or your favorite team's home games.
But if you are relying on that litigation as a basis for simply ignoring your contractual commitments.
The fact that McGuigan, the former World Boxing Association featherweight champion, brought a lawyer with him to his meeting with Arum may have marked a low point in his relationship with Eastwood, who has managed him since the fighter turned pro in 1981.
Lebanon's state television station broadcast a videotaped appeal today for the release of American hostages that was made by their families and former United States captives.
The state police bomb squad was called today after a woman raking leaves in her yard discovered a World War II hand grenade on the ground.
Yet somehow these evenings make you feel less hopeless.
And yet that hope of reason .
The surgery was concluded late tonight after eight hours, Miss Trasoff said.
Pressured by election-year politics on the one hand and an urgent desire to adjourn on the other, the House and Senate remained deadlocked tonight on legislation to combat drug trafficking and narcotics abuse.
Mr. Fisher, he added, lives modestly in Manhattan on a pension from his job as a warehouseman.
c-Net income after net from discontinued operations of $2,580,000 for the quarter and $2,998,000 for the year.
Martina Arroyo opened the program onstage by singing the French and American anthems, the ''Marseillaise'' and ''The Star-Spangled Banner.''
To clarify such points, First Interstate is understood to be preparing supplementary details that would explain that, during the first five years, preferred stockholders would get half of all ''synergies and earnings'' of the merged company over the amount that First Interstate would have earned on its own.
His ''Color Purple'' is a ''see.''
''NBC said, 'Take 10 million signatures to the White House and we'll be there,' '' he said.
Concerned with protecting his goalie, John Vanbiesbrouck, MacLellan thrust his stick in the path of the defenseman Greg Smith's shot at the Ranger blue line, and effectively blocked it.
St. Jean Baptiste Church (Roman Catholic), 184 East 76th Street.
The first includes animal portraits by Bartolomeo Bimbi, Andrea Scacciati and Pietro Neri Scacciati, all commissioned by the Medicis in the 17th and 18th centuries and once part of the family collection at the Villa dell'Ambrogiana.
(A few have outdoor plumbing.)
The proceeds remain in Executive Life's portfolio until the loans are actually made, an event that some say may never take place.
Received approval from the American and National League owners for the sale of the team to Richard and David Jacobs.
''Frontline'' is presenting a fascinating hour.
An industrialist has been kidnapped, and the actor is supervising the rescue operation.
A photographer should choose a processing lab only after being satisfied that its work is professional.
But Johnson sounds surprised when the subject is mentioned now.
Faster Speeds and Deeper Dives The Los Angeles class of submarines can cruise at more than 30 knots; the Seawolf would cruise at well over 40 knots with a bigger but quieter nuclear-powered engine.
That's not advantageous to them - which is exactly the point.
At times, fans in the pro-Trevino crowds cheered a poor shot by Norman.
Carol Teten and her California-based Dance Through Time company, which performs on Thursday at Lincoln Center's Fountain Plaza, operate on the premise that social dancing is an art form.
'Do and Die' Situation ''I'm going to do and die for the U.S.F.L.
Mayor's Second Change The appointment will be the second the Mayor has made recently to the board.
He told Mr. Hussein that the Mujahedeen would ''work to achieve peace between the two neighborly countries to establish relations based on the principles of good neighborliness, common respect and noninterference in each others' internal affairs,'' the agency said.
''It's better not to have it hanging over my head.''
Large segments of the public are enraged at the prospect of the killer ''walking.''
In the voting on the article on which Judge Claiborne was acquitted, 46 senators voted guilty, 17 voted not guilty and 35 voted simply 'present.
Admission is $3, $1.50 for students and the elderly, free to children under 13 and free to all on Thursdays and from 11 A.M. to 1 P.M. Saturdays.
It is an understandable request, since the earlier book was exceptionally well received.
(Television - SportsChannel, midnight tape.
Last year, marauding coyotes killed 28 lambs at one Litchfield County sheep farm.
However, industry sources said the increased sales in many sectors represented a higher proportion of imports than in earlier years.
3.Trim off and discard the end of the endive.
Conner went back to the United States for most of the time between trial races, but has been sailing each day since he returned last Tuesday.
by those whose fiduciary honor must be thought beyond question.
But they can also be seen as a triumph for smokers.
Recommended are lamb chops, veal, red snapper, Norwegian salmon and sea bass, and the miniature vegetables that accompany entrees are cooked to perfection, from asparagus and haricots verts to snow peas and turnips the size of walnuts.
During the campaign, Mr. Marcos cited divisions in the military between supporters of General Ver and General Ramos as a reason to delay any major personnel move.
The dance segment will be opened by the Mummenschanz mime company.
Mr. Bosworth, like officials in Washington, has repeatedly stated the position that it will be up to the Filipino people themselves to select their President.
post is a grueling one.
The three screens in this section were prepared using the Standard & Poor Corporation's Stockpak II System, a program designed for individual investors using either Apple of I.B.M.
The company stopped working on the compound because it found better drugs to stop the effect of Valium.
But in other cases only one category of paint or finish looks right or stands up the way it should.
The future bride is a great-great-great-granddaughter of John A. Roebling, who designed the Brooklyn Bridge.
It is the state government.
As in the Off Broadway production, the television version, on Channel 13 tonight at 11 o'clock, opens with John Houseman, its director and original co-producer, telling the story of how the opera was produced in spite of attempts by Congress and Actors Equity to shut it down.
That explanation was good enough for the United States Embassy in Guatemala and the Reagan State De-partment.
Felix G. Rohatyn, Austria, banker.
Judged by the first episode, the series is an interesting examination of an endlessly fascinating topic: politics on television, a great American game.
Mrs. Smith said she regretted ''the tendency for all this to cast a shadow over the many other fine and wonderful people in the space program.''
Roger McDowell finished up for the Mets with two perfect innings of relief.
In typical Texan grand fashion, the celebration will last thoughout the year and promises to send a wave of Texas-mania across the nation.
Yet Holieway, who is only 5 feet 10 inches tall, manned the wishbone with precarious precision and in only eight games as a starter accounted for 1,378 yards - 861 rushing, 517 passing.
He was removed from the game by stretcher and taken to a hospital to be examined.
''New Jersey,'' he sniffed after a peek at the license plate.
a song Mr. Sinatra originally performed in a 1945 short movie.
The soprano Silvia McNair will be guest soloist in cantatas by Handel and Bach.
Critics From Board Mr. Vallone's proposal drew sharp criticism from Board of Estimate members at the hearing.
There can never be too much wealth, assuming it is earned, not stolen.
It had television's highest-rated prime-time series, ''The Cosby Show,'' and the highest-rated new series, ''The Golden Girls.''
New Jersey's only senior judge, Mitchell H. Cohen, 81, has decided not to work.
One state - or in the case of states with smaller populations, paired states - from each of six divisions of contiguous states would be selected by lot to hold Presidential nominating contests on one of the six specified dates.
Some high-ranking officials want to be rid of him as soon as possible, arguing privately that holding him in extended captivity would be pointless and perhaps provocative.
Mr. Nagy also received offers of company directorships.
He doesn't want to live like the monkeys.
The Haitians also believe that some of those who have seen a stylized, tiny corner of their country will return for a look at the real thing.
Return lobster pieces to pan and stir in sauce to coat each piece.
The new case involves a rule used to determine whether people are so severely disabled that they cannot work and therefore qualify for benefits.
Mattingly grounded into a double play but contended that he would have gotten a hit if Buckner had been holding Randolph close to the bag.
This crisis of faith has me thinking in turn about my teachers, hoping two decades after I was last officially a student to learn from them once again.
''Our contributions have been only for nonlethal supplies - medical equipment and the like,'' he said.
Mize, who had a five-shot, last-round lead here a year ago and closed with a 39 on the back nine to lose by a shot, picked up three strokes today for a 67-71-70-208 to lead Mike Reid by a stroke in the race for the $90,000 first prize.
So I sought out Irving Howe's essay, ''Black Boys and Native Sons,'' from which the ''changed the world'' quote had come.
Mr. Barenboim has trouble deciding which of his musical jobs is more musically effective.
Mr. Green was born in Brooklyn, raised on Long Island and has lived in Manhattan since 1980.
WHEN President Ferdinand E. Marcos declared martial law in 1972, one justification he cited was the three-year-old Communist insurgency, which was then estimated to involve 500 men.
He said he expected to be able to hit Friday.
''I did the stuffing already,'' I moan.
The U.S. still needs to improve the effectiveness of our conventional forces, in part to help prevent the use of nuclear weapons and to combat terrorism.
Magnet makes clear, set in a firm intellectual context.
He made the comments on the WNBC-TV program ''News Forum.''
Runoff from Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin has raised the level of Lake Michigan to a record 581.48 feet above sea level, according to the Illinois Transportation Department.
Support groups have also been formed for children of divorced and deceased parents, as well as for those with learning disabilities.
The legislation followed a public outpouring of concern that grew this summer in the aftermath of the deaths of two star athletes.
Mr. Dole, a supporter of the law, said: ''I don't believe this gets anybody off the hook.
At the moment, a high percentage of the overseas contracts for the institutes involve consulting rather than technology development.
Mr. Felser described the ''Shadow Economy'' as a larger tax problem than ''underground'' street peddlers.
''We would like to know if our hypothesis is true that Carnival is a specific time when the disease enters Brazil,'' said Dr. William Weissmann, author of the questionnaire.
E. F. Hutton, which is rumored to be negotiating to be sold to American Express, fell 1 3/4, to 50 1/4.
The planned changes include the sale of its aerospace and strategic materials group, acquired only last fall.
The circumstances are being investigated by the District Attorney, John J. Santucci.
The Federal complaint contends that the money was paid so that Systematic could continue doing business with the Parking Violations Bureau, and that parts of the conversation between Mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Sandow were taped by a ''confidential informant.''
We don't need to hear as much as we do from old books and academics.
And it's not over yet.
Mr. Norburn asserted that defective components had been shipped to Boeing, McDonnell Douglas, General Electric, Gould and Sikorsky.
For 30 years, this group has been in a class by itself, and today one can hear Menahem Pressler, Isidore Cohen and Bernard Greenhouse in trios of Haydn, Faure and Brahms.
Yet in the rush to respond to the very real farm crisis, the problems confronting farm workers have been ignored.
They said that there wasn't a magic formula to be snitched in order to benefit from what seems to them the magical rise of Western prosperity and knowledge.
McCabe/Gordon had been the original legal counsel since the Hunt brothers - William Herbert, Nelson Bunker and Lamar - first filed the lawsuits in Dallas earlier this summer.
But according to Mrs. Lilliefelt, the mailing list of the American foundation alone has grown to 20,000.
''But by God when you see Jason sweating blood, you know what it is like.
Whether Cheryl was or was not sexually abused by her father is a question that is expected to be a major issue at her trial.
Wilson said, ''I feel like staying there.
Most Palestinians and Israelis agreed that while the initial reaction to the King's speech was one of dismay, some time would have to pass before the true sentiments emerged.
But she also recorded an impressive number of the great standard pop songs that emerged in the middle decades of this century.
There have been complaints that Columbus is a sports town without a professional franchise.
It would not cut tax rates until July 1, 1987, but would eliminate or limit many tax preferences starting Jan. 1, 1987.
There was one starlit, sing-along evening around a camp-fire, replete with illicit S'mores, and another evening spent tracking luna moths, underwing moths and fish flies against a spotlighted bedsheet.
Within a year, Davidson underwent spinal surgery, and within two years he decided to retire.
Currently, it rations credit by limiting the volume of new loans that banks can make each year.
I am glad to be alone again.
Her association will soon begin a system of accrediting communities according to the quality of their facilities, care and reserve fund.
Negotiating in U.S. Mrs. Aquino's spokesman, Rene Saguisag, has taken a leave from his duties and is now in the United States to try to ''negotiate, arbitrate or litigate'' some way out of the $600 million loan for the plant, most of which was borne by the United States Export-Import Bank.
Restaurants around town closing for vacation this summer include these: La Cote Basque, June 29 through July 27; La Caravelle, Aug. 1 through Sept. 8; Quilted Giraffe, July 4 through 27; Chanterelle, June 29 through Aug. 4; La Grenouille, July 27 through Sept. 9; La Reserve, June 29 through July 20; Lutece, Aug. 1 through Sept. 8; Nanni il Valletto, Sept. 1 through 14; Parioli Romanissimo, July 13 through Sept. 3; Le Cirque, July 4 through 29; Le Cygne, Aug. 1 through Sept. 3.
''The issue is what is at stake,'' he said.
Yet Granada, as Lorca knew, is not a city that surrenders its soul to the casual passerby.
Carlton allowed 5 runs on 10 hits in 6 innings to post consecutive victories for the first time since September 1984.
''The focal point system is set up by the Secretary of Defense and serves him,'' an Administration official said.
The rookie catcher was Mike Fitzgerald.
The other schools to be reorganized are Julia Richman in Manhattan, Eli Whitney and Prospect Heights in Brooklyn and Andrew Jackson in Queens.
If they were to choose the last alternative, the owners would certainly challenge a decision by which Roberts would remain on the case.
Very Hot or Very Cold Some say he hunts political foes and victories with the same enthusiasm he hunts his quary afield.
''The issues never end, the phone calls never end, the work never ends.
''I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream,'' goes the play's epigraph.
The Islanders bordered on it, and the Oilers have the ingredients, but a few years to go.''
Only movie buffs remember the name of ''The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance,'' but Kevin Mackey is now officially The Man Who Shot Down Bobby Knight.
That was an era and an age when spinach was considered to be or believed to be anathema to all children in America, and I myself was, naively, of that persuasion.
By the time it is finished, in two to two and a half years, he said, vacancies in other new hotels will have been absorbed.
But the official said that such an effort would be done mainly by military personnel already in Honduras and that ''no more than a handful of additional advisers would be needed.''
When I got there, I saw what they did was right.
''These words, 'mutual understanding,' seem so syrupy and so fussy.''
The improvement, which resulted entirely from a decline in imports, prompted the Administration to suggest that the nation's most worrisome economic problem might be easing.
Among the children 9 through 17 years old, 39 percent said they had been upset a lot by the disaster, and 40 percent said they had been upset a little.
Mrs. Grauerholz, indeed, had never before played in a Flight A event.
''He sees the kids have allowance work and they have to work part-time jobs,'' she said.
It is to create the perception of an alliance with apartheid.
Now he has the ultimate souvenir, the great white whale of trophies.
The treaty's authors never dreamed of a joint pursuit of terrorists.
I proposed, and you adopted, a budget balanced according to G.A.A.P.
A 1969 parliamentary resolution also commits the country to only peaceful uses of space.
The United States Attorney in Brooklyn and the Queens District Attorney announced yesterday that their offices would join forces in the investigation of the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission.
Once again, it's the old film that's beguiling.
On weekdays the staff will help determine the provenance and approximate date of such pieces but not their market value.
The year's big winners at the box office were ''Back to the Future,'' a comedy about a time-traveler who must persuade his mother to marry his father; ''Rambo: First Blood Part II,'' with Sylvester Stallone making sure America wins the Vietnam War; and Stallone again in ''Rocky IV.''
Mr. Yatani said he had asked his wife to phone his parents and his in-laws in Japan.
Metropolitan New York New Jersey Division III championship, at SUNY-Stony Brook, 5 P.M. Boxing Evander Holyfield vs. Chisanda Mutti, 10 rounds, cruiserweights, at Lancaster, Pa. Holyfield, bronze medalist in the Los Angeles Olympics, is 7-0 with 4 knockouts and making his debut as a professional in a 10-rounder.
Also, the city agreed to purchase the River Hotel for $3 million, he said, adding that it was originally offered to the city for $6.4 million.
Until he and all other sergeants in the department were shifted to road patrol duty in July to heighten police visibility, Sergeant Carroll had worked in a administrative post in the detective bureau, officials said.
But it was important to stop the club ruffs in the closed hand, and East could have prevailed after he won the club ace.
She's a surprise in a town that can use surprises.''
Fred Stewart and Steve Weinstein, Accord, N.Y., 1,151 1/2.
He must have been doing something right.
Judith McCabe, Space Kiddets's co-owner, bemoans the current trend for trendy children's clothes.
Calorie counters will appreciate among a handful of desserts the plate of fresh fruit and raspberry sorbet, with its sparkling array of fresh orange, pineapple, kiwi and cantaloupe slices.
They include intense cravings for cigarettes (a testimony to the strength of the addiction), nervousness and tension, tiredness, lack of concentration, loss of creativity, light-headedness, aggressiveness and irritability, which can take its toll not only on smokers who are quitting but on those with whom they live and work.
The point is that she was always accessible to dancers and choreographers.
In other areas, Sterling Drug fell 1, to 43 7/8, following the removal of the stock from Sanford C. Bernstein's recommended list, based on the possibility of problems the company may encounter in receivng Food and Drug Administration approval of a new heart drug, Milrinone.
Heroes of the war are frequently depicted in news reports as direct descendants of World War II heroes, and invocations of patriotism and national security have become common in official discussions of the war.
Behind Kodak's Rise The Eastman Kodak Company's stock, which has moved ahead in active trading in the last two weeks, changed hands last Thursday at 59 1/2, its highest price in three years.
France has already established a leading position in several fields of advanced telecommunications, including digital switching equipment and electronic telephone directories, with its Minitel system.
IT'S easy to understand why ''Men'' has been filling theaters in West Germany for the last eight months.
In their six-month battle for CNA - their largest acquisition up to that time - the Tisches faced a rival bidder, a Swiss insurer named the Accident and Casualty Company of Winterthur.
Virginia, which shot 40 percent in the second half after shooting 59 in the first, missed again and Jones scored.
Ms. Kratzert, who was tied with Laurie Peterson for the lead after 36 holes at nine under, and Ms. King both parred the final hole.
Mr. Casey said today that he believed The Post, The New York Times, The Washington Times, Time magazine and Newsweek magazine had violated the law by publishing classified material on the Libya action.
The Irish added a field goal on the final play of the first half to trail, 21-10, at halftime.
At a state dinner tonight for Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany, Mr. Reagan said, ''We feel that they were connected with intelligence operations - the K.G.B.
Meanwhile, day by day, in the slums and in the schools, growing numbers of young people are flocking to the Communist Party, attracted by its offer of a radical, unambiguous break with a regime that they see as holding out no hope for their future.
Because she had worked on camera as a journalism student, Miss Bykova evolved as a spokesman for the Soviet athletes following the decision, in May 1984, to skip the Summer Games.
In its daily war communique, the Iraqi Government made no mention this evening of any retaliatory air strikes by its air force, which has a substantial advantage in airworthy combat aircraft over Iran.
Every day, the street comes to life under the shadow and clatter of the elevated tracks of the No.
It includes old and new maquettes for outdoor sculptures, akari lamps and three new stone pieces, one of which, ''Slide Mantra,'' began as a two-inch tall sculptural concept in 1966 and turned into a 10-foot marble sculpture just before the show.
Moving Expenses Deductions for moving expenses incurred by people who relocate to change jobs would no longer be available to taxpayers who do not itemize their deductions.
DENNY LYNCH, vice president for communication at Wendy's International Inc., describes the competition among the fast-food chains for the breakfast crowd as ''street fighting.''
''We're interested in getting on with this case,'' he said.
Mr. Lindenauer, who is free on his own recognizance, was arrested on a charge of extorting $5,000 from Bernard Sandow, the president of Systematic Recovery Systems Inc., a company that collected overdue parking fines.
Special Satisfaction The most satisfying part, Manuel said, was that most of the receptions and one of the touchdowns came against Lester Hayes, the Raiders' left cornerback and the man Manuel had idolized through high school and his days at the University of the Pacific.
It would seem that Theo felt the same way, for in a matter of months he found the reality of life without Vincent unbearable, had to be committed to the private asylum run by the celebrated Dr. Blanche in Paris, and almost immediately died.
''We were sort of embarrassed to be related,'' said Joan Henry, a retired special-education teacher from Mooresville, Pa. ''It was like a cloud on us, the idea that Aaron Burr had disgraced the family generations earlier.''
His reference was to the debt-and-growth strategy outlined by Secretary Baker more than three months ago at an international financial meeting in Seoul, South Korea.
''When they get the diagnosis, it's like a death sentence,'' she said.
New York's Governor Cuomo acts as if there's something to celebrate in the court decision knocking Abraham Hirschfeld off the September primary ballot for Lieutenant Governor.
The President's Iran policy should be weighed by this whole standard.
This sentiment may be more easily proclaimed than enacted.
The city has begun a $7.5 million renovation of Frederick Graff's Fairmount Waterworks, which is a National Historic Landmark and a Civil and Mechanical Landmark near the Art Museum.
Soon my family would be too.
Several of their children live in the United States.
Mr. Dennis declined to explain in detail why only two public officials were indicted.
Only old Katharina senses what's happening, seeing in the ''animalism'' of the new society one of the consequences of what everyone else takes to be affluence.
Japan will accept foreign clinical test data in approving the sale of pharmaceuticals and will ease the transfer of manufacturing licenses within Japan under agreements announced today to widen access of American companies to the Japanese market.
On the stuccoed walls are framed prints, ivy, geranium plants, gongs and other items to enjoy as guests take breakfast, lunch or dinner.
''We're batting about .250 - not too bad,'' he said.
David L. Benetar, a labor-management lawyer, died Tuesday at his law office.
He did this effectively to identify with the Indian people, whom he was later to lead to independence.
They had already been out in force throughout Seoul; in the last few days sports teams from about 25 countries have been arriving for the quadrennial Asian Games, scheduled to open next Saturday.
The illness that compelled the astronaut, Comdr.
And even then, the first thing my mother said was, 'you didn't water the plants.'
Among a number of unusual works that he sold was just such a piece of furniture - a 1730's outsized drop-leaf dining table of padouk, an East Indian wood, measuring more than 10 feet long and 5 feet wide.
''It's not a bad place to come to work,'' Mr. Matt said with a ready smile.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The three American networks produced 18 mini-series last year.
With U.S. economic and intelligence assistance to Iraq, however, the arms transfers to Iran appear more like a policy to prolong the war and prevent victory by either side.
Editors and publishers need people like that around to remind them that the concept of a constitutionally free press is an unusual one and a delicate plant that has to be protected, not just from the enemies of the press but sometimes from ourselves.
Adul de Leon, a leader of the women's group Gabriela, said her organization was circulating a petition among Olongapo's prostitutes demanding that American sailors be issued AIDS clearance cards that could be inspected by prostitutes.
He said the paper was directed by ''agents of the United States Government acting with financing provided by the United States Government.''
Due to damage to individual oil lines, short circuits in electrical cables and intense thermal radiation from the reactor fire foci were formed in the turbine room above T.G.
The dark mysteries of the computer world might offer some difficulty to the public, it was posited.
Male secretaries, more likely than not, he said, tend to be young, single city-dwellers, and they are concentrated in a handful of fields such as publishing, public relations, law, government and the arts.
It is now docked in Newport, R.I., where ''it's being restored to its original beauty,'' Mr. Burnett said.
Mr. Jones, who had collapsed while taking a walk, was 79 years old.
He and Mr. Nocanda were detained by the police months ago, and held in solitary confinement under a law allowing detention of prosecution witnesses.
But the majority will be soldiers.''
The First Visitor It was a steamy, sticky day, with temperatures in the low 90's and high, thin clouds that sometimes hid a pale sun.
''My heart was in baseball, but I still wanted to win a letter,'' said Trapp.
'Necessary Personal Business' The teacher, Ronald Philbrook, a member of the Worldwide Church of God, had proposed that he be allowed to supplement the three days of paid religious leave to which he was entitled by a union contract, with three additional days under the contract provision for ''necessary personal business.''
''What was it like walking with the wagon train, constantly watching over the next hill for Indian raids and taking care of the animals?''
* The Attorney General placed Stephen S. Trott, the Associate Attorney General, in charge of the Justice Department's investigation of the Iran arms deal, and ordered tight restrictions on the information made available to the public.
The legislation calls for artists to share in the proceeds when a work is sold for more than $500 and for more than 140 percent of the price paid by the seller.
The East Side district ranked seventh nationwide in college-educated residents (58.2 percent) and had the fewest blue-collar workers (10.2 percent) but was also the most densely populated (73,772 people to a square mile.)
Jeff Jacoby, an assistant to Dr. Silber, said the university had asked the State Department to help deliver the admission letter.
Other senators, perhaps inspired by Mr. Heflin, said they remained regular guys, too.
''But I got it in my head that I should go to Babson and, when I get something in my head, it sticks.''
Like the very worst inner-city neighborhoods, the projects become magnets for the most violent and crime-prone youths, who have already been kicked out of school and alienated from society.
Recent investigations there, he said, have tended to push back the age of urban civilization in the area, to suggest that it was wider than previously believed, and to connect it, through certain tell-tale artifacts, with the better-known civilizations of Mesopotamia and the Indus Valley.
He was released after a hospital examination.
They learn what's around them.''
''We are guilty to the extent that 10 percent of our sales force was overly aggressive over the telephone,'' he said.
Open, free, through Dec. 6, from 11 A.M. to 7 P.M. Tuesdays through Saturdays, from 1 to 4 P.M. Sundays.
A Senate bill omits such a requirement, and the two versions are yet to be reconciled in conference.
H. Freeman Matthews, a former Deputy Under Secretary of State and a 38-year Foreign Service veteran who had been Ambassador to Sweden, to the Netherlands and to Austria, died Sunday at his home in Washington after a long illness.
Many of them have already gone through much of the approval procedure and could be licensed within weeks, he said.
Today the panel adopted an amendment offered by Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia, and Senator William S. Cohen, Republican of Maine, that diverted $487 million from research on the missile defense program into conventional weapons.
The environmental agency recommends that homeowners in areas where high levels of radon have been found test their homes for the gas and take steps to reduce the level if it exceeds the safety standard.
Mr. Brady said that an application was submitted, but was returned because it was incomplete.
It announced yesterday that factory orders in the United States fell three-tenths of 1 percent in June.
Spiced Figs in Port 3 cups dried figs, about 1 1/2 pounds.
Today, the center for southern kilims is Sarajevo in Bosnia, a predominantly Moslem area and the site of the 1984 Winter Olympics.
On Monday, America sent a justifiably different message.
Drive and I didn't see a car for a quarter-mile,'' said the director of the intelligence division of the city's Transportation Department, Michael Primeggia.
After all, the two cities have had a bond since 1688 when New Rochelle was settled by Huguenots fleeing religious persecution in their home city of La Rochelle.
Bill Cartwright is emerging as the team's essential player.
He is now angry and confused about being a father, she said.
It does indicate, however, how he rates his current interests.
And finally, I was lucky and grateful to have been on the field for every single Jets home game since the opening game at Shea Stadium in 1964.
If you neglected to bring chocolate or peanut butter, you will find the bags handy for wrapping up leftover food from the table for midnight snacks.
When you have exhausted the delights of the marquee, which may take hours, you make your way out into the commercial hustle and bustle.
Three members were chosen for the department of literature - the humor writer Art Buchwald, the critic-historian-translator Donald Keene and the playwright Sam Shepard.
Congressional officials say some of the recommended eliminations were simply unrealistic.
The latest victim was Santo Morello, 5 years old, who fell five stories from a tenement in the Clason Point section of the Bronx.
Her father, an executive partner in Mabon, Nugent & Company, an investment concern, was formerly a partner in Salomon Brothers.
Between the morning and afternoon workouts, Dorsey sat in the locker room.
He served 34 years in the House, 50 in elective politics and 10 as Speaker, the longest continuous tenure in the Speaker's post in the history of Congress.
When I ask Jan Boland what he thinks the effect will be on this part of the country, once restrictions on black mobility (''influx control'') have been lifted, he is dismissive: ''There is no tradition of blacks living in the Western Cape,'' he says.
A public hearing on the need for legislation will be held Oct. 16 in New York City by the judiciary committees of the New York State Senate and Assembly.
Williams is already the highest-paid Net with a salary of $1 million this season, so negotiations, when they begin, probably won't progress easily.
I don't want another Sneaker Crisis to sneak up on us.
In more than 20 years of operation, no school district has ever removed a child from Suffolk Center because of the inadequacies of our program or facilities.
I've learned a lot from them; it's been a great experience.''
''It seems Dr. Hyder is willing to give his life out of a deep commitment to life,'' said Mr. Markey, a sponsor of legislation for a nuclear freeze.
Opponents have their own self-interest at stake.
His father is an assistant regional manager for the Federal Food and Drug Administration in Brooklyn.
''I never had a quarterback before as capable of chucking that rock,'' said the excited Walker later.
But these are moments that barely disturb a flux that has the unmotivated but inevitable look of processes in the natural world.
I talked to my family and I finally told my agent if doing terrific work and making terrific money is giving up something, I'll take it.
* A Saudi commitment to operate the Awacs ''solely within the boundaries of Saudi Arabia,'' except with the prior, explicit approval of the United States, and a further pledge that the planes be used ''solely for defensive purposes as defined by the United States.''
With no other way to protect these works their removal might have to be borne.
represented by Charles Warner, no copies of the embarrassing Yakovlev-Wick ''memcon'' were distributed, but two points were raised that show how Mr. Wick had been tricked: 1.
And he wants to do it within the private sector, dismantling the cumbersome and corruption-prone state enterprises of President Ferdinand E. Marcos's Government.
Inflation, however, almost nonexistent in the spring, revived as well in the July-September period.
The Treasury views limited-service banks as providing greater competition to the industry and as its most effective lever to move Congress to give the industry new powers in the securities area.
''We always try to have an American in our Trade Promotions Office, someone who knows the local market, someone who has the contacts and expertise to assist British business people in finding out what exists here.''
In the first agreement reached between a former Bell System operating company and the Communications Workers of America since divestiture, the union today announced a pact with Pacific Telesis, parent company of Pacific Bell and Nevada Bell.
* Visa U.S.A., a member of Visa International, said A. Wayne Johnson would join the company as executive vice president and assistant to the president.
In Kentucky, a Louisville lawyer, Jackson M. Andrews, won the Republican nomination to oppose Senator Wendell H. Ford, and in Idaho, Connie Hansen lost her effort for the Republican nomination for the House seat lost by her husband, George, after his felony conviction.
It struck near the bottom of the fence.
I would love to buy a de Kooning, or something of that stature, but it's beyond my reach.
''He is prodigious in output and input,'' Mr. Bennett says.
American Ballet Theater will perform at the Metropolitan Opera House tonight at 8 and tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.
But the record-high agricultural bill, the President's determination to keep the military budget rising, the exclusion of Social Security from cuts (''It's playing games,'' Mr. Reagan said, ''to pretend that Social Security is part of a budget and can affect the deficit'') - all this has increased concerns that nothing much will be done to stanch Government borrowing.
Check-In Times.Every airline suggests early arrival, usually between 30 minutes and an hour before departure, expecially if you plan to check baggage.
The presentation, hailed by the Health Commissioner, Dr. Stephen C. Joseph, as a ''four-star film,'' has been purchased from the producer by youth agencies and school districts in 26 states.
* Phillips Petroleum, too, has seen its stock price rise to pre-attack levels.
There are also carved figureheads, tools of the shipbuilding trade and photographs documenting the yard's 200-ship association with the Navy.
On Appropriation of Properties Mr. Manglapus added his voice to a rising chorus of demands here for appropriation of properties in the United States owned by Mr. Marcos and Gen. Fabian C. Ver, Mr. Marcos's Chief of Staff.
A limited number of discount tickets, for students and the aged, will be sold the evening of the performance.
To the Editor: Every American, including active-duty lieutenant colonels and admirals and retired major generals should treasure the right to refuse to give testimony that might be self-incriminating.
The small July advance was in line with expectations of many analysts, who had been looking for a sluggish report because auto sales were weak for the month.
Steve Kemp, a pinch-hitter, walked with one out in the eighth after Smith had replaced the Cubs' starter, Matt Keough.
But the market then drove the dollar so high that it began taking a toll on American industry.
On some counts, the private museum is a very useful creature.
She faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Only quick action by the House can preserve a chance of getting a bill through the Senate, where the climate is even more hostile.
Analysts said the continued weak sales and small increase in inventories likely will be a drag on economic activity in coming months as businesses cut back on production in an effort to reduce the inventory backlog.
Dr. Rosecan is the director of the Cocaine Abuse Treatment program at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.
Several of them, like Mr. Bisberg and Fred Ketchum, another soloist, went to Surry to study Zen Buddhism with Mr. Nowick, who spent 16 years in Japan studying to be a Zen master.
Designed for cyclists of all ages and abilities and averaging about 30 miles a day, these journeys will circle the entire island of Hawaii.
was, for the most part, arty twaddle: the players donned masks, held their breath, amplified their heartbeats, shouted and threw vegetables on the floor.
In past cases the mandates lasted for a few days before the mediator reported back with a proposed solution, but only twice has this led to a prompt resolution.
Against expenses of $1.6 million, the football team earned about $3 million, according to Michael Jones, the athletic business manager at Kansas State.
The Bankers Trust Company had agreed to provide a ''significant portion'' of the required bank financing and to act as agent for arranging additional bank loans.
Coach Joe Walton's already battered and bruised secondary must face Jim Kelly, the Bill's pass happy quarterback, next Sunday.
Lynn Elizabeth Boffa, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Boffa of Los Angeles and Michael A. Sullivan, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jay A. Sullivan of Hingham, Mass., were married yesterday at the Pomona, N.Y., home of the bride's grandmother, Hilda Striker.
Miniature roses are subject to black spot and mildew for which they can be sprayed every week to 10 days.
The tension of power and restraint was well described by Justice William H. Rehnquist, now Chief Justice, in a 1981 opinion for the Supreme Court.
Mr. Doig suggested that Parcel 1 and 2 could be also be considered for a variety of mixed uses - offices, shops, manufacturing and loft housing.
In reinforcing his Administration's so-far-unsuccessful appeals to Japan and West Germany to help the sluggish American economy by cutting their interest rates, he urged other industrial nations to contribute their ''fair share'' to world growth.
'Reasonable' Dollar Level Cited Dr. Seipp said, however, that any further cuts in interest rates should be linked to an international ''understanding that the present level of the dollar is reasonable.''
* 4 LIVING WITH THE KENNEDYS, by Marcia Chellis.
Kevin Allen, the Philadelphia Eagles' top draft pick in 1985, was waived yesterday.
Defense Minister Magnus Malan said: ''South Africa was not involved in the crash - in no way.
The Sandinista Government customarily treats economic aid data as secret, and efforts to obtain details of the new accords today were unsuccessful.
On Tuesday, the metal traded at $424.60 in London and $424.70 in Zurich.
On the basis of Safeway's 61.5 million shares, the company is now worth close to $3 billion.
* Some recent Israeli provocations of Damascus, such as the downing of two Syrian MIG-23's in Syrian airspace.
Kumagai has not yet sought to take on the role of construction manager for any of the Zeckendorf projects, but it hopes to move in that direction eventually, according to Richard Katano, manager of Kumagai's operations in this country.
Decision at Baghdad Meeting Palestinian sources here said that although preparations for heightening guerrilla pressure against Israel began months ago, the go-ahead was given by the P.L.O.
'' His obvious aptitude for alliteration would become a hallmark of his later film scripts, but it's only part of his overall gooey romanticism.
''I feel that I'm an outsider, but I go in disguise most of the time.
''I ask if they're hiring, they say, 'Maybe, not now, but fill out the application,' '' he said.
They work their big-screen stint into the show, playing one routine as if they are movie makers on location.
The ordinance taxes rooms rented for less than 28 days.
If the chief Nazi murderer wasn't involved, what was he doing?
It was sort of an introduction to an interview that had been arranged to discuss his van.
A pear tree, with much softer wood, just snaps.
''For a composer, America is the most open country in the world,'' Mr. Sallinen continued.
A total of $385 million has been voted by Congress, but about one-third of that amount cannot be spent before next October.
She says the English boys are handsome, and she and her friends, Olga and Esther and Paty and Claudia, were standing outside the Technological Stadium on Tuesday to collect autographs not from soccer players but from English boys.
Charles C. Mason, the deputy nuclear manager, was made responsible for the authority's nuclear program.
He said that when he graduated from Northeastern in 1956, 30 students lived on campus.
35 Police and union in new talks 1 News Analysis: Tension persist 34 Deliberations begin in mob trial 32 Friedman defense rest its case 33 A county's struggling economy 33 Persico for the defense 35 Borough leaders study shelters 35
How can the biographer ever know that he has gathered everything of significance that might somewhere be available?
Since Richardson has been gone, the Nets have won four of eight games, although before last night's game, the Nets were still seven games above .500 at 23-16.
But the almost automatic resort to anti-Western attacks also reflected a time-honored tactic of channeling public-relations fallout outward.
The Civil War strains relations between a Pennsylvania family and a South Carolina family.
The second time, as a young mother, I was perhaps too distracted by my sudden responsibilities, too absorbed still by a thirst for the sensational, the dramatic, to be fully aware of what my child's discovery meant.
Mr. Lavelle's father, John L. Lavelle, is a member of that board.
So we bought the first model, but I still have to worry.
Mr. Tenore spoke to the coalition's executive director, Polly Rothstein, before last November's election and, Mrs. Kornbluh said, ''He told her his views and her assessment is that Mr. Tenore is antichoice.''
In ''Wetland Designation on S.I.
There have even been boundary commissions to determine the claims of linguistic groups for identification with one or another Indian state from which it has been linguistically isolated.
''I heard they were all rich and they all had cars,'' said Dina Miller, a junior.
Production is expected to resume in early August.
Scattered among Romanesque churches, Baroque chapels and Medieval palaces, the participants formed 12 groups this morning so that each faith could pray separately.
THE State Public Service Commission's new guidelines on how electricity consumers would pay for the Shoreham Nuclear Power Station look markedly different depending on where one stands in the debate over nuclear energy and the future of the Long Island Lighting Company.
If the new definition of official calls was in effect, the percentage of personal calls would be 16 to 18 percent, a proportion more in line with private sector findings, he said.
Then, just as the story appeared to be reaching a climax, the music turned somber.
The continuing story involves the killing of Miss Balint's former lover, himself represented by a living sculpture, as well as such apparently subsidiary matters as the insidious cabdriver's ability to predict the horrors of the future.
The pianist Walter Bishop Jr. will lead a trio tonight at the Jazz Cultural Theater, 368 Eighth Avenue, at 29th Street (502-4300), with the guest singer Kathy Farmer.
HISTORIC PRESERVATION A daylong seminar on historic preservation and restoration - it promises to be free of obscure jargon - will be presented Saturday in Orange.
33 A new era of Times Square development is starting and the projects raise questions about the area's future.
Thanks to the rise of interest in ancient Near East civilizations that began in the mid-19th century, professional digging has gone on continuously in the Holy Land since 1850, when French archeologists found the tomb of Queen Helena of Adiabene in Jerusalem.
Once the neighborhood is ruined, why make a scene because somebody plants the lawn in wooden flamingoes?
Growing up in the nearby industrial city of Brockton, John Boyajian could never bring himself to be a New England Patriots fan.
Mr. Stevenson responded, ''Well, the problem we have is we have a lot of icicles hanging.''
The work of Miri Van Doren, a gifted elevator designer, has appeared all over the country and can be seen locally at 130 West 57th Street, which is an incredible building in its own right.
''I played only the bass,'' she said.
John McEnroe or Bill Tilden.
Little is left of the stones of the city, but the view from the site encompasses a magnificent stretch of coast and the Greek island of Lesbos across a narrow channel.
David A. Levine, chief economist at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, said he was assuming a 6 percent growth rate for the economy next year.
Mr. Stone describes key scenes from her childhood, as if to suggest the origins of her madness, but they feel contrived, called upon to explain too much: her schizy sense of unreality comes through much better in action than in explication.
Return the bones to the kettle, then trim the fat from the meat, chop the meat coarsely and return it to the kettle.
Yet a growing number of industries and companies find themselves today more vulnerable strategically than when they started.
From Tempe, meanwhile, Bruce Skinner said his Sunkist Fiesta Bowl would not be outbid.
We will twist and smooth and turn our lines carefully to the sun and wait, as we have done before, to offer them to new travelers who pass this way.
[ Page A1, Columns 4-6. ]
You can also note whether the string is approximately the same distance from the floor all the way across; you will be able to see any dips or slopes.
Coming after Mr. Carter's admirable earlier works, ''Eden'' and ''Nevis Mountain Dew,'' serious family plays that speak with a sense of history about the black experience, ''House of Shadows'' is a letdown.
Their leaders had agreed to it, the Education Minister said, a point that historians consider highly distorted since the agreement came under armed duress.
A dousing of Grand Marnier or another favorite liqueur never hurts, either.
La Mama is, and has been for a quarter century, passionately dedicated to global exchange.
Most of the Government's loan portfolio has that problem.
Yet the Court's new illustrated history, published in association with the Supreme Court Historical Society, is a lively book.
As if that were not enough symphonic activity for one night, the Westchester Chamber Orchestra, a comparatively new ensemble founded in 1984 by Barry Charles Hoffman, is presenting an all-American concert at the Music Hall Theatre in Tarrytown.
c-Includes capital gains of $976,769 and $1,314,948 for the quarter and 6 months, respectively.
The most beset extra of them all, he maintains a sweet attitude even as he is being hauled constantly backward by a rope that he is supposed to be pulling forward to build a pyramid, made to go through repeated takes of a scene in which he is knocked enthusiastically about by a couple of Cleopatra's henchmen and subjected to at least the first six plagues - ooh, those boils.
The protest said the Soviet action ''cannot help but have a detrimental effect on our relations.''
''I wasn't surprised, but neither did I expect it.
The Coca-Cola Company's net income grew 19.1 percent, Philip Morris Companies 16.3 percent and RJR Nabisco Inc. 4.3 percent.
''It's been my baby ever since.''
Defense specialists say that those ''choke points'' should not be hard to cut off, although some fear that a blockade could invite a tactical nuclear strike against Japanese ships or American carrier groups.
Bring to a boil and add spinach.
Those areas, particularly in the South, have many fundamentalist churches that support ''traditional'' family values, and they make up a particularly fertile field for the array of television evangelists who address themselves to the same causes and can be seen on the screen at all hours in the most remote places.
''Men go out of their way to make directions complicated,'' Mr. Hill said.
Their efforts, however, are offset by the demands of population and economic growth.
* Although many states are putting a greater emphasis on basic-skills testing for both college students and aspiring teachers, some universities, like Johns Hopkins, are questioning the value of standardized tests for admission to college and professional schools.
Throw in disposable diapers, I suggested, and we'll never have to leave the house.
Even better is Guigal's 1981, which at least one New York area shop, Pop's in Island Park, L.I., was selling for $10.
For example, Mr. Giuliani said, the State Senate has refused to enact laws that would limit the ability of legislators to represent clients before state agencies - a practice that he has repeatedly said he views as a conflict of interest and that is outlawed as a felony at the Federal level.
Supporters of the legislation take a long view.
At other tables, with a normal diamond lead, South made at least nine tricks in three no-trump.
* Place squab in a shallow ceramic or enameled dish, add spice marinade and turn to coat well.
She makes it her business to keep up on the subject - says she has an inside source in the Capitol - because once the budget is settled, there is a mass exodus from Albany and taco sales dip dramatically.
Republican politicians, the few who came to power, were hardly wiser.
Members of Congress Join In Criticism of the Reagan Administration also came from United States legislators here.
It recognized commerce as important to American life and facts about services and merchandise as valuable information.
Mrs. Cushman's father, Thurston Sumner, has been sitting in every since.
Questions/Answers LADY'S MANTLE - While visiting gardens in Britain this spring, we saw a beautiful herb called lady's mantle.
''I just took a kind of adversary role and I wasn't going to give in to the pressure that there was something great about art that was representational.
At 11 A.M. Information: (718) 875-6960.
''It's got to where I can't breathe,'' she said.
Altamirano, the cardinal whom he plays, is presented as a good man tragically aware of his own perfidy.
Scientists therefore try to build stripped-down molecular models: relatively small and easily studied molecules with features mimicking those of their full-scale counterparts.
It began tenderly with dances for young people at an idyllic gathering.
Jo Jo rises to the top speedily and inevitably, like a bubble in a glass of ginger ale.
A Pentagon official said Admiral Kelso had the authority to order an attack on Libyan airfields if Libyan fighters attacked American aircraft.
in response to a basically worthless Soviet proposal.
Republicans - Bentley, yes; Holt, no.
The Cowboys pursued him, he added, ''for competitive reasons alone.
The air in the kitchen was redolent of homemade soup, but no warmth from its cooking remained.
Gen. Thomas Quiwonkpa, who was shot dead.
''Watching the truckstop waitresses and then trying to do the same thing on the stage, I realized what a fine line existed between acting and the women's entertaining the people who came in every day,'' she said.
to contact its spies -''assets'' in intelligence jargon - in the Soviet Union, leading directly to the arrest of one such C.I.A.
Flood Tide's expertise does not come cheap.
In the course of his research for ''Fatal Vision,'' McGinniss and his subject, Jeffrey MacDonald, a former Green Beret doctor, had become friends, even sharing a house during the trial.
* An additional $310 million from the fee charged to banks for insurance by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The company is expected to fight a takeover attempt.
'' Firefighters broke down the front door, smashed windows and ran down a staircase at the back of the smoke-filled house.
Rasmussen Scheduled Starter Dennis Rasmussen, who had been scheduled to start tonight against Montreal, will pitch against Texas Thursday afternoon.
For the longer term, there is a broader lesson: New police crackdowns shouldn't be unleashed without accepting their implications for courts and jails.
This is elegantly realized in Carol Frolich's ''Art Deco Circle,'' in which different varieties of clear glass are set off against smoky blues.
He is an analyst with Robert Fleming Securities Ltd. in London.
In addition, Dr. Lykken said, a person can manipulate the outcome of a polygraph test to his advantage.
must approve any applications for waivers on pension plan contributions backed by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, a Federal agency that insures corporate funds.
The Sooners began the day ranked second in the United Press International poll of coaches and third behind Miami in the Associated Press poll of writers and broadcasters.
Time plans to put up almost $5 million to begin the publication.
's) are being increasingly used by the public as a tool to delay development projects.
Democracy holds that people have a natural right to differ from their governors and among themselves, and that their consent must be the source of power.
I've proven that since I got here.''
Encouraged by the ease of using prefabricated panels, and certain there was a market for middle-income housing in Newark, Mr. Harris approached Prudential with a plan to build 120 units on five blocks of land in the University Heights redevelopment area.
Certainly, the pitching may not be just a short-term problem.
Despite the critical acclaim she has received for ''Benefactors'' and other roles, Miss Hurt says she knows she'll never be ''an actress with the reputation of Meryl Streep's, for instance.''
Mrs. Hyder said her former husband spent a long time preparing for his fast, and that he had discouraged other people from joining him.
Elizabeth and Clay Meyers of Hartsdale, N.Y., gave $100; Joan Halloran, Dirk Salomons and Jonathan Salomons, of Manhattan, $500; Kenneth R. Dubuque of Guttenberg, N.J., $100; Max Kaderli of Trumbull, Conn., $100; Robert M. Kramer, of Greenwich, Conn., $100; John Rewald of Manhattan, $100, in memory of Paul Rewald; Chris Arapoglou of Huntington, L.I., $100 in memory of his father, Theodore, and Joanna P. Williams of Manhattan, $250.
''We've got to tighten up, tighten up, tighten up,'' he said.
''Try it upside down and backward,'' the young man behind me says.
Mr. Pelton left the National Security Agency that July.
Now, following the publication last weekend of Rome's second statement on the subject, the teaching appears to have won cautious acceptance from Pope John Paul II.
We lost one of our Super Bowl starters to injury, and needed a corner,'' says Tobin.
What is missing is a way of measuring the impact of such extensive expenditures.
To Dave Johnson, there is no mystery about Dwight Gooden.
Buildups of commando units by the Reagan Adminstration have been hampered by the indifference or opposition of regular Army and Air Force officers, according to a senior Pentagon official and members of Congress.
Now, this season, his production over all has been down, but he still has six weeks to improve.
''Currents'' - the episode is ably produced by Jane Petroff - visits two New Jersey communities to illustrate the result of rising costs.
Japanese companies retain the workers and move ahead with future chip generations.
The fourth time, however, Carter made an end run directly around Dave Johnson, the manager.
It was this faith in an ungendered reason, which Astell shared with her more politically ''correct'' successor Wollstonecraft, that ignited the first sparks of feminist thought in England.
''At no time was Europe asked to give its opinion,'' said Le Figaro.
What follows is an explanation of how the new plan would change the treatment for individual taxpayers of profits from the sale of stock and other capital assets.
Justice Berkman rejected the argument, however, citing the profits generated for the defendants.
Panel Voted 13 to 5 Senator Strom Thurmond, the South Carolina Republican who heads the Judiciary Committee, replied that Justice Rehnquist would not have won the committee's support if its members ''had felt he was in favor of discrimination in any way, shape or form.''
WHEN handled with a reasonable amount of care a sharp, properly adjusted wood plane is still one of the best tools the do-it-yourselfer can use to smooth down a rough piece of wood, or to trim and shape a piece of wood to specific dimensions.
In 1968 the group changed its name to the Atlanta Ballet.
There was a shadow of Mr. Marcos, too, in some of the choices, notably in the retention of Juan Ponce Enrile as Minister of Defense.
But they have also made officials more careful and selective, say supporters inside government.
A nationwide search for them began after the helicopter picked up Mrs. Lopez from a recreation yard at the Federal Correctional Institution in Pleasanton on Nov. 5.
The report today that a booster rocket may have been found came as NASA focused its salvage and search efforts on at least 11 possible locations where debris from the shuttle might have sunk after hitting the sea.
Lay the thigh and leg, skin side down, and look for the strip of yellow fat that covers the joint.
Monthly butter distribution decreased to 6 million pounds a month from 24 in that period.
The growth has attracted big American investment banks and brokerage houses, including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns and Drexel Burnham Lambert.
The Houston pitcher has won two of his three starts while compiling a 3.00 e.r.a.
At noon today, the school's voice department will sing selections from Verdi, Bizet, Puccini and Leonard Bernstein.
Her father is a vice president of Evans & Company, an investment banking firm.
He was in the military, stationed here and there.
For more information, the number is 787-6557.
Combine all the ingredients in a medium-size bowl and mix well.
Our employees are catching hell at the airports.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Sargent Shriver, the agency's major architect, presents the official, slightly mystical, filter-down thesis that ''when the Peace Corps goes abroad, it spreads the ideal of a free and democratic society,'' a notion long identified with Kennedy-Humphrey legend.
When he and his colleagues finished their figures and correlated them with the positions of the planets in the ninth century, there remained little doubt that El Caracol was a brilliantly designed astronomical observatory, a calendar in stone where the Mayan priests, using only their eyes, marked the heavens day by day with remarkable accuracy.
There will be 11 races in the afternoon and another 11 at night as Roosevelt begins its Tuesday doubleheaders, which will run through the end of the current meeting June 16.
advocates low capital gains rates, tax-free fringe benefits for workers, favorable tax treatment for Oregon's timber industry and tuition tax credits.
No Prime Minister has been more forceful on this score than the activist Mr. Nakasone.
The Administration program will cost well over $1 billion, according to budget analysts, including more than $50 million in income-subsidy payments to be mailed this month, instead of after the harvest.
Apple Computer Inc. said that it had entered into a technical collaboration with the National Geographic Society and Lucasfilm Ltd. to explore the use of optical technologies such as videodisks and compact disks in education.
In fact, though not in name, the County Museum, has now got itself a self-contained museum of modern art.
L'Isola's facade will feature a limestone base and red brick upper walls.
''I'm ready to go,'' he said.
Reservations: Essential; in addition, allow for waiting at busy times.
Before Mattingly came to bat, Wills worked carefully on Mike Fischlin before walking him to load the bases.
When Tracy announces that she is working on a story about drugs in the ghetto, the editor insists on getting involved with her contacts for substantiation purposes.
As to opera, that proved to be true, though the ''Four Last Songs'' came later and sound a more elegiac note.
'Old Language Dying Out' ''The old language is dying out,'' Mr. Williams conceded.
Gagliardi had completed 12 of 19 passes for 146 yards with one interception to that point.
Without homes, money or a Government identity card, these people face a harsh future.
It was 1958, not 1953.
One said it looked like graffiti.
''Isle'' begins and ends with the image of a man, woman and little girl.
''To do this, we've zeroed-in on curriculum.
Expanded employment especially in the private sector would promote human dignity, increase social solidarity, and promote self-reliance of the poor.
As the novelist in the store explains it later: ''I need an intruder to distort a relationship.''
Philadelphia, which dealt the Islanders their only overtime loss this season, was a stumbling block for the team last year and unwittingly became the conduit for an Islander renaissance this year.
Who was it that took this disinformation thing and managed to turn it?
He termed the nation's $148 billion trade deficit ''disastrous.''
Robert P. Jensen, chairman and chief executive of Tiger International, will assume the post of chief operating officer for Flying Tiger, a company spokesman, Lawrence Nagin, said.
It is a heritage that has nearly been lost because of several decades of middle-class flight, red-lining by banks, wholesale abandonment of buildings and deterioration.
''For a while, audio didn't look like it was going anywhere, but it has really started to take off in recent months,'' said Ted Heinecken, a Chicago-based independent book salesman.
It also shows how the investment community, sometimes working on nothing more than a hunch, tries to sniff out a corporate development ahead of time.
So I was not drawn to ironing as an art.
''I had long hair and a conscience when I got into this business,'' he said, smilingly patting his bald spot.
He added, however, that he sees ozone as a ''major health problem.''
Earlier Meeting Seen But sources on Capitol Hill and business associates said Mr. Lyng was returning to Washington from a trip tonight and would meet with Mr. Reagan this week, possibly as early as Wednesday.
After the Romans, the Visigoths used the bridge, as did the Moors until the 12th century.
At the same time, Mr. Rohatyn proposes that the city almost double its capital commitment from $105 million to $205 million per year.
He also drew criticism from the vociferous opposition over the case of an Egyptian border policeman who ran amok and killed seven Israelis and was hailed as ''the hero of Sinai.''
funds touched off a controversy at Harvard, among Middle Eastern scholars and in some Arab countries.
As it turned out, the hunch players were half right: The Win 4, which pays off at odds of 5,000 to 1, came up Monday on 7446.
A wide network of such stations, not just ones near a Soviet test site, would be needed to check for secret explosions anywhere across Asia, such as at a secondary Soviet test site at Novaya Zemlya, on an island in the Barents Sea.
One section of the 75-by-150-foot garden is devoted to 30 individually tended plots.
The gallery, at 402 Main Street, is open Wednesdays through Sundays from noon to 5 P.M.
Neither Cox nor MCA officials could not be reached for comment.
The Giants, meanwhile, had drafted their primary need, a running back, George Adams, in the first round and Stacy Robinson, a wide receiver in the second.
When you're traveling, there's a chain of stories that replaces, or complements, the newspaper.
And as the avenue's critical mass grows, retailers hope to draw more and more business from those Chicagoans who go to New York for high fashion.
He has to deal with some very tough leviathans, and there is a showdown with blazing guns that is right out of the Wild West.
He was safe, and Pagliarulo threw to second in an attempt to get Upshaw trying to advance.
Richard R. Burt, the Ambassador to West Germany, and his wife, Gahl.
Aug. 20 Atlantis xhrrFive days with crew of five.
And, eventually,'' she says, laughing, ''they'll say, 'O.K., that sounds interesting.'
WESTCHESTER COUNTY Country Cycle Club, 1 Willowbrook Road, White Plains, N.Y. 10605.
It includes 6 women, 5 blacks, a Hispanic member, 14 Democrats and 3 Republicans.
Delaware Anisha A. Abraham, Tower Hill, Wilmington.
1 is the added scrutiny a tennis player faces during the course of any tournament he plays.
Questions about home repair problems should be addressed to Home Improvement Department, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
to invest the money necessary for localization - the figure cited is $70 million over seven years - and to wait for the foreign exchange payout that will come with successful exports.
Our trek on this final day took us to the Hever Canyon, where the Cave of the Letters was excavated by the Israeli archeologist Yigael Yadin.
The extended programs ''remove some of the urgency on the part of the consumer to go out and buy now,'' Mr. Sullivan said.
At the equivalent of $80 a day for the three of us, including buffet breakfast, the room was large and spotless, with a fine view of the river, city and mountains.
The concert is on Sunday at 7 P.M.
They also acknowledge that the Sandinistas have penetrated the contra command structure.
On balance, I thought it wisest simply to nod (thereby breaking two small vertebrae), whereupon he introduced a note of anticlimax by simply walking away.
* Nashua Corp., Nashua,, N.H., said it had signed a two-year agreement to sell selected high-speed photocopiers made by International Business Machines Corp. * RCA Corp. and Sharp Corp. said they had entered into a five-year agreement with closely held Waferscale Integration Inc. to cooperate in developing semiconductor technology.
The book, ''The Triumph of Politics,'' subtitled ''Why the Reagan Revolution Failed,'' is coming out this month, and there are indications it may not create as big a splash as the publisher had hoped.
Memory, not observation, is Stead's mode - and memory causes her vision to be heightened, mythic, often operatic.
Grif and his pals can recite a litany of horrors for Houston teams - the two-game lead by the Astros in the 1980 three-of-five playoffs, the blunders of the Phi Slamma Jamma dunkers from the University of Houston in two final games, the mysterious strategies by Bum Phillips and Jack Pardee that lost crucial games for the Oilers and the Gamblers a few years ago.
The United States contends that Soviet use of coding is contrary to the 1979 terms; the Russians say their use of coding is within the terms.
Mutual Beacon's strategy is identical to that of the two large capital appreciation funds.
But, Mr. O'Neill said, South Africa has a reputation as a dependable supplier and it will not jeopardize this.
It's a way of signaling the union how serious they are about their economic difficulty.''
Would the hypothetical benefits of less volatility be worth the real costs of reduced liquidity?
The Giants' next score came on Simms's run, from 4 yards out.
''So the booksellers were anticipating action from the police and indeed were inadvertently aiding and abetting censorship,'' she said.
To find a starting pitcher who was the winning pitcher in a game at Yankee Stadium, the Yankees have to go back to May 21, when Joe Niekro won.
But he says, ''Surgeons have anecdotal evidence that delayed surgery causes higher costs in the long run.
Annacone, though, thought he played a major part in yesterday's comeback.
But it hurt to get demoted to the bullpen.
Will small children and/or pets be welcome?
Among other plants benefited: snapdragons, impatiens, asters.
The Administration strategy, as devised by the Budget Director, James C. Miller 3d, is to wait until later in the year, near the election, before discussing possible compromises.
In 1981, after showing Mr. Brezhnev for seven minutes, television switched to a studio announcer who read most of the speech.
''Do you want to spend the rest of your life gorging on pills that may turn out to be nothing but sugar?''
One displays a bus pass that will allow him to spend his day traveling before returning to the shelter that night.
JETS, at Buffalo, 4 P.M. (Television - Channel 4, 4 P.M. Radio -WMCA 570, 4 P.M.) GOLF PGA TOUR: B.C.
''If I had eyes in the back of my head, I would've known I had more time,'' Hernandez said, alluding to the slow start Owen got from first.
With Stith passing for one touchdown, running for another, and contributing nine tackles on defense, the Tigers played well without the help of the fullback Dorian Wesley, who missed Thursday's game with a lower back injury.
I've only been wrong one time.''
Vision and hearing impairments, swollen legs, arthritis, depression and high blood pressure were among the most common and were experienced by at least a third of those receiving care.
''As a result of a questionnaire, most of the coaches preferred 19-9.''
Williams, who retired after the 1974 season and has 10 years of eligibility left for election by the writers, said he was not giving up hope.
Four photographers and two photographic concerns contributed to the collection.
A swarm of smaller computer makers each had less than 1 percent of the market.
[ The Associated Press said two Brooklyn residents, Alida Ollivierre and Rufus Nelson, were aboard. ]
The issue is one of a number put on hold last week because of chaotic market conditions brought on by the proposal, since rejected, to tax all-outstanding bonds.
I got a pick from Jeff Turner, gave Rory Sparrow enough of a fake to throw him off and shot the ball.''
Hooded sweaters worn with long, narrow skirts or trousers emphasized the severe line.
Reporting on the meeting last month, The Japan Times quoted a Foreign Ministry official as asserting that some lobbyists ''try to get hired by first creating problems through such means as anonymous and excessive public accusations that Japan is engaging in unfair trade practices.
The change was like night and daylight, and there wasn't much of the latter for Rozier to run to in the N.F.L.
Directed by John Buechler, whose background is in creature-related special effects, and written by Ed Naha, ''Troll'' has a knowing tone that's more smart-alecky than clever.
Does he know how to win?
Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Westchester County Executive who is the likely Republican candidate for Governor, has talked of the scandals as occurring on the Governor's ''watch.''
''And to think,'' the young man was saying, ''all we really needed was honey and seaweed.''
to halt trading in its stock twice Tuesday because of the false rumors.
''We see that oil can be destructive if we are not able to keep a moderate line that is helpful for economic and social development,'' said Dr. Brundtland, ruing the nation's inability to resist quick spending of oil revenues that poured in for the first half of the decade.
would be driven too much by theory and too little by legal expertise.
Many cannot be identified by the traditional I.Q.
American Can's stock rose $2.25, to $74 a share, yesterday, following a sharp rise on Thursday when rumors of additional restructuring moves began to circulate.
The actor/producer Michael Douglas's wife, Diandra, says, ''He has a strong sense of his own style, but I have opinions about what becomes him most.
A note at the end of the program explains that the foundation ''supports qualified charitable organizations committed to antinuclear activities, the preservation of our environment, our civil liberties and human rights.''
According to several Administration officials, a preliminary executive order, drafted by the State Department, was circulated to the agency heads today by the Office of Management and Budget.
Participation in an actual audition was a course requirement.
Music cruises are also scheduled by the Royal Viking Line (415-398-8000 or 800-634-8000) next year.
There is pressure everywhere, counselors say.
Yet timed tests often force a person to solve problems impulsively.
But two other hijackers - two cousins, Majdi and Subhi Abu-Jumas - were taken off the bus alive.
At Chase, net-interest income - interest earned less interest paid - totaled $813 million, compared with $722 million a year earlier.
The payroll was slashed, the company moved more aggressively in its remaining businesses and its stock price has climbed steadily.
But since such a bill would be subject to a veto, opponents of aid would have to muster a two-thirds vote in both houses, a margin that is clearly beyond their reach.
The Soviet Union has not formally replied to the invitation, officials said, although it has been criticized in the Soviet press.
Apparently trying to push wavering Republicans into an uncomfortable vote, the Democratic Speaker of the House, Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts, said at a news conference that the measure appeared to be 40 votes short of a sure majority.
''And I had to make room for the young players I had at Rochester.
But, lest fly fishing for salmon on private waters seem redolent of privilege, I have found myself watching my bobber, worm-baited hook hanging below it, floating on an oxbow of the Connecticut River - where the quarry is the plebian rock bass -with the same intensity I devote to my Royal Wulff drifting over a salmon's lie.
If you did not have an exercise program before you were pregnant, however, it is not a good idea to start one after you became pregnant.''
Unlike other well-known chefs who take time to appear at charitable events, he is almost never absent from the restaurant, which observes its 25th anniversary Feb. 16.
He started playing only 19 years ago when he was 23, about 15 years after most other golfers start.
''Most of my customers ask me first thing, 'How about the school?'
By the deadline last September the company had received 1,300 scripts for new plays.
For example, Governor Kean recently rescinded a half-dozen appointments that were sent to the Senate in January and never acted upon.
Praise vs. Failure ''Benefactors,'' which was critically praised and has been running since Dec. 22, earned only one additional nomination, that of Mary Beth Hurt as best actress.
Hundreds of civilian murders, mutilations, tortures and rapes were committed in pursuit of this policy, of which the contra leaders and their C.I.A.
Unbearable as such an image may be, we believe it.
When new Soviet systems come on, old, obsolescent systems generally go.
Eugene Maleska, crossword puzzle editor of The New York Times.
''We're aware of the bad rap on Foreign Relations chairman, and I don't want anyone to think Lugar thinks foreign relations is more important than Indiana,'' said Mr. Helmke, himself the scion of three generations of Fort Wayne politicians.
According to George R. Gordon of Queens, a real-estate broker who deals in stores, 60 percent of the stationery and card shops sold in the city and northern New Jersey in recent years have been purchased by Indians.
(The world record is 43.86, set by Lee Evans at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics.)
Along with the T-shirts, medallions, coat hangers, wristwatches and other tsatskes bearing the likeness of Sarah Ferguson, some original entrepreneur has just come out with a ''Fergie'' perfume.
HOCKEY: Islanders vs. Buffalo Sabres, at Nassau Coliseum, 8 P.M. HARNESS RACING: Roosevelt, 8 P.M. SOCCER: Brown vs. Columbia, at Baker Field, 1 P.M. TENNIS: Transamerica Open, at San Francisco (Television - USA, 8 P.M.).
The legislators also renew their call for stronger city and state campaign finance rules, saying that contributions from individuals, companies and partnerships should be limited to $1,000, as in Federal law, rather than the $50,000 New York permits.
''But because of Europe's vulnerability, no European leader wants to be seen as publicly sanctioning such a strike.''
Meantime, the leader of South Africa's official white opposition, Frederick van Zyl Slabbert, resigned from Parliament and his position as head of the Progressive Federal Party today, and President Botha announced that a state of emergency, initially imposed on July 21, 1985, was to be lifted in four magisterial districts around Cape Town and three districts near Port Elizabeth.
After 29 BxN, recapture with 29. .
''It's an image etched into our minds of American power.''
For all that, however, the doleful story, although not new, remains of the first importance.
Now, tonight at 8, in its latest revision, ''The Rise of David Levinsky'' starts performances as an Off Broadway presentation at the John Houseman Theater, 450 West 42d Street.
If so, let it be.
''There's nothing left,'' said Coach Darrell (Mouse) Davis as he sat in an old high school chair and used a cardboard box as a desk.
As they have with previous reports, the cigarette industry asserted that this one was based on inconclusive evidence and antismoking organizations embraced it.
'Star Trek' was human allegory in a space format.
The researchers have learned that some people's minds jump and seeth with imagery while others are relatively quiescent.
Balanchine declared that he did not make ballets about himself.
''This regime of Iran is trying to export trouble and subversion all over the gulf, and Iraq is playing its role as a barrier to stop this,'' the official said.
The group heard both Mr. Byrd and Mr. Wright pledge close cooperation and vigorous Democratic governance over the next two years.
That is also a good statistical description of a baby boomer, an individual noted more for the conspicuous consumption of clothing and stereo equipment than for the acquisition of commodities of a more intellectual or spiritual nature.
Using the Social Democrats' initials, he added: ''The S.P.D.
But the shad are important, too, said Randy Fairbanks, assistant director of the Massachusetts Marine Fisheries Department.
Ambassador, Stephen Bosworth, has informed me that Mr. Marcos and his party are now at Clark Air Base.
A ruling could come immediately but more likely will be delayed a few days.
''I don't know who they got for me,'' he said, ''but I've got to think it's just a matter that they wanted to move me.
Arcade (593-1221) - *Aug. 15, 1986) The dining room of this breezy, informal spot is a two-tier mini-amphitheater arrangement with gray leather banquettes around the perimeter, black granite tables, steel lighting columns and perforated stainless-steel walls.
They have a deep-rooted fear that the left is permissive, erosive of traditional values.
A Nicaraguan intelligence official said an analysis of all documents indicated hundreds of flights, an estimate that could not be confirmed.
The Pakistani authorities, revising the details of the capture of a hijacked Pan American jumbo jet on Friday, said tonight that all four gunmen who had seized the plane were alive and had been taken into custody by Government security forces.
Washington Heights is a place where supply meets demand - the last link in the underworld chain that brings billions of dollars worth of cocaine from South America into the metropolitan area each year.
's Nationwide, the number of black registered voters increased from 9.8 million in 1980 to 12.2 million in 1984, or 6.3 percent, far more than the 1.5 percent gain from 1976 to 1980.
ARTHUR LOEHRER, former chairman, president and chief executive officer, Richmond County Savings Bank.
That means the condom, preferably one that comes with a spermicide.
Swimming is permitted but the lake is very cold.
To get more crack, she said, she had sex with the operators of the base house and other customers.
It is where crickets chirp, bats flutter in treetops and deer, if one looks closely, can be seen in the cornfields.
Americans first, the women spoke about themselves.
In many precincts, armed men forced Namfrel volunteers to flee.
But voters approved the law by a margin of 2 to 1, and its backers say they may seek even more drastic controls in the future.
Another child was critically injured.
The Colts are a once-hopeful, now-sad outfit that was undone by injuries that exposed too many weakneses.
I make sure fresh-cut flowers adorn breakfast, living- and dining-room tables.
The reader of ''The Healer Within'' is cautioned immediately that ''all matters regarding your health require medical supervision''; the final chapters are disdainful of therapies not carried out under the supervision of physicians.
A foreign policy based not on facts, but on moods; not on prudence, but on visions; not on candor, but on enthusiasm; not on calculation, but on intuition - it is not hard to see how Mr. McFarlane, the former national security adviser, came to his hotel in Teheran.
She plans to put a new constitution before the voters in a referendum.
The United States Ambassador to Honduras has been relieved of his duties after less than a year of service here, according to a United States Embassy spokesman.
Revenues and profits have risen each year except 1985, with this year likely to be the firm's best to date.
Analysts said the moves showed that Continental, saved in 1984 by a $4.5 billion Federal rescue plan, was regaining its strength.
INTERNATIONAL 3-9 Legislators still do not understand how the essential elements of the policy of arms sales to Iran and the diversion of funds to the Nicaraguan rebels was developed, financed and set into motion.
The Cardinal last night, in effect, dismissed that explanation.
There are walks through Edith Wharton's New York and into black American history, as well as a butterfly safari in Queens.
The success has come at a price, though.
He didn't play a down that season, and appeared briefly in four games the next season.
His fledgling company represents Canada, Singapore, South Korea, Mexico and Saudi Arabia, as well as foreign companies.
The exhibitions are based on themes.
Arthur Goldberg, president of Integrated Resources, the general partner of many limited partnerships, agreed that income-oriented investments were now more attractive.
Concern Stirred Only Lately Still, the plant's design had been so much altered by rising costs and Federal requirements and the process had gone on so long that people seemed not to realize that its operation was imminent.
The list, to be presented Tuesday, begins with the assertion that ''what parents do to help their children'' is more important to academic success than ''how well-off the family is.''
But a spokesman for the Professional Lawn Association of America, Donald W. Burton, said the allegations ''are misleading and not supported by the facts.''
In the case of rent-stabilized units, landlords may refuse to renew the lease of a tenant he believes has another primary residence, an action the tenant can challenge in either Civil or Supreme Court.
After 40 ... R-B3ch, Miles gave up just in time to miss 41 K-K7 (or 41 KxP, RK3mate), Q-K3ch; 42 K-Q8, Q-Q2mate.
Although the Administration has ended its effort to eliminate Vista, she went on, it has done little to promote or revitalize it.
The second goal was fantastic.
But political scientists say that this was not because they are particularly anti-Semitic or xenophobic (opinion polls show that they are less of both than older Austrians).
Dear old thing: of course they had and a great deal more than adumbrated.
Michigan (20-3, 8-3) was led by Antoine Joubert, with 20 points; Gary Grant with 19, and Roy Tarpley with 18.
Genstar lost 1/2, to 39 3/4.
The top representatives of the union and the steelmaker met at an undisclosed site.
But, he added, ''Only the Mayor can make that decision.
The first thing to know about ''Lonesome Pine,'' however, is that, aside from the presence of Stein and Toklas, Hemingway and Apollinaire, there is virtually nothing historical about the story - however well the spirit of their famous salon at 27 rue de Fleurus may have been captured.
* He has decided that ABC will not telecast the Gator Bowl football game this year, but, in a surprise move, bought the rights to televise the Florida Citrus Bowl and announced plans to put the game on New Year's Day, at noon.
''We thought there were others on the list with a greater exposure to the Veterans Administration who had a leg up'' over Mr. Turnage, Mr. Kraja said, ''but we had no great problem with any of them.''
True, a lot more women practice psychotherapy today, and many them, my own therapist, for instance, are feminists.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $18.95.)
Each side accused the other of provoking the incident by opening fire.
At Stevens Real Estate in Lawrence, Kan., training programs do double duty: Employees get to work out on trampolines while they listen to sales training tapes.
''With the permanent collection in storage, it's hard to work with it as a teaching tool,'' Ms. Cummings said.
Our inner cities are collapsing into ghettos of violence and squalor.
The New York City Opera's current production has come in for a fair amount of criticism since it was unveiled in 1980, but seems rather appropriate to me, its Maxfield Parrish-like castles and turquoises suiting the gentle, naive Orientalism of the libretto.
It's nighttime when Peter backs his cannons up against a wall to bombard some rebels, but in the golden glow he could, if he wanted to, read.
If the winds blow right, 'Amazing Stories' should be in the Top 30 over the summer.''
''Flower of the Mountain'' works hard to please and does so with considerable skill.
A guard holding two automatic rifles stood outside the door.
Mr. Rosenthal, who arrived here Saturday with Mr. Hoge, said Mr. Burns ''is no more an intelligence agent than my grandmother, who I assure you was not an intelligence agent.''
Three miles north, at Philipsburg Manor, you can see Walt Disney's animated version of the legend.
We have 25 doctors in the group in medical services from maternity to heart bypass operations and everything in between, from hospitalization to annual physical examinations, are included in the fixed monthly payment.
3) - a nostalgic, conventional work filled with good melodies and old-world grace - began the program.
The House gave approval to all other provisions of the rifle association's bill, sponsored by Representative Harold L. Volkmer, Democrat of Missouri.
WAS this the Juilliard String Quartet celebrating its 40th birthday at Alice Tully Hall Saturday, or were we listening to four men marking the anniversary of a name?
But soon he would return to his locker and, seated on a stool, submit to a knot of reporters.
U.S. PROFESSIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP, Longwood Cricket Club, Brookline, Mass.
Kerfeld pitched four hitless innings, gaining his fourth save.
He tired of that pretty quickly.
On a recent visit, Mr. Marshall gave a tour of current wares.
I was always very athletic when I was young, and I remember my mother said to me, You're not supposed to beat men at sports.
His own denomination has been called the Dutch Reformed Mission Church.
Witness Admits Lying One former ranch worker, Dennis Johnson, admitted Tuesday that he lied on the witness stand when he said he did not return voluntarily to the Ellebrachts' ranch.
He was 34 years old.
The auctions next week at Sotheby's and Christie's are not expected to reverse this trend, but they may indicate whether major Latin American works continue to command top prices and who is buying the moderate-priced paintings, drawings and sculpture.
With the Democrats' 94-to-56 majority in the Assembly, the Speaker is considered the second most powerful state official.
He did it for one of the photographers who are once again being drawn to Mr. Rizzo, an ex-policeman and former Police Commissioner whose aggressive, tough-guy style and sometimes outrageous one-liners put him in the national spotlight in the 1970's.
On the east side, the Virginian has 39 rooms in the western-themed town of Winthrop, where the North Cascades Highway levels into the sunny Methow Valley.
Babette S. Heymann, of Manhattan, a contributor for many years, sent a check for $25.
In the course of the suit in Federal District Court, the committee obtained Navy reports on nuclear accidents and incidents from 1965 through 1977.
Book industry officials have expressed satisfaction that the court narrowed the earlier ruling, but they are still dissatisfied that it did not rule on the constitutionality of the Son of Sam law.
We try to create indecision on the part of the other team.''
The Puritans resented the presence of the Church of England since it was the church from which they had fled.''
''They know the safe routes.
But here, too, there are problems.
Government spending and borrowing for investment could be carried in a capital budget, rather than in a current budget for consumption spending.
Taxes on motorists constitute the most attractive source of financing for mass transit, the study said.
MARITIME STRATEGY AND WAR TERMINATION The goal of the overall Maritime Strategy, particularly of Phase III, is to use maritime power, in combination with the efforts of our sister services and forces of our allies, to bring about war termination on favorable terms.
And, of course, many patients have no families to take them in.
In addition, it appears that the effort to restore to the budget-balancing law an automatic provision to cut spending will not be resolved until fall.
'Got to Get Plugged In' ''Women in this industry are not plugged into the power network that can make the difference,'' Ms. McCann added.
Mr. Crutchfield does not, in my view, convincingly argue that orchestras are performing less well today than they have in the past, nor does he demonstrate a connection between the changes he describes and the quality of orchestra performances.
Jersey City - 2 P.M. at Lincoln Park on Kennedy Boulevard.
Items in wood include a large selection of toys, among them three-dimensional puzzles in bright nontoxic colors.
''Anyone can be sexy and sensual if they put their mind to it,'' she says.
Does this writer, who has declared that words have lost their savor, believe that words will become powerful again?
Mrs. Marcos's bed, with a regal canopy, was surrounded by picture books and albums of movie stars, candies, a huge screen and stacks of video cassettes, a box of bottles of a high-energy drink called Lipovitan, a plastic box of salted peanuts and flasks of perfume.
As with CD players, so with CD's.
[ Page A1, Column 1. ]
STANLEY TURKEL Chairman, City Club of New York New York, Feb. 21, 1986
A series of such calls were received at the office, Mr. Davis said.
The Nets lost very little with him directing the offense.
The Reagan Administration says these international pressures can be strengthened with a technique called ''enhanced surveillance.''
HENDERSON, Donald A., dean of hygiene and public health at Johns Hopkins University, chief architect of the successful campaign to eradicate smallpox.
Mr. Siegel made it clear that at least some of the clients he has brought to Kidder, Peabody might move with him to Drexel.
The rest of the world denied that and said those are international waters.
Jack Nicklaus, playing his first tournament since his victory in the Masters two weeks ago, was 12 shots back of the leaders after the third round.
''There's no pedigree there anymore,'' said one Jewish resident.
The formal session is usually followed by an opportunity for audience feedback.
Residents of the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan were given a study yesterday that said the community would have to devise its own, local development plan to protect its diversity from intense real-estate pressures.
So far no Palestinian guerrilla group has taken responsibility for sending the gunman.
''Sales are going to drop in October,'' he said.
Rabbi David Kahane performed the ceremony at the Rye Town Hilton in Rye Brook, N.Y. Mrs. Colby, an associate with the New York law firm of Morgan & Finnegan, graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the Albany Law School of Union University.
b-Net loss and includes a loss of $219,000 from discontinued operations.
The public may enter one of two additional flight simulators, which are mockups of cockpits much like amusement park automobile simulators, with controls and a screen showing how the operator is handling the plane.
And one reason the American agency will be in the top three, in addition to its currently being the world's largest agency, is that it has joint ventures going with both Dentsu and a French agency.
To the Editor: Robert St.-Cyr's letter on Northern Ireland (Nov. 26) is a classic example of the sort of thinking that serves only to prolong the existing situation.
A model of the renovation, designed by Frank Williams Associates & Architects in Manhattan, shows the exterior of the buildings tied together with the same pale beige hue, identical windows and gold trim.
These are but examples, for there are many more.
''Now the guy will say, 'My tail is in the ringer.
Many of them end up on the streets or in shelters, he said.
The Union Carbide Corporation said it would sell its electrical carbon business as it continued a corporate restructuring intended to reduce debt and improve earnings.
Officials said voter turnout was relatively light, and Mr. Sachs said that he was struck by the indifference of voters.
Mr. Schwartz is said to be receiving a split of the advance as well as of royalties.
A full member of the Central Committee, Mr. Zamyatin will apparently carry more weight from the Soviet point of view than the present ambassador, Viktor I. Popov, who is not even a candidate member.
Auto Auctions, a subsidiary of the British Car Auction Group P.L.C., said it expected a committee of Sandgate's independent directors to announce its position on the offer today.
After going to the Arnot Museum in Elmira, try Pierce's 1894 Restaurant (607-734-2022) on West 14th Street at Oakwood Avenue in Elmira Heights, a 10-minute drive from the museum.
Both he and his wife, Lucy (known in her acting career as Lucy Rowan), recollect that at the outset the lives of the Juilliard foursome were much more closely intertwined.
As the decade ended, they were used in a variety of apparel, from silk shirts and wool trousers to blazers, jump suits and even dinner jackets.
Last month, the two works hanging in the art museum were by Rembrandt van Rijn, but within days, the world will know them as ''from the workshop of Rembrandt.''
And what kind of friend openly speaks of sidling up to the Russians if we press too hard for political pluralism and human rights?
14* ADRIFT, by Steven Callahan.
Twelve plays later, Franklin kicked a 32-yard field goal to tie the score again, at 20-20.
Among the most startling cases, the physician said, was that of a youth held and questioned at gunpoint for only one hour in the back of an armored vehicle.
There is no single road to turn back from.
''I couldn't do a lot of other things because I had my business life to take care of,'' Toon says.
The comment seemed tinged with the uncertainty that the ban might yet be reimposed before the new sense of relative freedom has implanted its tendrils.
That's what makes it an event.''
But management attorneys denounced the decision as ignoring the language of the labor act.
Stores are starting to bring in spring merchandise.
It stems from a longtime concern of many court specialists that the current appointment system has too few safeguards against nepotism and political favoritism.
Presumably, AIDS could fit those criteria.
A stroll through a museum helps separate the Late Bronze Age from the Early Iron one, arabesque from abstract art, a Moroccan from a Kurd.
c-Net loss and includes extraordinary litigation losses of $2,400,000.
Mr. Gourgue said he had not visited Titanyin, which is midway between Duvalierville and a town called Bonrepos, which translates as ''sweet rest.''
Dozens of other people inspected the piles of old books and magazines in the stalls, slowly looking at tattered books that were often older than the browsers.
Poland has also delayed repayment of $1.5 billion of 1983 obligations to commercial bank creditors, and has agreements on a further $1.9 billion due between 1984 and 1987.
''We are concerned that a few boards of education have been more involved with contracts and political power that they have been with students and learning and results.''
Last October, six years before the constitutionally mandated reapportionment of the House of Representatives on the basis of the 1990 Census, the Democrats established a project to undertake the detailed studies needed to merge current demographic information, precinct-by-precinct voting patterns and expected population changes, so as to help the Democrats draw the lines of the new districts in the way most advantageous to them.
Advice from a lawyer familiar with local laws is advised.
Apples that are not treated with Alar face a shorter storage life.
The proposed merger between Convergent Technologies and the 3Com Corporation has fallen apart at the last minute, the companies said today.
All the distractions in Orange County never got in his way.
But according to his pitching coach, Mark Connor, Righetti is not aloof to criticism and advice.
And Arab states, some of which detest Libya as much as the United States does, would probably be compelled to take harsher anti-American measures if, for instance, Syria was attacked or if there was another raid on Libya.
That was last week's ultimate.
Unity of command is a cardinal principle of battle, acknowledged everywhere from Napoleon's journals to the U.S. Army Field Manual.
* Tandem Computers Inc., Cupertino, Calif., said it had extended the low end and midrange of its nonstop computer system line with the introduction of nonstop EXT-10 and EXT-25 systems, with entry-level prices of $82,500 and $325,000 respectively.
As E. M. Forster succinctly put it, ''I do not believe in Belief.''
Reports about the fire have appeared in Defense Daily, a Washington-based newsletter, and in International Defense Review, a Geneva magazine.
A bill will soon be introduced in the Legislature to raise the legal age for buying tobacco products to 18 from 16, the Speaker of the State Assembly said.
A jury in Erie County Court tonight found 18-year-old John D. Justice Jr. guilty of two counts of second degree murder in the deaths of his mother and a neighbor, the authorities said.
CONFESSIONS OF A PREGNANT FATHER By Dan Greenburg.
Shortly after the criminal charges were filed in December, the Defense Department suspended the company from receiving new contracts.
A prediction that the Federal Reserve Board will slow money supply growth caused stock prices to retreat for awhile yesterday, but by the end of the day shares had returned to the levels at which they started the session.
A summer session is held on Wednesdays from 7 to 9 P.M.
The 1,839 paying customers had hardly settled into the Forum's seats before Breland began working his long-armed jab, spoiling the battle plan of the Texan, who had hoped to get under the jab and work Breland's body.
Technical Center in nearby Pomona.
Briegel covered him last season in the first division playoffs in Italy, where Maradona plays for Napoli.
In the summer of 1943, the sublime and the profane, as always, marched hand in hand.
''I am keeping their names off the record,'' she said, ''but I can say that they were very senior representatives.''
VIOLET CLAY ($5.95), the story of a failed artist who finds redemption after her uncle's suicide, has a ''narrow conception .
Hila and Taher, the co-leaders of the group, ask that the teen-agers divide into pairs or threes to spend four or five minutes finding things they have in common.
Speaking on television this morning, General Ramos said that ''pockets of resistance'' remained but that ''99.5 percent'' supported the new Government.
He was an alumnus of Livingstone College in Salisbury, N.C., and of the Howard University Medical School in Washington.
In the first game at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, Manhattan (1-11) led by a point three times in the first half, but failed to contain the Bruins (5-5) down the stretch.
Miss Noschese's documentary, her first professional effort, leaves no doubt about her affection for the women who have been rallying their neighbors in behalf of such amenities as street lights, bus service and police protection.
United States officials reportedly want it pushed still lower to help Japan play a more prominent role in stimulating the world economy.
Whoever finds a solution to it will have made a real choreographic breakthrough.
Exchange rates could be the instrument for commanding monetary growth and interest rates.
Before that, he was a consultant at Peat Marwick, the Big Eight accounting firm.
''He is thoroughly ticked off.''
He identified a boy with the same tendencies that he had as a child.
A year later, sales came to $598 million, of which a decidely untrivial $350 million was spent on Selchow & Righter's game.
Innocent mistake when you are distracted but, alas, he is a repeat offender.
''Premature,'' said the owners, H. Jerome Berns, brother of one co-founder; H. Peter Kriendler, brother of the other co-founder; Florence Kriendler, a sister-in-law, and Sheldon Tannen, a Kriendler nephew.
Add Melvin Lowe to the roster of strongmen who have fallen from power in this season of democratic rebirth.
So that audiences who go to the theater just for fun are not frightened away by the lofty appellation ''artistic,'' let it be said straightaway that ''Candide'' is a grand night - or afternoon - of singing entertainment.
One of the convention workshops was led by Dan Dorsey, vice president of Nexus America, a consulting firm in Columbus, Ohio.
The introductory chapters not only give a good idea of the specific problems concerning the Beethoven sketchbooks, they also give an idea of modern musicology at its best.
And even though four decades have passed since the Ryan children spent their summers in the country, the children this year will have much in common with the Ryans.
Most of India's 14 million Sikhs live in Punjab and form its majority.
In addition, Mr. Wilson expects the trade deficit to improve, debt-burdened consumers to continue spending and the Federal Reserve to lower the discount rate another half a percentage point following a very weak first quarter in 1987.
They perpetually question whether they have the physical stamina to prevail on the stage.
I take it all back about splitting the pie; everyone should get a second opinion.
sicked on Nick around the end of 1984,'' Mrs. Daniloff said, referring to the Soviet intelligence and internal security agency.
Skillman, N.J., June 23, 1986 The writer, director of the Princeton Brain Bio Center, was president of the Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Mr. Kaufman, who had been organized the same annual outing for a number of years, apparently was the only one in the group to understand that language.
The prize for the offensive player of the week is one week's use of a new Mercedes.
Perhaps the most important and far-reaching result of the strong yen, many economists believe, could be a structural change in Japan's economy, making it less dependent on exports for growth.
For the final coat, feather the compound out carefully to blend it in smoothly with the surrounding surface.
But all the listener could do, once the printed argument was absorbed, was to lend his ears and hope.
The show, whose run has been extended through March 16, is a shrewdly conceived blend of pop-gospel intensity and sleek Las Vegas glamour.
In the decades following World War II middle-class Americans embraced the kindergarten movement, and tens of thousands of private kindergartens came into being to serve their children.
Rodino Expresses Concern Representative Peter W. Rodino Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, expressed concern today about the handling of asylum claims.
Only a few young members of the Kisan group objected; they appeared to be treated with disdain by most of the other Indians present.
Still, there is Brazilian food and Brazilian ambiance here, and a more diverse musical policy suits the generous catholicity of Brazilian culture itself.
Officials said that at a meeting of the Domestic Policy Council Friday Mr. Reagan formally agreed to what one aide called ''a concerted campaign'' against drug abuse.
's role as the sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people.
Among the speakers will be Charles DeMarco, archivist for Essex County, and Wayne T. McCabe, a professional planner and preservation specialist.
So any bill that would be insulated against a pocket veto has to reach President Reagan's desk by the middle of next week.
His engagement opens tonight, with performances scheduled at 9 and 11 o'clock.
Average sale time had dropped from 62 to 53 days.
The doctors have offered to help pay for these improvements from the wage hikes in the three-year package they are seeking, but management negotiators have replied that the costs of the improvements must come from the one-year 3 percent raise they have proposed.
What might have happened to that opportunity, if it existed, no one seemed to know, for he was known to be fearful of losing his postal job, a fear some believe set off his rampage.
''It is certainly one of the best programs in the country,'' said John Moore, a spokesman for the department.
The Pellmans do not scrimp as much as some balletomanes.
''I think he feels the rest of the club expects him to do everything, every night,'' said Sonny Smith, the Auburn coach.
''The guy's real nice,'' one student advised others as he emerged from an interview.
''The Africa we see today is largely the ruins of that past.''
''When I was 14 years old, I became a school patrol officer,'' Lasorda tells his players.
The official, Richard N. Perle, who is an Assistant Defense Secretary for International Security Policy, said the Soviet signals came through diplomatic channels before the House of Representatives called on the Administration on Feb. 26 to submit the 1974 treaty to the Senate for approval and to negotiate a comprehensive test ban with the Soviet Union.
Finding time for technical rehearsals on stage is difficult.
Down in Greenwich Village Down on the sidewalks of Greenwich Village, more than 300 artists and craftsmen will show their works from noon to sundown tomorrow through Monday and on the following two Saturdays and Sundays.
His final score came on a 4-yard pass from Gabianelli.
Remove from the oven and cool.
''There can be no reconciliation without remembrance.''
He said it was ''quite obvious'' that the Parking Violations Bureau ''did not do any checking'' on the armored car company.
Thanks to Reagan and Others Mr. Orlov's release with his wife was part of the arrangement under which the Russians freed Nicholas S. Daniloff, Moscow correspondent of U.S. News & World Report, and the United States released Gennadi F. Zakharov, a Soviet employee of the United Nations whose arrest on espionage charges in August led to a superpower test of wills.
Service Merchandise, $300 of senior subordinated notes due in 1996, NR/Ba-2/B+.
#15 New Mills and Estates Mr. Yulo said the traditional sugar estates were badly affected by the intrusion in the 1970's of about 15 new mills and estates built by close political and personal associates of Mr. Marcos.
''It's just a very long way from the hills of Alabama, and a long way from the early days of the civil rights movement,'' he said as he raced between caucus meetings and seminars on Capitol Hill.
Miss Berzin, a certified public accountant, is an assistant manager of the audit division in the investment banking division of Citicorp.
* Awarding a $1.24 million grant to help pay the salaries of Vietnam veterans hired by builders of low-income housing, a move designed both to find jobs for veterans and to subsidize construction.
Although the film doesn't ignore the more unpleasant aspects of Wagner's character, including his rabid anti-Semitism, the treatment suggests, in its eagerness for a measure of sympathy, that perhaps Wagner's inflated estimates of himself were justified.
The case is scheduled to go to trial next week.
For a complete rundown and details, the number is 536-8782.
''Who would buy a winter coat this early unless she loves it?''
Jack L. Salzman, who follows Chesebrough for the First Boston Corporation, said: ''Phillips was a surprise.
Hence the title of the book, ''Misadventures of a Fly Fisherman.''
Both forms are legitimate art.
The source apparently enabled State to learn that the military itself doubted the official version of the burning.
He said in a court brief that his office was not prosecuting Mr. Zaccaro on drug charges because his mother is Geraldine A. Ferraro, the former Democratic Vice-Presidential candidate.
Scrub oranges with soap and cool water to remove any surface dust or wax.
's computers of different sizes are incompatible, unlike the VAX models, which share a common architecture.
The Interior Department and the Department of Agriculture announced today that they had completed plans to exchange with each other more than 24 million acres of rangeland and forestland in the West and had submitted the plan to Congress.
Because we depended a lot on the pass, we were concerned about the weather.
Cousineau's contract, worth a reported $500,000 a year, would have to be picked up by the team that claims him.
He finished second in both the Ben Ali at Keeneland and the Lousiville Breeders' Cup after making late charges against front-running winners who set slow paces.
The Yale Divestment Campaign, formed by 20 student groups last fall, includes on its agenda ''questions of institutional racism on campus and in New Haven,'' according to Matthew J. Countryman, a senior from Philadelphia who is on the group's steering committee.
Someday Mr. Mokae, who would not reveal his age (''I'm as old as Methuselah but not as old as he is,'' he said, pointing to Mr. Fugard) would like to return to his homeland, to start a drama school for blacks.
It said, ''The residents of 6221 Osage were armed and dangerous and used threats, abuse and intimidation to terrify their neighbors and to bring about confrontation with city government.''
It is out in the harbor, on an island, where it faces out to the sea, and it performs a gesture of welcoming.
Box 1146, Annandale, Va. 22003.
''They're not a better team,'' Huber said.
Enthusiasm for It Wanes Although the President and Nancy Reagan have occasionally made appeals on behalf of children needing transplants, Mr. Reagan's distaste for Federal regulation dampened the White House's enthusiasm for a national network.
''What you are seeing is the realities of a new Union Carbide being conveyed to the world.
Although she proclaimed at 19 that ''I don't want my life to obey any other will but my own,'' she in fact spent much of her life - from 1929, when she and Sartre met as students at the Sorbonne, until his death in 1980 - as the closest companion of Sartre.
It helped, of course, that the singers were in close contact with one another, a condition that brings the listener into the performance far more successfully than when the singers are taking pains to aim their voices out into the house, hoping to make a connection somehow.
''Patriotism, not expedience,'' she writes, ''sustained the academic community's willingness to collaborate with McCarthyism.''
The furniture in Sotheby's sale was markedly different from what is usually offered in New York auctions.
''After we lost so horribly in Buffalo on Friday,'' referring to the 5-1 defeat, ''I spent all day Saturday thinking about that and how we let it happen, and how we wouldn't play that way against Detroit.
Phony or not, many of the drawings have drawn desirous stares from customers.
The stories that dump could tell.
Then there is flawed organization.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Mrs. Thomas Cashin of New Canaan, Conn., and Vero Beach, Fla.
Mr. and Mrs. Milton K. Harkrader Jr. of Weston, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Nina Elizabeth Harkrader, to Dr. John David Meyer, a son of Dr. and Mrs. John A. Meyer of Syracuse.
expected the local managers to continue G.M.
The companies' optimism about the business-plane market has drawn a skeptical response from some in the industry.
Twice as many women as men in that age group enrolled last year.
Enforcement has already been suffering.
''The universities are in a very difficult bind, indeed, and there are almost no further sources of funding to which they can turn.''
But it welcomes recent proposals from both the U.S. and the Russians.
''A lot of corporates came in, bought yen and sold dollars,'' said David Arbesman, a first vice president at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. ''That dragged everything else along with it.''
As administrator of King Philip IV's private apartments in the Alcazar, Velazquez had, among much else, to oversee the cleaners, check the supplies of firewood, look to the servants' bed linen, replace the rush mats when they got too worn and act as a high-level travel agent when the royal family was on the move.
Pork futures turned around, he said, because they had been down for the last several days and were due for a rebound.
Floyd said he enjoyed Shinnecock ''because this course is a traditional one.''
In the second game, Steve Trout and Rick Anderson both became victims of a hitting bee.
Insofar as the agreement points toward a Dublin-London condominial model, it is ill conceived and deserves to fail.
Under the agreement, the budget is no larger than it was when the Mayor proposed it in April, but the board and the Council made $32.6 million worth of changes, offset by cuts and some new fees and revenues.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But we never really thought about how long it would be before we'd be old timers.''
Meanwhile, in the mill, workers are getting on with their lives and management is trying to heal the wounds, Mr. Guimond said.
A collision at the start put him behind in the first leg.
4 be followed by no applause whatsoever, and that the audience leave in thoughtful dignity.
Such figures mar the mythology of Atlanta.
Make a few at a time, until there are 12.
You will see a garden urn reproduced from the one in the Buckingham Palace garden where he photographed the Queen Mother.
''They make such a difference to me that I can't read them.''
But he reinjured his shins in that race, ending his season.
Within the White House it is called, simply, ''the Deaver thing.''
Though potassium iodide is currently available over the counter, Mr. Kessel said it ''does pose a risk for allergic and sensitive consumers.''
Michael McAuliffe, the 110th Precinct squad commander.
Applied to canvas, it is sooty and opaque; washed onto marble, it becomes a veil of sepia.
A few years ago, the emphasis was on the clerical workers who operate computers and sort paper for banks.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Logic and analysis can lead a person only part way to a profitable decision,'' he writes.
Dabbling with his Velcro kit has been fun, says Mr. Neymotin, who is a nuclear mechanical engineer.
They were 16-2-1 last year, but they were eliminated in the first round by Columbia.
When Mr. Duvalier and his family and retainers left Haiti Feb. 7 for exile in France, their wealth was estimated at between $100 million and $800 million, but there was no immediate information on how much might be in the Swiss accounts.
The 72-70 triumph by Holy Cross over LaSalle was its first victory in the tournament since it joined the conference three years ago.
''The deal is done; we are the new owners,'' said Joseph Bernstein president of the New York Land Company yesterday afternoon.
Ragnar Ulfung as the Italian Alfred is more of a puzzle.
With 'Kids America,' you can participate.''
Still, no end is in sight in the war between those who want the new hotels and those who do not.
The main thing with President Reagan out of the competition, he insisted, will be the records and the results rather than the rhetoric at that time.
Mr. Nielsen told the House of Commons today that he knew what went on in the Liberal caucus meeting because wires had been crossed on an electronic system being installed between the committee rooms.
''My God, they are not supposed to be punished before they go to court,'' said the judge, Walter Jay Skinner, referring to defendants.
If the winner of the final is not a winner in its division, then a fourth race would be necessary among the three winners to determine the champion.
The propaganda included long daily stories from the camps of Louis and Schmeling.
In Brazil's ''Rey de Rio'' (''King of Rio''), two bookies in a numbers racket concoct a scheme and face the revenge of their former employer.
Total public elementary and secondary school enrollment increased by 244,428 pupils or five-tenths of a percent between the 1983-84 and the 1985-86 school years, her report says.
Boston's Dennis (Oil Can) Boyd, facing the Rangers for the first time since he struck the Texas catcher, Don Slaught, in the face with a pitch last Saturday in Fenway Park, was the winning pitcher.
And he swims quite a bit to exercise a hip made stiff from surgery.
The pasta options are light and imaginative, and include farfalle with five vegetables, as well as taglialini with shrimp and radicchio.
A Federal bankruptcy judge has rejected a motion by lawyers for the ailing Kendavis Industries to throw out a reorganization plan offered by banks that are owed more than $500 million by the Fort Worth conglomerate.
The works are scored for flutes, panpipes, stringed instruments and percussion.
b-Includes a gain equal to 5 cents a share from a change in accounting methods for pensions.
'' Several details were provided by Congressmen after a briefing on the plan during a private White House session where Mr. Reagan lobbied for the increased assistance to the insurgents.
Not only do I get to see all the plays from two games, I have choice to stay with the more electrifying contest.
''It may lessen the criticism, but it may not lessen the influence,'' said Felix Gutierrez, a professor of journalism at the University of Southern California who has written extensively about Spanish-language communications companies.
The Yankees were one of the four teams that rejected his proposals, including the most intriguing - a one-year contract with the salary to be determined by an arbitrator.
Fund-raising activities are planned, including auctions and a concert at the farm.
Forty-seven of those stations are network affiliates.
''My goodness, the architecture, the history, the ambiance - there may be no other place like the Griswold Inn in Connecticut,'' he said.
We advance the promise of opportunity every time we speak out on behalf of lower tax rates, freer markets, and sound currencies around the world.
Too bad that the Titans, generally quite reliable, suffered two failures in a row.
''Paul can warp the game any way he wants - telling you to take it in slow motion, telling you to speak gibberish - and it's fun to have the rules warped all of a sudden when he changes the whole format.''
''Continental 19th-century furniture is much grander in feeling than English Victorian, which tended to be overly cozy and bourgoise,'' he said.
Both Congressional proposals are designed to complement a package of relief measures put into effect last Friday by the Reagan Administration.
''In the past,'' he went on, ''no major tenant would have considered Seventh Avenue - I would have been picked up and thrown out of their offices bodily.
Mr. Huie was a newspaperman in Birmingham; editor of The American Mercury, a literary magazine, and a chronicler of the violence and trauma in the South of the 1960's.
Seen in the Best Restaurants Statistics fail to tell the entire story.
b-Net income The latest periods' results include provisions for loan losses of $328.2 million for the quarter and $380.4 million for the 6 months.
That flurry of moves helped the Rangers tie George Steinbrenner as the champion changer in-season during the 14 years Steinbrenner has owned the Yankees.
Mr. Russo said the calls offered no clear motive for the tampering.
Afraid of Retaliation The woman, like most of the handful of others who have gotten through by phone, told the travel agency she was afraid of Soviet retaliation and wanted to remain anonymous.
''But by no means do we imply that it will block all the effects.''
The National Conference teams who have missed out are: the Giants and the St. Louis Cardinals in the East Division; the Detroit Lions and Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the Central; and the Atlanta Falcons and New Orleans Saints in the West.
''What's happened to the Sunday joint, Welsh lamb second to none?''
Cooking time will depend on thickness of fillets.
The added money came from Sunkist and other local sponsors, not from NBC.
When I left Mr. Kim, I saw the uniformed and plainclothes police around the street, noting who went in and out, and making sure to be seen.
The answer recommended treating them as annuals or starting new plants from seed in winter.
In the years since, he has been defined, sometimes realistically and sometimes cruelly, as McEnroe's doubles partner.
It also includes such niceties as a scholarship fund in Jordan's name and a 12-day annual, expense-paid working vacation to promote Nike around the world.
All the defendants had pleaded not guilty.
The commission action came on a petition filed by the Consumer Federation of America, which asked that methylene chloride be declared hazardous.
And he wrote to the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service telling them of his plans.
An investigation by the university concluded that grant funds may have been used to buy a truck for the village Mr. Mosher was studying.
Herb Williams scored 18 of his team-high 27 points to help the Pacers to a 49-25 lead midway through the second quarter.
At one point, according to a United Press International report on the Iranian account, Mr. McFarlane told Iranian officials that troops were standing by to rescue him in case he did not return from Iran by a certain date.
This Sunday there will be a sampling of peaches and peach desserts, vegetables are the subject for Aug. 17, and on Aug. 24 visitors can learn about free-range chickens.
Another enticing Sunday option is to cross the Tappan Zee Bridge and head up to Woodstock, N.Y., where the 71st season of Maverick Concerts is in full musical swing, and recitals are scheduled every week at 3 P.M. through the end of August.
''While advertising revenues softened somewhat in December, newspaper operating profits ended the year with a substantial gain,'' said Stanton R. Cook, president of the Tribune Company.
Much of the state's case was based on the testimony of Mr. McKinnon, 43, a former sheriff's detective in Cado Parish, La.
Named chief operating officer in 1978, Mr. Vitale became president and co-chief executive officer in April 1985, sharing that unusual title with Mr. Wolfe.
For a year or more, William R. Matix and Michael Lee Platt slipped undetected between dual worlds of light and shadow.
He worked as a construction safety instructor in British Columbia before his arrest in 1983.
Were we to look a bit closer to home we would see a large potential for abuses in our voting procedures.
Any special legislation would require a two-thirds approval in both houses to make the law take effect immediately after it is signed by the Governor, the spokesman said.
But today, it added, to most Americans it ''connotes low or lower calorie content.''
#8.Open up one of the heart shapes on a flat surface.
Elizabeth Holtzman, the District Attorney of Brooklyn, said she did not think she could raise the money needed for the race, and Geraldine A. Ferraro, the 1984 Vice Presidential candidate, said she did not want to run while the Justice Department was continuing an investigation of her Congressional campaign finances.
''I think he's somewhat free-form and somewhat erratic in his work habits, but he's very, very talented.
Miss Noska is the Broadway Baby of the avant-garde, a flamboyantly extroverted singer and dresser (lots of ornate jewelry and Edward Goreyish makeup) on a new-music scene given to polite plainness.
Kinesin is not particular about what it moves.
All were convicted for their role in organizing the hijacking.
Sometimes, in the recent sales, the prices were so steep that even the ''comfortably well-offs'' and better, who were willing to spend between $100,000 and $200,000, were unable to bid successfully.
When one is spending government money, one is not entitled to the luxury of a laissez-faire environment.
Otherwise, he appears to be the same easygoing person he was before he arrived in Raleigh.
That's the first time I ever did that.
Helen, whose thoughts this mostly third-person narrative mostly follows, has already tried and left two homes, those of her childhood and first marriage.
He is now an antique doll expert and acts as an adviser and appraiser.
The reading is shown on a liquid-crystal display.
Western Union filed a restructuring plan in which it would issue new debt securities and common stock in exchange for all of its outstanding debentures and notes.
It won the Pulitzer Prize in 1947.
''The Soviet Union is in solidarity with the Libyan people, standing up for their sacred right to freedom and independence from imperialist encroachments.''
Among shorter maturities, 10-year notes were yielding about 7.17 percent late in the day, while two-year notes were at 6.47 percent.
Observers also point out that in many cases what private corporations want is not so much proprietary information as a ''window'' on the research going on in their fields.
Underneath the carpets of the morning room and Rainbow Room, death-watch beetle did its work so effectively that the floor had to be replaced in 1976, using oak from trees planted on the estate 350 years earlier.
Mr. Aronwald, a former Federal prosecutor, said he had refused to allow Mr. Burnett to be questioned by the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan because prosecutors there declined to specify what help they would give Mr. Burnett in return for his cooperation.
Joseph Fornabaio, who organized the Manhattan unit and works now in the 24th Precinct detective squad.
To the Editor: In regard to your article on a hole in the ozone layer over the South Pole (Science Times, July 29): On a social occasion not so long ago one of NASA's meteorologists told a group of us that ''the tremendous amount of ozone displaced and presumedly lost into space upon the launching of every space rocket was one of the best-kept secrets of NASA.''
Failing to give tests, he said, denies job security to provisionals, advancement to other city workers, job opportunities to outsiders and the assurance of having the best public servants for the taxpayers.
The music stand on his piano, which is usually empty - a normal circumstance for jazz musicians - is now stacked with sheets of paper.
Phyllis Benedetto, a municipal bond analyst at the Empire State Municipal Exempt Trust, a unit investment trust sponsored by several New York-based securities firms, said disclosure about the possible redemption of the bonds ''was circuitous and could have been more direct.''
Hospital disinfectants are used to clean floors, walls, beds, table tops, medical equipment and certain instruments that are inserted into the body.
We used him, and he used us.
The most remarkable thing about the poll results, he says, is that although some opinions have changed over the years, most of the answers have stayed pretty much the same.
The House bill would raise corporate taxes by more than $140 billion over five years, while the Senate bill would increase corporate taxes by about $100 billion over the same period.
The couple's parents are Mr. and Mrs.
Some writers come to Venice to submerge themselves in their own pasts.
Are those who have been afflicted with AIDS to be called ''victims''?
Powers Unlike Any Others' After brief laughter, Mr. Fried explained that the Comptroller General's ''sweeping powers'' under the 1985 Act to cut spending throughout the executive branch, including the power ''to give orders to the President himself'' to put the cuts into effect, were unlike the powers of the Federal Reserve or any other independent agency.
We welcome debate on productivity and how American industry might more effectively compete.
The evidence: It's a black-tie event with tickets at $1,000 each, and everyone invited has been asked to provide a birth date and Social Security number, which are used in security checks.
The new boldness was set loose by the American bombing raid in April, according to many of the sources.
and cleanup (Superfund) of toxic materials.
The Midgetman has become a favorite of Congressional advocates of arms control, including such liberal Democrats as Representative Les Aspin, Democrat of Wisconsin, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, and Senator Albert Gore Jr., Democrat of Tennessee.
Republicans also began selecting their state convention delegates this week, but by tradition, most of them are uncommitted at this stage.
''I was drawn to this country by what I thought was the greater challenge of Wall Street,'' he said yesterday.
The remaining question is what prompted Mr. Doubleday to allow the release of information that indicates he is willing to sell.
The Senate Finance Committee, which only two weeks ago seemed determined to write a worse code, is now considering a dramatic shift that comes close to true reform.
Mr. Schonwald, a senior partner in the New York law firm of Schonwald Schaffzin & Mullman, graduated from Columbia College and the Columbia University School of Law.
Among other things, Srejber was told, ''Wake up, you turkey,'' by a fan who has never had to stand on the other side of the net from Becker.
Mr. Jennings, who received a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, lives in Moreland Hills, Ohio.
For one thing, he would like to spend more time raising his roses, 31 varieties.
In instrumental interplay and especially in accompaniment writing, they show profitable observation of Debussy.
Over the years he has served as a director of a number of major corporations.
George F. Bardes performed the ceremony at St. Thomas More Church in New York.
A passenger ferry's five-week trial run between Brooklyn's old Fulton Landing and Manhattan's Pier 17 last fall enticed seven companies to bid for permanent service.
Japanese: * * * Makinose, 1532 Union Turnpike, New Hyde Park, 326-2299.
Sohn has had a less glamorous career.
''I wouldn't know how to change if I tried,'' he said.
And watch out for the ones who come on like Dale Carnegie.
''My predecessor arbitrarily imprisoned tens of thousands without charges, for merely opposing or criticizing him,'' she said.
Ballot Initiatives Defeated The sharpest losses for the anti-abortion movement came with the defeat of ballot initiatives in Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Oregon that would have restricted access to abortion.
An official of the Island Helicopter Service of Garden City.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz, who was once a professor, used his appearance before the House Foreign Affairs Committee today to teach the Congress and the country a little about the way the country is and is not governed in the Reagan era.
He joined The News in 1976.
But they also had three right-handed hitters coming up and the 6-foot-6-inch Lee Smith coming out of the Cubs' bullpen with his righthanded heat and his 16 games saved.
Ethiopia was rebuffed in the 1970's when it tried to regain funds of the deposed Emperor Haile Selassie.
The report was developed by comparing a list of active aviators against the National Drivers Registry, a compilation of millions of motorists whose licenses have been suspended or revoked in the last 26 years for driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
''If the major companies decide to dramatically reduce prices, the retailers will, too,'' he said.
Addabbo (D) A A 7.
The Japanese still said no.
Even though most of the other Broncos live close to the city, Jones and his wife, Kathy, and their four children live on a small ranch outside of Denver in a northern suburb that has no name.
The price: $1,455 at the current exchange rate.
The errant shot allowed the Bucks to gain an exciting 113-112 victory that moved them into the Eastern Conference final against the Boston Celtics.
Now he's the Vikings' starting left tackle.
The gleaming toasters and irons, the temple-like Bakelite radios and bullet-shaped vacuum cleaners are full-blown examples of a utopia envisioned a half century ago by advocates of progress through machines.
'On Automatic Pilot' Some analysts said that the absence of many traders during the holiday season might have fostered the credit market's single-minded focus on forecasts of lower rates.
I wish I could have accomplished more that I can't do now, but c'est la vie.''
Reference books, microscopes and magnifying glasses aided the experts in their appraisals.
These experts also said the Government was planning to tighten its control of the country's three universities by creating a unified universities council headed by the Minister of Higher Education, and by giving the minister the power to directly run the universities through three appointed directors.
''She returned home under her own power,'' an official said.
The officials said the President's endorsement would come when he meets here with Prime Minister Brian Mulroney of Canada on Tuesday.
More commercial fishermen are also joining the chase for tuna and for other previously underutilized species, such as squid, as more conventional species have become scarcer.
An autobiographical account of his conversion is to be published in the spring.
Mr. Raimond said conversations were taking place with ''those who could exercise influence,'' meaning, apparently, countries like Syria and Iran.
He was known as a friend of artists, and had a strong interest in kinetic and light art, and in the late 1970's began to collect the work of neo-Expressionist artists such as David Salle, Julian Schnabel and Robert Longo.
'I'm your brother, and that's the only way we can talk - on terms of equality.'
It is a phenomenon that happens every day, and especially with sports programming, it happens too often, to where the phenomenon has become a cliche.
The pace of reef walking is quiet but absorbing, the equipment minimal and the danger slight.
''He is a great hitter who just hits.
The primary victims of an economic boycott of South Africa would be the very people we seek to help.
''I don't do scouting reports.
Auto Racing Busch Clash, at Daytona International Speedway, Daytona Beach, Fla. (Television - Channel 2, 1 P.M.) Basketball East vs. West 36th annual N.B.A.
If you're a youngster in Texas, with heroes like Paul Scofield, Robert Donat and Michael Redgrave, what's the next step?
''Today's event was meant to prove a point about populated centers,'' Mr. Ocampo said.
's monopoly over telephone service in the United States.
''And that much money for an 8-year-old!''
Of 117 graduates in 1982, 17 were in business administration; last year they accounted for 46 of the 120 graduates.
''You sneeze, you get a cold; you get a cold, you get pneumonia; you get pneumonia, you die.''
''I felt as if I was drunk.
''But the policies of the Administration are having the opposite effect.
Mr. Beggs is known to have strongly urged the White House not to appoint the agency's Acting Administrator, Dr. William R. Graham, as his successor.
They neither cohere nor do they fight each other, and though their apparent randomness evokes the sign logjams in strip towns, they lack even the order that automatism yields.
The European Community, concerned over the possibility of radioactive contamination from the nuclear power plant accident in the Ukraine, tentatively agreed today to ban imports of fresh fruits and vegetables from seven East European countries, But there were indications that the accord could fall apart because of lingering opposition from Italy.
He said the use of soft body armor was credited with saving the lives of more than 600 officers since it was first introduced in the 1970's.
But the politicians did him in.
He is a graduate of the Kinkaid School and the University of Arizona.
For more information and reservations, call Dr. Jack George at (203) 488-2370.
One single collection combined many of these elements yesterday, when the Missonis presented a multiplicity of fashion choices in an ebullient outpouring of brilliant colors.
Millburn $95,000 406 Millburn Avenue *2*4-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 50-year-old colonial; *2*pull-down attic stairs, enclosed porch; taxes $1,378.
An ancient artist had polished it and begun to drill a hole to make a pendant, but then abandoned the effort.
William E. Dangel, divisional director, remarked.
Here a Rembrandt, there a Titian, everywhere something to see, but by the time you've gotten to the end of the corridor, you're not sure where you've been.
But in the everyday round, it was not hard to become persuaded that these dangers were no worse than the muggings and riots then considered to be the standard fare of American cities.
Or arranged for a Tampa doctor to examine him?
Maurice Mayberry, director of the Career Resource Center at the University of Florida, said, ''Presidents of corporations are saying in their speeches that what we need is the broader, well-rounded individual, but the recruiters are still calling for the hard sciences, computers, business and agriculture.''
It was timed to explode at 1 A.M. today, an hour after the tower closed.
The centerpiece of the last will be a $125 million supercomputer project aided by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Their ministers had exhorted congregations to ''throw the sword into the scales, and leave the issue to the God of battles.''
''It was important to say there is another kind of Catholic Christianity which respects human freedom and reason, and has room within it for diversity of expression.''
Results were broken out for the businesses that will become Premark.
''You see, seven, eight moons ago I became aware of an evil presence here.
Mr. Bingham, the scion of a prominent New England family, is a graduate of Yale and the Boalt Hall Law School of the University of California at Berkeley.
Until about a year ago, the F.A.A.
c-Includes a gain of $194,000 for both the quarter and 9 months.
''And now we give 'em hell,'' he shouted.
Yet 74 percent say they feel at least some sense of common identity with others who have disabilities.
The top of the head was strangely flat.
California 17, Stanford 11 BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) - Mike Ford set up California's first touchdown with a 61-yard reception and later ran 47 yards to score on an end-around play as California (2-9, 2-7) gave departing Coach Joe Kapp one of the biggest upsets in the schools' 89-year series.
Today the 34-year-old Mr. Gavri is a husband, father and successful Washington businessman.
A separate goal of the observations is to spot radio emissions from a supernova, or cataclysmic star explosion, within the Milky Way.
Mr. Soliman, who currently is an executive vice president at Grace in charge of the restaurant group, will lead the buyout, along with other Grace executives and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. Grace, which is in a divestiture program, plans to retain a 49 percent interest and realize $500 million from the buyout.
As Winfield trotted between third and home on his home run, Andujar had a similar message for him.
A graduate of New York University Law School and American University, Mr. Heimbinder is married and has four children.
And certainly they exist only with his willingness and acquiescence.''
The transport was scheduled to fly on to Santiago, from where the bodies would be sent to the United States.
With Roger McDowell pitching for the Mets and one down, Wallach outran a single to deep shortstop, but seemed to be the front half of a double play when Vance Law followed with a grounder to Howard Johnson, who had stayed in the game at shortstop.
Seen more and more on the shelves of wine shops in London, Paris and New York are Bordeaux from communes or towns or subregions such as Listrac, Moulis, Cotes de Blaye, Bergerac, Lalande-de-Pomerol, Montagne-St.-Emilion and Fronsac, among others.
MIDNIGHT 'COWBOY' Insomniacs, Sam Shepard fans and others will be interested in the midnight performance tonight of ''Cowboy Mouth,'' a one-act rock ballad by Mr. Shepard that is being performed by the Colleagues in Art Theater Company.
The father has defeated the daughter, driven her inward.
Jennifer Josselson, Christie's prints specialist in New York, said that at the Chatsworth sale ''the majority of the buyers were American collectors, dealers and institutions.''
Fascinated by attractive people whose mundane rituals of daily life seemed to be hardly less artistic than their temple dances or their music, American and European intellectuals saw in Bali a latter-day earthly paradise.
In the ''ABC'' mounted from the holdings of Boston's Museum of Fine Arts, Ms. Mayers has selected an 18th-century brocade from India with an Op-artishly dizzying zigzag pattern for Zz, and Renoir's definitively rug-cutting ''Dance at Bougival'' for Dd.
During the period ended yesterday, assets of taxable money funds increased by $3.16 billion, to $203.1 billion, Donoghue's said.
Many public health officials and scientists say the warning of a cancer epidemic has not come to pass.
The words struck ringside reporters as hollow-sounding.
The industry consensus is that a high-quality dramatic series - on the scale of, say, NBC's ''Hill Street Blues'' - is unlikely to make its debut in syndication anytime soon.
She was swept off her skis by the release of water that caused a violent current near the dam.
In its report, the commission used the word ''pornography'' to mean material that was ''sexually explicit and intended primarily for the purpose of sexual arousal.''
(Television - Channel 4, 4 P.M. Radio - WHN, 1050; 4 P.M.) Basketball Bucks vs. Boston Celtics, at Milwaukee, third game of Eastern Conference championship series that the Celtics lead, 2-0 (Television -Channel 2, 2 P.M.) Boxing World Amateur Boxing Championships at Reno.
Homemade barbecue sauce will keep in the refrigerator for several weeks - longer if the mixture is simmered 10 minutes, then cooled and refrigerated.
But on Jan. 7, at a later White House meeting, the issue of providing arms to Iran again rose, and Mr. Reagan has said that on Jan. 17 he approved a secret finding allowing such sales to take place, despite the continued opposition of Mr. Shultz and Mr. Weinberger.
They and other injured players will try to emulate Rick Reuschel, who struggled with a shoulder problem for three years, then returned remarkably with Pittsburgh last season, finishing with a 14-8 record and a 2.27 earned run average, fourth best in the National League.
CBS was a couple of blocks away, on 52d Street.
Before Ravel came the most interesting offering of the concert, the First Symphony (1951) of Henri Dutilleux.
Though not long in the post, Judith Younger was named Syracuse University law dean as far back as 1974.
French Health Minister Michele Barzach, who received the Committee's report today, said the Government would immediately accept its call for tighter licensing of artifical insemination centers practicising test tube fertilization.
Although he ran once before for Governor, winning only three counties in a 1978 loss to Fob James, Mr. Hunt served as an elected official only in the eight years he was as a probate judge in Cullman County.
''I'm trying to be too fine with the ball, putting it in perfect spots rather than just letting it go,'' Whitson said.
Chester Lee himself is a marvelous creation of such scruffy magnitude he makes your head itch.
The foundation is celebrating its 15th year of aiding the police by buying bulletproof vests, providing fitness centers for officers and supporting the mounted unit and bomb squad.
But he said the sergeant's testimony also differed from that of witnesses who, Mr. Porcaro said, had ''no motive to lie.''
The committee said another case, which occurred in Albay Province on Dec. 13, was not a cease-fire violation because the perpetrator was a ''criminal element,'' not a rebel.
That plant is owned by the Department of Energy and was then operated by the National Lead Company of Ohio.
It was also at these monthly meetings that Yagur paid Mr. Pollard in cash.
With their comprehensive knowledge of American trash-culture, Sonic Youth has retooled garage-rock for the 80's.
The committee has also asked the school to negotiate with Patterson about a tax exemption.
There were many conversations centering around herself, her emotions, her past and her feelings about the obligatory nude scene.
TH TH TH Wrapping up his few things, and slinging his bag of tools onto his shoulder, he was on his way down the stairs when a man who identified himself as Colonel I. TH P. Bodyansky, the red-mustached head of the Secret Police in Kiev, with several other officials, fifteen gendarmes wearing white looped cords across the breasts of their uniforms, a detachment of police, several plainclothes dectectives, and two representatives of the Office of the Chief Prosecuting Attorney of the District Superior Court, about thirty in all, rushed up the stairs with drawn pistols and swords, confronting the fleeing Yakov.
They suggest that it could take two years to put into effect.
All they have is talent.
Walesa Kissed His Hand In one of the illegal publications put out by Solidarity, a book titled ''Konspira,'' Mr. Borusewicz, 37 years old, described with humor and self-criticism his activities while he was in hiding.
The two-ton gridders groan and gripe, just as smaller fellows do when presented with this order.
Rabbi Pearl speculated on some of the things that might have been in Mr. Manes's mind in recent weeks.
It is widely believed, for example, that in return for agreeing to a 32 percent minimum wage increase in January, the C.T.M.
Bubka also said he has had to make adjustments to the wooden runway.
David F. Moore, executive director of the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, says the commission's environmental vigilance has slacked off over the years.
Smiles spread above chins shiny with brine as we recall when our daughter was 5 and announced that she wanted to marry the dog.
He will be available, he said, to write occasional speeches for Mr. Rostenkowski, but he wants to devote most of his time to running the country inn he and his wife own in Paris, Va., right off the Appalachian Trail 50 miles west of here.
The Street's newest professionals are the ''rocket scientists'' and ''quants'' -oftentimes former academics in the pure sciences of mathematics and physics - who search for new ways to apply the computer to all sorts of problems: creating mortgage-backed securities, minimizing transaction costs, timing the sale of huge volumes of stock to maximize profits.
Mr. Fisher, a graduate of the Dalton School and Harvard University, is the executive vice president of Fisher & Levy, corporate caterers in New York.
The concept of how regional theaters operate as seedbeds for new plays, ideas and techniques is being explored in a series of lectures organized by the Museum of American Theater in New Haven.
For example, he did not glorify free enterprise or unrestricted competition, which he thought threatened higher moral purposes - ''the habits of the heart.''
Under the less restrictive tax exemption, it was able to lobby for conservative issues but it could not support individual candidates in any way.
For example, we engaged a director called Mike Alfreds to direct 'The Cherry Orchard.'
Titania's duet with a nameless cavalier shows off her own imperious character.
Mr. Johnson had originally leased the space, at the corner of Atlantic Avenue and Nevins Street, for a commercial sign.
The beauty of the commoners' curiosity is that, like the royal family, it carries forward, Mrs. Lund explained.
Within hours of the release of the commission's findings, Mr. Castille announced the formation of a special group in his office to review the evidence and recommend whether a grand jury should be impaneled.
Mr. Frates counters that the preferred stock's current value -roughly two-thirds of its redemption value - is fairly priced.
He and others estimated that, by now, hundreds of humans have received the hormone in medical studies throughout the world.
Then the project was approved by a community board and city agencies.
''The interest has been and will be paid.
The council, whose members tend to have good contacts at home but not a lot of authority, also admits members who were less than heads.
The sister company in Los Angeles was formed in 1980, and Miss Cunningham was serving as its board chairman at the time of her death.
Studies by Dr. Luce and others have documented what they say is a permanent, largely completed shift in the Philadelphia metropolitan area away from conventional manufacturing to a post-industrial economy based largely on services and information.
Pitching in my own backyard, and maybe I'd never have that chance again.
But somehow, he says, Americans do not (or will not) hear, see or read about human rights issues.
5 for soprano and eight cellos; the Prelude ''Modinha'' from the ''Bachiana Brasileira'' No.
Documents filed in connection with the suit, however, show that approximately 98 percent of the commissions charged by agents in a six-year period during the 70's were 6 percent, and many of those that were lower involved agents' selling houses for builders.
* Centronics Data Computer Corp., Hudson, N.H., has named Stephen D. Weinroth chairman, succeeding Thomas G. Kamp, who was named to the new position of vice chairman.
Officials indicated that Nancy Reagan and key aides were concerned about the length of the trip and that this was one reason the foreign ministers meeting will take place in Bali.
Nothing quite prepared Virginia Reed for the reaction she got when she took up race-walking last year and, in training excursions around her Upper West Side neighborhood, adopted the sport's exaggerated, hip-swiveling gait with its long, bent-elbow arm swings.
Often, the only thing to do is prepare a rum-laced fruit punch, find a good book -an early Thomas McGuane novel, maybe, or a collection of Tennessee Williams stories, something with the right mood of sweet-smelling, tropical decay about it - and lie naked in a deck chair on the veranda until dusk.
The Justice Department's chief spokesman, Terry Eastland, said that the Attorney General was not informed at the time of any other connection between secret negotiations with Iran to help free the hostages and efforts to supply the Nicaraguan rebels, known as contras.
Sleeping gear for the entire trip can be rented for $15.
From New Jersey Port Norris: New Jersey oyster beds have been devastated by the oyster parasite, MSX; Port Norris is one of the few places left from which oysters are harvested; plump with a bland but pleasantly brackish flavor.
A longtime gallery favorite, Chi Chi Rodriguez, was tied for second place with Bill Glasson at four-under 68.
In the case of corrupt activities by a public official, however, the statute of limitations may be extended to 10 years.
Cameron Grant was the piano soloist for ''Interplay.''
After taking a job as a secretary, she was accepted in a writing program at George Washington University, joined the Capitol Hill Poetry Group and sent off poems to Pudding Magazine, 13th Moon, Minnesota Review and other ''little'' magazines.
Sunday At 1 P.M. Carnival Parade from the Caribbean Culture Center, 408 West 58th Street, to Damrosch Park.
On the New York Commodity Exchange, gold for current delivery was $348.70 an ounce, up from Friday's $341.
The story must have truth in it.
Computer graphics applied to NASA photos from a variety of cameras in this sequence again placed the smoke puffs in the 270- to 310-degree sector of the original smoke spurt.
Draws Begin at Noon Room draws begin at noon daily.
Symbols of Afflicted No longer do the worshipers purchase wax models of the limbs or organs they prayed the Madonna would heal, as they did into the 1950's.
''Unfortunately,'' she said, ''many teen-agers get swept away by their feelings and end up pregnant.''
It's always a delight to discover a new artist who has something to say, some substantial insight to offer.
Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. David Povich of Washington of the engagement of their daughter Johanna Celia Povich to Timothy Lake McDonough, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard C. McDonough of Mantoloking, N.J. Miss Povich, a development associate for the Easter Seal Society for Disabled Children and Adults in Washington, graduated from the Holton-Arms School and with the class of '84 from the Boston University School of Public Communication, as did her fiance.
Though finally defeated in 1492, the Moors left behind a strong cultural influence still reflected in Spanish language, food and music.
G.E.C., led by Jim Prior, the company chairman, who is a Member of Parliament and former Cabinet minister in the Conservative Government, contended that both Nimrod and Awacs planes would defend Britain effectively but that the Nimrod also ''will defend British industry.''
But environmental concerns were important in creating the state's two regional planning entities, the Pinelands Commission and the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission.
A task force of Asian-American community leaders, including several judges in the San Francisco Bay Area, has also charged administrators at the Berkeley campus with feeling ''that there are too many Asians on campus'' and trying to shift some of them to other universities in the state system.
Ken Adderly, a swift outfielder from the Bahamas and Florida International University, once heard Rod Carew say that a hitter should be good to his bat if he expects his bat to be good to him.
''Now I am Big Brother,'' said Joel Rawson, executive editor of The Herald Leader in Lexington, Ky., who was metropolitan managing editor of The Journal-Bulletin when it began accumulating its computerized copies of mortgage records.
''I stepped out and told myself to try something new,'' Strawberry said.
''Mostly, women get very attached to their coats,'' said Stanley Shulman of Alixandre.
The game, which was followed by a fireworks display, attracted 73,303 fans.
's concerns, he said, but he declined to specify others.
But it's not just charwomen and tennis greats who yearn for more.
Still, the connection is tenuous, for Barcelo is a figurative artist who makes paint his primary medium, even though he drags it across canvases seemingly pre-strewn with string, cigarette butts and sheets of paper.
The box office opened at 10 A.M. yesterday and by 1 P.M. it was sold out.
James Glass, president of the union's Council 25, suggested binding arbitration after the rank and file rejected the contract.
But Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward has said that cocaine use by some officers is a symptom of the rising acceptance of the drug in society and is not a widespread problem for the department.
The financial instability of some of the league's 12 teams and overspending by others are among the league's major problems, according to many of the owners and general managers here.
The United States Agriculture Department announced today that, despite drought in the Southeast and a sharp cutback in plantings nationally, the 1986 grain harvest was shaping up as the second largest on record, after 1985.
Stock and Bond Gains Cited Some analysts also cite the so-called wealth effect, sharp gains in stock and bond portfolios, together with fresh liquidity from refinanced mortgages as likely to provide the stimulus for faster growth in the third and fourth quarters.
The resolution reiterated Mr. Gorbachev's call for ''profit-oriented methods of management,'' changes in the system of government-fixed prices, and the introduction of incentives that will tie wages more closely to productivity and sales.
Don't you realize who you are?
The state rooms can be visited: the entrance is at 1 Residenzplatz, and guided tours start every half hour from 10 to 11:30 A.M. and from 1 to 3 P.M., Monday through Friday.
Meanwhile, it offers a unique opportunity to watch a neighborhood in the making - ''that place'' before it becomes ''the place.''
But the plan continues to call for cuts in all offensive nuclear forces while banning defenses, which means it remains at fundamental odds with the Reagan approach, which is built around the introduction of defenses as most offensive forces are destroyed.
The index itself only went up 13.6 percent.
Bail, set at $50,000 for each defendant in a pre-arraignment hearing two weeks ago, was continued.
Lee, of Carol City, Fla., was acquitted Jan. 14 on a a rape charge filed by a Minnesota student.
They also point out that since the mid-1940's political power in Jamaica has alternated between the two leading parties every two terms.
That is to Peking's advantage.
stock, one of the day's most active issues, with 3,6 million shares changing hands, fell 50 cents, to $24.25, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at that point it becomes clear that Pennzoil is going to attempt to require Texaco to do something that's impossible.''
''The climate is changing, and this is a move in that direction.''
He is the ''foundation'' player sought by Frank Cashen, the Mets' general manager.
I'm afraid to go to school now, I don't want anyone laughing at me.
The vaccine, to protect American troops from the virus, was produced by multiplying cells taken from the lungs of a Rhesus monkey fetus.
Tewksbury's failure to stay in the game despite a hefty lead merely symbolized the Yankees' pitching woes this season.
In sending the case back to the Washington Supreme Court, Justice Marshall also left open the possibility that state aid for Mr. Witters might be independently prohibited by the Washington State Constitution.
The Administration has pulled back from a proposal, which was supported by some State Department officials, that each side simultaneously reduce the number of underground nuclear tests it conducts each year as the number of strategic arms is reduced.
Plum Torte #1 cup sugar 1/2 cup sweet butter #1 cup unbleached flour, sifted #1 teaspoon baking powder Pinch salt #2 eggs #24 halves pitted purple plums Topping: sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon.
The Moiseyev company and a Ukrainian troupe founded by Pavel Virsky with Nikolai Bolotov were the first professional folk companies created in 1937.
To bolster this stand, the International Committee of Passenger Lines, an industry group, recently announced that, effective Nov. 1, unannounced semiannual inspections would be conducted for the lines by the National Sanitation Foundation of Ann Arbor, Mich., a nonprofit research, educational and service corporation.
Transit officials last night had not determined why Officer Treadway was in Brooklyn when he was supposed to be on duty in Manhattan.
MAMARONECK - Firemen's Carnival 7 to 11 P.M. today through Saturday, Harbor Island, Route 1.
Next year, with the political status quo intact in the House, the two sides are thought likely to move swiftly and in concert to discard any request for military growth.
After a 36-year reign, Walter S. McIlhenny, the company's fourth chief executive, died a year ago at the age of 74, and Mr. Simmons, 57 years old, assumed control.
South Africa wants the Congress's activists handed over, and diplomats in Maseru say the new regime, led by Gen. Justin Lekhanya, commander of Lesotho's 3,000-member paramilitary force, will adopt a less hostile attitude to Pretoria than Chief Jonathan.
Mr. Gelb succeeds Seymour Topping, 64, who was appointed last month to be director of editorial development for The New York Times Company's regional newspapers.
''Polyester,'' for example, referring to a fabric made of plastic fibers, is still equated with inexpensive clothing, even though polyester can be found in the most expensive of garments.
Also, the facade of the Spanish-style stock plan did not suit us at all.
At the Webster Branch on York Avenue, readers like biographies of ''people from various ethnic groups who suffered - like war or the Holocaust -came to New York, worked hard and became rich and famous,'' said the branch manager, Sandra Beye. ''
He was the 127th soldier to die while serving with Unifil since it was deployed in southern Lebanon eight years ago.
''Roofing the Right Way'' by Steven Bolt (Tab Books Inc., Blue Ridge Summit, Pa. 17214; $11.95, paperback).
A common superstition found in many garden books and based upon European conditions is incorrect for the Northeast.
Today, when the politicians and most of their supporters had drifted away, several hundred militant young people from an original group of about 1,000 squared off against rows of helmeted, shield-carrying officers who had emerged from side streets.
The machine weighs in at 140 pounds.
How could such a thing be, one man asked?
The right leg of the ''Reclining Nude'' seems to swell and vibrate with life.
In all, 16 deaths as a result of truck-related accidents have been reported this year on the freeways in the seven-county metropolitan area, up from 12 in all of last year.
Shearson Lehman Brothers International will also go strongly into gilts, capitalizing its trading unit at more than $50 million because ''major institutional customers around the world are all trying to cut down the list of firms with which they will do business,'' says Jacques P. Gelardin, Shearson's chairman here.
Was he determined to avoid the overtones which hung about his contemporaries; in Hardy the romantic-pastoral (Yeobright, Oak, Winterborne, Everdene); in Meredith the flamboyant-aristocratic (Patterne, Feverel, Wentworth, Beauchamp)?
Mr. Karami says he had hoped the Cabinet discussions would produce a consensus on political changes and thus render the boycott unnecesary.
The appointment, which had been expected, means that Miss Navratilova will be returning to her homeland for the first time since she defected in 1975. .
Mrs. Lloyd said part of the improvement came during the six weeks she spent away from the tour before this tournament.
What is listed as crabmeat on the menu is the seafood product called surimi, but over fettuccine in a creamy dill sauce it is fine.
Mr. Strauss disputed that junior lawyers had handled the case.
At the time, he already was under some restraint in spring training because he had two operations on his right shoulder last year.
History classes will re-fight the Battle of Antietam through computer simulation.
He is working through Sunday with a first-class rhythm team, Ron Carter on bass and Al Foster on drums.
''He asked me, 'Without reservations?'
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms said the search for the two kinds of contamination were unrelated.
Federal officials, while also hoping for release of more trust fund money, replied that airlines were continuing to schedule more rush-hour flights at busy airports than could be accommodated.
The ring, according to a company spokesman, is ''approximately the size of a half dollar.''
Her husband is a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. George Anderson of Wilmington, Del.
The artist said he sued the magazine but settled out of court after a judge suggested his case was weak.
I'd gone to acting class with all these people, and if someone had asked, 'Who's going to be the first one here who will be picked for a lead role in a movie,' I don't think I would have been the one everyone pointed at.''
Some parents regularly ask their children about their homework out of sincere concern, only to end up in an ugly power struggle.
She spoke of a scholarship fund in her husband's honor.
The choreographer Antony Tudor, 77, a charter member of what is now the American Ballet Theater.
Next I entered ''2 CCM,'' for two June cocoa contracts.
previously convicted on narcotics charges and sentenced to four years in prison in 1952 .
The Postal Service also gave its approval.
The Baghdad radio said President Saddam Hussein of Iraq returned to the capital early today after visiting the army on the front.
Over all, in almost two years of violence and protest, more than 2,000 people, mainly blacks, have been killed in clashes with Government forces or among blacks.
It can't be a lack of motivation.
Deferring park maintenance ''seems to ahve a geometric effect,'' said Philip J. Campbell, chief ranger at the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, which has much of its land in New Jersey.
Spears of medium thickness are fine.
Stockpiles Are a Concern Some say that in the rush to get business done, firms have had to stockpile high levels of securities from their corporate clients in their own inventory - a practice that could boomerang if the markets turn downward and these securities plunge in value.
First choice dinner - Same Nighttime snack - Ice cream Sweet tooth - Chocolate truffles Favorite drink - Bourbon Current reading - ''Mr.
Today he insists that aspiring manufacturing managers at Chrysler start as foremen.
The 28-year-old director has plans for many projects, including an opera by John Adams that should have an interested audience if it ever reaches Washington.
''No German court will ever again deliver a sentence against a member of the tribunal,'' Mr. Scholz said.
At Sarah Lawrence, Saturday at 8 P.M., Daniel Paget conducts the Westchester Chorale, with Baroque orchestra and professional soloists, in the Bach ''Magnificat'' and Haydn's ''Lord Nelson Mass'' (969-5786).
* 2 THE WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK OF FACTS 1986.
''President Marcos could have been listening, too,'' said Lieut.
Mortgage-banking companies earn their money primarily by ''servicing'' mortgages: collecting payments each month and distributing the proceeds to mortgage investors, insurance companies and tax collectors.
Asphalt Erupts in Flame The last time lava from Kilauea reached the sea was in 1974, several miles west of the current flow.
That is why Sam Nunn's point is more than parochial.
Although only half of Bergen County's 490,437 registered voters cast ballots, 116,031 voted for the change and 70,331 opposed it.
And so the National Theater was born.
He would tell them to 'go home.'
The city has provided a haven where the airline has been largely immune to challenge from other major carriers.
For the last two days, Mr. Marcos has gone on the air repeatedly to scotch rumors that he fled the country.
It stops at Cartier and at Bulgari, where Mrs. Marcos is said to have bought $1.4 million in diamonds, emeralds and rubies.
He says he would replace the present ''embarrassing proliferation of courses and programs'' with a core curriculum required for freshmen and sophomores.
Only officers and firefighters are covered.
Noise consists of vibrating airwaves we hear as sound.
It began with an ominous note in my mailbox: ''I have been fixing the roof across the street.
management was keeping Brandon Tartikoff, president of NBC Entertainment, from quitting television for the movie business.
Visitors can amble along the two-mile route through the little city, which occupies five acres, and view two and a half miles of railroad, an airport, canals, a port and hundreds of Dutch landmark buildings, such as the Dome Tower of Utrecht, the Royal Theater, cathedrals, palaces, town halls, museums and villages.
''We had box-seat stubs from old games and covered up the dates,'' he said.
Indeed, Shatner had to resort to Rodgers and Hammerstein lyrics to describe what happened when he first caught a glimpse of them.
''The onus must be on those who don't want sanctions to tell us what they would put in their place to bring about the demise of apartheid,'' he said.
The legislation is sought by intelligence and military officials, who described the Soviet effort as part of an effort to acquire Western technology for military and commercial uses.
The meeting between Sir Geoffrey, and Mr. Tambo, the movement's president, took place at the Foreign Secretary's official country house in Kent and lasted almost two hours.
It didn't make it easy, but my job is to give us the best opportunity to win and I felt that's what I did.''
#18 Years in Government Mr. O'Rourke's choice is expected to be ratified tomorrow by a Republican State Committee nominating session in Syracuse.
There are 30,000 monks in Mandalay alone, supported with their huge eggs of begging bowls by much the same number of households: one in 20 is a monk.
''Overnight, People can look a lot like Continental.''
With fewer than seven, they are is exempt.
Another top Republican, John C. Danforth of Missouri, who heads the subcommittee's parent, the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, said there appeared to have been ''a dramatic reduction in quality assurance personnel'' at NASA, judging from figures supplied to Senator Albert Gore Jr., Democrat of Tennesssee.
Or take, in our own era, Pierre Bonnard, who was obsessed with painting his wife, Marthe, in her bath, where she seemed to have spent a good deal of her life.
Elizabeth Taylor, whose life has proved to be as big as the screen her gorgeous face has filled for more than 40 years, was honored last night at the annual tribute of the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
He shows the soul of his adopted people by revealing how they use their hands.
A number of astronomers have suspected that most of the comets now forming an unseen cloud far beyond the outermost planets were originally orbiting the sun near the present orbits of Uranus and Neptune.
When New Haven took over the Shubert, ''its intention was to keep the lights on,'' Ms. Lisi said.
Presented by the Lincoln Center Theater, Gregory Mosher, director; Bernard Gersten, executive producer and American Music Theater Festival.
''It was more than a fragrance, it was an attitude, and the advertising reflected it without defining it.''
I spoke with a teen-ager just released by the police after spending several days in detention for his part in a student protest.
Proponents can say the economy's slow growth requires a stronger push from monetary policy, especially with Gramm-Rudman budget cuts ahead, while opponents can point to the higher inflation rates reported for the fourth quarter.
He is at 211, five shots under par for three rounds on the Butler National Golf Club course.
Our own poet of signs and symbols, Robert Frost, made the American case once and for all in ''Mowing,'' one of his earliest and most subtle poems - ''The fact is the sweetest dream that labor knows.''
His response is a polite but firm refusal.
Another Bishop Assailed In reply, Cardinal Obando described the Foreign Minister as ''a frustrated and bitter person'' and said he would pray for him.
Since Type I diabetes begins in youth - about 13,000 new cases occur each year in people under the age of 20 - few doctors consider the drugs a good solution.
From a leader who had shown little inclination for such exercises in the past, diplomats found it somewhat jarring to hear talk of American ''monopolistic totalitarianism'' exposing the world to ''avalanches of stupefying misinformation''.
Russian is being taught instead, the two-sentence dispatch said.
Commissioned by the presidents of a number of street railway companies as the last word in noiseless operation and speed, it was capable of traveling 42 miles an hour, compared with other trolleys whose top speeds were from 25 to 35 miles an hour, according to William Riccitelli, a museum associate.
Dale Pierce of the Bell Gardens police said the records indicated that the shooting stemmed from an azrgument in which Mr. Davis asserted that the neighbor's children had thrown rocks at his truck.
Understandably, then, except in such rare cases as Uruguay's Broad Front, which includes most of the country's leftist factions, voters are often confused by the array of parties and messages.
Two followers of the far-right conservative Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr., both political unknowns, won election upsets in the Illinois Democratic primary Tuesday.
Mr. Allen followed Maris's career right up to the end, conducting the last interview granted by the ailing ballplayer.
'Centers of High Activity' ''There are centers of high activity where beams of dust are coming out of it,'' said Mr. Keller of the comet's nucleus.
People familiar with his testimony said he had told the panel that President Reagan gave advance approval for Israel's sale of arms to Iran.
These courses are always in fine shape, but more than that they are in just about the same condition year after year, so you get really familiar with them.''
But nobody has seen ''Arsenic and Old Lace'' on Broadway since the 1940's, where it ran for years after opening in 1941.
Tickets are $8, or $6 for students and the elderly.
Shrimp dabbed with a tangy blend of garlic, mustard seeds and curry are preferable.
But it's only possible when a medium is under financial pressure, and that usually occurs with a broadcaster since he can't drop an unneeded page and time passed is time lost.
that he gave one of his players, John (Hot Rod) Williams, and his mother $200 after the Williams mobile home was destroyed by fire two years ago.
Tomorrow, films showing Ince's work as director include, at 2:30 P.M., ''The Lieutenant's Last Fight'' and ''Custer's Last Fight.''
Admiral Inman, the former director of the C.I.A., helped form MCC in 1982 as an innovative consortium to compete with Japan in high technology.
Case Dates to 1980 Lawyers and church officials could not recall a similar contempt-of-court ruling with such stiff penalties against any major religious organization.
But what Meese really wants is the total repeal of the Supreme Court's 1966 Miranda v. Arizona decision, which requires the police to inform suspects of their constitutional rights, and its 1961 Mapp v. Ohio decision prohibiting the introduction of evidence obtained without a valid search warrant.
For President Marcos gets the lion's share of television politicking, but Mrs. Aquino gets the throngs.
''Badger Land, Mogambo, Groovy and Zabaleta have run better numbers, and several horses with improving numbers could run faster than Snow Chief has ever run, like Ferdinand, Wheatly Hall, Wise Times and Bold Arrangement.
''A lot of them are making plans to cremate their bodies because they are afraid of ending up in cardboard boxes, paper sacks and plastic bags,'' he said.
In preparing for her role as a blind woman, she spent two months at the Braille Institute meeting blind teen-agers.
To the Editor: Professor Eisner suggests that ''the deficit would be knocked down by a third to a half'' if the Federal Government would exclude capital expenditures from the profit and loss statement.
Rather than calling on the people for help, Chief Justice Burger would be better advised to call on his Court colleagues to enforce Article I, Section 10, of the Constitution.
He envisions aqua pogo centers and saltwater pogoing.
''Women are often reluctant to take home repair courses with a mixed group because they feel somewhat intimidated,'' said Ms. Weinbaum.
b-Includes a net gain relating to a reversion of surplus pension funds of $43 million, or 24 cents a share, for both the quarter and 6 months.
He added, however, that ''it is our commitment'' to eventually free all detainees held under three decrees Mr. Marcos used to imprison a wide range of opponents on charges of subversion, rebellion or sedition.
There's an irony here, too, for the results, in sum, are as variable as they were last summer, when the players were nonunion members.
But Baryshnikov says there is ''pain every day,'' onstage and off.
First, many of the President's Congressional opponents will attempt to use Iran as a means to lessen his power to conduct foreign policy.
Among the goofy games that followed were the U.S. Toobing Olympics, contested on a river by teams of 10 men and women in inner tubes, and the Natural Light Championship Salad Toss-Off.
But I do not feel lonely, although strangers on the street feel compelled to feel sorry for me and say that maybe next time I'll have a girl.
If Thompson had treated the man with anything like the casual diffidence he lavished on the poetry, there would have been no struggle and very likely no biography.
''He's the only client I've ever had that I felt was capable of doing it,'' he said.
''We realized that they were no longer looking out for us,'' Mr. Patterson said of farmers in other areas of the country.
As a practical matter, he said, running for President is a full-time endeavor that has to be begun years before an election, and he could not run for Governor and then run for President.
What makes me different from them, almost to a man, is that they are depressed by their circumstances and in despair about what they consider a dim future.
And at the same time a doubt came to my mind: could I possibly be wrong?
A low-key ceremony at Fort Sumter in Charleston, S.C., today will mark the beginning of the Civil War 125 years ago.
But in that case, he said, the submarine would probably have sunk and the radiation would be so diluted by the ocean that it would pose no danger to the East Coast of the United States, more than 1,000 miles to the west, or to other lands.
It asserts that the blend, which is 43 percent saturated fat, ''compares well'' with other products ''like the solid shortening you may use at home,'' which averages 35 percent saturated fat.
The Irish turned down, by more than a 3-to-2 margin, a measure to end the ban on divorce.
The second employee called drug agents, who set up two deals with Mr. Hovey and arrested him the second time.
They wonder if they have sacrificed a life's career for a few years with a child who will grow up and leave home.
That 3-year-old colt, owned by Petelain Stables, took the sixth race at Saratoga on Aug. 8 and paid 134.80.
Backed by Reagan The House and the Senate, after cutting off military aid for more than two years, narrowly approved the $100 million after a sustained lobbying campaign by President Reagan.
In arriving at this conclusion, the commission reviewed in detail all available data, reports and records; directed and supervised numerous tests, analyses and experiments by NASA, civilian contractors and various government agencies, and then developed specific failure scenarios and the range of most probable causative factors.
Player then hit a 9-iron approach onto the green about 15 feet right of the pin.
Reports of Hostages' Location It had been widely reported until today that most if not all of the hostages were being held in eastern Lebanon's Bekaa region, a center of Shiite fundamentalist activity and an area that is assumed to be under the control, at least in principle, of a force of some 25,000 Syrians.
The asking of Mr. Hisham Nazer, Minister of Planning, to carry out the functions of the Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources in addition to his post.
After the session, Mr. Wagner said, ''The meeting was interesting and frank, and we think productive.''
The proposals now go to the Board of Estimate for final approval.
In school his best friend is the victim of infantile paralysis.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The police said Mr. Ramirez owned such a pair of shoes, but they were never recovered.
The Air Force has stockpiled seven Titan rockets that are capable of lifting some of the heavy loads to be sent into space.
Until a new pastor is hired, the church will remain closed and its congregation disbanded, according to the Rev.
The recent discovery of a potentially huge oilfield in the Beaufort Sea has heightened optimism about future oil production in the Canadian Arctic, according to Canadian oil industry officials.
Though by Western standards the Soviet system remains sorely deficient in guaranteeing basic liberties and rights, it has come a long way from the random terror of the Stalin era, and a mighty military machine has tempered the fear of war.
As conductor of the Schola Cantorum, which has been a professional chorus since 1953 and has sung with every conductor of the Philharmonic for more than half a century, he judges talent in several ways: ''First, voice, which means a trained voice with good range, good color, that will mix with other voices, because some voices don't mix.''
4 selection of the Mets.
But where the Prince style is usually connected with heavy-breathing come-ons, Miss Jackson is cheerfully standoffish; she asks an errant boyfriend, ''What Have You Done for Me Lately,'' and insists on gentlemanly behavior in ''Nasty.''
He won fierce Hindu Rajput princes to his cause.
''Smith Barney doesn't like greenmail, but we have to play by the rules, and at this point greenmail is not illegal.''
Democratic gains did not constitute a sweep; their gains in the House were well below the average for a party out of power in the sixth year of a Presidential term, and they lost eight governorships, including several, such as Texas and Florida, that could be important in 1988.
No source for the radiation was found, until experts checked his home and found radon levels 800 times higher than the Federal safety standard.
Step A Trade Department official familiar with the investigation declined to say what details were received by the British Government or whether the S.E.C.
Still, should it come to that, I will not waver from the course laid down by your great liberator: ''With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow and for his orphans, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.''
* 8* GARFIELD OUT TO LUNCH, by Jim Davis.
Standard & Poor's Outlook includes chemicals and pollution control in its choices of the ''best-situated'' industries for the coming year.
The restoration began in January, with workers removing layers of grime covering the theater's crystal chandeliers and ornate decorations.
The company's version of ''The Caretaker'' by Harold Pinter, with John Malkovich directing and Gary Sinise starring, will open here Jan. 30, but the preview performance on Sunday, Jan. 19, will be a gala.
''I saw Klecko last week and Mark this week.
Call 801-742-2800 (Snowbird) and 801-649-9739 (Park City).A.
Consider also that the Nets lost by 7 points despite shooting 56.5 percent from the floor compared to 49.3 percent for Seattle.
''But I'm happy that it's still in a place where people will be able to see it.''
Once the idea of indivisible quantities entered physics, it spread rapidly.
After forming an advisory board of 10 female entrepreneurs, the organizing committee began accepting members, each of whom had to be a self-employed business owner who had been in business for a minimum of a year and who operated her business full time.
This week, Mr. Walton took another step toward remedying that situation with the proposed $115 million acquisition of Wm.
He led the team in scoring with 73 points in 1984-85, the season that Herb Brooks, then the coach, moved him into a forward position to take advantage of his speed and accurate shot.
Even when he was playing an Irish street kid on his way to going bad, he personified a zestful confidence and fresh-faced innocence that seemed inimitably American.
As with all commemorative issues, the sheets will be on sale at local post offices for a limited time after which remaining stocks will be available from Postal Service Philatelic Sales Division outlets.
I had already done it -at Cannes, at San Sebastian, at the Semana de Cine en Color in Barcelona - and each time I left certain that earthly happiness could be achieved.
''I could have pulled her,'' he said.
Mr. Navaratnam learned of the immigration agency's decision on Oct. 24, three years after he applied for political asylum in the United States.
The Federal trial of 13 top aides, fund-raisers and associates, plus five political committees and corporations, is not expected to start until at least April 6, but prosecutors and defense lawyers offered a preview last week in two days of testimony in a detention hearing for three of the aides.
''His experience in the war in Vietnam seems to have been very negative because he hated violence,'' Mr. Serrato said in an interview with the Caracol radio chain.
becomes known for those efforts rather than for the occasions when its advice goes against the grain (as when it argued, correctly, that the United States could not win the war in Vietnam).
But he said lower interest rates were ''indicated,'' given the low inflation.
We have taken a liberty with what is known but not so monstrous as to be disprovable.''
The frost-retarding agent considered today is nearly identical to one developed by Advanced Genetic Sciences, a biotechnology company based in Oakland, Calif. Last November the company received the first E.P.A.
''City College was always the place for immigrants to become melded into American society as scholars, scientists, artists and good citizens,'' Mr. Batten said, ''and Harlem is the cultural capital of the black diaspora.''
I, for one, do not take seriously the offers put forward to abolish nuclear weapons.
But he added: ''The Russian policy reminds me so much of a British bathroom where you have cold water and hot water, but you can't mix them together to wash your face.''
Her son, she said, died when fire broke out aboard the Kitty Hawk, a Navy vessel, in 1965.
But families don't break up over questions of politics.
The nearly three-hour opera - presented in Italian with English subtitles - was taped in July 1984 at the Drottningholm Court Theater, an immaculately restored rococo auditorium about five miles west of Stockholm.
Platinum prices opened lower, partly on reports of a major ore discovery near Pretoria that potentially could double South Africa's platinum output.
Meeting With Poindexter The official, Antonio Badini, chief foreign affairs counselor to Prime Minister Bettino Craxi, said in an interview that Mr. Wilson's dealings with the Libyans came up at a meeting with Admiral Poindexter at the economic summit conference in Tokyo in May.
According to this study, at least $8.3 million will be lost each year as a result of such causes as improper uses of the system, security failures, personnel failures and other performance problems.
Held for 24 Hours The men's lawyer, Michael Stokamer, said in the affadavits, ''The police held them in isolation for almost 24 hours under horrendous conditions and took other actions designed to coerce them into making a deal - without their attorney - whereby they would give information about'' a Transportation Department official.
And we've been on the move ever since.''
No Secret for Abdul-Jabbar Abdul-Jabbar's performance against Houston was no surprise considering that he has been especially dominant offensively against the Rockets in recent years.
Governor Kerrey said Federal officials had not given Nebraska enough time to arrange for safe passage.
Eliminating these weapons need not mean that Soviet commanders should no longer fear a NATO nuclear response to a conventional attack.
And, finally, the very process of death qualification - which focuses attention on the death penalty before the trial has even begun - has been found to predispose the jurors that survive it to believe that the defendant is guilty.
Rejected as a World War I enlistee because his heart had only 55 beats a minute instead of about 72, he became an athletic instructor at an Ohio Army camp.
Compromise on Financing Administration officials portrayed the financing arrangement as a compromise that satisfies NASA's desire to construct a fourth orbiter, but forces the agency to cut some of its programs to secure the replacement.
Minor Changes in Pact Expected However, the demand was widely interpreted here as a bargaining chip to offset Iranian demands that greater weight be accorded population size in setting quotas.
He will have a different guest each night during his Ballroom engagement, and his first was Ellis Larkins, whose delicate, floating backgrounds for Mr. Alder spun off into brief and charming solos on their own.
So a decline in the use of copper in radiators has not affected the overall use of copper in automobiles.''
Keith Hernandez did not expect to unseat Steve Garvey, the 10-time all-star, from the starting first base position on the National League team.
Miss Howe removes herself from current and future productions of the play.
Mr. Johnson, in his interview, took a relatively sanguine view of the outlook for the economy, which the Fed's Open Market Committee predicted last week would grow by 3 to 3 1/2 percent in 1987, up from 2 1/2 to 3 percent this year.
If your local dealer has more than one grade, buy the better one.
When Mr. Malkovich staged ''Arms and the Man'' at Circle in the Square last year, he opted for a conventional approach, shying away from any Steppenwolf touches.
''It was better than nothing,'' Berry said yesterday.
The weather was hideous that night, and a lot of people told me that nobody would come to our concert.
Large Turnout at Funeral The funeral Monday turned into one of the largest nationalist demonstrations held in the occupied territories, with the banned Palestinian flag on the coffin, which was passed over a crowd of 50,000 people.
In the memo, the authority's chief mechanical officer, A. Richardson Goodlatte, tells the assistant chief mechanical officer of the system's South Division, James B. Sullivan, that he was ''totally embarrassed by the apparent lack of productive work in all areas except the motor shop.''
Either dish is not only delectable, but a pleasure to make.
Arizona 206 (206 East 60th Street), Auntie Yuan (1191 First Avenue, between 64th and 65th Streets).
The earthquakes in September that struck Mexico City and damaged some hotels in the coastal resort area of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo also caused a sharp tourism dip for the rest of 1985.
The election of Mr. Gutierrez would bring to 24 the number of aldermen who support the Mayor in the 50-member Council.
Oil stocks remained weak because of falling prices of crude.
The city said that the effectiveness of the program could be challenged and that it was ''unrealistic now to assume a reduction in the city's prison population as a result of this effort.''
The Loudoun County News, the LaRouche newspaper in Leesburg, said the Federal Bureau of Investigation sent ''operatives'' to provoke the incidents.
And by so doing, he reaches the highest pinnacle to which any bad-guy actor can aspire.
The most dramatic accessory was the hair.
The main value to the companies of the oil concessions is the foreign tax credit the companies get for payments made to the Libyan Government.
Concern About Western Ties Another diplomat said that while deflecting criticism might be the immediate goal, the authorities also had to be concerned that the charges against the West not be taken so seriously abroad as to damage relations.
Burt Is Sidelined SUWANEE, Ga., Aug. 10 (Special to the New York Times) - Jim Burt did not work out today as the Giants ended their six-day football preseason trip to Georgia.
Bans long-range cruise missiles on ships.
(Grand Teton National Park, Post Office Box 56, Moose, Wyo, 83012; 307-733-2297 or 415-922-0448.)
Tennis Challenge, at Atlanta, men's final, noon (Television - Channel 2, noon) World Doubles Championships, at Royal Albert Hall, London, semifinals (Television - ESPN, 9 A.M.) Other Events HARNESS RACING: The Meadowlands, 8 P.M. (Television - MSG, midnight); Yonkers, 8 P.M. (Television - Channel 9, 11:30 P.M.) THOROUGHBRED RACING: Aqueduct, 12:30 P.M.
At the same time, more and more corporations are taking on added debt in the form of high-yield ''junk bonds,'' and Wall Street's trading is rapidly evolving into a global market.
The keel also dramatically reduces sideways slippage and allows the boat to turn on a dime.
It said many of the babies remain in hospitals longer than necessary while their parents, with a little training from a nurse, could be caring for them at home and saving thousands of dollars.
As long as he sticks to this position, new strategic arms control agreements are beyond reach while he is President.
When we have said that, it will be understood why those who knew Averell Harriman best admired him most, and why he will be remembered here and in Albany as a symbol of the best in our public service.
The law says nothing about apartment size.
A girl approached him with a promise to buy the video if a certain boy were videotaped, he said.
''It's vital to the public health that the major portion of the watershed land be protected from development,'' Mr. Hayes said.
Anton S. Balasingham, a spokesman for the Liberation Tigers, said in Madras that his group had downed two Government helicopter gunships with rockets in Kilinochchi, a town on Sri Lanka's main north-south highway.
''Perhaps Silver Lake has a ''Silvie,'' Mr. Alexander suggested, akin to the Loch Ness monster.
(It is supposed to have been inspired by Stevenson's own nightmares of a nighttime existence altogether apart from his workaday life.)
Some agents slip money to athletes before they complete their college eligibility; some fly-by-night operators take their cut of a long-term contract up front and then disappear.
To start the airline, Mr. Beauvais, Mr. Conway and eight other partners took out second mortgages and used the credit lines on their charge cards.
The words, vague but menacing, are likely to become the most quoted remark from tonight's program, just as the most quoted remark from the previous interview was the announcement that President Reagan was ''enemy No.
The much-maligned fruit has become the very symbol of excesses practiced in the name of nouvelle cuisine.
The situation is worse in Haiti, which doesn't have a coherently organized government.
Companies Shearson Lehman and a former employee were indicted on charges of laundering cash for an organized-crime gambling syndicate.
''Sure,'' Righetti said later, ''I go through that almost every time I'm out there.
However, several industrial groups managed outstanding gains.
''If I have a bad game, I'll still be in tomorrow.
The exact amount of thinners to add will depend on the effect you want to achieve (the amount of white that is to remain on the surface).
To be chosen, the recipient had to have been born abroad and be an American citizen or in the process of becoming one, as well as having made a major contribution to New York and the United States.
Among other things, the council, which is supported by the United Way and private donors, provides in-service training for faculty and administrative staff members and helps establish programs geared for different age levels in the schools.
A great deal more goes into a good financial analysis of relative costs and values than simply the price.
Where do they get off, teaching that?
Imagine the poor fellow's problems when the Gators run a reverse.
I replied that I thought you use foreign words and phrases in your column because (1) you like to show off, and (2) you take delight in irritating people.
Mr. Cuomo proposed establishing ''opportunity zones'' with state financial help and tax incentives to stimulate economic activity in selected urban areas.
DAWKINS HAS ACCIDENT The Nets said that Darryl Dawkins, who has missed the last 21 games with a back injury, sustained when he fell in the shower of his home, was in an accident last Wednesday, while driving his automobile.
Restrictions on municipal bonds could force the city to halve its 250,000-unit housing program, revamp its garbage-disposal plans and drive up the cost of some bonds by millions of dollars, they said.
A headline on May 5 on the obituary of Esther Tufty, who operated a news service in Washington, misstated her age.
Whenever I inquired as to whether she thought this fatherly behavior quite ''fair'' she would bridle and declare, ''Well, of course it was.
Critics of the study did not challenge its data, drawn from annual reports and other information published by 259 of the country's largest profitable nonfinancial corporations.
Rarely have I seen a restaurant staff as well-intentioned and unremittingly polite as that at two-year-old Campiello on First Avenue at 76th Street.
'A Significant Advance' ''Clients are risking more and more money, so they want to be sure of what the future holds,'' said Laurence N. Gold, a vice president at Nielsen, which started offering the single-source service in Sioux Falls and in Springfield, Mo., a year ago.
But it seems clear that such a broad change would take time.
It turned out to be a relaxing interlude and he returned refreshed.
''These days,'' he added, ''everybody from the general public to the bank to the mortgage seller to primary and secondary securities dealers are using them.
But Mr. Fink and other legislators contended that the liquidation bureau, though it acts under the authority of the Insurance Superintendent, was independent under the law.
''They are no different from other community organizations, groups of Hispanic business people, groups of bankers or whatever that I meet with, on their invitation, on a crowded speaking circuit.
3) The developing countries will seek relief from the effects of falling prices for commodities, on which they rely for economic growth, and from the protectionist practices of developed countries.
''We also played some very tough teams at the start and even when we lost five straight games we were never outclassed.
This is one of the points of the new exhibition at the Center for African Art (861-1200), ''African Esthetics: The Carlo Monzino Collection.''
Sauces and other recipe steps not directly involving the polenta itself should be made ahead.
The Democrats agreed to withhold two of their own votes to balance these absentees.
(Senator) CHRISTOPHER J. DODD (Senator) ALFONSE M. D'AMATO (Senator) FRANK H. MURKOWSKI Washington, May 21, 1986
Chief Buthelezi is viewed by many whites as the least threatening of black leaders.
Even the ingenious chemicals of what's called turf management don't stand much of a chance.
Robert J. Jervas, 40 years old.
Mr. Marcos, his family and an entourage of associates were flown from the Presidential palace by helicopter to Clark Air Base, and from there to Guam and Hawaii, after crowds of Filipinos and military units rallied to demand his removal.
In the text of a statement prepared for delivery Wednesday, Mr. Blanchard said the tuition guarantee program was an effort to ease parents' uncertainty about the rising cost of higher education.
Michael Hedges played a sold-out performance as a guitarist in Tarrytown last year.
Mr. Tetzlaff is expected to argue that Miss Manning entered the house illegally and that the search warrant was based on insufficient evidence.
Manhattan: two cords, $350; one cord, $250; half cord, $200; one-quarter cord, $175.
''For the past several years, our readers - as well as our correspondents from around the world and performers and artist managers - have urged us to once again publish Musical America as a separate magazine,'' William Tynan, the publisher, said.
Among his 20 books were five about Lowell, where he was born in 1922.
And with the plant's 700 administrative and production jobs paying more than others available in this economically depressed area, the workers themselves rarely bring their complaints to him, Mr. Lee said.
The concert began with the Shostakovich orchestration of the Prelude to Mussorgsky's ''Khovanshchina,'' familiar to Metropolitan Opera audiences.
''Our country will not let itself be dragged into a conflict that it has not clearly accepted,'' Mr. Mitterrand said.
Wednesday At 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 P.M. ''Bird Lives'' (1980), with music by Charlie Parker; ''The Last of the Blue Devils'' (1979), Kansas City jazz, with Count Basie, Jay McShann and Big Joe Turner.
[ Page 1, Column 2. ]
Mr. Museveni has expressed contempt for many African governments because of what he sees as their corruption and failure to meet the basic needs of their citizens.
The incoming chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, William Proxmire, a Democrat from Wisconsin, today asked the Justice Department, the Office of Government Ethics and the bank board's inspector general ''to examine Mr. Henkel's conduct in this matter to determine if it violated'' any Federal laws, regulations, procedures or ethical standards.
They are within 6 points of clinching the team competition.
''As a parent or child you really don't think about that when you first start out playing - you never think of your child as part of a talent pool that feeds into colleges, or even to the pros,'' said Kathy Bishop, whose son Steve is a 6-foot-6-inch, 265-pound lineman at the University of Kansas.
Mr. Lyng said the farm bill included tools to strengthen United States exports, which had been weakened because the United States in the past gave incentives to competitors.
Reporting to the annual meeting in Los Angeles of the American Association for Cancer Research, the scientists said high-temperature frying of beef produces at least eight chemical mutagens, substances capable of causing a mutation, or random change, in cells' genetic material.
''There have been no arguments about the substance of the speeches; the arguments have been about the way it is said.''
WHEN the exterior trim and siding of a house start to look dingy or dull, most homeowners think it's time for a paint job.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed the week at 1,930.40, up 1.58. Credit markets were quiet.
Mr. Collier, however, made trades through Scrimgeour Vickers & Company, a London securities firm.
He belongs in a category with Arnold Palmer or Arthur Ashe.''
''I have always given Presidents the benefit of any doubts on vital foreign policy issues.''
To flesh out the details, industry by industry, The New York Times asked its own specialists to look ahead for 1986.
The Kaufman team also identified a natural toxin capable of killing caterpillar-type pests and generated by one of the 3,000 to 5,000 genes in the chromosomes of another common bacterium, called Bacillus thuringiensis.
In 1975, he was hired by Vanderbilt University in Nashville to establish a division of oncology at its medical school; he directed the program for five years while living in nearby Franklin, a quaint town of about 15,000 residents.
Over the objections of the Democratic leadership, the House of Representatives this evening approved a bill to reduce the Federal budget deficit by $18 billion over three years.
''If foreign managers are willing to invest at lower rates of return, they can do a number of things that we can't do,'' he cautioned.
The challenge for the industry is to keep customers buying new undergarments.
There was apparently satisfactory work as a traffic-light technician for Oklahoma City, which he left for reasons that no one seems to know; work in the stockroom of the local American Cancer Society chapter, and a job he held briefly in a radio store.
William and Jo Tolley performed the Presbyterian ceremony in the Union Church of Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
The service is reputed to be excellent, and the food slightly better than in the Phoenicia.
''I was not telling them how to proceed.
Issue Seen as 'Straw Man' Although the speech seemed well-received by the rank-and-file members of the bar association, who gave it a standing ovation, the association's new president, Eugene C. Thomas, said yesterday that he thought the Governor had raised ''a straw man.''
The men who sail her think of her as having a life of her own, particularly if she has brought them through a vicious storm.
Once the patient realizes this, the psychologist said, she may react by extending help to family members or becoming involved in charitable groups.
.R-R2; 33 QxP, B-QB1; 34 N-Q3, B-Q2; 35 Q-N2, yet 32. .
LARS ROOS is described in his program biography as ''probably the only concert pianist who has a diploma as a masseur'' and as a popular Swedish television personality with many albums of salon music and light classics to his credit.
He said he would review this decision and would take ''into acount'' Soviet moves on arms control.
Mr. Marcos said he would protest an Aquino victory ''if there is evidence of massive fabrication of the returns, ballots, massive coercion, intimidation, which could affect the result.''
The show, which benefits the East Side House Settlement in the South Bronx, opens to the public today and continues through Feb. 2.
''We have made substantial progress in collecting the support which absent parents owe to their children, and today we are poised for even more dramatic advances,'' Dr. Dr. Otis R. Bowen, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, said in a statement accompanying his annual report to Congress on the department's child-support enforcement program.
This presumed effect on pre-existing tumors would also explain why, in statistical studies, an older woman who has had no children has a slightly lower risk of developing breast cancer than a woman who gave birth for the first time after the age of 35.
That is the current state of the constitutional doctrine involved in the case, the doctrine of the separation of powers.
''That's a 3 to 4 stroke advantage for those playing Spyglass today and tomorrow,'' Zoeller said.
Since life experiences beyond adolescence are linked to gender, there are male and female versions, both released this year.
Authorities elsewhere in the region report an increase in the appearance of giardia, a bacteria carried by beavers and other animals which, left untreated, can cause severe cases of diarrhea.
The incentive program introduced by General Motors last weekend was, he said, ''less generous than the expiring program and less generous than I, and others, had expected.''
''I never used to get any phone calls about anything.
American Embassy officers have been shot in the Sudan and Yemen, and police action has averted some potentially devastating attacks.
He said in an interview that the Administration's role in the abortion case was ''useful and proper'' and may have contributed to the Court's consideration of ''fundamental issues.''
Scientists have speculated that the material in the rings, mostly ice and perhaps some rock fragments, is the debris from a moon or moons that disintegrated when Uranus was young.
The current chairman, British-born Hamish Maxwell, is a Brooklyn resident (''I don't say Brooklyn Heights,'' he says with a laugh.
''I was working for an independent group in America,'' he said.
The first two months of this year, the figure was 103, according to Lieut.
At the Gary Works he received a series of promotions and within a few years was named assistant general superintendent of South Works, a few miles away in South Chicago.
Gerald Tsai Jr., the former Wall Street analyst and entrepreneur who in the last four years has built a formidable array of financial service businesses at the American Can Company, was named yesterday to succeed William S. Woodside as the company's chief executive.
April 10, 1964 - An Iranian motor launch burns and sinks in the Persian Gulf; 113 dead.
The chief purpose of Mr. Hightower and the organizers of this convention of smaller farm groups, which ends here tomorrow, was to build support behind a new farm program to replace the current one.
He was diagnosed as having suffered a sprained right ankle.
''If only we could find a nice little place to nestle it,'' Jo Ann B. Simon, the Lewisboro Supervisor, had said earlier, but that hope has not materialized.
He'd stick out one finger for a fastball, two fingers for a breaking ball.
He also said he had personal reasons, which he declined to describe.
And that task, they say, often requires sacrificing ideological purity and attracting middleground Democratic votes to form a majority.
''Yard work or construction? ''
Broader measures also set records as prices moved up sharply in the last hour of trading.
Following is the text of a letter from President Reagan to the faculty and students of Concord High School, where Christa McAuliffe taught: Today all America joins with you in paying tribute to the memory of a teacher, a friend, a wife and mother, a leader.
It is by no means small potatoes.
But according to Mr. Lauber the early evidence points to one inescapable conclusion: Mr. Kramer, like an errant driver going the wrong way on a one-way street, had strayed into airspace where he did not belong.
Her gift for understatement, and her sense of humor, give her evocation of Holiday's life uplifting power.
They learn basic principles of mental health, stress reduction and warning signs of teen-age suicide.
'I'm Living It' ''The rigging is beautiful,'' said Janet S. Newbury of Lincoln Park, N.J., who came aboard the Bluenose 2, the Canadian vessel at Pier 40.
Half the time we never find those targets.
can only grant one if the prohibition is ''unduly or disproportionately severe,'' or the applicant's conduct has been such that it is ''not against the public interest to do so.''
All are among the outstanding players of their day.
He is not addressing specialists or ''the politicians who have their own interests.''
The metals involved are copper, nickel and zinc.
To date, 17 pesticides, including aldicarb and ethylene dibromide, either of which might cause cancer in humans, have been found in the ground water of 23 states.
However, Mr. Hart said, and New York election-law experts confirmed, that donors of $1,000 or less could be asked to transfer any unspent funds to a Presidential-campaign account.
The proceedings, as usual, take place at La Mama.
What about the practice of providing part-time jobs to students?
Mr. Mornement's food workers in Mao move food in sturdy trucks to Royondo, and dozens of other villages in this region, to help both adults and children.
''This agreement is outrageous,'' said Dewey L. Trogdon, president of the American Textile Manufacturers Institute.
Yet its chairman, L. William Seidman, remains cautiously optimistic that the banking regulators, through various means of assistance, can keep the situation stable.
United States military and intelligence personnel in El Salvador sent regular reports to numerous Government officials in Washington detailing covert shipments of arms through Salvador to the Nicaraguan rebels last spring and summer, State and Defense Department officials acknowledged today.
While its tone vacillated between the gothic and the comic, the stylized and the naturalistic, the novel possessed an almost incantory power - the reader was drawn into Marit's story by its very strangeness and by the richness and wit of Ms. Arensberg's prose.
Mr. Whitehead was in Ottawa on Wednesday and will travel to Rome Friday.
The question of whether Britain can do without strategic weapons is likely to be a central issue in the general election expected next year on account of Labor's commitment to decommission the Polaris system and send home American cruise missiles.
- what she meant was yogi.''
At least the roof probably will stay in place.
Listed below are the target release dates for major economic indicators scheduled to be released this week.
Advance registration is required at the chamber's office above the Pacific Club on Lower Main Street.
Clark J. Matthews 2d, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, was convicted last year of violating securities laws.
His most notable disappointment came in 1970, when he lost a senatorial primary to Robert A. Taft after the killings at Kent State University, where Mr. Rhodes ordered in the National Guard to quell antiwar demonstrations.
On Thursday, when FMC's stock jumped $6.25 a share, to a record $80.75, on the New York Stock Exchange, there were rumors that it was a takeover target or was preparing a stock repurchase.
The Village Lobster is open daily from 11:30 A.M. to midnight.
To enlarge the musical horizons of our audiences we must first be sure that a new work will engage the interest of the players.
Mr. Naguchi wasn't a bad man at all, Ichiro.
The panel, five of whose members appeared at a news conference in the Capitol today, acknowledged that few of its ideas were new.
Settling the Issue In the second set, Becker was broken in the seventh game, the winning points coming on Lendl's backhand pass down the line and return of service winner.
Maybe it will save others from living a life of sham.
Mr. Thomas, who graduated from Harvard in 1973 and the University of Virginia Law School in 1977, has spent virtually all his journalistic career with Time.
Sept. 10: Pipes completely installed.
Mr. Gibson and 16 others left Intel in January 1983 to start their own computer company as the computer industry began entering a severe slump.
A civil lawsuit filed in San Francisco Superior Court this month asserts that Great Republic Life Insurance has illegally tried to protect itself from AIDS-related claims by requiring a special questionnaire of all unmarried men in occupations that the company says have high numbers of AIDS cases.
It was clear that the manager of the Mets had no desire to pitch Fernandez in Fenway Park, because Fenway is not considered safe for most left-handed pitchers: The left-field wall is too inviting a home-run target for right-handed hitters, and Boston has plenty of those.
The best apple pie is probably homemade, but a few versions that come close can be purchased at bakeries or gourmet shops throughout New York.
Islands Have Aspects Of a Paradise At first blush, murder conspiracies would seem a world away from Palau, a six-year-old republic spread across a crescent-shaped archipelago of more than 200 lush islands east of the Mindanao and south of Guam.
I wonder what misfortune and misery will soon lie beyond those doors, and whether I have the strength of spirit to withstand it.
A firm by that name has a telephone listing in nearby Newburgh, N.Y., but no one answered the phone there.
We wait until he comes around again and asks us if such-and-such has been done.
There have been indications that efforts by some Iranian leaders to improve relations with the United States and other major powers after years of isolation have set off conflicts with hard-line officials opposed to any dealings with ''the Great Satan,'' as Iran calls the United States.
''This year,'' he said, ''I want to eat Christmas dinner at home.''
After nine years of hard work in the Eye Care project, Mr. Carroll said, ''In the words of John F. Kennedy, it may be time to pass the torch.''
Serious Play, ridden by Sandy Hawley, swerved to avoid the fallen horse.
You can be served in a reasonable period of time.
''I'd think the background of some of these people would make it more difficult for them to get financing,'' said N. Richard Nelson Jr., an analyst with Duff & Phelps.
Virtually the entire inner circle of the Bronx Democratic Organization is under investigation by local and Federal authorities as part of a wide net that was at least partly aimed at ''turning'' witnesses against Mr. Friedman, who is being tried on charges growing out of the Parking Violations Bureau scandal.
''The Rainmaker,'' by N. Richard Nash, will run July 11 through July 26 and ''Last of the Red Hot Lovers,'' also a Simon comedy, is scheduled for Aug. 1 through Aug. 16.
After selling as low as $4.50 in 1982, G.P.U.
Rhoden struck out five and walked two before Cecilio Guante came on in the ninth to earn his first save with the help of a diving catch by Orsulak in center field on Ryne Sandberg's sinking line drive.
Life is full of opportunities.''
From there the berries go either directly to market or, more likely, to the processors, There they are winnowed again with gusts of air to remove leaves and chaff.
Cause ol' Vinny's going to get you all the points you need.''
The law producing the huge payments was drafted a year ago in a growing atmosphere of despair over the decline in United States agriculture exports.
Today, the CD revolution is fully upon us, proceeding faster than even the wildest-eyed digital advocates could have dreamed back in 1983.
The secret American arms sales to Iran and the diversion of profits to Nicaraguan rebels show how some of the arms merchants function not only as businessmen, but also as free-lance diplomats whose actions are likely to affect foreign policy.
They're both somewhat low-key in nature, at least, more low-key than Billy Martin.
If ''An American Tail'' were a funnier, less pious film, such thoughts would never arise.
Bird ended the spurt when he finished a fast break with a stuff with 2:13 left in the third period.
Mr. Amichai will read from his ''Selected Poems,'' while Marlee Matlin translates his simple images into sign language.
The final session by Dick Budnik is on wildlife photography - ''a whole different kind of expertise,'' Mr. Gezirjian said.
Bach wrote all seven of his harpsichord concertos for other instruments first, scholars agree, although they do not know what instruments in every case.
King will run against him in the 55-meter dash here.
However, the West German was justified when Miles missed his way through the tactical complications of this thorny opening.
Another might be to sell the Union Bank, which some analysts estimate could bring in $1 billion or more.
Until she was placed on leave Aug. 7, the maid, Anita S. Castelo, had access to much of the East Wing of the White House, including the Reagans' private quarters.
Fish had never been through all that criticism before.
Despite the optimism of thriving congregations, there is a strain of concern about the future of Korean churches.
Mrs. Pratt estimates her group has scattered about 5 million seeds so far this spring - black-eyed Susans, purple cornflowers, Flanders poppies and mountain phlox.
Another shows Colonel Qaddafi kicking a soccer ball.
and D.E.C., and not all customers are sure that they'll be there tomorrow.
As more and more critical information about business transactions, Government operations and individual lives is stored and transmitted by computers, experts agree that the problem of security has become increasingly urgent and often overlooked.
In the air attack on Lebanon, Israeli fighter bombers flew into Lebanese airspace at sunrise, scoring what the Israeli Army spokesman called ''good hits'' on three separate buildings.
Senator Bob Dole, leader of the Republican majority, said that the military was not trained in law-enforcement techniques and that their role should be limited to surveillance of drug smuggling.
This would raise questions in the minds of jurors and could prejudice the case against Mr. DiGilio, the Government said.
Ms. Sliwa had this advice for women on the subject of self-defense: ''Use your elbows, nails, keys, anything.
Stockholders of Baker International, meanwhile, would receive one share of Baker Hughes stock for each share owned.
Officials in Seoul believe that, as viewed by Northern leaders in Pyongyang, the talks would only serve to bolster the shaky position of South Korea's President, Chun Doo Hwan.
''Thoughts During an Air Raid.''
More than 1 in 20 cars and trucks on highways such as the Garden State Parkway and the New Jersey Turnpike (6.2 percent, to be exact) exceed 65 miles an hour, the department said, adding that moderate speeders - those exceeding 60 - make up 1 in every 4 drivers.
Setting minimums for any kind of purchase is legal, Mrs. Cohen says, ''as long as the policy is fairly applied to everybody and as long as the policy is prominently posted.''
b-Net income and after a tax credit of $138,000.
Losses of planes and pilots had to be kept to ''acceptable levels,'' even though inflicting heavy damage on Iran's economic and military infrastructure is a keystone of Iraq's efforts to force the regime of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to accept an end to the fighting, something for which Iraq has been asking since 1982.
In exposure and income Mr. Pavarotti surpasses by light years several tenors whose actual voice and art he may surpass by only a slight margin, or not at all.
Yesterday it was selling at $5.25, down from $7.25 a month ago.
* Twenty-eight percent of American women smoke, as against 34 percent in the mid-1960's.
Her father, who is retired, was president of Ball Publications in Southport, publisher of magazines including Home and Auto, and the founder and publisher of the weekly newspaper The Fairfield Citizen.
The purpose of the patrol, he said last summer, was to observe, document and report illegal border activity in an effort to deter drug smugglers, who he contends are financing Communists in Central America.
Researchers mingle, present results and hope to inspire further inquiry at two-day conference sponsored by New York Academy of Sciences.
Still, with another grandchild about to appear, I am beginning to feel like an idol with feet of clay.
Her name was withheld at the family's request.
Young said it also foresaw receiving a ''highly confident'' letter for $105 million of subordinated debt from the investment arm of a New England commercial bank.
Hours: Lunch 11:30 A.M. to 2:30 P.M. Monday to Saturday; dinner 5:30 P.M. to 9 P.M. Sunday to Thursday, 5:30 P.M. to 10 P.M. Friday and Saturday; Sunday brunch noon to 3 P.M. Credit cards: All major cards accepted.
Aside from medical and health-related personnel and supports, which could be provided under Medicare, they have physical plants that facilitate movement and access for frail and disabled patients.
Military Orders Up The strength in June was led by a 13.6 percent rise in orders for military equipment.
The possibility of failure is as important to free enterprise as the possibility of success.
Both have been preserved in their authentic style and both have handsome contemporary additions, frankly modern but congenial to the streetscape.
After the show, Miss Barrows revealed a less-obvious qualification for working as a backstage traffic manager for models.
Cravath, Swaine & Moore is raising its pay for beginning lawyers by a whopping $12,000 a year - to $65,000 - and in the process is setting the pace for a round of similar increases at other top New York law firms.
The state government postponed the plant's startup until the fall after the Chernobyl accident, but the plant had already been the site of at least two other violent confrontations between activists and the police while it was under construction, and it is thus something of a symbol for the antinuclear movement in this country.
B10 In exchange for housing for low- and middle-income people elsewhere, the Koch administration is offering developers a valuable piece of East Side, city-owned property on a barter basis.
The patrols had been criticized by Hispanic organizations.
The Government inquiry could have scarcely come at a worse time.
Since rents for vacancies are determined by what the previous tenant was paying and what the stabilization guidelines are at the time of vacancy, a new tenant will frequently arrive in the building paying a lower rent that another tenant who came earlier to a similar apartment.
It could be read, in fact, as a giant celebration of Katz's own style.
On variable-rate home equity loans, Bank of America reduced its current rate a quarter of a point, to a range of 9.5 percent to 10 percent, with larger loans getting the lower rates.
Mr. Jarvis ran in several California elections, including a 1962 bid for the State Senate and a 1976 bid for the mayor of Los Angeles.
Central America Effect Feared Mr. Irvine said news organizations thought that ''it's fun to bring down a President.''
In some rooms, floors and wainscoting will be marbleized.
The resolutions were adopted at the end of the first convention of the National Trade Unions Alliance.
Mrs. Goatie made wonderful potato salad.
Badger Land, however, has bloomed since then.
Until then, astronomers using ground-based telescopes had found only five moons.
In 1963 he was named a State Supreme Court justice.
When Mr. Duvalier fled Haiti, the French said they would give him temporary asylum for eight days, a period that ended Saturday.
On the American Stock Exchange, Home Shopping rose $3.375 yesterday, to $71.875.
Usually we're pretty worn down and lately we've been treating ourselves to a comfortable ride home.
Visitors are welcome without charge, although you are advised to ask before switching on your tape recorder.
The editor, Donald Trelford, told The Boston Globe that The Observer obtained the letters from the physicist's stepchildren in Newton, Mass.
According to Professor Stave, the greatest impact of oral histories has come in an area that was neglected until about 15 years ago.
Last week, Goodyear announced that it was considering a restructuring and added that it had asked two investment banking firms to study how to maximize shareholder values.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Murdoch Jr. of Princeton, N.J., have announced the engagement of their daughter Kate Cullens Murdoch to John Worth Kern 4th, a son of Nancy Park Kern of Bethesda, Md., and Judge Kern 3d of Reno.
Mr. Dorfsman also pointed out that people involved with cable piracy are often involved in other types of crimes.
Their preventing one may be the greatest danger.
''The request was made through the accepted channels in the relations and, at the time, we responded,'' Mr. Rabin said in a broadcast.
They agreed, however, that additional measures should be taken to assure that procedures for effective international economic policy coordination be strengthened further.
''I don't know if he's had any symptoms this time,'' Mr. Speakes said.
That's always left to a co-anchor.
It increased its loss reserve by $56 million in the quarter, while writing off loans totaling $29 million.
Dr. Lillian B. Rubin, a San Francisco psychotherapist whose previous books include ''Busing and Backlash'' and ''Women of a Certain Age: The Midlife Search for Self,'' sets out to demonstrate that the Goetz affair reflects the ''madness'' of America today.
Mr. Gandhi, who returned here today from a meeting of leaders of the Nonaligned Movement in Harare, Zimbabwe, reasserted the charge he made Saturday that Pakistan had bungled the assault on the plane.
A major change in the proposed regulations would eliminate the requirement for artists to apply for certification every three years.
A links is a type of golf course, characterized by Sir Walter Scott as ''sandy knolls covered with short herbage.''
Speech Seen as 'Insult' ''This is seen by the United States as an insult both to the United States and to former President Jimmy Carter,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Golden Medallions Each of the 24 received a golden lion's-head medallion on a long green ribbon, and were applauded by 200 people, many of them luminaries, some of whom had paid $10,000 for the honor of being co-hosts.
Now that's one thing, as an actor, you never say.
On Wednesday Mr. Mineta's subcommittee begins three days of hearings on the F.A.A.
This miniature distillation of mountains consists of three stones, the largest about a foot high, resting in a shallow basin.
There was a moment of silence as everyone considered the remark, and then Mr. Daniloff started laughing at the idea.
The service was part of an Easter sermon series at the Episcopal cathedral, the city's largest church, at Amsterdam Avenue and 112th Street.
I got friends on this team.
''My role is to get people out.''
We have been working for both of these reforms for many years, but the battle is not yet won.
The wounded officer was in stable condition in Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan, the police said.
Both had their beginnings in little rooms, garnered strong critical backing, attracted increasing audiences and then moved west from East 73d Street - to Broadway, in the case of the musical; to City Center, in the case of the Manhattan Theater Club, which last week began its second season on West 55th Street with one new theater complete and construction on a second space just getting started.
You have to go after a larger base bearing smaller gifts.''
In 1979, that figure was 13.3 percent.
Bitton said one member of the department, a librarian, regularly checked writings of church historians, ''underlined passages he considered inappropriate and sent these annotated copies to his personal contacts within the General Authorities.''
The exhibit also illustrates how centuries-old stories of gods, monsters, animals with supernatural powers and poor children suddenly blessed with riches gave way to 20th-century interpretations of new political ideologies.
''Construction expenditures from June to November of 1985 at Seabrook have been substantially less than we initially projected and the project is ahead of schedule,'' said John Eichorn Jr., chairman and chief executive of Eastern.
They point to these signs of weakness: * Libya is nearly $9 billion in arrears on payments for foreign civil and arms contracts.
Reductions in corporate bond ratings during the first nine months of this year exceeded the record level for all of 1985, and prospects are for a continuing trend toward lower ratings, Moody's Investors Service Inc. announced yesterday.
Admission to the festival is $5 for adults, $3 for senior citizens and $2 for ages 6 through 18.
And I really enjoy taking the risk.''
To those who oppose premarital sex, birth control and divorce, the church can hardly be faulted for holding to views it has maintained for centuries.
''We dream in order to forget,'' Mr. Stern quotes Dr. Francis Crick, director of the Salk Institute and co-discoverer with Dr. Watson of DNA, the essential element of life.
The Bears are approaching another impressive mark: fewest points allowed over a 16-game season.
''They ask us when we are going to go in and clean up this mess,'' said one American diplomat in the region.
The Economy Sales of new homes fell 3.8 percent in February, but the pace has begun to pick up with the arrival of spring.
The attitude of much of the younger generation of leaders and activists was hammered on the anvil of Vietnam.
Then, the light fixtures disappeared.
The prices of beef and veal, up 1.2 percent last month, have now risen 8.1 percent in the last six months after declines in each of the first five months of the year.
As NASA employees, three of the astronauts - Francis R. Scobee, Ronald E. McNair, and Judith A. Resnick -were in effect civil servants, covered by the Federal Employees Compensation Act.
''There is overcrowding, late arrival and late pickup, kids' getting home extremely late.
There were and are lots of people, of course, who don't need the likes of Robert Venturi to tell them that perky wigwam motels and Burma-Shave signs are just fine, thank you very much.
It was in Rouen in 1885 that the statue was packed in crates and taken by ship to the mouth of the Seine for passage to New York.
The troupe's young male dancers look completely at home; that is, they have adapted to the streamlined silhouette and precision of the English style required by the ballet (created in 1957 for Festival Ballet and later danced by American Ballet Theater and the Harkness Ballet).
Share earnings represent per American Depositary Receipt, or ADR.
Fielding defended himself in a closed hearing of the Investigations Subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Amtrak offered today to negotiate with its engineers union and a spokesman for the passenger line said it was confident it could avert a strike that union leaders have said would begin at 12:01 A.M. Monday.
Pacific Coast A.A. Las Vegas Captures Crown INGLEWOOD, Calif. (UPI) - Anthony Jones scored 22 points and Nevada-Las Vegas rode an 11-2 spurt midway through the second half to a 75-55 triumph over New Mexico State and the conference crown.
''But the reason we lost was that we had so many breakdowns.
''I started playing at 7, but I cannot remember a time when I was not aware of the instrument.
* Flatley Co., Braintree, Mass., said it had made an offer to purchase the major real estate assets of Bradley Real Estate Trust of Boston for $52 million.
A report yesterday that the Agriculture Department would appeal an interagency decision to exclude soybean oil from the program to increase exports supported soybean oil prices.
Yet his work is more balanced than theirs.
Davis-Bacon gives these fair contractors an equal chance to compete for Government projects, rather than losing out to competitors who underbid them by paying lower wages.
According to a CBS News poll of voters who had just cast their ballots, a quarter of Mr. Daschle's supporters voted for Mr. Mickelson, and a fifth of Mr. Abdnor's supporters voted for Lars Herseth, the Democratic gubernatorial nominee.
Rents in the two major apartment complexes range from $350 to $450 for the Brookchester and New Milford Village garden-apartment complexes off River Road, with a one- to two-year wait.
His project for Miss Schenck, organizing the slides and starting a workbook on the advertising approaches of various brands of cigarettes, is ''not an academic experience, but a practical one,'' he said.
The grand jury, under the direction of Bronx District Attorney Mario Merola, has subpoenaed the records of the City Department of Transportation and of five towing companies.
''If you're planning on working with people, camp counseling is a great way to build self-confidence and to learn about communication,'' Ms. McEntarfer said.
embarked on the inspections after a series of fatal airline accidents last year and a surge in safety inquiries by Congressional committees.
Professor Bronfenbrenner cites the examples of Charles and Philip, two seventh-graders who live in a middle-class suburb of a large city and who are part of ''normal'' two-parent families.
John Ziegler, president of the National Hockey League, has fined Coach Jim Schoenfeld of the Buffalo Sabres $5,000 for throwing a water bottle at Referee Terry Gregson in a game against the Quebec Nordiques last Dec. 10. .
The grass, only fractions of an inch high before being nourished by the rains, seems matted against the rough soil, here yellow, there a reddish-orange, baking under the midday sun.
Equally controlled are her colors, selected from 150 tones of Swedish linen.
''The full record of what was discussed will have to await the relevant Nixon tapes,'' Mr. Kissinger said of the first Nixon-Brezhnev meeting in 1973.
For his part, Mr. Angoff said: ''I was not exactly proud of all my behavior, but he insulted our personal dignity.
''They asked for a swimming pool; I put it in.
The basis of the charge was a state law that had no precise definition, but generally forbade women to be nuisances and prescribed public ducking as a punishment.
The Sunni Moslem radio station Voice of the Homeland said the clash erupted when gunmen in the west fired a mortar mounted on a car into the Christian enclave.
Prices of wheat futures fell suddenly on the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday, while corn and soybean prices were mostly higher.
The penetrating power also makes them useful when ''frozen'' fittings and pivoting joints need loosening.
With ''My Fair Lady'' safely and profitably ensconced on Broadway, Mr. Lerner and Mr. Loewe made their foray into film, providing the score for Vincente Minnelli's ''Gigi.''
The other guests are Shirley Gonzales, planner for the Town of Hamden, who was Westport's assistant town planner, and State Representative Alice V. Meyer, a Republican from Easton, who is chairman of the General Assembly's Housing Committee.
It was just like the piece that we had designed.
It would be less vulnerable than the MX in silos, traveling around military bases on specially hardened vehicles.
For some 80 years there had been talk of an opera house here, but plans always fell through.
Mickey Mouse memorabilia are also stocked at other stores specializing in collectibles, including Bizarre Bazaar, 1050 Second Avenue (at 55th Street); Darrows Fun Antiques, 1164 Second Avenue (at 61st Street); Hillman-Gemini Antiques, 743 Madison Avenue (at 65th Street); Second Childhood, 283 Bleecker Street, and Sideshow, 184 Ninth Avenue (at 21st Street).
''But we definitely have had an influence in terms of bringing in conservatives who otherwise would not go into Government.''
''Every time I run, they meet there,'' he said.
That night, he would pole-vault in the Vitalis/U.S.
''The great-great-great-grandparents, maybe they knew,'' Mrs. Cemal said in the vestiges of the French she learned in a convent school in mandate days.
Recent developments in ultrahigh-pressure physics seem to presage a host of important discoveries, scientists at several leading laboratories believe.
NASA's record on costs, it said, actually ''compares favorably with both industry and other Federal laboratories.''
The White House vigorously disputes accusations that Colonel North's contacts with the contras violated the law.
Jackson Hole bills itself as the largest ski resort in the United States.
To me, the best TV themes are tiny, beautifully crafted pieces of folk art.''
By 1985, Hawley derived 55 percent of its sales and 60 percent of its pretax profits from the United States, with most of the rest coming from Britain.
The loft tenants, charging the decision was arbitrary and capricious, threatened to sue.
Experts argue over how to postpone that frightening day.
By calmly underplaying those songs, Mr. Lindley lets their humor - and his own -shine through.
The pinnacle of the show, ''Grand Imperial Cirque de Paris,'' in which the ragtag carnival troupe fantasizes becoming the toast of Europe, has been staged by the choreographer, D. J. Giagni, as a joyous free-for-all melange of circus acrobatics and Folies Bergeres kick-line frivolity.
And Garagiola, who seems very sharp and animated, properly but gently questioned a decision by Davey Johnson to allow Gooden to bat in the fourth inning of the second game.
He found out that the writer, David Freeman, had revised it and retitled it, and not long after, a deal was made.
* A baseball season has come and gone, but the sculpture of Phil Niekro still sits, draped in brown plastic and protected by wood paneling, in a tunnel beneath Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium.
It was an informal and friendly evening that, like the major awards, ran late and featured thank-you speeches that varied from one word - ''Danke,'' the Yiddish word for ''Thanks,'' uttered by the 11-year-old Jacob Mirer of ''Broome Street'' - to lengthier perorations that drew premature applause, which, in polite Yiddish-theater tradition, was a hint to the speaker: Enough, already.
The Senators say that is hedging at best.
And these were guys he grew up with.
At its conclusion, as the chiffon curtains parted and guests sat down to dine, the fountain briefly ran again.
The purchaser was Alexander Acevedo of Alexander Gallery at a 1984 Sotheby's sale in London.
Life moves slowly in the Communist world; the Government's critics here speak of its ''death-like torpor.''
It's like having a great pitcher out there for nine innings and having him go back two days later.''
''This is much more in keeping with what this nation is all about,'' Senator D'Amato said.
The information about Mr. Chin's access to intelligence gathered by covert agents was contained in a new indictment issued today by a Federal grand jury in Alexandria, Va.
Mr. Paterno, 62 years old, was admitted at Mount Sinai Medical Center Wednesday, officials said.
Mr. Sisk said this was a potential danger, ''but we've tested for it and found it not to be an issue.''
You would be laying off park rangers; the Coast Guard would not be able to sail; F.B.I.
She cited the ruling last year by the State Department of Education in a case where a Port Chester family was forced out of its home and moved to a motel in Mamaroneck.
And I think the British are playing a very strong and effective and laudable role in all of this.
''So,'' said Mrs. Muldoon, ''we've had to go around begging'' - she conceded this was ''a bit'' of an exaggeration - ''for pennies.''
Planned to Move Prisoners When the uprisings began, the accused guerrillas in all three prisons issued a list of complaints that, besides demands for improved living conditions, called on the Government to halt its unannounced policy of gradually moving Shining Path prisoners to a new maximum-security prison with individual cells.
Who's the man who blocks the shots as high as City Hall?
Everyone who has taken free plants has signed a master list in the Town Clerk's office.
Its not as earth-shattering for a husband to see his wife go to a job she likes and finds challenging.''
Price got it going despite a bogey 5 at the first hole when he pushed his tee shot into a fairway bunker, blasted out, pitched to within 15 feet and missed the putt.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The 40-foot-tall lighthouse was originally known as the Jeffries Hook Lighthouse.
Buildings where bid-rigging was said to have occurred, besides Trump Plaza, at 167 East 61st Street, included several other luxury apartment buildings and residences for Mount Sinai School of Medicine and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, all in Manhattan.
We believe that overcoming hunger and economic stagnation requires policies that encourage Africans' own productivity and initiative; such a policy framework will make it easier for the rest of the world, including the U.S., to help.
An electronic listening device has been found in the office of the chief campaign strategist of Bill Clements, the Texas Republican candidate for Governor, and the incident has set off a political outcry.
McMillan provided a game-high 12 rebounds for the Pioneers (13-3).
Giving to the Neediest instead of exchanging Christmas gifts has become the custom of some families.
Doug Giesler made it 10-9 with a 49-yard field goal.
Under Secretary of Defense Fred C. Ikle said in an interview today that the enhanced stature given to the short-range defense program, ''is consistent with the position of the President that we look to protecting the allies as well as the United States.''
While Israeli arms exports were a nice way to win friends and gain economies of scale in the 1970's, they are now a matter of economic life and death.
Past management had also talked and planned for years to take over Ozark, but it was Mr. Icahn who finally announced the acquisition last February.
Many upper-income taxpayers will find their tax bills going up in 1987 because the top tax rate will not be fully lowered to 28 percent until 1988, while most deductions will be curtailed as of the beginning of 1987.
State Republican leaders said they thought Henry A. Kissinger was seriously considering their request that he oppose Governor Cuomo in the fall.
Born in Warsaw, Mrs. Chapman came from a musical family, and her brother was a founding member of the Palestine Orchestra, today the Israel Philharmonic.
Could you tell us what actions you do expect?
On Dec. 6 the members decided to abandon price setting in favor of trying to influence prices indirectly by controlling the volume of oil on the market.
Admission is $1.50 for adults and 50 cents for children.
On his arrival last weekend he said ''the potential for cooperation between the Soviet Union and China is enormous,'' and he restated the interest often expressed by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, in a ''serious improvement'' in overall ties.
#65's Tie Record The 65's posted by Wadkins and Beck tied the record set earlier in the day by Mark Calcavecchia, a journeyman pro who forfeited his PGA Tour card last year for inadequate performance.
The concert begins at 8:15 P.M. Take Southern State Parkway to Meadowbrook Parkway South; continue to Merrick Road East and pick up Newbridge Road and continue to park.
''Repertory is expensive, but if you're going to spend a lot of money you might as well do the kind of artistic work you want to do.
This music is fun to listen to, and the band's pleasure in playing it is underlined by its polish and flair.
He is not bound by the sentencing recommendation.
One exception is the Clinic for Rehabilitation and Developmental Evaluation at Boston Children's Hospital where lectures such as, ''What It's Like To Have An Adult Relationship,'' are occasionally held for the mentally retarded clients.
'People Are Turned On' ''We were holding our breath waiting for the backlash,'' Mr. Lee said.
The authorities know who they are and where they are.''
This could include a commitment to stick with the treaty for a specified period.
Preparing a Program The Dennison case makes Faust uneasy.
When it was mentioned that a backhand flip does not always result in a decent throw, he added: ''I fool around all the time with that.
He died there of a heart attack at 2:55 A.M. yesterday.
The three-way merger calls for stockholders of BBDO International Inc. to receive 65 percent of the new holding company's 24 million shares.
One was Stroheim & Romann Inc., a drapery and upholstery manufacturer with 122 employees, which had been in the city for 120 years when its landlord on West 20th Street raised rents from $3 a square foot to $16.
In this critic's view, the United States in 1986 scored as heavily with Titian's ''Flaying of Marsyas'' as with many a more massive enterprise.
Both goals were said to be necessary conditions for the start of internal talks.
Leyland, 41, was a minor league catcher but never made it past the Class AA level.
Income from subscribers might generate 8 percent in initial cash flow.
The director of a homosexual-rights group called the proposal ''an extremely good bill,'' but it is expected to meet opposition in the State Senate.
Mr. Reagan and the Republicans are hoping that voters in Missouri and other key states will accept their argument that budget austerity now will result in greater prosperity in the future.
Mr. Horn, the rights trader, said he had consented to such arrangements in a few cases.
The Connecticut Fifth Colonial Regiment will be on hand, and a film showing the re-enactment of the Battle of Ridgefield will be shown.
The woman inside taps on the window and with silent words inquires what they are looking for.
After gaining no yardage on three plays, Bayside was stopped on fourth down when Jackson's Steve McGuire registered a sack.
''The idea was to get as big a bulk as possible.''
Their program - altogether different from the sort of thing the Wentworths are doing - will offer the works of seven composers and include Scharwenka's ''Aus Alter und Neuer Zeit,'' Satie's ''Trois Morceaux en Forme de Poire'' and Persichetti's ''Appalachian Christmas Carols.''
His aides acknowledge that there is no better example of how, when carried to extreme, such aggressiveness can hurt him than his comments about the Mafia.
Key Link in Pacific Defenses The two major bases here, Subic Bay Naval Station and Clark Air Base, are the largest installations of their kind outside the United States and form a key link in America's Pacific defenses.
Jimmy Paul will defend the I.B.F.
The disk, on the Philips label, for which Mr. Brendel records extensively, will offer three works by Liszt, including ''Vallee d'Obermann,'' as well as selections by Busoni and Berg.
A spokesman for the department said that the recommendation of the Office of Special Investigations, which is responsible for tracking down and deporting Nazi war criminals, is ''routinely accepted as the position of the department.''
HOW TO OBTAIN GALLERY TICKETS Advance reservations for the exhibition of art from the Soviet Union are available, with no service charge, at a special Ticketron pass desk in the East Building of the National Gallery.
He dug and tugged and hacked, but the stump wouldn't budge.
This permitted South to play low from her hand, win with the nine and ruff out the spade ace.
'Disappointed' on the Delay Dr. Fletcher said he felt ''uneasy'' and ''disappointed'' about the delay.
The slower sales pace was accompanied by a $900 decrease - to $82,300 - in the median price of an existing home between May and June.
He was waved home, where Gary Carter blocked the plate and reached for the accurate throw from Darryl Strawberry.
Space weapons, like nuclear arms, do not recognize national boundaries, they do not choose whom to spare and whom to destroy.
; 11-at Florida; 18-at Ball St.; 25-B.Green; Nov.1-at Ohio; 8-Miami, O.; 15-at W.Mich.
Her father is the retired chairman and chief executive officer of the Union Carbide Corporation.
Yet, because Ryan has so much practice time working with other second-stringers - he probably has taken more snaps from Bingham than Fields, and handed off more to Hector than McNeil - massive mistakes against the Patriots are unlikely.
While this has caused statewide deflation and a rising tide of business failures, the upside is more affordable prices.
Jacques Gelman, a prominent collector of 20th-century art and for many years the partner and producer of Cantinflas, the Mexican comedian, died Wednesday at a hospital in Houston where he had gone for a heart operation.
The mural is to be placed on the balcony of the old Treasury Building where the oath was administered.
And then proceeded to devour each new addition to my collection until I had read them all.
He said his main effort would concentrate on limiting hostile takeovers through changes in the Williams Act, which regulates tender offers.
They grant that mobile missiles cannot be precisely targeted, so need not be hastily fired to escape a surprise attack.
''Hostilities will cease on the entire front on November 11, at 11 A.M., French time.''
technologies beyond military aspects,'' Dr. Yonas said after meeting with Titan officials.
Balloons at the Big Board In celebration of the banner year, more than 6,000 red, white and blue balloons were released at closing time yesterday at the New York Stock Exhange.
The small initial interest in the course probably reflects that fact.
If this sounds sacrilegious, we are, after all, celebrating St. Valentine's Day in San Francisco, where language is code and a cover-up for sentimental feelings.
Because Mr. McGoff never registered, the Government maintained, there was no statute of limitations.
Lisa Raymond, an employee at the service, said that in seven years it has never had a client cash in on the clause in its contract that offers to relocate a dissatisfied roommate.
They cannot bear the thought of seeing ''the greatest bull market in modern history'' come to a sorry end.
The Public Broadcasting Service says yes; ''The Africans,'' a nine-part series, is the jewel in this season's crown.
Moreover, public-opinion polls suggest a slide in the Prime Minister's popularity since the late-September speech in which he made offending comments about ethnic minorities in the United States.
However you say it, the honor is cheaper than a Mercedes in the vanity market of modern life.
Democrats also begin with a handicap because four Democratic incumbents who held traditionally Republican seats are running for higher office.
Interviews Are Limited Mr. Kennedy and nine other candidates, including Republicans, have accepted an invitation to debate national security policy on Sept. 9.
Walton has been a remarkably aggressive coach the last few seasons with the Jets.
Hint of New Tactics General Rogers, who was in charge of the Air Force and Navy aircraft that struck Libya last April, suggested that a new attack would not necessarily be by aircraft flying in at low levels.
Carbon dioxide is always in the air, although not always as abundantly as some plants would like.
There, Mr. Roberts met the state's only Town Crier, Napoleon Poyant of Provincetown.
Peyrenc de Moras died in 1731, just one year after moving into his magnificent home.
The changes are for 1986 models.
The switch was thrown at 12:14 P.M., and he was pronounced dead five minutes later, becoming the 14th person to be executed in Florida since 1979.
Mr. Millspaugh's attorney, Thomas A. Bergstrom, said that his client was not guilty but that he could not comment on the indictment in detail since he had not had a chance to review it.
In a telephone interview today from the family's home in Newton, the suburb where Miss Bonner has been staying, her son-in-law, Yefrem V. Yankelevich, said: ''She worries that she does not have anything from Sakharov.
The bank's initiative in bringing the violations to the attention of the authorities, it is believed, may help it to avoid prosecution.
You might make some adjustments after having spoken to the director.
The offerings range from the splashy revues that make up the official Liberty Weekend programs to the classical concert in Central Park - a genuine all-star affair - to more modest Americana pops concerts in the area's parks.
And Miss Ashley and Mr. Lavery compellingly suggested the element of privacy that adds such mystery to the radiant ''Gounod Symphony.''
Among other new young dancers seen for the first time were Marianne Rindholt and Peter Bo Bendixen.
That he characterized as ''Kinnockery'' - the position of Labor's leader, Neil Kinnock.
But according to the key construction and permanent lender for buildingwide improvements - the New York Perspectives: Preserving Housing City Community Preservation Corporation, a consortium of commercial and savings banks -there has been a drop in conventional lending for large-scale improvement projects in rental buildings.
President Hafez al-Assad recently pledged to exert additional efforts to insure freedom for about 17 foreign hostages held in Lebanon.
Carter Hawley Hale Stores, the Los Angeles-based chain whose operations include Neiman-Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, expects its holiday sales to be slightly higher than the 5 percent year-to-year gain it had in the first half.
Instead, we shall focus on first-rate equipment with the sensible proviso that cost and performance remain proportionate.
Wednesday classes for intermediate and advanced students begin July 2 and run through Aug. 27.
We continue on to the chicken farm for freshly laid eggs and free-range chickens.
The white policemen (as many as nine were involved) say that the men made threatening gestures.
Only after he is expelled and has surrendered his membership card is he, as a regular citizen, put on trial.
I wanted to wait until July, when Olga would be out of school, but the embassy told me to hurry.
''And Tom Murphy's play is a fine example of contemporary Irish writing by a younger member of the Irish play-writing fraternity.''
From London to Veytaux, the tiny Swiss community where the chateau is situated, the project has touched a raw nerve and brought letters to newspapers.
The eighth Duke of Devonshire, listening to a speech in the House of Lords about personal pride, confided to his neighbor, ''The proudest day of my life was when my pig won first prize at Skipton Fair.'')
The President assured farmers they would remain eligible for price support loans, whether or not they could find suitable storage places for grain they would put up as collateral.
Drivers who seek to enter that category might be required to take a further test or attend training classes, he said.
In the intermediate-term market, the price for the 7 3/8 percent note due in May 1996 was 95 17/32, up 7/32, to yield 8.04 percent, and the price for the 7 1/2 percent note due in 1991 was 98 9/32, down 1/32, to yield 7.90 percent.
No such conclusion can be drawn from the article, because the study's scientific design was incomplete.
National Medical, one of the nation's largest hospital management companies, also said it would take write-offs of about $53 million after taxes in connection with the restructuring.
A Week of Violence The march took place at the end of a week of violence in which the death of a policeman and two British soldiers were attributed to the Irish Republican Army, while Protestant terrorists shot a Catholic man to death.
Yesterday, he described the long process of his prosecution as akin to ''going to your own funeral.''
Employment shrunk to 1,700, from 4,000 four years ago, as losses mounted.
''It means organizing the community so that people can be happier and happier.
But I also know that there are others that are just going to - as we all sometimes do in private jobs - they're going to do it the easy way.
Here's what he has been seeing: * The NCNB Corporation, Wachovia's longtime archrival, has been gobbling up financial institutions from Florida to Maryland.
In this sense, they say, unity has taken a back seat to kinship.
Overall volume yesterday on the Big Board was 176.5 million shares, just short of the prior day's 180.3 million.
The OPEC conference, its sixth this year, comes at a crucial time for the organization, which has seen prices plunge from about $26 a barrel at the start of the year to a low of about $9 at midyear and then rise again to the current level of about $15 a barrel.
''It's just Midwestern rah-rah, the fraternity spirit.
They were said to be Representative Lee H. Hamilton of Indiana and Senator Daniel K. Inouye of Hawaii.
''He keeps the pressure on us - and I don't want that to sound negative - but he keeps us aware of what we have to do.''
Hamilton 64, Wesleyan 7 CLINTON, N.Y., (AP)- Fred Colman caughtr three of Mike LoPresti's four touchdown passes as Mahilton (4-0) scored its most points in a game this century.
That decision, she says, was ''absolutely the right thing.''
This copy of Magna Carta - from Lincoln Cathedral and bearing King John's seal affixed June 15, 1215, at Runnymede - is being displayed along with a variety of historic English and American documents, paintings and artifacts.
A1 The AIDS virus test will be required of Job Corps students, applicants and staff members under a screening program expected to begin Feb. 1, Labor Department officials said.
If the seal is tight, you should not be able to pull the dollar bill out very easily.
Two other very respectable restaurants share the view from the hill of Seguret.
(Ages 12 and up) The author of this affecting memoir, Japanese by birth, spent most of World War II living in a village in northern Korea.
But after the race, Chris Dickson, New Zealand's skipper, said he did not consider French Kiss any faster now than she was in earlier trial races.
HOW PRODUCERS CURRENTLY RANK Average crude oil production for January to August, in thousands of barrels a day.
''We would hope no one would pay John McEnroe to play tennis in the Olympics.
Despite the author's rather coy assertion that the piece ''can't really be called 'writing,' '' - she says she can't even remember keeping the diaries in question - this lengthy memoir possesses a stark immediacy of expression that enables the reader to participate, seemingly firsthand, in Miss Duras's experience of waiting for her husband to return from a German prison camp at the end of the war.
Mr. Jansen himself offers a different explanation: ''We're located in the Garden State.''
my aunt asked, rather incredulously.
The Missouri Democrat said in an interview today that the company ''seemed to be in a big hurry'' to get its tests done and its product to market.
Among her performances was a recital at Town Hall in 1942 and another in 1944 at Carnegie Hall.
Harvard has traditionally recruited the bulk of its tenured professors from outside the school, as part of an effort to insure that its teachers were the best in the world.
Mr. Smith writes songs in three tempos - dirge, march and dance -and two varieties, murky synthesizer drones or clearer, riff-driven guitar rockers, all kept to a punk-inspired minimum of chords.
The practice now is to chain the calm cattle to a peg in the ground, allowing them to graze in a circle around it - the result of which is a patchwork of polka-dotted fields.
One was the 1978 PGA Championship in which he came from seven shots off the lead on the final day to win in a playoff with Jerry Pate and Tom Watson.
On Saturday the Pope is due to set off for New Zealand, the next stop on his two-week tour of Asia and the Pacific.
Clearly, fraud is a national problem that belongs not only in state courts, but also in the national courts along with price fixing, copyright infringement and related business offenses.
Divestment, she said, was ''self-defeating because it blunts the one weapon that blacks are able to use to insist that their demands be accommodated - that is if they have the power to withdraw skilled labor'' in a powerful economy increasingly dependent on black skills.
And what does Miss Hoffman do with the rest of her day?
MANUFACTURERS of packaged goods who have cut advertising spending in favor of trade deals (in seeking a short-term profit solution) are behind many of the economic woes of the ad agency and media industries.
The need to do something is evident.
Last Saturday Islip, the town next to Brookhaven, stopped taking commercial and industrial waste.
LOUIS P. SCHWARTZ Baldwin Chairman, P.E.I.R.
was not, in fact, in compliance'' with the Federal safety regulations.
The July and September contracts, on which there are no limits, climbed even higher.
It is, he said, a marriage of traditional Indian-style architecture and imperial New Delhi splendor.
Athletic Director DeLoss Dodds, who met earlier in the day with the school's Athletics Council, said Akers would be reassigned to other duties.
Animosity was low, and for good reason.
This Open and the du Maurier Classic are the other two majors for women.
''It just didn't register that these might be things he should think about.''
The Sperry offer would be unusual because it would not compete against Burroughs's tender, a more common tactic for fighting an unfriendly bid.
Concertgoers are encouraged to bring a blanket.
''At this point, we're as active as anybody in terms of numbers of shows, but not in total dollars.
''If you think the Notre Dame student body is partisan,'' he says, ''try a stadium where all 50,000 people are owners.''
Negotiators were meeting here in an effort to end the strike.
Many would be left with ''inadequate pension and insurance guarantees,'' the Justice Department said.
Outside the courthouse at 161st Street and the Grand Concourse in the Bronx, which is in Mr. Galiber's district, his supporters handed out campaign leaflets.
Many of these early risers are so eager to put on their wonderful displays the leaves pierce right through the center of old leaves.
''We said: 'Take another month.
Jonah embraced Mr. Maddox, Justice Preminger thanked the jury for its service, and, as the jury filed out, several of its members rapped their knuckles approvingly on the defense table or flashed a victory sign.
Rappa-port will tell you everything.
For the fiscal year 1986, Congress appropriated $244 million to the AIDS budget of the Public Health Service, of which only $140 million is for clinical and biological research.
Remember that once you paint, the floor will have to be periodically repainted.
Yet, in the midst of all these bright new options, rrthe ''live'' human body, and the struggle to master its infinitely complicated forms, keeps right on challenging artists as it has since the golden age of Greece, a challenge now intensified by the current revival of interest in figurative art.
The guidelines also note that ''there is a great deal of concern among Afghan families regarding possible attempts to 'westernize' and 'Christianize' their family members sent here for treatment.''
National NASA's Administrator will resign soon and is expected to be replaced by someone outside the space agency, Reagan Administration officials said.
Once an advertiser has the name and address of a consumer and perhaps information about just a couple of product preferences, it can, with the help of the computer and available syndicated research, build a profile of product preferences and purchases and of media usage.
''While we were making 'Growing Up Stoned,' we wondered what would happen to these kids after they had come off drugs, because many of their problems did not go away,'' said Ann Hassett, who produced and co-wrote both projects with her husband, Robert Niemack, who also directed.
He was told to pack up his wife and son, pull up roots he has put down in six years as a Government-financed graduate student in Virginia and return to his native land.
The State Department said: ''The Nicaraguan Government orchestrated a show trial to convict Mr. Hasenfus with a maximum of publicity.
Both unions had rejected an offer from the companies Saturday evening and Mr. La Baff said the companies made no further offer.
He had joined the bank, which is known as the Bank of Boston, in 1925, immediately after graduating from Dartmouth College, and spent his entire professional career at the bank.
Each new taste of happiness surpassed the previous one.
But what is causing discord, and even mud-slinging, among residents in the 2,820 units is the choice of directions the cooperative could take: remaining a nonprofit cooperative for middle-income residents or becoming a private cooperative in which shares could be sold at market rates estimated at $50,000 a room - and great profits made.
Now organized under the name United Neighborhood Houses of New York, there are about 40 still in full operation, tending to the needs of today's newcomers, including Asians, Puerto Ricans, Haitians and Indians.
'A Trojan Horse' Senator Packwood called the Mitchell amendment ''a Trojan horse'' and a ''front for every special interest group.''
He was summoned to a luncheon yesterday with Mr. Tisch, who informed him of the appointment.
But as a result of the changes in attitudes Mr. Levitz cited and the rise of new diversions like MTV and computer games, Superman's popularity has declined in recent years.
I've got Don King's son as manager.
One readily calls to mind Wihelm Steinitz, Max Euwe, or more recently, Bobby Fischer.
The McDonnell Douglas Corporation also produces cruise missiles.
Several short vocal solos were well done, and Andrew Violette was the fine pianist.
''I don't think there will be any conflict whatsoever,'' he said.
Eric Brown led Miami (1-7) with 17 points, while Tito Horford, the freshman center, had 13 points in his second game with the Hurricanes.
About half of that space is allocated to the companies' own grain-handling and merchandising operations.
officials here said they decided to step up the number of lawsuits after a favorable United States Supreme Court ruling in a North Carolina case last June interpreted for the first time key 1982 amendments to the Voting Rights Act.
Elsewhere,'' where the living is undoubtedly easier.
Seagram, like many domestic distillers and wine makers, has been experiencing shrinking sales for several years, at least in part because of heightened consumer concern about health and publicity about drunken driving.
The plan would cost about $17.6 million.
We could be rich if we sold it, but then what would we have?
Bering Sea Oil Appeals The Court also agreed to hear this fall two appeals from an appellate ruling that halted for environmental reasons oil and gas exploration on two tracts on the outer continental shelf in the Bering Sea off Alaska that were leased by the Interior Department to eight oil companies.
They have indicated overwhelmingly that they want to be defended against nuclear missiles.
For example, the spicy mint noodles with beef (they can also be ordered with chicken or pork) first assault the tip of the tongue with the freshness of mint and faint sweetness from shrimp; next comes a volley of sundry spices and textures on the palate, followed by the afterglow of heat.
But the agreement specifically calls for surveillance and verification procedures to monitor compliance.
They have five children, whose ages are 17 to 32.
''The obstacle course starts with the lower level administrative positions,'' said Helen Popovich, president of Florida Atlantic University.
Father Curran, 52 years old, is a priest of the Rochester diocese, who has taught at the university with the permission of his Bishop.
Safeway Stores Inc. $19.7 The Kroger Company 17.1 American Stores Company 13.9 Lucky Stores Inc. 9.3 Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. 7.8 Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company 6.6 Supermarkets General Corporation 5.1 Albertson's Inc. 5.0 Stop and Shop Supermarkets 3.7 Publix Super Market Inc. 3.5 Source: Progressive Grocer
gondolier hats on his head.
''At first I was upset that people insisted I read for them,'' Mr. Dallesandro admitted.
Along the way, she abandons her son, Lee, and she also misplaces some essential sense of self.
On weekends in May the local Metro bus line (317-635-3344) operates special shuttle buses to the Speedway along Illinois Street.
papers say that Mr. Levine's father, in his sworn statement, answered questions about his children's names, but invoked his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent when asked his wife's name.)
But they said that getting teen-agers into the habit of reading, primarily by offering them works they liked, was more important than using the summer vacation to broaden the scope and quality of what students read.
Doubts About Sullivan Principles Proponents of total divestment concede that such a policy could reduce the incomes provided by college endowments and pension funds, but they contend that the evidence for such arguments is ambiguous.
He never toyed or fussed.
And the only budget consideration now that's being given is to, I think, maybe tentatively eliminate 3 instead of the 44.
Ultimately you want to do your analysis quantitatively.''
Beginning May 27, students also may register in person, with a check or money order, at Parsons midtown.
But a more careful analysis leads me to think that that isn't going to be the case.
General Noriega is known, according to highly sensitive American intelligence information, to have told ''several aides in prior days that 'I want that guy's head,' '' the official said.
's chief counsel, Mr. D'Amato, Republican of New York, testified about three conversations he had with Mr. Hess regarding the possibility of the Jets' returning from Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J., where they had moved after the 1983 season.
The bike book has since sold more than 700,000 copies.
Cuomo Says He's Pleased Mr. Cuomo said he had since been pleased with the way the campaign was being run.
Either way I'm being treated as an appendage of you.
Chambers, in a videotaped statement, told authorities that he struck Miss Levin during a sexual liaison, then watched from nearby as her body was found by a cyclist and then taken away by the police.
In a most servicable cast, Jeri Sager (Nancy) and Edward G. Hutnik (Mr. Bumble) are especially strong.
* James R. Wilson is joining the Newspaper Advertising Bureau as vice president, national advertising.
said the salesman, Howard Linde.
Its challenge is to develop cost-effective recommendations that will assure financial stability in the hospital community and allow needed capital projects to go forward.
He became Governor for the third time March 12, 1984.
Also good are fleeting glimpses of reactions to the show, especially by children who have probably never seen anything like it before.
The initial publication of the lists came only after the Federal Department of Health and Human Services concluded that, with the appearance of an article about the data in The New York Times a few days earlier, release of the numbers eventually would be required under the Freedom of Information Act.
A diamond lead to the ace would have permitted East to play her heart jack, but that would have left the diamond king as an entry to the spade winners.
The Supreme Court ruling, analysts said, will almost certainly result in similar decisions on other pending court cases, clearing the last obstacles for many companies who are seeking interstate banking charters.
But it was in 1933, when Franz Schwennicke bought the business, that Delvaux became what it is today.
AIDS is hard to get.
New York: William Morrow & Company.
His father had been a pro-Western guerrilla during World War II and lectured his sons over dinner about Polish history.
You don't need 20-25 rallies to make a point.
He was originally selected for his posts after having served on Bacardi's board.
The fight over the licenses is being waged in the Federal courts and in Congress.
Integral to the building, opened in 1983, are hanging-basket copper light fixtures and reflective glass windows designed by Ed Carpenter.
Among the short pieces, the Bluemenfeld Etude for the Left Hand Alone has achieved legendary status; and, in all truth, it is one of the most remarkable piano disks ever recorded.
With concerns like these, the campaign in the United States against Chevron's investment in a Marxist nation often seems like a distant abstract preoccupation.
In fact, it consisted of just seven words he spoke at the beginning of Evan Hunter's play ''The Conjuror,'' in which he performed at the University of Michigan.
But it is in western and central Suffolk where Sunrise Highway has had its longest and most controversial history.
The defendants, Anthony N. LaBorde, 36 years old, of South Ozone Park, Queens, and James D. York, 42, of Linden, N.J., face 25 years to life in prison for second-degree murder.
Q. Mr. Secretary, you have said this is a preparatory summit.
It will also merge two discount chains, the sources said.
So Mr. Nolan takes messages from callers at the Clarke School and he then pays them a personal visit.
In the apartment the police found a 16-gauge shotgun, a .32-caliber pistol and a .357 Magnum pistol.
The children, he felt, had made the connection between life in poverty in their own New Haven and in Dickens's London.
''It will also make people think twice before rushing out to sue,'' added Marsha Hunter, president of a 42-unit co-op at 123 West 74th Street, which faces three different actions.
One featuring the iris, which has medicinal properties, hangs by the pharmacy department.
Mr. Peres has sought Mr. Modai's dismissal on grounds that he insulted the Prime Minister.
It doesn't seem that long, and I think that part of the reason it has gone so fast is that we have tried very hard to keep to the same standards, instead of changing with every shift of fashion.''
Ueberroth said the suspensions would be waived if the players met three conditions - donating 10 percent of their 1986 base pay to a drug-abuse program, serving 100 hours of community service in each of the next two seasons, and submitting to random drug tests the rest of their careers.
At one table Bart Bramley, for the Whitaker team, reached six clubs by the auction shown.
''They think of Westerners who leave jobs, drop customers, change wives or switch political parties as disconcertingly 'dry,' '' said Jared Taylor in ''Shadows of the Rising Sun,'' his study of Japan.
He offers a book of his own which has been translated into English, ''Fox Family: Four Seasons of Animal Life.''
''It is shocking to most of us, but it doesn't seem to shock the Reagan Administration.''
''These tapes are our way of getting more children seen in more places,'' Ms. Panichi said.
Others, they say, were too lazy, too rude or too drunk to search for a restroom.
By the time the third period had ended, however, the Celtics had extended their advantage to 91-76.
I believe we all felt as one that evening as we recalled our common heritage in the presence of the Russian family.
The truth is, the Mets and the Cardinals had only twinges of animosity until late last season, when fate put them - and not the Cubs - in a tight division race.
The current round-trip excursion fare is $370.
On the Alps and other popular slopes, Mrs. Kellokumpu explained: ''People want to look like they are in a discotheque.
''I'd still describe myself as a liberal, a middle-of-the-road Democrat.''
The slaying occurred just after King Hussein suspended his joint peace intiative agreement with Yasir Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Party 'Has to Change' Mr. Bermudez acknowledges that others with his credentials would probably be hooted out of other Mexican states if they ran for high elective office.
A significant barrier to moving more rapidly in creating steel-shot zones has been the so-called ''Stevens Amendment'' passed by Congress in 1977.
LIMITED partnerships, an investment category that provides direct pass-through of earnings in such fields as real estate, oil and gas, and equipment leasing, will lose much of their appeal as tax shelters next year.
Preoccupied by this, I one day said to him: 'What was your idea in suspending the four principal characters in ''The Golden Bowl'' in the void?
The company, disbanding after a year on the road, cried profusely.
The Democrats also aimed criticism at Governor Thompson, who was traveling in Japan today with the Chicago Symphony.
''There is a subtle difference,'' she explained.
It seems that at age 53, Frank Morgan's time has finally come.
(There are no supplementary captions of any kind.)
One's reservations had to do with the dubious need to play a mid-1950's pastiche of quintet music by Boccherini when so many fine, unadulterated scores by that composer are waiting to be heard, and the otherwise estimable acoustics of the Kaufmann Concert Hall, which seemed to rob the concluding Mendelssohn Octet of some of its gossamer lightness.
The babysitter recognized Terence's picture and tried to call the National Missing Children's Center from the number given on television but she could not get through, the police said.
b-Includes gains on trade-in of equipment of $861,615 for the quarter and $1,496,934 for the 9 months.
''We kind of hammered together a plot line that day,'' Mr. Newman recalls.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and daytime telephone number.
The suit was filed by Mitchell Miller, the estate of James M. Jacobsen and Green Briar-Somers Corp. Mr. Miller, host of the old ''Sing Along With Mitch'' television program, and the late Mr. Jacobsen had bought a 300-acre site 20 years ago and were under contract to sell it to a developer for 237 single-family houses.
The Chief Justice replied with an earnest lecture on the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable search and seizure.
Commissioner David Stern to submit an application and a $100,000 deposit.
''When you have workers compensation involved, it's very difficult for us to understand why these aren't recorded.''
But as a pro, you've got to complete your punches.
He sang, writing some of the songs himself, and he also wrote poetry.
A Search of Phone Records Mr. Cuervo is the godfather of one of Mr. Posada's sons and, according to records obtained from the Salvadoran telephone company, received at least two calls from a telephone in one of two safehouses used by the American air crews in El Salvador and frequented by Mr. Rodriguez and Mr. Posada.
Life in a small Minnesota town.
The Met wanted to replace Ramey and the director, Frank Corsaro, with in-house regulars.
Earlier Protest Sparked Upheaval The violence, which occurred last Wednesday at Al Yarmouk University, Jordan's second largest, was said to have grown out of a demonstration by 2,000 students angered by high academic fees and the dismissal of 31 students for their part in a rally to protest the American air strikes against Libya last month.
The British told a crammed courtroom that there was a distinct difference between books written by ''outsiders,'' such as Mr. Pincher, a journalist, and ''an insider,'' such as Mr. Wright, a member of the spy club.
Advanced Bonsai, the Horticultural Society, 128 West 58th Street, 212-757-0915.
He was disappointed in his play, he said, but convinced the rough edges will be honed after a couple of months on the tour.
West Regional, at Ogden, Utah: Alabama-Birmingham vs. Missouri; North Carolina vs. Utah (Television - Channel 2, 11:30 P.M.); Bradley vs. Texas-El Paso; (Television - ESPN, 4:30 P.M.); Louisville vs. Drexel.
The overpowering pomposity of Majority Leader Robert Byrd and the snappishness-on-cue of Speaker Jim Wright lessens the viewer's ire at the President.
But she and Vincent Price, who shared the National stage with her in a 1935 production of ''Victoria Regina,'' began the evening's celebration - which included such figures as Jose Quintero, Rosemary Harris, Julie Harris, Edward Herrmann, Eli Wallach and Anne Jackson - with an informal reminiscence from the stage.
If it's not on this list, you can't add the tax to the I.R.S.
Two External Pressures For Kenzo Yamashita, who fought skeptics at his parent company to help bring two-by-four homes to Japan, these trends confirm what he always believed - that Japanese would be drawn to a home with Western architecture and Western construction methods.
''But that's not to say we don't get involved in cases directly, because we do.''
Mr. Vance complied by falling into line behind 10 people who included two delivery people from Federal Express and a woman who said she was there to meet her sister for lunch.
An Anemia Problem But such transfusions are not for everyone, not only because of storage difficulties but also because other medical conditions could make the practice dangerous.
''Outside of my studies with DeLay,'' he says, ''this was the most important part of my musical education.''
The entire experience, he said, was ''unforgettable.''
Among the other companies to leave South Africa since January 1985 are General Foods, Martin Marietta, Navistar, Pepsico, Salomon Inc., Rohm & Haas and Pennwalt, according to the investor research group.
.the main conclusion seems to be that audible differences exist, but they don't matter unless you think they matter.
Prices for Government securities fell further on pessimism about interest rates.
I might be getting royalties.''
I pushed off against the concrete siding with my foot.
'More Realistic Portrayals' ''Our concern is probably not unlike both conservative and liberal groups in regards to teen-age sexuality and how sex is portrayed on television, in rock music, and so on,'' said Dr. Cheryl Hayes, a social scientist who was the study director of the council.
The report on federalism, written by Assistant Attorney General Charles J. Cooper, laments the erosion of state power over the last half-century.
After Mr. Hackett died in 1958, she dedicated herself to the preservation of films.
But not every head turned.
She cannot explain how she squeezes so much social work into a single day - she just does.
It could be assumed that the same would be true of other stars and any Earth-like planets.
This agreement between the club and the city's Corporation Counsel in effect could end the club's efforts to bar women.
The last one was launched in December 1984, experts said.
The report and a 26-page list of recommendations, scheduled to be made public in July, found that exposure to most pornography ''bears some causal relationship to the level of sexual violence, sexual coercion or unwanted sexual aggression.''
The current Congressman, Wyche Fowler Jr., is running for the United States Senate.
Others, like the peculiar ballet ''Old King Cole,'' are little more than a stringing together of lovely folk tunes.
John L. Weinberg, chairman of Goldman, said the investment ''would assist Goldman, Sachs in meeting capital requirements for our rapidly growing worldwide business without foreclosing any options.''
The Stompers' new album, ''Phantasies'' (Soul Note), includes Mr. Byard's arrangements of Ellington, Coltrane, Oscar Pettiford, Paul Desmond, Ornette Coleman and Carole King compositions, along with a few by Mr. Byard himself; although the album is marred by the amateurish singing of Mr. Byard's daughters, the band's playing is suave or earthy, as the tunes require.
Karen Sederholm will portray the spinster he jolts out of the doldrums.
A Picasso show of more than 300 paintings, drawings, collages and other works opens Dec. 17 at the Sprengel Museum in Hanover.
'Alice' is a symbolical journey with characters.''
I hope also it shouldn't be raining.''
A North Carolina State freshman linebacker, Mark King, underwent emergency surgery for a ruptured spleen following the game.
''The people that all work for me work for somebody else,'' he said.
Beatrix A. Hamburg, professor of psychiatry and pediatrics at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
''My dad hoped I would get an M.B.A. and become a corporate giant,'' he says, ''but I don't think corporate giantism is in my horoscope.
The study said the city court operations cost $45 million in 1982.
Ryan, still throwing heat at the age of 39, struck out seven batters and raised his career total to 4,130, the most in baseball history.
They set a league record for fewest points allowed in a 16-game season, 187, and gave up only 20 touchdowns.
She merges those cultures with mainstream black Americana.
If the Mets lose this World Series, each man will get a check next month for nearly four times as much as Staub did in 1973.
We drove straight into the hospital parking lot and ran from the car into the lobby.
It will be performed by the New York Philharmonic under the direction of Zubin Mehta, with the baritone Sherrill Milnes and the Crane Centennial Chorus from the State University of New York at Potsdam.
The pitch was down, not too bad a pitch at all.
Last month, after deciding to jump ship on the last day of his shore leave, Jan Czeberkus, a seaman from Lobez, sought out Martin Prengler, a Polish immigrant who runs the motel and whose family was from a village not far from Mr. Czeberkus's home.
Akeem Olajuwon scored 24 of his game-high 38 points in the second half today to help the Houston Rockets hold off a fierce Denver Nuggets' rally for a 126-119 victory in Game 1 of their National Basketball Association Western Conference second-round playoff series.
Saccomano said that he did not know what drug was involved.
With Daniel Passarella, the captain of the 1978 winning side, absent because of illness, the Argentina defenders have been a group of unknowns thus far.
Proposals of marriage, threats of murder.
''His judgment is that if the non-bank bank issue scuttles banking legislation this year, it is not worth it,'' a close aide to the Fed chairman said.
The list price of AST's RAMpage!
Yes, I will be cheering lustily for the Red Sox tonight.
'' 'My Daddy Lost Everything' ''This isn't the first time this has happened to my family,'' Mr. Lively said, remembering the Depression.
Top-Level Clearance Mr. Douglass and two witnesses from the National Security Agency, which has responsibility for intercepting and decoding foreign communications, said that Mr. Pelton had top-level clearance and extensive access to information on American eavesdropping on the Soviet Union.
A sign informs visitors that ''Dublin Corporation, which is carrying out this work, recognizes the historic, architectural and artistic value of the building which houses the Lane collection and the Municipal Collection of Modern Art.''
O'Grady has been embroiled in a dispute with Deane Beman, the PGA Tour commissioner, since the 1984 USF&G Classic in New Orleans, where O'Grady was accused of verbally abusing a tournament worker.
''They think everything is in Westchester County or on Long Island,'' said the chamber's vice president of economic development, David Krietor.
Still, he said, he became one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit over independent placement that was ruled on last summer because the officials should do more to prepare teen-agers for independence, particularly those less fortunate than he.
They stared at the 167 department-store-sized racks of dresses and accessories, part of the leftovers abandoned by Mrs. Marcos.
The indispensable guitarists are excellent - Joaquin and Ramon Amador, Agustin Carbonell, Jose and Juan Carmona Carmona and Jose Miguel Carmona Nino.
Graphic Scanning operates one of the largest radio, paging and cellular telephone businesses, as well as pay television systems and a network that electronically receives and transmits records and data communications.
A member of one of America's oldest families tells of the world's oldest profession.
''I didn't expect to have a band by the time I left prison,'' Mr. Kuti said.
Mr. Mason does a job here.
In the best of all possible New York worlds, this is easily done.
Thirty-five officials in the Soviet region of Volgograd have been dismissed in the last two years for corruption and other offenses, the regional Communist Party leader says.
To their conservative critics, the Bishops' program amounted to a recapitulation of liberal programs of the past.
Among these, the author writes, were 3,000 Cossacks who had fled Russia soon after the 1917 revolution and were never Soviet subjects.
Looking at nine permutations of these three techniques, Census officials calculated that the number of people in poverty ranged from 21.5 to 30.4 million.
''To bring the best back to Egypt in great numbers without channels to absorb their ambitions, their energy, can only have very serious consequences, adding one more problem to the accumulation of problems of Egypt.''
Mr. Baker and Mr. Volcker, those monetary allies, now offer different views on the dollar.
Their opponents abandoned the old Graziano emblem, a tower, and ran instead under the name ''Free Democratic Union.''
The United States has said it will not talk to the P.L.O.
American heroes such as George Washington, the Statue of Liberty, Superman and John F. Kennedy are scattered throughout the show, and other illustrated topics include such themes as the Second Coming, the immigrant experience and life on Mars.
Depending on whom you asked last week, the United States economy (a) is strong and may get even stronger, or (b) is showing serious signs of weakness.
Aside from General Danus, the generals whose retirements are thought to strengthen the hand of General Pinochet are Maj. Gen. Alejandro Medina and Brig.
Mercedes Olivo, a maid at the Lombardy Hotel on East 56th Street, found the wounded member of the heron family lying on the pavement Thursday, wrapped it in a Bergdorf Goodman shopping bag and rushed it to the Animal Medical Center, at 510 East 62d Street.
''Aesop's Crow,'' based on Aesop's fable of ''The Vain Jackdaw,'' is almost surely a comment on art that depends upon an appropriation of other artist's styles.
''If you put them next to one another, they may not like it.''
Chopper pilot with his eye on the yellow smoke, Phantom pilot with his afterburner kicked in, B-52 pilot with his briefcase.
One financial analyst suggested that the sudden interest in the Lampoon had been sparked by ''President Reagan and the Iranian arms deal and Ivan Boesky; think what you can do now with a satirical magazine.''
The Mets played the Giants three times and lost twice, and might have lost all three if two of the Giants' infielders hadn't collided under a pop fly in the 10th inning Friday night.
Now Mrs. Goss is Philadelphia's official storyteller, one of the best-known artists of her kind in the country.
With a huge budget for art and public amenities and a design by a prominent architect, Edward Larrabee Barnes, the building certainly has no peers along Seventh Avenue.
The stronger, two-solution bleaches require no mixing - most are applied as two separate applications.
''Think Twice Before You Redecorate.''
They would cost millions each.
membership accessible to all American lawyers, regardless of financial status.
About 10 years ago, a survey concluded that the N.H.L.
''I'm taking a course at Columbia in finance and accounting,'' shouted Fred Horowitz, class of '86, over the deafening funk.
There are, of course, bright spots.
The Interior Department is formulating a new five-year oil and gas leasing plan due early in 1987.
An improved and heavier model of the communications satellite would best be launched in pairs from a shuttle.
Birders are relieved, in their anthropomorphic way, that the bird holds no grudge against humans and is willing to come back and brighten their lives.
Unfortunately, it doesn't take long for the reader to develop battle fatigue.
Any tapered piece of wood can be used, but wood shingles are particulGrly useful for this purpose.
It would become linear - a series of discrete moments, each gone in the blink of an eye.
Some 30 small photographs and daguerreotypes of relatives adorn a small, brocade-covered table in the living room.
Meeting With Observers The statement was issued hours after Mr. Reagan, Secretary of State George P. Shultz and key Administration officials held a 35-minute meeting with Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, and Representative John P. Murtha, Democrat of Pennsylvania, who headed the official 20-member American team that observed the Philippine election.
The bishops' statement, which is to be read in churches Sunday, said, ''In our considered judgment, the polls were unparalleled in the fraudulence of their conduct.''
Finally, Thursday afternoon, Glen Velez and Larry Karush, who have been involved with a wide variety of contemporary music - from jazz to minimalism, from conceptual experimentalism to neo-raga - will play some new works for tambourines, percussion, piano and tabla at St. Mark's Park, at St. Mark's in the Bouwerie.
Dave Wolf, the boxing manager, says Tyson isn't ''one of the revolving-door champions,'' but then adds, ''It ought to be remembered that he's 20 years old and coping with an awful lot of pressures and temptations that have ruined people older than he is.''
The crowd broke up before deputies arrived and there were no arrests, Mr. Robbins said.
Four incumbent Democratic judges and a former judge are threatened with defeat because of a lack of Republican support in Nassau and Suffolk, where Republicans have a heavy edge in voter registration.
You might also pack a small medicine box of nonprescription pharmaceuticals that can be useful in minor emergencies; aspirin, antacid, iodine, antihistamines and Band-Aids come immediately to mind.
* Fallon McElligott Rice of Minneapolis began to reap the rewards of its concentrated effort to shine at last spring's national advertising awards competitions.
But I'd like to see them on a polygraph.''
The Senate Judiciary Committee voted today to recommend confirmation of President Reagan's nomination of William H. Rehnquist to become Chief Justice of the United States and of Judge Antonin Scalia to succeed him as an Associate Justice.
Sure enough, everything had to be opened up, turned out, patted in and out, up and down, back and front until the authorities were satisfied that we were a safe bet.
Mrs. Finch had planned to retire soon.
Most of these issues have shown average equity price increases of 35 percent over the last six months.
It is a transition from stop-go policies and inflationary expansion to a program of monetary and fiscal stability aimed a sustained growth.
Police officials said that they did not know the details of the dispute, which broke out in a back room, but that the women were employees of the massage parlor and that a robbery or shakedown was not involved.
Housekeeping Accounts Among the records subpoenaed from the Bronx and Queens organizations are those of the so-called party housekeeping accounts.
Teh sinking of the elegant Titanic has come to symbolize the end of that age, as the sight of some workmen crushed by a falling Victorian cornice symbolized for young Frank Lloyd Wright the dead weight of functionless architectural decoration.
and Jersey Broadcasts Although WNET is the major public-television outlet in the New York metropolitan area, others in the region, including the four of the New Jersey Public Broadcasting Authority and Channel 21 on Long Island, will carry the broadcast tonight.
The power of the police to arrest citizens and affect the moral complexion of the community demands that police actions be accountable to the public through a civilian administration that has accountability.''
You people - you people of the press really have laid out for us over the past several days now many potential areas for questions.
Still, the exercise of union power for political purposes is laden with difficulties.
But the funniest side-trip is to a meeting of Food Abusers Anonymous, where Miss Leone's testimony turns the slicing of vegetables and the breaking of eggs into a sadistic erotic fantasy.
The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States said yesterday that it had promoted Leo M. Walsh Jr. from chief investment officer to the new position of chief operating officer and had named Richard H. Jenrette to succeed Mr. Walsh.
The city's Planning Commission is currently considering ways to resolve the status of nonartist residents.
Residents like Robert Dick, a retired businessman from Detroit, believe the sewer plant is polluting the river near the source of the spring where a major manatee (sea cow) preserve is situated.
The Administration points out that, deception or no, selling loans results in better management of loan programs.
In addition to signs of general malnutrition, the child may develop symptoms of specific nutrient deficiencies, such as iron-deficiency anemia.
#17 Million People a Year A many as 17 million people cross the English Channel each year.
''I played in the shadow of my brothers,'' he said.
New York City is the heart of the entertainment industry, but it also has the highest taxes.
''We do not have to prove that any ships were sunk, or that any cities were bombed,'' a prosecuting attorney, Robert McDonald, said in closing arguments this week.
Undercover police arrested a Bronx man and charged him with 20 burglaries and robberies since last August of apartments in Manhattan neighborhoods, the police said.
In a nation that cherishes its territorial landmarks and hometowns, the board sticks up for imaginative and distinctive names that describe local topography, folklore and history.
Sir Kenneth's choreography offers a slight analogy in that it includes a great deal of makeshift modern-dance movement outside classical ballet's academic code as well as ballet technique.
A job followed as receptionist at the small, excellent Park Sonnenhof in Vaduz, Liechtenstein.
He graduated from Birmingham-Southern College in Birmingham, Ala., in 1964 and holds a master's degree in English from the University of Alabama.
Because the yen is now so much stronger against the dollar, dollar-denominated trade figures show the trade deficit to be worsening, even if the amount actually fell in yen terms.
That left no one for Don Mattingly, who had three hits, to drive in.
This afternoon, workers scrambled to remove scaffolding from the mauve stucco facade of the six-story building as others rummaged through a tangle of phonograph records, chairs and bar furnishings.
It could be merged into the Defense Authorization Bill for the fiscal year 1987 or sent to a conference with the House, which passed a far less extensive bill last November, or sent to the House to consider separately.
It comes from the Latin ''tertius,'' a third.
The Eritreans are among more than 1.2 million people that the Sudan, the largest country in Africa, has taken in over the years as part of its open-door policy toward refugees.
Students roamed the streets while cordons of riot police officers stood between them and the bridges across the Seine.
The News's immediate problems, though, have less to do with competition than with its own cost of doing business and the changing fortunes of its biggest advertisers, the large retailers with a working-class clientele.
And whatever these letters may have told me about readers and authors, I would say that they have been important to me more in immediate human terms than any literary ones, that they have been more like than unlike letters I've received all my life, and that they've lifted me in much the same way an old friend's letter might after a few days when the mailbox has yielded nothing but a Con Edison bill and the red light on the phone machine has remained insultingly unflashing.
The meal ended with icy cold watermelon and glasses of jasmine tea.
Prices are modest at the Vernon Stiles for more than ample servings.
They would replace Lyle Gramley and J. Charles Partee.
The test was to certify the crew's ability to safely carry out the job.
His mother and sister were sentenced to labor camps.
''We've been to 'Bruin Land' and 'Trojan Land' and have done well,'' Cooper said.
Cattle futures prices declined sharply but hogs rallied to close mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
VMS Realty Partners said a limited partnership it heads had agreed to sell the Hyatt Regency Waikiki Hotel in Honolulu to the Azabu U.S.A.
In his speeches to military and civilian audiences in Cebu, Jolo and this city in southern Mindanao, Mr. Enrile questioned the President's policy of negotiating with Communist insurgents, calling it ''simplistic and naive.''
Sessions tried to explain various controversial statements attributed to him, including one that he considered the American Civil Liberties Union, the NAACP Defense Fund and the National Council of Churches ''un-American'' groups.
However, analysts said these reports had played a minor role in the rally.
To the Editor: In his Feb. 15 Op-Ed article, ''Give Poor Families Tax Relief,'' David Kahan argues that tax reform should be used to assist low-income families.
The Economy The new Senate is expected to quickly consider business topics.
----Nipper to Pitch The Red Sox said their pitcher for the final game of the series Wednesday night would be Al Nipper, who has been on the disabled list since his right knee was slashed badly in a collision at the plate May 18.
If I may follow up, Sir.
Fifteen months ago Mr. Deaver, who was chairman of a White House panel in charge of reviewing diplomatic appointments, persuaded Mr. Reagan to appoint Mr. Dean, a career diplomat, to the New Delhi post instead of giving it to the candidate suggested by the State Department.
''It proved we can beat 'em,'' said Reid afterward.
She said she survives by baby-sitting and waiting tables in a bar and restaurant.
''Reasonable police conduct, and not perfection, is required by the Fourth Amendment,'' the prosecution said.
Waivers on Kirk Springs were recalled because of his sciatica problem, and the defensive back was placed on injured reserve.
In June 1985, a CBN attorney dissolved the foundation and set up a new organization with the same name on the same day, according to state records.
His speech was less political than many had expected after Mr. Cuomo's assertion in a Jan. 19 interview in The New York Times that ''if anything could make me change my mind about running for the Presidency, it's people talking about 'an Italian can't do it, a Catholic can't do it.'
It is Tishman's job to get each of the subcontractors handling various phases of construction to cooperate.
The increase was less than most analysts had expected but showed that the economy would probably keep growing at a satisfactory pace.
''He really got almost nothing,'' notes Suzanne Shively, director of the compensation board.
Trained scientists among the population may understand these isues, but the vast majority of the public does not.
''Children walk four or five kilometers to this school,'' said Mr. Mahamat, his head swathed in the long folds of cloth that are the typical head-covering here.
Such a point is moot since the result would be no different if the special elections commission had reported a 1 percent vote for the opposition candidates.
''As soon as the agreement was reached, Barclays decided that this was an extremely important business for us to be in,'' recalled Lord Camoys, chief executive of Barclays de Zoete Wedd.
The disclosure may have failed to prove his point that the Soviets knew the plane was not an intelligence aircraft and, as far as many intelligence officers were concerned, told Moscow that the United States could intercept important Soviet military communications.
She is an alumna of the Rutgers University School of Law, where she was notes and comments editor of The Computer and Technology Law Journal.
This could be a boon to the handicapped as well as a simple convenience for others.
''It was my intention to lie, and I did,'' he said.
The Tribune Company reported that its first-quarter net income increased more than sixfold from the 1985 quarter, reflecting the sale of The Los Angeles Daily News.
American officials at the State Department and other Federal agencies involved with Intelsat say they have no favorite candidate to succeed Mr. Colino.
But once the match ended, he was revitalized by the cheers of the crowd.
As the commuter persisted, the conductor finally asked the woman, ''Do you want this gentleman to pay your fare?''
''We're talking about gridlock,'' said Hazel Frank Gluck, the Commissioner of Transportation under Governor Kean, whose staff is working on several studies of the growth corridors.
In 1974 it was outrage about Watergate; in 1978, rapidly rising inflation; in 1982, the Reagan recession.
Suddenly, it becomes all too clear that the boys next door - yes, they may indeed be next door, or even closer than that - are not being exploited.
When Thomson left baseball, he was offered no job in the game and sought none.
As a result, he said, reporters can delve more deeply and with less criminal risk on the local level than they can on the national level.
These are the Second Avenue Subway, which was to run parallel to the Lexington Avenue line, and on the 63d Street Tunnel, which was to carry trains between Queens and Manhattan.
With ''Krazy Kat,'' he perfected his fantastical approach and bemused generations.
The reason I didn't give the honoraria is I had nothing else to leverage with.
At the BHA studios, housed in an industrial building within walking distance of the Mamaroneck train station, Barry Howard and his staff of 20 work at a frenetic pace designing the lively, bold exhibits they have created for 13 museums.
As the session went on and on and on, four voting patterns emerged.
The 71-year-old director - who started in show business 50 years ago in New York as an Off Broadway actor - has built a widely admired, if seldom honored, film career by making pictures long on character, depth and social commitment, qualities that are tough to fake.
Muharram is also the first month of the Islamic year, in effect a new beginning.
The winner of the Republican primary will oppose Gov.
Notwithstanding all this, Adderly is actually a quite serious young man, well-spoken, from a prominent Bahamian family.
BankAmerica closed yesterday at 14 3/8, up 3/4.
His father is a managing director of Salomon Brothers Inc. and a trustee of Cornell University.
Western European countries that buy oil from Libya are considered unlikely to endorse a boycott.
And the mansion in Montgomery, the state capital, will be occupied by the first truly country man since Gov.
''If they want to create something new they have to go back to 70's Courreges.''
Mr. Wanzer, who formed a chapter of the National Federation of Drug Free Youth at his high school, is now president of the national organization.
But ''God's Snake'' is an impressive achievement.
''The person sitting across you in a restaurant has also been through a lot.
Plus a total of two victories in the 1969 and 1973 league playoffs and one in the 1969 World Series against the Baltimore Orioles.
So far, the campaign in both parties has been bogged down in a battle of television commercials, with the three major candidates in each party offering competing promises to get tough with criminals.
Recently, the state's Department of Environmental Protection released the results of a statewide drinking-water test that showed that the overwhelming majority of water supplies is of excellent quality, despite the many uncleaned chemical-waste sites in the state.
''We cannot and must not expect Unifil to defend Israel,''' he said.
#4,000 Managers Expected Several hundred managers reported to work yesterday, and 4,000 were expected in tomorrow to handle services including operator services, central office maintenance, and installation, Ms. Christie said.
This is our 25th anniversary.
Brazilian officials said that, once the confidential report had been circulated, they expected to initiate talks with the so-called Paris Club, which brings together 17 creditor governments.
The decision was announced by Foreign Minister Carlos Lopez Contreras in response to statements this week by United States officials that the Reagan Adminstration planned to send soldiers to begin training the rebels as soon as possible after Oct. 1.
Rather, the association itself owns the building and the tenants are merely members.
But on Wednesday night after the Rangers had played gallantly, but lost yet again to the Flyers, Vanbiesbrouck stood in the center of the dressing room and shed some of that weight.
A second and equally important constraint on the Israeli leadership regarding Libya is the public mood in Israel.
ground flour); 14-ounce (Available at Dean package with 4 muffins, & Deluca, 121 $1.95 Prince Street) Zito & Son, Loaf with tapered ends, 1/2 Medium-crisp to 259 Bleecker Street pound, 85 cents first-rate crust; quality may vary *3*Good D & G Bakery, Round thick loaf, 1 pound Pleasantly 45 Spring Street (plus), 80 cents crunchy Baguette-style, 3/4 pound Soft, a bit chewy (plus), $1.15 (Loaf, overall, is moist) Orwasher's Bakery, Round loaf, 14 ounces, Chewy 308 East 78th Street $1.25 Rectangular loaf, 1 pound Chewy (plus), $1.40 Vesuvio Bakery, Loaf with tapered ends, 1 Medium crusty 160 Prince Street pound, 90 cents *3*Fair Monreale, Loaf with tapered ends, 3/4 Crusty 69-35 Myrtle pound (plus), $1.45 Avenue, Glendale, Queens Morrone, Loaf with tapered ends; 3/4 Firm and crusty 324 East 116th pound (plus), $1.90 Street Flat round, 1 pound, $1.20 Soft Niebylski Bakery, Two small loaves joined at Crunchy Astoria, Queens center, 2 pounds, $2.10 Policastro Bakery, Baguette slightly irregular Semicrusty, Hoboken, N.J. in shape; 1 pound, 90 chewy if not cents heated Round loaf, 1 pound, 90 Good, semi- cents crisp; chewy if not heated Bread Maker Inner Crumb Toast Quality *3*Excellent Bread Alone Walnuts offer a nice count- Excellent Boiceville, N.Y. terpoint.
One reason is that competition has not clearly failed.
''But there's not a lot you can do besides preparing for the season earlier and harder.
The Write-Offs Today, individuals with at least $20,000 to invest can easily find deals in real estate that generate write-offs amounting to twice the size of their cash investment in the early years of the deal, known as a 2-to-1 write-off.
Efficacy of the drug treatment was determined by comparing cold infection experience among families that used the drug with those that took a harmless but ineffective spray under the same circumstances.
She said they had opened sea valves on the two ships, Hvalur 6 and Hvalur 7, in Reykjavik harbor.
''I feel like I have more things to accomplish in tennis,'' he said.
It is still considering the issue.
'An Impossible Choice' Legislators are still looking for a way to wiggle out of this particular squeeze, and one alternative involves the use of ''metaphysical money,'' as one Republican aide put it: funds earmarked in last year's budget for Central America that could be redirected to the Philippines.
A Pared-Down Version He was 16 minutes into the speech -a pared-down version of a 137-page booklet in which he laid out programs in some detail - before he had to pause for the first of 21 rounds of applause.
''They're not interested in us as people at most of the truck stops I go in,'' said Mr. Brown.
NEW YORK'S homeless generally come to public attention when winter drives them off the streets and into bus terminals and railroad stations, or when a newspaper exposes the conditions in the welfare hotels for which the city pays upwards of $1,500 a month per room.
He could barely get out and still had to pitch from deep grass.
While leaving the Athens airport, Kim Serour said, they saw a poster comdemning the United States for its stand on Cyprus and depicting a knife plunged into Uncle Sam.
The book, he added, salutes ''an incredibly small band of black artists, poets and writers who unfortunately learned when the Depression shut off the flow of foundation money that not even their outstanding cultural achievements could alter the state of those whose ancestors had been African slaves.''
Now, with the forced hiatus as a result of the Challenger disaster, we have a chance to re-evaluate our commitment and to define our own future in terms of both space exploration and common-sense, free-enterprise economics.
''I don't say anything that pops into my mind.''
It is surely the most unglued - and uproarious - performance of the actor's career.
Much that is at stake in the book turns on Mr. Scruton's answers to such questions as: Is animal behavior ''mediated by, and expressive of, a conception of itself''?
Under his picture, it said: ''Here's an opportunity to ask relevant questions of Governor Thomas Kean about the issues and problems facing New Jersey.''
Presented by Long Wharf Theater, Arvin Brown, artistic director; M. Edgar Rosenblum, executive director.
Disney officials here this week said a new Minnie was to do her first solo turn later this year in ''Totally Minnie,'' a record album.
The lamppost in ''The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe'' still flickers across the deer grove.
''The Reef'' has been called Wharton's most Jamesian novel, but it is merely her least cleverly plotted one.
Construction Employment High ''Construction employment in the city has been running at its best level in over 15 years,'' Mr. Ehrenhalt said, ''but over all, hiring in the New York City economy has been slow in recent months.''
The stock jumped 2 3/8 points the following session, reaching a high of 62 5/8, and it later fetched a record price of 66 1/4.
Included in his nine baskets were such crowd-pleasing shots as a two-handed stuff shot off an alley-oop from John Paxson and a reverse right-side dunk on a pass from Woolridge.
Sperry rose 1/4, to 73 1/8.
Others bombs have gone off in large department stores and in shopping arcades along the Champs-Elysees.
STALLING The title of the photographic exhibition, ''Gothic Choirstalls of Spain,'' in the ground-floor gallery of the Parsons School of Design, 2 West 13th Street (741-8900), is, although accurate and descriptive, perhaps puzzling to those not up on ancient cathedral furnishings.
The Sensor has been on the market two years and the Quantum has recently arrived in stores.
The author, incredibly, provides reasons for all this.
Fencik is the free safety.
White House and other Administration officials predicted that the proposal involving the Nicaraguan rebels, the details of which are being shaped by an interagency group, would probably meet strong Congressional resistance.
Qualifications of auditors' reports are closely watched indications of potential financial difficulties for corporations.
Mr. Gold said he was recalling the bill -killing it for this legislative session - because the news organizations had persuaded him that it was ''landmark legislation'' about which they had ''substantial questions that had the right to a hearing.''
Tickets $1,000, from Carole Southall at 212-355-0495.
* United Jersey Bank N.A., Princeton, N.J., said its board had approved a supplementary plan of acquisition for about 26,000 Franklin State Bank shares not already held by United Jersey.
Mr. Alter, the son of Mr. and Mrs. James M. Alter of Chicago, is an alumnus of Phillips Academy and Harvard, class of '79.
There is even some talk among analysts that I.B.M.
The pilot, Dick Rutan, 46 years old, and the co-pilot Jeana Yeager, 32, were exchanging places at the controls every six to seven hours.
Most actors from the Guthrie production were asked by Mr. Ciulei to repeat their roles at the Pepsico festival.The director has long been a connoisseur of American performance.
The floors have been polished; the draperies framing the diamond-patterned leaded-glass windows have been freshened with a fabric that looks as if it might have been the original from 1939.
It is quite easy to get Kenyan literature and scholarly books about Kenyan literature.
In a 66-count indictment, the Nassau County District Attorney, Denis Dillon, charged Joseph R. Vittorio, 63 years old, of North Massapequa, and John Lally, 71, of Massapequa Park, with accepting bribes from carters.
She was formerly artistic coordinator for the Opera Association of St. Louis, and education coordinator for the Fort Worth Opera Association.
United States officials say they would like to add Japan and other industrialized countries to the list of donors.
Shredded Ham and Chicken In Mustard Sauce #2 cups cooked chicken, cut into matchstick-size shreds #1 1/2 cups cooked ham, cut into matchstick-size shreds #2 cups shredded carrots #1 cup shredded celery #2 cups fresh bean sprouts, rinsed lightly and drained The mustard sauce: 1 tablespoon mustard powder #2 tablespoons hot water 1/2 cup plum or duck sauce #3 tablespoons clear rice vinegar #2 tablespoons sesame oil #1 tablespoon soy sauce #1 teaspoon salt #1 tablesspoon sugar #18 steamed spring roll wrappers or Mandarin pancakes.
'A Kind of Verbal War' Mr. Willensky pauses a moment, perhaps to catch his breath.
''Israel is eager and willing,'' the aide said.
SOMETIMES, WHEN HE IS SPEAKING about AIDS, Myron Essex sounds like a man possessed.
In a statement, the department found that Mrs. Whittlesey might have misused the fund by purchasing, among other things, a $700 guitar, four bicycles, two curling irons and a $1,200 airplane ticket for a Congressional staff aide who flew to Switzerland to entertain guests at a July 4 embassy party.
Schaffel was joined by David Gerstein, one of the Nets' primary owners.
Al MacInnis and Colin Patterson scored goals, and Mike Vernon, the rookie goaltender, made 17 saves tonight to send the Calgary Flames into the Stanley Cup final with a 2-1 victory over the St. Louis Blues.
Herbs A change of diets with less use of salt and fats has put an emphasis on the more subtle flavorings of herbs.
Indeed, that Schubert perennial is on the roster, along with a Rossini Quartet and the String Serenade of Beethoven (232-0085).
The guidelines are the product of a meeting that S.E.C.
In the case of the safety products, light and medium advertising brought sales gains of as much as 200 percent over a 12-month period, while high advertising expenditures caused a 500 percent increase over the no-advertising period.
News of Cattle-Farm Sale North of Beekman, just outside Poughkeepsie in the town of LaGrange, residents became concerned at the news last July that Karl Ehmer had sold his 650-acre cattle farm - which he had operated there for more than 30 years - to a developer from Westchester County who plans a 650-unit condominium development with an 18-hole golf course.
The public schools are to be closed for spring vacation March 28 through April 4, which includes Easter.
According to the respected financial daily, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, the Government was debating whether to cut off purchases of coal and iron ore that last year formed a considerable share of Japan's $1 billion in imports from South Africa.
And then there was the time the United States Attorney's office asked Gorsart to outfit a witness in the trial of the heroin-trafficking ring known as the ''pizza connection.''
Mr. Hubbard left office eight years ago and died in 1982.
''The whole idea that the Soviet Union is going to capture the United States is completely wrong and false, and that is why shooting such a film would not facilitate understanding between our countries,'' Mr. Malakhov said.
libraries abroad in the early 50's, he undercut freedom of expression and presented liberals with an easy target; three decades later, he was able to put his man in as head of the U.S.I.A.
''It gives you a thrill when you make the perfect sandwich, when the pickles are placed just perfectly on the plate,'' she said, flashing a colorful watch and grinning an earnest, freckle-faced grin.
The re-election of the 47-year-old leader, Ruud Lubbers, insured there would be no reconsideration of the Netherlands' wrenching decision to deploy 48 American ground-launched cruise missiles in 1988.
Longshoremen in New York and Boston reached tentative agreement with four major employer groups on a new three-year contract.
The solitude is interrupted every now and then by groups of hikers who come to admire the work of the Afforestation Department.
In Peking, where more than five million bicyclists vie for as much of the paved surface as possible, 72 people, most of them bicyclists, were killed in automobile accidents.
Efficiency abides, along with some of the more abusive aspects of modern life.
In 1961, he was assigned to the Church of Our Lady of the Rosary in Manhattan, and in 1962, he was appointed to the staff of St. Patrick's Cathedral.
White, especially in the form of full-length overcoats, is turning up in welcome profusion, adding a discernible measure of cheer to sidewalks.
He says he does not think the officials ever understood, but 30 years later he still has the cellar where his friends continue to perform each weekend.
His Leafs - the joke of the National Hockey League the last several seasons - are leading the league's Norris Division.
He conceded that the aviation agency had initiated corrective actions, but he contended that many appeared short of what was needed to put the inspection program in order.
In return, he will be working a lot more - in the 47th Precinct in the Bronx.
Dramatic as the computer findings are, their sheer random effectiveness may leave both kinds of players cold.
Once Had No Schools ''In 1965 and 1966, times were very bad for Jakarta,'' General Sadikin said.
The same unwillingness to call for Government help showed on other questions.
The buyer who pays year in and year out may end up obsessed with the seller's health, taking personal offense when he or she recovers from a broken hip or flu and feeling pronounced hostility toward family doctors and nursing companions.
Begin, in a decision that would add several billion dollars to the total cost of the Lavi, decided: ''The air force commander is the expert, and if he says a larger plane is needed we have to abide by his decision.''
Mr. Shultz also noted approvingly that the new Justice Minister, Gerard Gourgue, ''stressed that his ministry's primary mission was to insure that all Haitians enjoyed justice impartially and that judicial decisions were respected.''
It is set in the fictional Testing Service for the Reintegration of Historical Personalities, which is run by a harried historian modeled after Prof. Ingrid Mittenzwei, author of ''Frederick II of Prussia: A Biography.''
Working in a studio at the school of the National Ballet in Toronto, the Robledos teach the earthy magic of flamenco rhythms, steps, postures and gestures.
The vote yesterday on reopening the issue was 4 to 3.
''Tokyo: Form and Spirit'' results from a love affair with the Japanese capital that began when, in 1982, Mr. Friedman and his wife, Mildred (who serves the Walker as its design curator), traveled widely in Japan with a view to preparing a show.
My heart stops when I hear the squeal of brakes on our busy street.
This mixture is heated until thickened and then poured into an oiled pan and allowed to set.
He added that as he grew older and ''started making money'' he became more conservative ''in the Sam Nunn tradition.''
Silk, the economics columnist of The New York Times since 1970 and the author of 15 books about economics and related subjects, lives in Montclair.
The poll also has something to say about the kinds of people who bought used cars last year.
Across the nation, the leap in insurance rates strains local government.
The pesky perennial, typically a target of chemical sprays, garden hoes and verbal abuse, is a valuable agricultural crop that brings about $300,000 to $400,000 a year to the area, where it is grown mostly for use as salad greens.
They were just behind a Polish squad that captured the Olympiad team title in 1984, and scored big victories against star American groups led by Edgar Kaplan, Matthew Granovetter, Sam Stayman and Jim Jacoby.
More important, it signaled our intention to maintain fiscal integrity and run New York State on a solid fiscal footing.
I was so scared my knees were knocking together.''
Turn left at Winchell Corners for about a mile to go across the weir that divides the reservoir, but then return to Route 28.
Nowhere is the breakdown more evident than in the programming of the New York Philharmonic, which plays a few cautiously modern pieces during the subscription weeks but has set up a postseason ghetto for the stuff that its regular concertgoers might be tempted to scorn, if not ignore altogether.
29 The Yankees reeled off six straight hits and scored five runs in the fifth.
She's also become something of a celebrity on the Upper West Side.
He was 60 years old and had lived in Yarmouth, Me., since 1983.
''She taught me and my father before me to wash. People of our class were all taught to wash by nannies from the British Isles.
What Mary - and the rest of the people in this fiercely lyrical new novel - see receding before their eyes are not just their shared memories of a particular time and place, but also their private dreams of unconditional family love.
Other analysts, however, warned that precisely such reactions might be part of the gains the Communists were so eager to make in seeking a cease-fire.
It has a stone foundation and is comprised of a central section with adjoining north and south wings.
Vietnam notified the United States today that it was suspending talks on resolving the question of Americans still listed as unaccounted for from the Vietnam War, the State Department said.
''If you go in on the crime without the background, you have no understanding of who the people are,'' says Miss Baerwald of NBC.
The work that wears best is the work that is farthest from anything that could fairly be called Op Art.
In any event, after playing 50 games, many of them with pain and frustration, Ewing's season is over.
A18 Catastrophic illness insurance A1 Safety test for space shuttle A14 Corrections war at papers A16 Nuclear evacuation proposal A19 Curran protests ''suspension'' A21 Delco strike affects G.M.
In 13 meals together, they had become our good friends.
Five years later there was a new, larger, younger audience, the ''angel-dust crowd,'' who, ''if they raised clenched fists, it was in stadiums for heavy-metal bands.''
He did not consult the board on the private accord, causing a near revolt on the board and spurring Mr. Beattie and Mr. Sadowsky's discussions with the Mayor, board members said.
The disorders are premenstrual syndrome and two types of disturbed personalities, ''self-defeating'' and ''sadistic.''
''But the interest has also been due to the fact that the futures markets are increasingly dominated by financial instruments like stock indexes and currency futures, and those products seem a little less exotic than cattle or soybean futures.''
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts for failing to approve emergency plans.
According to Mr. Galyon, the 12 tons distributed this year was the most ever.
Offstage, they seem a thoughtful and articulate group with a wide range of interests.
----Reaction to Knife Throwing The Angels beefed up their security for this series as a result of a knife-throwing incident Aug. 26 at the Stadium.
Revenue for the quarter was up 1.2 percent, to $16.3 billion, from $16.1 billion in the corresponding period a year earlier.
The new design guidelines were detailed, specifying building heights, setbacks, facade treatments and other elements borrowed from the city's best residential sections, including Fifth Avenue, Central Park West, West End Avenue, Riverside Drive, Tudor City and Gramercy Park.
The sale Friday was the first step in the dissolution of Treasure Salvors Inc. Mr. Fisher said last August that he would liquidate because the company had served its purpose in finding the sunken galleon Nuestra Senora de Atocha.
The salvage crew he hired from the Philadelphia area - which at one point grew to seven men - removed everything with hammers, chisels, pulleys, hand wrenches and other nonelectrical equipment.
And leases for commercial space on Ninth Avenue would be let to neighborhood-oriented retail and service businesses at affordable rents.
He was also on the board of the Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball Club, of the Mellon National Corporation, now the Mellon Bank Corporation, and was a member of the advisory committee of the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera Company.
During the Depression, he says, he made money in the milk business, purchased car dealerships and then invested in real estate, buying land when Paramus was farm country and selling when it became suburb.
According to a Detroit Free Press poll of 1,352 Republican voters questioned as they left polling places in today's statewide primary, Mr. Lucas had 48.6 percent of the vote and Dick Chrysler was second with 34.2 percent.
All in all, though, the city does not seem to be getting a bad deal.
That kind of pressure is so enormous, he says, that even when the pilot regains consciousness, it takes 20 to 30 seconds to get command of his reflexes.
The Jets, revamping their offensive line, had only a pair of rookies backing up the tackle positions, and the starting spots were being manned by players who had not been there last season.
Her most recent performance of ''Salome'' was at Art Galaxy, a New York art gallery that is presenting ''The Intruder'' in cooperation with the Guggenheim.
* Filtertek Inc. has withdrawn its proposed offering of 1.25 million common shares because of a weak market.
April 15 Is Cutoff Date Workers have until April 15 to set up an I.R.A., make a deposit and claim a deduction for it on their tax return for 1985.
There was, however, one consolation.
He did not smoke and rarely drank liquor.
In more than three hours on the stand at the Old Bailey criminal court this morning and Monday afternoon, Ann Murphy had spoken in barely audible tones and avoided the gaze of Nezar Hindawi, the Jordanian accused of trying to send her on an El Al jumbo jet with a half-inch-thick sheet of deadly explosive hidden in her carry-on bag.
If current evidence is to be trusted, words are going out of style anyway.
Partly as a result of their trips, the kitchen that Mrs. Malamud installed two years ago in her home is modern, all white and filled with light.
Salomon Brothers International is offering in the Euromarket ''put'' and ''call'' warrants for European Currency Units, a basket of 10 European currencies.
At Natchitoches, La., student registration was lower than expected at three schools involved in a five-day school boycott called by black parents to protest court-ordered busing.
Why not market a catalogue called Me and My Folks?''
Mr. Arafat seemed to be alluding to Carter's commitment to the right of Palestinians in Israeli-occupied territories to be given some autonomy during a transition period before determining their own future.
The film, with its lovely, elegiac pacing and its tremendous depth of feeling, was, according to an opening title, ''inspired by incidents in the lives of Bud Powell and Francis Paudras,'' the American pianist and the French jazz enthusiast who befriended him.
''It's a good try, but indexation is so much entrenched in the system that I don't know how well the measures will work,'' said an officer at a major West Coast bank who is in charge of Latin American loans.
Among the attractions are Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, the Mauna Kea lava flows, Akaka Falls, the surf of Laupahoehoe Point, the white-, green- and black-sand beaches of the Hamakua and Kona coasts, the Kona Coffee Mill, the City of Refuge National Park, the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory and such historic fishing villages as Napoopoo in Kealakekua Bay.
But he is on safe ground saying that many teachers have been trained and conditioned to rely on prepackaged programs, and are not eager to assume responsibility for what they teach, even if their supervisors allowed it.
The study, published in the current issue of The New England Journal of Medicine, was conducted on 79 infants whose weight at birth averaged about two and a half pounds.
The cancel also will be used on Saturday and Sunday, but the Friday date cancel offers an unusual opportunity to obtain a ''second site'' first day cover.
But for most people in the metropolitan area whose August has been either steamily humid or sopping wet, yesterday was ideal - sunny and very dry.
There will be another performance of ''Pelleas'' - the last of three - on Tuesday at 8.
Mr. Rourke cited ''these extraordinary budget times'' and ''the fiscal environment'' on Capitol Hill as key ingredients in spurring the new attempt at cooperation.
Dean Redlich, who has been associated with the New York University Law School since 1958, when he became a lecturer, became the school's dean in 1975.
''One reason is that many analysts are loath to issue sell recommendations, since they realize the companies they cover are very sensitive to such judgments,'' he added.
He spends little time there, preferring to train and ride in cross-country races.
c-Net loss after a loss from discontinued operations of $3,036,464.
- not only was 19 B-Q3 and 20 R-QB4 a potent threat, but the rook was poised to cross over for kingside defense, as actually happened in the game.
Break the eggs into a heat-proof earthenware or metal mixing bowl.
But it came out just over $14,000.''
The opening of her ranch (''Temple Beth Malibu,'' Mr. Williams called it) guaranteed the evening's aura of exclusivity; and the event probably was sold out as much because ''it was the place to be'' as because of its political significance.
In a call to a Western news agency here today, an Arabic-speaking man said Islamic Holy War wanted to question the French television crew about what he termed its ''suspicious movements in the Islamic suburbs.''
Klein, who was a friend of Kline, cherished the mistake as evidence of his own immortality - until his own death a few months later, at the age of 34.
The music combines beautiful melodic writing with coloratura fireworks.''
Although South Africa took itself out of the Commonwealth 25 years ago rather than bend to its strictures on apartheid, the Botha Government at first appeared to welcome the negotiating overtures of the seven Eminent Persons, who were appointed by the 49-nation group after Britain held out against a program of sanctions last October.
''I think there's been lots of damage in the market,'' said Alan Ackerman, an analyst with the brokerage firm of Herzfeld & Stern.
He said his students ''were pretty psyched up and once we got started there was no stopping them.''
He paused briefly to cut up the rabbit, which was to be cooked in a white wine sauce.
Their bodies were found in a wooded area of Mizpah, one on June 18 and the other the next day.
* Tissue-typing, essential to determining the level of radiation exposure and finding suitable marrow donors, was impossible in many cases because the radiation had already destroyed blood components, particularly the white cells essential to accurate typing.
He was already a nervous wreck, having not anticipated this much difficulty against Zivojinovic, an amiable giant who is ranked 36th and was unseeded at Wimbledon.
Anyone studying the history of the French Revolution, for instance, would have to read historians who see the revolution as a result of economic determinism, those who see it purely as political history and those who have synthesized various theories with their empirical data - the documents found in their own research.
Much of the atmosphere derives from Gene Moore's costumes - close fitting caps that match the loincloths (the women are in nude-looking leotards) and a dark backcloth whose archipelego designs are brought into relief by Jennifer Tipton's dramatic lighting.
That means sometimes, in music stressing the pastoral aspects of the instrument - like Schubert's ''Shepherd on the Rock,'' which he did at the Y a couple of months ago with Arleen Auger - that he sounds rougher than his peers.
Together with the pain of unhealing wounds and the agony of irretrievable losses, it has become part and parcel of our flesh and blood.
In a text file, for example, the lines appearing on screen are followed during scrolling by the lines directly below them, or directly above them in the case of reverse scrolling.
Authorities speculate that Bushman art was done between 2,000 years ago and the late 19th century.
Many of the youngsters have drug problems and have had run-ins with the law.
QUESTION: Did any teams in the Big East and Atlantic Coast Conferences play each other this season?
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and daytime telephone number.
As conservatives put their own special spin on the family debate, progressives seem ambivalent and defensive.
''There's a misperception that we choose our applicants in a quirky and idiosyncratic way,'' Mr. Furstenberg said.
Yes, some corporate structures contain too many layers of management that lead to bureaucracy and inefficiency.
On the other hand, price rises for fruit and vegetables accelerated and restaurant meals rose five-tenths of 1 percent.
Special-effects photography is limited only by the photographer's imagination and technical skill.
In a healthy commercial relationship, the buyer cares about price and quality and doesn't give a fig about his vendor's political opinions.
To a great extent, the changes that will reshape the Big Five, or destroy it, symbolize college basketball's growth into a multimillion-dollar business.
''We had already set up a bar and food on the beach for everyone.''
Pricing Pattern Changed It calculated that customers would save $22 billion over River Bend's estimated life of 30 years.
One would have expected Black to play 13 ... P-QR3 in preparation to seize space on the queen's wing with the thematic ... P-QN4.
Sir Colin Davis is certainly one.
Quixotic, charismatic and possessed of a singular gift, the late John Lennon was also a man of deep conviction, whose musical and humanistic goals were often intricately entwined.
He says he particularly enjoys the logistical puzzles involved in running the complex operation - insuring, for instance, that the proper garments arrive at the right place and time and in the correct quantity.
It is expected, however, that the month-to-month trend will be headed down by the end of 1986.
In the early spring of 1984, Mr. Gephard released 60,000 young salmon from holding tanks here along the Farmington River, a tributary of the Connecticut.
''A reasonable request is one that includes taking into consideration technological difficulties and economics,'' Mr. Gault said.
Indeed publicity for the book gives a whole new meaning to the phrase, ''a writer's style'' (a rather different meaning than the one E. B.
After years of unimaginative stonewalling during the declining days of Leonid I. Brezhnev and the lieutenants who briefly replaced him, Yuri V. Andropov and Konstantin U. Chernenko, American officials have had to contend with an activist who plays the game with the panache of a statesman.
The Voyager encountered several serious storms, and hours before landing lost 3,400 feet in altitude when one of the two engines stalled for five minutes.
Is he himself interested in choreography, as Mr. Sewell is?
Today many of Sun Valley's visitors are young families who prefer the comfort of a condominium with kitchen and television set to a hotel room.
Hockey Canadiens vs. Calgary Flames, at Montreal.
It is important for all residents to be heard from rather than just a representative few, Mr. Bernstein said, so that work can be completed in a timely fashion and not be held up by such difficulties as lack of access to one apartment, which could hold up progress throughout the building.
Miss Powell said the others would be tried a few at a time each week through early July.
It's everything from government relations to complex and changing technology to keeping track of three or more marketplaces and product life cycles that are getting shorter.''
Although Jyoti means ''light'' in Tamil, her plane ticket cost more than $16,000, largely because she weighs 2,900 pounds.
It appeared some of the occupants were asleep when the fire broke out, Captain Mulhall said.
After the bath comes, naturally, the banquet; so there is a two-story high hall, with tall windows topped by oculi, little round ones, and a sumptuous late-Baroque stucco decor of garlands, trophies and putti, as well as marble basins; the ceiling, unfortunately, suffers from a less than adequate restoration.
One can easily imagine a default, say in the junk bond market, that would bring the salability and hence liquidity of these instruments to an abrupt halt.
But the Senate plan is regarded as being simpler for individuals than the House version.
In India he is the leader of a tiny sect.
The child's eyes brightened and then began to shed tears.
He left for the world of book publishing.
The network company earned $1.9 million, or 12 cents a share, before a large extraordinary gain.
''This is a dream come true for the Acting Company,'' Mr. Houseman told the audience of several hundred theater and film notables and friends.
In the early hours of July 31, 1968, Lenore Mussenden, a 21-year-old college student, was shot once in the chest by a man who confronted her in front of her Staten Island apartment building.
It is as if they - like the judge - have been paralyzed by the limited prospects of ''Kill,'' fumbling lines and grasping for giggles.
Clemson dropped to 5-2 and 3-1 with a five-game winning streak broken.
Most of the new cases, whose processing began after the review agencies were reorganized in each state in 1984, are in the early phase.
Two weeks before the Los Angeles Olympics, the International Soccer Federation changed its Olympic eligibility rules.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
''The second ''Masterpiece Theater'' presentation of the season is based on the James Hilton novel and stars Roy Marsden.
A notorious offender was a freebooter named William Walker, who believed it was his manifest destiny to rule Central America.
A note about Miss Millo, who perked up our ears last season in ''Simon Boccanegra'' and ''Ernani.''
Oil Slightly Higher Crude oil settled unchanged to 40 cents higher with the contract for delivery in May at $11.83 a barrel; heating oil was 0.05 cent to 0.20 cent higher with May at 38.84 cents a gallon, and leaded gasoline was 0.23 cent lower to 0.35 cent higher with May at 42.52 cents a gallon.
The new law creates a Long Island Power Authority with discretion to purchase and operate Lilco, paying off the stockholders with the proceeds of the sale of tax-exempt bonds.
Pontiac plans to import a small car from Daewoo of South Korea in 1987 and Ford is expected to call its Korean-made car the Festiva.
''One of the problems is that there is no time limit on how long the agencies can take to act on a draft environmental review,'' said Frank S. Fish, a partner in the architectural firm of Buckhurst Fish Hutton Katz and past president of the metropolitan-area chapter of the American Planning Association.
A few weeks later, Mr. Marcos issued a decree that only mills owned by the United Coconut Planters Bank - Mr. Marcos had created that, too, and Mr. Enrile was the chairman - would receive Government subsidies.
Joseph Pulitzer, for example, raised money for the Statue's pedestal - and, at the same time, upped the circulation of The New York World by printing the names of donors.
It seems to me that there are dozens - hundreds?
And finally, two extraordinary art books: ''Edgar Degas: Life and Work,'' by Denys Sutton (Rizzoli, 343 pages; $70), a luxuriously illustrated biography of the French Impressionist painter who has remained somewhat remote compared with his more flamboyant contemporaries, and ''American Watercolors,'' by Christopher Finch (Abbeville, 312 pages; $85), a spectacular historical survey of a fiendishly difficult medium where accident is often the gateway to accomplishment, filled with illustrations of works not often put on view to the public because of their sensitivity to light.
''But nowadays when you have a cop on the beat, there's more emphasis on community relations.''
But if George Steinbrenner and the White Sox keep talking, sooner or later maybe Tom Seaver will go to the Yankee clubhouse in Yankee Stadium, not to the visiting team's clubhouse.
He spoke in an interview Tuesday with Mike Wallace, a reporter for CBS News, to be broadcast Sunday on ''60 Minutes.''
''If you rattle a bag of doughnuts anywhere near him, he'll know it, and be disappointed if he doesn't get any - you can see the change of expression on his face.
My accident could have been prevented by the use of a seat belt.
That's the ultimate charm of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings law.
Then floodlights, in successive stages, bathed the statue in light.
To the Editor: ''Move the Mail, or the Postal Service'' (editorial, June 16) invites a ''serious debate about postal reform,'' noting public frustration over ''mail that takes three days to cross town,'' other service failures and rising costs.
ROBERT C. CHRISTOPHER, secretary, Pulitzer board.
Hyundai, a Korean company with a mini-car priced at $4,995, has sold almost 50,000 cars since sales began in late February.
Was it pleasing to revisit the scenes of his youth, the caller asked.
b-Net income and includes a writedown of $2.2 million on oil and gas properties for the quarter.
Beyond that, said the spokesman, William J. Sherrard, it was too soon to tell how the nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union would affect the American nuclear industry.
There are really four levels of television coverage of New Jersey.
In April 1982, the City and State moved in the District Court for an order holding petitioners in contempt.
In the current fiscal year, Congress approved $184 million; for the next fiscal year, the Administration plans to seek $228 million.
Flick International also markets customized food service to senior citizens, corporate nutrition programs and summer camps.
But the biggest complaint about the Government's survey is the widespread suspicion that many employers underestimate or even fabricate the data they give the Government.
But Senator Richard G. Lugar, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said today that he would not deal with Angola until later next month.
Neither is there a screening room or a film critics' society.
The team of Feuer and Ritzer exited, as did the Broadway veteran Zev Bufman.
It would have been a privilege to contribute as a candidate to a vision of the future worthy of their hopes.''
''A number of our recent shows, such as 'Image and Reality,' a show of children's drawings from Terezin, a concentration camp in Czechoslovakia, had rather heavy-duty, depressing themes, and we felt a need for a change of pace,'' said Linda Altshuler, the museum's director.
Governor Kean, vacationing on Fishers Island, N.Y., telephoned Chief Justice Wilentz in his Perth Amboy law office.
As it happens, public television is having a very interesting season, although, as is often the case in public television, our attention is deflected by other things.
Her word is likely to carry weight in view of her support for the United States' bombing of Libya.
But the image also masks another Atlanta.
After some round-the-clock negotiations and an ultimatum from Mayor Vincent C. Schoemehl Jr., Harry Ornest agreed early yesterday to the sale of the St. Louis Blues for $19 million to a group of investors led by Michael Shananan, a local businessman.
Regulation was heavy: ''Conditions'' controls, in addition to price controls, meant that a landlord could not get even a permitted rent increase if an apartment failed to meet prescribed standards of habitability, and an elaborate inspection system was required.
As for the former President, he complained in a lawsuit that he was being held prisoner in his swank hotel in the resort of Talloires.
Mr. Stevenson was affiliated with Walt Disney Pictures for 22 years and made many fantasy and adventure films aimed at young audiences.
The strike is taking place in the context of a debate over who is running the city: the unions or the Goode administration.
I am sure Mr. Mills is right when he states that narcotics tycoons are laughing at the crocodile tears being spilled upon the drug problem.
Satisfying tempura dinners for about $12 a person can be had at Hageten (561-1668) on a narrow street behind the Mikimoto pearl store on the Ginza and at the better-known Ten-Kuni (571-1092), whose main branch is near the Shimbashi train station.
If the Democrats score a net gain of four Senate seats next fall and regain control of that chamber, President Reagan is reportedly preparing to nominate Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, if a Supreme Court opening occurs in the remaining years of Mr. Reagan's term.
In another good-will gesture, Rabbi Yoel Solomon, the Chief Rabbi of Petah Tiqva, east of Tel Aviv, announced today that he and his followers were suspending their regular Friday night protest demonstration outside the Hechal movie theater in Petah Tiqva.
Many, many hundreds are dead and wounded by radiation, but maybe many, many more.''
In April, OSHA slapped Union Carbide Corporation with a $1.4 million fine, the biggest in the agency's history, for chemical hazards in its plants.
In France, for example, it is relatively commomplace to find menus that offer a menu de degustation, or tasting, in which the customer is served samples of dishes that appear on the main menu.
Harvard has left a deep impress on American culture and society ever since it was founded in 1636, in the reign of Charles I, and named after John Harvard, a young minister who, when he died, left the college 400 books and a valuable interest in a London tavern.
Even when he travels, he combines business with pleasure.
But subsequent statements the same day by President Reagan and Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger did not make that claim directly.
Christy G. Turner 2d, a professor of anthropology at Arizona State University, concluded that the founding Siberian-American people must have come from North China 20,000 years ago, probably in three waves of migrations of different but related people.
The indictment said that Mr. LaRouche ''dominates and controls'' the National Caucus of Labor Committees, a political group that was among those charged today with conspiring to obstruct justice.
Supposedly, White gets an even game with 9 R-B1, but Miles was surely, if wrongly, trying for more with 9 PxBP?!
The bedroom is furnished with a bunk bed, a crib the twins share and a dresser.
It was this final challenge by Mr. Enrile and General Ramos that helped force Mr. Marcos out of power.
''Peerless actress, peerless star, she has excelled in stage, screen and television playing everything from virtuous young ingenues to Victorian queens,'' her citation said.
''You have to do that periodically.
Mr. Arad said Yad Vashem had gathered depositions from witnesses who accused Mr. Demjanjuk of a degree of brutality that made him stand out even among the other Ukrainian auxiliaries of the Germans in the camp in which 870,000 Jews were killed in the 13 months of its existence.
In other disputes, French and American scientists have disagreed over which country was first to identify the virus that causes AIDS and to develop a test to detect it.
And some experts say that will be obliged to put some limits on the new forms of liability.
Thus, more than 20 percent of its assets had been misused, investigators said.
The coins are a potential bonanza for the Government.
If Mr. Kurzman seriously considers a 20-year-old book that was reissued more than six months ago in a modest number of copies to be a competitive adversary, I can only say I am flattered beyond belief.
''We need now to define what its purpose is and to ask ourselves whether the operating of Grand Central Terminal is consistent with life in this century.''
You know it would hurt to, say, experience a bullet through the head, but other things you're not so sure about.
Now the earliest the Yankees can be eliminated from the American League East race is Friday.
Gold prices slipped, with a 25-cent decline in New York, to $347.50.
In some instances these violent confrontations were part of a larger, more elaborate thematic structure in which the writer achieved a balanced presentation through character analysis and examination of the social context in which the incidents occurred.
Disagreement persists over whether there should be amendments.
Young also was upset by Selakovich's statement that the Giants made a gross profit of $4.65 million last year.
France's Conservative Government will begin its ambitious privatization program Monday by offering shares in Saint-Gobain S.A., a state-owned glass and construction materials maker nationalized by the Socialists in 1982.
''We built our lives around the idea of the American dream, that if you got educated and worked hard, you could get there,'' she said.
Dad is Joey King Sr. (James Quinn), who was part of a successful singing group in the 50's and now pumps gas and drinks beer.
When the McLaughlins were first told they would be found an apartment, they were introduced to the future landlord, Julia Agada, to see if the family would be acceptable to her, Mr. Smith said.
''Nicaragua energetically and categorically denies these false and irresponsible accusations, which are intended to create conditions in which the United States can justify new and more serious acts of aggression against the people and Government of Nicaragua,'' the Foreign Ministry said.
Mr. Kilburn disappeared Dec. 3, 1984, and had not been heard from since.
''If a tenor sings really well, and doesn't venture too far out of his repertory, he should be able to sing well into his 50's,'' said Mr. Cole, who is 36.
Number two, they'll always remember the people you missed on, never the people you hit on.''
The Norwest Corporation said it had agreed to sell eight of its banks in southern Minnesota and seven branch offices in South Dakota to various buyers.
filing said, Mr. Zilkha purchased 300,000 shares of J. P. Stevens stock on the open market for prices ranging from $30.25 to $34.62.
Be advised that many children consider this half of Epcot something of a drag.
It has been clear from the beginning of this operation, whose various scenarios were apparently carefully rehearsed in Washington weeks ago, that it could be seen as offering plenty in the way of additional benefits.
Since then, Lewis Smith, a former wrestler who, according to his father, is 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs about 230 pounds, has worked at a publications-distribution table at Dulles Airport.
The reactions in both capitals have dismayed American officials and underscored the difficulty of Washington's attempt to be friendly with two countries that deeply distrust each other and have fought three wars since 1947.
If the great pubs all seem to be in the past, all needing a journey down forgotten lanes in my father's long-vanished Morris Oxford, The Bull and Butcher at Turville will have to do for now.
Ambassador Burt's assumption that there are somehow agreed-upon definitions of and solutions to these challenges is just that: an assumption, not based on any examination of real interests.
But is it appropriate to right this wrong by repeating the bias in the other direction?
Business and Higher Education ''While we do not anticipate that Government's role will decline in the coming years, it is clear that business and higher education must shoulder much more responsibility for space research and development,'' Dr. Goldberger said in a prepared statement.
The man before us cannot sit in the chair without eventually upending himself in one sudden, almost imperceptible flip of his body.
In the Oct. 5 article ''Center Treats Lupus Sufferers,'' no mention was made about the Lupus Foundation of America's Long Island-Queens Chapter.
She received the Jarvik-7 artificial heart on Dec. 19 and a donor heart on Jan. 31.
Connecticut's credit card war heated up on Thursday as the Hartford-based Society for Savings announced a new interest rate of 10.9 percent.
Mr. Manes, Federal investigators said, has been implicated by a partner in one of the collection agencies as being involved in kickbacks for contracts at the parking bureau.
These same suit jackets can mix with other trouser styles and serve double duty as a sport coat.
The losing team gets $1,500 each for 90 pieces of jewelry of its choice.
Thomas, who completed 11 of 14 passes for 112 yards, split defenders on a 10-yard touchdown run that gave Arkansas a 14-7 lead late in the third quarter.
To give work places a more homelike character, chairs, sofas and desks were made in natural woods rather than high-tech metal and chrome, seeming more crafted than machined.
I wonder what the United States reaction would be if it discovered a Soviet arsenal of proportionate size smuggled into this country by Cuban trawlers.
By the time he resigned in mid-1986, the fund's net assets had grown to $946.5 million.
This investing strategy requires special analytical skills and, often, a lot of patience.
Mr. Tucker, who narrowly lost a race for a union district directorship in June and is challenging that election, condemns what he calls the established labor movement's ''tendency to bureaucratize and defend the status quo.''
It's laudatory that we can do something in the interests of national defense.''
I was as ready as I'm ever going to be.
Contrary to the belief of some physicians that ''you can't teach caring,'' Dr. Lipkin has found that doctors can learn how to see things from the patient's perspective and how to interact more effectively with all kinds of patients.
Hearns would earn $3.5 million to fight Hagler again.
''We reasoned that the naturally occurring peptide must have a similar chemical sequence to something in the AIDS virus,'' Dr. Pert recalled.
They have overlooked the fact that the same therapist required no supervision when he or she worked at the hospital the year before.
THE New York City Opera is proud of its production of Leonard Bernstein's ''Candide,'' and rightly so.
Moreover, Mr. Braverman said, the Fed's minutes also showed ''an intention to ease further,'' apparently because of fears of the impact on the banking system of falling oil prices that threaten energy loans and the obligations of such third world borrowers as Mexico and Venezuela.
They think it will go away, but it won't.''
But currently, by coincidence, there are two shows that focus on less widely known aspects of Warhol's output: a group of 1978 abstractions never exhibited in this country and a selection of early paintings and drawings.
Last year, the Phillies ran fifth in the East while the Mets chased the St. Louis Cardinals down the homestretch and finished second, just three games back.
It was early afternoon, and the rows of sewing machines in the lingerie factory were silent.
I was grateful to the fisherman for a remark that seemed to signify my departure.
The violet light looked pale and unconvincing, hardly as intense as one expected.
He won with the club king and cashed the spade ace, unblocking dummy's ten.
The per share figures reflect 4-for-3 stock split to be paid Oct. 24.
''I told them that they knew I had never been involved in that kind of work.''
Before he met with Mr. Shevardnadze, President Reagan had called Mr. Daniloff a ''hostage'' and assured Mr. Gorbachev in a letter that the newsman was not a spy.
But though the staff knew Mr. Ellis was ill and although plans were made for the business after his death, staff members said there was still a feeling of limbo at the company.
But even a parent's love and patience, many admit, can be sorely tested by behavior that seems hostile or uncooperative.
The report also said that selecting the larger missile could delay the program for two years.
Last year, according to the federation, Democratic lawmakers managed a record high level of support, voting 67 percent of the time in favor of the consumer in the federation's view.
On the eve of a visit by Israel's Prime Minister, Shimon Peres, the Government was further embarrassed by the declaration of the Christian Democratic Mayor of Korschenbroich that ''a few rich Jews'' should be slaughtered to balance the budget of his town.
A 19-year-old Chilean-born photographer from Washington who was reportedly set on fire by soldiers in demonstrations last week against the Government died today of his burns, according to relatives and doctors at Santiago's emergency hospital.
Revenue Sharing Ends In addition, the city assumed in its current budget that it would get 40 percent of the Federal revenue sharing money that it received last year.
Walking is of course possible, but given the high rock walls and intense cultivation, routes must follow the few roads.
The program is intended to alert and direct Saudi interceptors in the event of an Iranian air strike against Saudi oil fields.
But the teachers surveyed -particularly the elementary school teachers - said it was important to study different techniques for presenting materials, different theories of learning and techniques for dealing with different types of learners.
Several states, including New York, have declared that they will not increase the speed limit in any case.
''Government must quit,'' The Sowetan said in a front-page editorial.
Also significantly, the Roman Catholic Church and its widely heard radio have been increasingly outspoken about injustice.
In their last encounter, a playoff game last season, the Dolphins overcame Cleveland's 21-3 lead with three touchdowns to win, 24-21.
His National League counterpart, Dwight Gooden of the Mets, isn't exactly struggling, though some observers suggest otherwise, but he has already lost as many games, four, as he did all last season.
Mr. Boeschenstein, who has been huddling with advisers the last few days, was unavailable for comment.
Crazy Eddie closed at $14.50 a share in national over-the-counter trading, down $1.
Ten blacks were among the wounded, the authorities said.
Some of them mistakenly believe that the drug laws of other countries are more lenient than ours or that United States citizens are not subject to prosecution under foreign laws.
Ever since his name came up in the Iran arms deal, he has been playing a cat-and-mouse game with reporters.
Mr. Botha had tried to stem the tide by telephoning Farm Belt Senators with a warning that Pretoria would cut off purchases of grain produced by American farmers if the restrictions were imposed.
The religious life was a higher way.
Wood, a communications specialist in the Congressional Office of Technology Assessment.
until two years later when Charity transferred to College I Should Have Gone to.
Top fashion designers and houses will offer exclusive collections.
One year after fire ravaged the historic Matinecock Meeting House here, the pregnant silences of Quaker worship once again filled the plain wooden building, now restored to its original simplicity.
---- Smith Ahead in Europe WENTWORTH, England (AP) -Bob Smith, a former United States PGA Tour player who gave up the game for two years to try his hand at selling real estate, charged into a share of the lead today with 141 after two rounds of the $315,000 European PGA Championship.
The 41-year-old Miss Bell even plays amateur sleuth for some clients.
With the Yankees in March, Drabek nearly won a job by compiling a 0.60 e.r.a.
But as with many other houses, character and honesty mean more than surveillance.
At least three people were hacked to death by a mob outside the city of Gonaives because they were suspected of having inflicted voodoo on others.
But scientists caution that the study was brief, that the drug is not an AIDS cure and that it can suppress production of blood cells by bone marrow, so that its risks might outweigh its benefits in some cases.
Warren Donnelly, a nuclear expert at the Congressional Research Service, said, ''The only thing I can conclude is that the reactor lost its cooling, causing the fuel to overheat, bursting the cladding around the fuel, and producing other effects that opened the reactor,'' allowing radioactive products to escape.
Still, the amounts raised made the undertaking the largest local philanthrophy in the country, according to organizers.
Ojeda saw early that the Mets might be as good as everything he had read.
For more information, call 718-622-4544.
Asked why he corrected himself after mentioning ''representatives of the Israeli Government,'' Mr. Meese said: ''As best we know, they were representatives of Israel.
The Cloisters and Fort Tryon Park can be reached by the A train to 190th Street, the Madison Avenue No.
Perhaps something good will come out of that.
He managed to open the door and fell into the road, then continued to struggle as the abductors tried to push him into a building.
The loss dropped the Cowboys three games behind the division leaders, with a 7-5 record, and severely damaged their playoff chances.
In most cases, directions can be obtained by phone.
We are left in no doubt about the admiration Mr. Canetti feels for him - yet what he dwells on in his portrait is not so much Musil's achievements as his extreme touchiness and combativeness.
Mr. Lewis's principle is right.
Recalled Stan Javier, outfielder, from Tacoma of the Pacific Coast League.
for sale to Iran, the system was not fully put into effect.
The sale of Heinold, one of the country's largest futures brokerage houses, is another step in the quick, and at times painful, consolidation taking place in the futures industry.
In 1979, Bras and his wife, Ginette, took it over and things began to change.
''Don Quixote'' is choreographic corn.
Although Mr. Ziegelman said he plans to warehouse his apartments as they become vacant, waiting until he can convert the buildings into cooperatives, the Weinsteins rent their renovated units, usually for about $600 a month for a one-bedroom.
Standing in a semicircle and framed by an exposed brick wall that evoked their beginnings in Greenwich Village folk clubs, the trio turned the vast theater into an extended folk club in which the sell-out audience freely sang along with the trio's hits.
The pianist Jose Maria Vitier, from Cuba, has concocted a less successful hybrid - a mixture of Baroque figuration and Afro-Cuban rhythms.
The Dayton Hudson department stores did the best, the spokesman said, except for the J.L.
More new applications for limited-service banks will result from a Supreme Court decision last week that restricted the Federal Reserve's regulatory powers in the area.
officials declined to say whether any players had been found to be using any of the more than 100 generic drugs on the banned list, saying the choice of publicity was left to each school.
Volkswagen of America Inc. reported a decline of 11.4 percent in mid-April to 1,683, or 210 daily.
Several American officials said they believed that Iran's claims that its troops had occupied a small island in the Shatt al Arab waterway and then crossed to the west bank on Sunday were accurate.
The program, open to students 18 years of age and over, is designed to prepare them for careers as cooks and pantry workers.
Slaughter has said he would delay making any decisions about Driesell's future until he sees a special grand jury report on the university's athletic department and the report of a campus task force reviewing academic performance of Maryland athletes.
''What's going on in people's heads is completely different from what's going on in the facts of the economy.''
Mr. Ho, who has been a dim sum chef for 15 years, came to this country from Guangdong Province 9 years ago.
As it did last year, the Agriculture Department is planning to seek permission from the Office of Mangement and Budget to tap the resources of the department's emergency disaster fund.
''I'm glad the bad guys won,'' he said, dabbing from his eye a drop of celebratory champagne.
Medicaid, meanwhile, will pay for home care in some states, but only for those of the elderly who are poor, or willing to impoverish themselves by giving up their assets.
In the span of eight games, six of which the Braves lost, Chris Chambliss, Bruce Benedict and Bob Horner were all sidelined with injuries.
Miss Hebuterne is depicted as a woman of stoic grace, unsmiling and sad, far older than her 21 years and with no hint of her role as the mother of their year-old daughter, Jeanne.
Donal M. Billig, the former top heart surgeon at the Bethesda Naval Hospital, for questions of surgical incompetence and dishonesty were sharply criticized by superiors who accused him of trying to ruin the famed hospital's reputation.
Following is a summary of reviews of three-star restaurants - other than French - that have appeared in The New York Times, including the date of original publication.
''When you design in a neighborhood that's in transition, you have to overbuild, to make it easier to believe that the rest of the block is going to be rehabilitated.''
Housed in a 60-year-old former convent that belongs to the adjacent St. Francis Roman Catholic Church, the large red-brick structure is now being brought up to meet fire and housing codes as well as undergoing some renovation.
If they have the jumbo Mediterranean shrimp, seared over the grill to give the sweet meat a smoky nuance, go for them.
Hero worked as a specialist in the merger and acquisition department of Oppenheimer & Company.
''It could have been a lot worse,'' said Meldyn Master, co-owner of Jams, an Upper East Side restaurant, where business dinners represent almost 40 percent of all evening meals served.
A second viewer, however, was overheard to say they'd given her an idea about how to place her refrigerator.
But I haven't found any.''
Most of the conversations are conducted ''in the clear'' - that is, uncoded - and the electronic ''take'' has included specific advance information on planned bombings and disruptions by the congress, officials said.
In addition to the bank officers implicated in the case, Governor DiPrete's former chief of staff, Robert D. Murray, was found guilty of filing false documents to obtain a low-interest mortgage from the agency, the Rhode Island Housing Mortgage Finance Corporation.
But he saw economic danger approaching and sold 80 acres in 1982.
''What silence,'' says Salman uneasily.
Consider this scenario: It's just after dark in Tripoli.
Sabah, a large state on the island of Borneo in what is known as East Malaysia, had been in turmoil since the surprise election victory in April 1985 of a new party dominated by the state's ethnic Kadazan people and led by a Kadazan Christian chief, Joseph Pairin Kitingan.
Among these are two performances which could hardly be more difffernet in approach.
As a result, Mr. Heller said, ''Israel today is probably less tolerant of ambiguity in Syrian behavior and more prepared to launch a pre-emptive strike, if a war appears likely.''
''If they go their errant ways, I hope they return to the fold.
He didn't even want to be in there, but he was there at the finish.
''Young people often lose confidence in themselves and their abilities because for many of them, a summer job is their first contact with the real world.''
won a decision over Air Force's Terry Dyess.
In the 1930's he became a sales representative for Gennett Recordings before starting his own sound effects company.
Lawsuit Over Blindness Mr. Winston sued the Federal Government for $1 million, charging that negligence by prison officials had precipitated his blindness.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
So far, Expo has attracted the participation of 54 countries - three times as many as the 1984 New Orleans World's Fair - and raised more corporate contributions than the Los Angeles Olympics.
Father Jenco, who is scheduled to have a private audience with the Pope Wednesday, was asked by reporters when he arrived here whether he would ask John Paul to help in negotiations to free other hostages still captive in Lebanon.
''But before that, Japanese jewelry demand was still growing in spite of prices rising to $500 an ounce.''
Mr. Bolling cited his own election earlier this year and the appointment of a black educator last year, Laval S. Wilson, as Superintendant of Schools, as examples of progress.
Until recently a clerk for Judge Carl McGowan of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington, he is to join the New York law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell as an associate in the fall.
In later years, several great country houses were built in the area.
''But over the past few years it has substantially changed its business mix to become a lot more distribution-oriented and a lot less consumer products-oriented.
Lieutenant Governor Race In addition to choosing a nominee for Governor, Republicans voted separately for a running mate for lieutenant governor from a field of three candidates chosen by the gubernatorial contenders.
I agree that the Job Corps could be expanded, and it would be desirable to recreate the Civilian Conservation Corps, which gave young men the opportunity to do useful service, learn discipline and also get an education.
action surprised the rest of the auto industry, which had been expecting a new round of incentives but nothing near the 2.9 percent offer, the lowest rate G.M.
''He was not going to shoot down an American aircraft without getting some authorization from higher headquarters.''
Healthful Cooking Beginning next Wednesday, the New York University Medical Center's Cooperative Care Education Center will sponsor a six-week series of classes on cooking that promotes good health through proper diet and nutrition.
But Mr. MacKinney says careful stock selection will be necessary in the coming year.
Very quickly we realize that Curranne is doomed.
Then with a smile, he added, ''and working on his 15th.''
Their examples also show how some upper-income Americans stand to reap a windfall from a tax restructuring while others face a huge increase.
The 7-foot-4-inch center scored 8 of his 18 points during those 2 minutes.
won in a mix of media, but only one TV ad, Chiat/ Day's seven first-place heads were all for TV, except for two in print, a Mitsubishi Electric Sales of America magazine ad and a Nike campaign.
We assembled in London, in gilded imperial chambers appropriate to players of the world's game.
It was four years after he left Cornell.
If he never thought of himself in literary terms, then why does he mention, or perhaps even drop, Gogol's name twice in a book that is not very long?
''There isn't anything going on in the armed forces today,'' General Flint said, ''that isn't linked to the computer, either by communications, computation or analysis.''
The company said the latest third quarter and 9-month earnings were reduced by $1,065,000, or 3 cents a share, because of a retroactive adjustment for federal income taxes resulting from new tax laws.
The compilation, released last month, showed that half of the 28 lawyers nominated as appeals court judges since January 1985 were found to have the lowest acceptable rating.
Though Mr. Volcker did not drop his opposition to limited-service banks, his change of priorities caused some banking experts to predict that the fight against limited-service banks has been lost.
Another scenario has his first manager thumbing through the phone book for appropriately virile names.
Because of pressure from the American Medical Association, Congress declined to renew the act in 1929.
The Brazilians keep bobbing up and down in Guadalajara 24 hours a day in fetching rhythms; the Danish roligans painted their faces red in Queretaro, and the English hooligans paid their 50-cent fines for dropping their pants in Monterrey.
The one question he consistently refused to answer was probably the one he was asked most often: Who stepped on the summit first, Tenzing or Sir Edmund?
The economy is suffering because the Government has banned the slaughter of an estimated 3 million lambs until there are no more traces of fallout from clouds caused by the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
There isn't going to be any dramatic change in the life of this city.''
White House officials said today that, based on United States intelligence reports, the Administration had reason to believe as early as last Thursday that a potential revolt by some Philippine military officers was in the works.
We cannot indulge the hope that economic responses alone are enough to prevent this political exploitation, but an effective American policy must address both the short-term and long-term dimensions of economic distress.
Space agency officials said that if the Columbia landed Saturday there would be just enough time to remove the gear from this mission and install astronomy gear in time for a March 6 launching.
The Canadian financial guru and his family got into a takeover skirmish with Ashland Oil that left the Canadians $14 million richer and the Kentucky refiner intact.
High school civics teachers from around the country, in Washington for an educational program sponsored by the Close Up Foundation, formed a major part of the audience.
She didn't warn me that there might be bones in the ice cream and she didn't say, ''Tell your mutter and fahtter hello.''
''Some of the time I'm tremendously confident.
First Bank System Inc. said that, after a review of its investment and loan portfolio, it expects to add about $275 million to its loan-loss reserve and to charge off $275 million in loans during the third quarter.
''In many cases the water-based inks have performed better,'' said William H. English, manager of ink products for PPG Industries, a leading maker of glass, chemicals and inks based in Pittsburgh.
Freshman interest in the biological and physical sciences also waned slightly, while the humanities gained.
And the gunmen, Howard Beach residents invariably add in recalling the incident, were black.
Mr. Hallock was born in Columbus, Ohio, and was a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Many of the decoys now being sold for thousands of dollars were actually used in hunting, which is why, in some of them, one will find holes made by shot-shell pellets.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Her father is a partner in the New York law firm Pryor, Cashman, Sherman & Flynn.
A bipartisan coalition of members of the House and the Senate proposed today that the United States impose stiffer economic sanctions on South Africa.
Most Americans ''feel'' that an execution will deter violent crime, but after numerous studies this has not been shown to be true.
When Rappaport met Berbick for the first time last June to discuss the possibility of Berbick's fighting Cooney, Rappaport said the fighter's opening words were, ''I need money, a $100,000 deposit.''
One change makes the certificate valid as long as the artist remains at the same address.
Tom Niedenfuer, the third Los Angeles pitcher, earned the first Dodger save of the season despite allowing a run-scoring single to Ted Simmons in the eighth.
You don't want to quit racing.
Weeks This Last on Week Fiction Week List 1 THE BOURNE SUPREMACY, by Robert Ludlum.
''New York Air has renovated that space,'' Mr. Werner said.
Even before he went down, he had been talking about retiring this year or next.
Adhering to a precedent of dropping back in order to make a late charge, they fell behind, three games to one, in the American League Championship Series to Toronto, and struggled back to win.
''That marketplace change would encourage anybody to want to be sure that they had the maximum management attention on sports as well as on news.''
Griffey's double to left-center scored Winfield easily.
The islands of St. Pierre, Miquelon and Langlade are rich with anomalies, not the least being their status as France's last foothold in North America.
The Western optimism was fueled by remarks by the Soviet Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, who was quoted as saying Moscow was willing to give neutral countries a role in monitoring compliance with any agreement reached in Stockholm.
The simplest and still most astute observation is contained in a single sentence: ''If you drink long enough and hard enough, eventually you either die, go insane or join Alcoholics Anonymous.''
''Car chases are becoming too expensive to film,'' Mr. Levinson suggested.
The trouble is more than 10 weeks off, but Samuel I. Schwartz says it is an absolutely sure bet.
Entrepreneurs also seem to have a particularly open style of gathering information, casting a wider net than do their less-enterprising peers.
''There are times you have to wear long,'' adds Kuhn, ''but I prefer short skirts because I have nice legs.''
On the American Stock Exchange, prices were higher but volume declined.
Startled out of normal New York grumpiness, they wished the same to her.
She and Mr. Castle graduated from Connecticut College in 1983.
Colts - Lyons (defensive effort).
The upper limit of the Federal Reserve's target was $632.5 billion, and the lower limit was $624.8 billion.
The daily flight from Kennedy for San Juan leaves Kennedy at 8:30 A.M., arrives at 12:53 P.M. and, according to schedules, connects - on Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday - with the 1:50 Eagle to Guadeloupe, arriving at 3:10.
The law, supported by police chiefs and passed over strenuous objections from municipal officials statewide, allowed communities to choose a commissioner or chief form of police administration before a September 1985 deadline.
From the outside there was no hint of purpose or warmth or activity within.
Mr. Wolfe's words abound in easy jibes.
If your target is flowers for the holidays, begin stashing the flaming katy in the closet now and continue the nightly ritual until mid-October.
A two-year budget intended to cut Congressional ''micro-manangement,'' authority to permit the President to veto unwanted programs and realigned committees to reduce duplication and fights over jurisdiction have all attracted wide support - except on Capitol Hill.
The Police Department has also promised to continued to assign officers to the subway's anti-graffiti program, which many transit officials consider a key to revitalizing the system.
So useful guidelines to minimize the risk are offered by the professional magazine Emergency Medicine and two experts, the mycologist Gary Lincoff and Dr. D. H. Mitchel, the authors of ''Toxic and Hallucinogenic Mushroom Poisoning: A Handbook for Physicians and Mushroom Hunters'' (Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1977; out of print).
About the only point on which the subcommittee members and the Pentagon officials agreed was that no one knew whether the loss of the documents had damaged national security.
Mr. Smith, whose nom de rap is an abbreviation of ''Ladies Love Cool James,'' has been rapping for half his life - he started at age 9 - and he has supplied Run D.M.C.
The temperature was just another insult.''
PETER PAYACK The place: Pennyslvania Station (Long Island Rail Road level).
In fact, we have great confidence in baseball, and in its future.''
In the February 1986 projection, the 1990 deficit estimate had been reduced by 60 percent, to $120 billion - and this result would arise even without future Draconian Gramm-Rudman cuts.
It is the Sailor's Game by Sparkman & Stephens, the naval architects whose designs have included many America's Cup yachts.
He opened one end of the barn onto a trellised dining patio and the other onto a master bedroom terrace.
Summer comes grudgingly, and late, to Montreal.
Hume Cronyn (''The Petition''), Ed Harris (''Precious Sons'') and Judd Hirsch (''I'm Not Rappaport'') were also nominated for best actor, along with Mr. Lemmon.
One New York bank official noted that, at the moment, most consumer interest seems to be in shorter-term deposits, where they are in a better position to move fast should rates begin to climb again.
The question: In today's multi-media universe of groupie journalism and passionate panels, with televised chewing-over limited to 40-second bites of fast food for thought, is there a place of usefulness, even of influence, for a 750-word uni-media opinionator?
The experts met last night for more than three hours.
Mr. Cochran said that the possibility of first telling the story in his own paper had occurred to him, but he added: ''I decided not to do that for two reasons: First, it's too self-serving; second, it would be the worst sort of sensationalism.''
''They cleared the last fence, a five and a half foot Swedish oxer, by a foot, and the way they just were suspended in the air was like a stop action photograph,'' Greenwood said.
''They wanted me to play a corrupt Southern senator,'' Stanton said.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts had been expected to gain the support of many traditional Democrats, including members of minorities, but after his recent announcement that he would not seek the nomination Governor Cuomo of New York could emerge as Mr. Hart's strongest challenger for those votes, should the Governor enter the race.
official said he believed the agency's early warnings about Mexico resulted as much from the country's support of the Sandinista Government in Nicaragua as from Mexico's actual internal problems.
The Federal Government finances more than 95 percent of the National Guard budget each year and since 1981 has invested nearly $47 billion in staffing, equipping and training the Army and Air National Guard to make these forces ready when the need for them arises.
It is the prospect of a fight with Mr. Leahy that apparently led Mr. Zorinsky to consider switching parties.
He provided Mr. Reagan figures to show that if every non-military budget cut he had requested had been approved, the 1986 deficit still would be $150 billion; and that if the spending and tax policies of President Carter had been followed, the 1986 deficit would have been $80 billion.
Edwin I. Colodny, chairman and president of USAir, also said that the takeover of Republic would not necessarily put more immediate pressure on USAir to find a merger partner.
Slow ticket sales had prompted the producers to announce last week, however, that it would close on Sept. 28.
That ambition, along with some conservative attitudes in common between Mr. Hunt and the House, about taxes, spending, and the need to create a more stable economic climate in Alabama, may produce an opportunity for cooperation, Professor Moody said.
For my wife (who is Dutch), unexpected tragedy in one's life must be a very private thing, kept within the confines of the family.
The camera is fully automatic -besides autofocus and auto exposure, it offers motorized film transport, automatic flash with a compatible electronic flash unit (the Maxxum Flash 1800AF, 2800AF or 4000AF), and automatic film-speed setting.
But for all the talk of floor-area-bonus ratios and financial leveraging, Jon Runstad says the true motivation for building a tall tower in Seattle is the same thing that brought his grandparents to the hillside site in the last century.
Part of what makes them puzzling and perverse is that they are low-keyed and small.
The regulations mandate peer review of research proposals involving human subjects.
Here, and even more so in the mercurial Schumann work, the illusion of improvisational virtuosity distinguishes Mr. Karis's performances.
All the same, as simple as the concept of a linear function may be graphically - that is, a function that can be represented by a straight line - more examples of nonlinear formulas in the manual would have been helpful.
IN a land of remote-control garage-door openers, 24-hour banking, permanent-press suits, and frozen ready-to-serve dinners, Krauszer's store here has introduced the latest convenience - a vending machine that dispenses videotapes.
In 1967, he joined Mitchell Hutchins & Company.
Ms. Kenney passed out armbands.
Instead of a propeller plane and the Salvadoran C-47's, the contra supply operation now used at least five planes, three of them large military transports, according to Mr. Hasenfus.
In 1979, Sparky Anderson's first season as manager of the Detroit Tigers, the two primary run producers he had were his left fielder, Steve Kemp, and his first baseman, Jason Thompson.
She said when a husband imagines a Thanksgiving dinner, he thinks of the people close to him enjoying a meal together, while his wife groans at the thought of all the planning and work involved.
When the Cubs won the division in 1984, those five pitchers had a combined 53-31 record.
In a nationwide voting of 125 sports- writers and broadcasters, Berry won by more than a 2-to-1 margin over his closest competitor, receiving 43 votes.
b-Including net from discontinued operations of $652,687 for the quarter and $615,869 for the year.
The key word in both countries is ''modernization.''
But, as Barry Sr. laments, there was not an effective healer among them.
Backers also say that House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. has criticized the amendment.
After years of studying art, I currently find myself in law school.
In its appeal, the state argued that ''creation science consists of scientific evidence and not religious concepts,'' and that creationism did not necessarily endorse the scriptural account of the creation or depend on religious beliefs.
A 1985 Pentagon study found that profit rates in the military contracting industries were historically ''very similar'' to those of commercial manufacturers, although during the recession of the early 1980's, arms makers maintained their profitability while civilian businesses suffered.
''Every country has a right to protect its borders and select the people it lets in.''
But with the entire city - save for a few Yankee fans - now excited about the Mets, the Mayor is being asked to comment on baseball wherever he turns, and he is quietly boning up on the subject.
The land was purchased by the Glen Cove Development Company in November 1984.
But he said he believed, although he lacked ''proof positive,'' that William Buckley, an American diplomat also seized in Beirut, was dead.
My mother, already only half-Irish, further diluted my Gaelic blood by marrying a French-Canadian.
A decade ago, researchers from the National Academy of Sciences identified it as a promising crop for arid lands and published a widely distributed report.
We then arranged our own car-plane trip into the other parts of the state.
store, where she once managed the antiques and gift department.
On Saturday some protesters outside Port-au-Prince broadened the demands.
The Loft Board was created in 1982 to oversee the legalization of the thousands of former manufacturing spaces that had been turned into apartments and artists' studios in the 1960's and 1970's.
Having invested in those industries, they will be slow to abandon them in the face of competitive pressure.
Poetry and Pugnacity He admits to a fierce temper, and once even grabbed a Republican antagonist in a particularly heated floor debate.
''Bobby Kennedy said that ideas are pebbles you drop in the water and ripples flow from that,'' said Ken Kragen, the Los Angeles promoter who conceived the campaign.
any market advantage, both will continue to be forced to match any incentives offered by the nation's largest automaker.
22 or smaller, because the fall aquatic insect hatches on such waters are usually diminutive gray midges.
----Another Increase for Some WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (AP) -Schools and libraries, churches and newspapers will be hit with their second postage increase of the month on Jan. 18, the Postal Service Board of Governors decided today.
The economy, they feared, would slip into recession again in 1986, finally tiring after more than three years of solid growth.
There was a piquancy in Miss Karz's face that was missing from her dancing, but that may come later.
IRVING J. SLOAN Scarsdale, N.Y., May 1, 1986 The writer is author of ''Legal and Ethical Principles in the Law of Self Defense,'' to be published in the fall.
Questions/Answers CHESTNUTS Is there any chestnut tree we can plant in our area that will not be killed by the blight?
Jonas Halperin, a spokesman for Liberty Weekend, said Tuesday that 76 percent of these tickets had been sold.
Others tried to outrun the toxic cloud and were discovered by rescue workers lying in the mud along the dirt road leading out of town.
As for okra and fishing, it is probably a variation on: ''If you don't eat your vegetables, you can't have dessert.''
At least, give NASA credit for being ''the first to admit error.''
Mr. Giacco was the architect of the shift by Hercules from the slow-growing commodity chemicals business into specialty chemicals and aerospace.
Except on computers I plan to send back to their manufacturers after a few weeks of testing, I try to stay clear of the random access mess that resident programs can so unexpectedly create.
''What is really sad is that the political leadership and leading Cuban-Americans didn't take a stand by saying that we won't tolerate this kind of terrorism and intimidation in America.''
There was speculation that Wagner & Brown would increase the pressure on Panhandle.
To the Editor: Irving Kristol accommodatingly suggests teaching evolutionary theory with enough disclaimers about its certainty to remove any conflict with the unqualified certainties of those who accept the Bible as a direct revelation from God.
''And he said, 'I got a message from God.
But switching back and forth entails only typing ''Cruise/A'' or ''Cruise/B'' at the DOS prompt.
Some specialists questioned how much effect the American attacks of the last two days would have on Colonel Qaddafi.
Bennington Still on Top Cornell University, on the other hand, will repeat last year's 9.5 percent tuition increase, going up an even $1,000 to $11,500.
''There are still skeptics out there,'' said Peter Beutel, an analyst in New York with Elders Futures Inc.
Harborside Hotel, Massachusetts, $3 million.
A Temporary Move The move today deferred a comprehensive overhaul of the boosters until the early 1990's, when the next generation of rockets is expected to be ready.
Service was suspended on six of these lines.
Now, as to the high rents on Fifth Avenue, because shopkeepers can get high prices: The high rent per square foot which Woolworth's pays at, say, 34th Street and Sixth Avenue does not raise prices one cent.
's staged a filibuster, mindful that town law requires meetings to halt by 10:30 P.M., even if voting must be put off until the following night.
She insisted that her characters and situations are completely fictional.
The town as a unit of government is so small that, in most cases, each citizen can participate and have his or her ideas and feelings heard.
The Government faces these problems as it tries to transform the education system into a major tool in building a one-party socialist nation.
And Mr. Volcker has sought to coordinate the Fed's actions with those of the central banks of other major industrialized nations - particularly West Germany and Japan.
''But I'm very organized and I like working with food.
Senator John C. Danforth of Missouri, a leading Republican on trade matters, agrees that economic conditions are demanding a change in this country's commitment to free trade.
chairman Yasir Arafat to find a negotiated settlement of the issue of Palestine had failed.
''But these guys got into civilian clothes.
Besides the particular ambiance of an office - some are friendlier than others - there are numerous factors that can influence how fast the barriers fall.
Admission, $2.50; children over 6, students (to age 16) and the elderly, $1.25.
loan of about $1 billion.
This first-night was poorly attended, either because the demand for Zandonai has already dried up or too many operagoers have learned how to read cast lists.
Most early immigrants came from southern China and primarily speak the Taisan dialect, according to Charles Lai, co-founder of the Chinatown History Project.
Economists expect zero inflation in Germany and Japan this year.
Washington wants the community to provide trade concessions as compensation for any markets lost as a result of higher import duties on grain into Spain.
Houston is 1-4 and 0-2.
Frost, ''to keep it professional.''
Last year, when he set a Giants' record of 1,336 yards rushing, he averaged 18.4 carries a game.
But the survey also found that among the intellectuals, the serious core is surrounded by some who merely dabble in the humanities, without passion for learning.
The bill was sent to Governor Cuomo, who has advocated methods to steer teen-agers away from alcohol abuse.
With the evident approval of Prof. D. R. Shackleton Bailey, an eminent classicist who served as consultant, Cicero is portrayed as a selfless champion of republican virtues.
A few weeks ago, when we were out, we set it to tape ''A Night at the Opera'' with the Marx Brothers.
Mr. Dupond, as the hero who uses a key to gain entry to a palace of dreams, was extraordinarily moving as this everyman.
The action by Bank Leu and its subsidiary were seen by some international bankers as an attempt to preserve the bank's image.
With little evidence that a long-anticipated pickup of economic growth is on the horizon, political pressure for action by the Fed is mounting.
Aside from his seeming inability to take care of himself, Black is in every way standard, the usual Eagle Scout type.
There's an emotion in them that I feel very strongly about, and I don't want to stop that train of thought.
Shortly after 11 P.M., a man who identified himself as Edward Patterson surrendered to detectives in Baltimore and said he was the killer.
We have the stewardship of a landmark, which we take seriously.''
But the main reason for public affection lies, as always, in Mr. Reagan's personality and his ability to communicate it.
Cotton dresses with pretty decorations for small girls can be had for $25 to $35, fine linen handkerchiefs for about $12.
To our surprise, it got us to the beach.
''But there's been a functional repeal of the Brown decision - even civil-rights organizations have backed away.''
Justice Department attorneys remain ''in discussion'' with representatives of Commander Smith's and Dr. Resnik's families, said Patrick S. Korton, a department spokesman.
However, when Dr. Rahn checked Narragansett and Underhill rain water for the blend, he found a far greater concentration of sulfate with the Middle Western blend than he had found in the ground-level air.
In the absence of any other strong indicators, banks and thrift institutions seem to be shadowing the results of the Treasury's weekly bill auctions for interest-rate movements.
In using the prototype, the cartographer found several difficulties that would have been built into the system, but were easily corrected with the prototyping tools.
When Mariken Zandvliet, the excellent pianist, begins Debussy's prelude, it comes as a soothing resolution to a crisis.
That promptedGovernor Ashcroft to declare the state of emergency in the county, a first step toward obtaining Federal disaster relief money.
Both the photographs and the chronology were made public at the request of the Presidential commission investigating the shuttle disaster.
One has to establish a relationship of trust and confidence.
In that Pennsylvania Dutch tradition, the doughnutlike delicacies called fasnachts are eaten on the Tuesday before Ash Wednesday.
For example, they are not taxed on profits from investing in the stock market.
In his latest speech on Monday, Mr. Gorbachev said that the accident had demonstrated that ''the weapons devised by man should never be used and that it is today simply suicidal to build relations between countries on the illusion of attaining superiority in terrible means of destruction.''
''If anything brings out people to rallies, it's talk about decreasing bus service,'' said Faquita Moore, who was raised in the project and is involved in helping residents rehabilitate their homes.
* 2 J. K. LASSER'S YOUR INCOME TAX.
He raised his finger again.
declared illegal diet aids known as starch blockers that were said to inhibit the digestion of starch that were sold by more than 100 companies, many of which were tiny and unknown.
Dominance of the Political Agenda According to the polls, his popularity remains extraordinarily high, enhanced to some degree by the bombing of Libya.
The main exhibition fills the museum's lower level galleries; Mies's furniture has taken over the Philip Johnson Gallery on the fourth floor, where numerous pieces are set in a white rug in the midst of the room and the walls have been hung with the architect's drawings and sketches for furniture, including a number of studies for what Mies called ''Conchoidal'' chairs of molded plastic that never progressed beyond the paper stage.
A police spokesman, Bayo Balogun, said today that the accident occurred between Benin City and Agbor, 40 miles east of here.
In some cases, the problem was a clash of worlds and cultures.
On another front, some news organizations received photocopies last week of a $1,500 money order made out to the Mayor Washington Fund, a campaign fund, and signed by Mr. Raymond.
The 10-foot-tall archway on top serves as a lookout tower for parents.
Rouse's writing give the music an intelligent kick.
For the last few years, I have served as a juror in piano competitions around the world - the Van Cliburn in Fort Worth, the International in Sydney, and so on.
In all the history of sports, there has never been a thing like the Red Sox.
Coring itself can remove from 5 to 15 percent of the thatch; returning soil further aids in thatch breakdown.
Harris declined to say whether it had ever been approached by Chrysler but repeated an earlier comment that it was not in merger discussions.
PC and its Tandy and Compaq compatibles, with an upgraded Apple II version due ''soon'', from the Micro Education Corporation of America, 285 Riverside Avenue, Westport, Conn. 06880, 203-222-1000).
State Route 8 follows the river to Augusta (35 miles from Cincinnati) and Maysville (65 miles).
Panic welled up in my student's eyes.
Someone on the arboretum staff thought it would be a good thing to have an example of Erythrina elenae, which did not exist outside its native Cuba, and sent a letter to Castro asking for assistance in acquiring seeds.
If President Chun postpones this opportunity, it would be a bad thing for the people and the country.''
MICHELLE BRAVERMAN Purdy Station, N.Y.
The novel's conclusion, if it can be called that, is equally and refreshingly outlandish, and depicts the Mad Hatter in a remarkable disappearing act from a Paris bistro.
Alfred Dreyfus's return from imprisonment on Devil's Island and his shocking retrial and second conviction on treason charges, a number of nations threatened to boycott the Exposition.
''It was really the royalty of medicine,'' he said.
Texas Air and Eastern will resubmit their merger plan after Texas Air agreed to sell Pan Am 14 takeoff and landing slots.
The source of all the outrage is a report on drugs from the President's Commission on Organized Crime - or rather, a single paragraph that sticks out from the rest of the conscientious, if rambling, 455-page compilation of drug history and statistics.
THE Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater's annual galas are always family affairs and each year we learn how extended that family is.
Instead, they have posted the names of picket-line crossers around town and picketed their houses.
At the time of independence six years ago, virtually all agricultural production in Zimbabwe came from sprawling commercial farms owned by whites.
But there are just as many managers who argue that most sponsors and their affiliated agents are reputable and that their managing agents provide continuity in the transition from rental to co-op.
But I don't think it should be a wholesale shift.
''It's going to be incredible,'' said Wally Backman.
Mr. Chirac's philosophical about-face has been equally impressive, political commentators here say.
In that same vein, some defenders of the commission say that talk of its failure is premature, nothing more than ''wishful thinking'' on the part of Democratic and Republican members of Congress who want to eliminate the agency and create their own body.
The reporters were more interested in covering the event than the people involved.
Two weeks ago he signed a baseball for me.
He would have been even better had his panpipe been better tuned and more smoothly negotiated.
As sex therapy has gained wider acceptance throughout society, organized religion has begun to grapple with the propriety of its techniques, methods designed to promote sexual arousal or orgasm.
Victor E. Botnick, once a top adviser to Mayor Koch, has gone back to school to get the college degree he had falsely said he had.
In collaboration with a Soviet geophysicist, Professor Lichtman had predicted that the Democrats would regain a majority of 53 ''give or take a seat or two.''
Who will succeed Paul A. Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve System when his term expires in August?
Despite their latest setback, class E shares still provide a profit for the original buyers.
The new product will remain secret until early 1987.
Media General Broadcast Services, of which James A. Linen 4th is chairman, is made up of the media buying operation, which buys largely spot TV in the New York office and all radio in its Memphis office; a jingle producer; a large travel agency that is an adjunct to its barter operation, and the barter operation itself.
''The evaluation of him off-field is pretty much where we are now.
The year-ago first quarter results restated to reflect the acquisition of General Bancshares Corp. on March 29 on a pooling of interest basis.
While Mr. Gianasi still relies on the revenues of pretending to be both characters, he has resisted an offer to be ''The Incredible Hulk.''
Before landlords can get such increases, however, the state's Divison of Housing and Community Renewal must certify that there are no major housing-code violations.
A group of investors said it holds 247,541 common shares of the Zondervan Corporation, or 6.13 percent of the Bible publisher's shares outstanding.
''We've been urging them to address inflation for over three years,'' one American banker said.
''You who are here in Tondo and fought under me and who were part of my guerrilla organization, you will be the ones to answer these people, these crazy individuals, especially the foreign press who keep asking all these questions.''
My educational background in science has been very helpful to me as a professional balloonist, but I've never regretted abandoning the more conventional pursuit of science as a career.''
It was bought for $200,000.
She accepts happiness eventually with a touching patience.
''A peace process with a future'' can come about only when Israeli and Palestinian communal leaders take the initiative within the framework of broader diplomatic efforts.
Sedentary living also contributes to wrinkling.
Asked about Wedtech's efforts to avoid bankruptcy, he said, ''There are a lot of meetings going on.''
''We got into that fifth game, we just didn't want to lose out there.
However, replacing a refrigerator door gasket can be tricky, because when the retaining strips are loosened to remove the gasket the door can sag out of shape.
''We are not a service organization, but we think we help a lot of desperate people.''
Nationwide, the report found that women had made significant gains in municipal elections since 1975.
Under that doctrine, the internal workings of the President's staff are held to be exempt from Congressional scrutiny.
''More people than Pittsburgh,'' Mr. Coleman said of the project's population.
The two Justices and Judge Scalia broke into laughter.
But observers said they thought the project would work out.
I'm Sweets was up for third, two lengths behind the top pair.
Boston's roster is the smallest since the Los Angeles Lakers went to camp with 13 players in 1978.
Some of Phillips's problems stem from a 1985 refinancing when it exchanged debt for equity to avert a hostile takeover by Carl C. Icahn, the New York investor.
European officials said some prices had already risen 30 to 40 percent since the accord began.
After six years of seeming invulnerability, President Reagan has been grievously damaged by the crisis over secret arms shipments to Iran.
''I want to make it a first U.S.
A Federal judge ruled yesterday that a key Government witness - a career criminal - could not give testimony that prosecutors were counting on to help establish a motive for a 1973 murder that the authorities say John Gotti committed to gain favor with leaders of the Gambino crime family.
.B-N5; 8 B-K3, KN-Q2; 9 R-Q1, N-QB3; 10 B-K2, N-N3.
In contrast, Mr. Barthelemy, who has a master's degree in social work from Tulane University, is widely regarded as being ''a nice guy.''
Because if you say, O.K., they're always going to follow us, you kind of knew what to do and how to plan.
Controllers were told, Mr. Spring said, that if they or their supervisors judged Teterboro traffic to be busy, they should refuse requests from planes not using the airport to fly through the Teterboro ''airport traffic area.''
What especially upset Administration officials about the attacks was that they were made while a Commonwealth peace mission was in South Africa.
To Mr. Torres, it was all beautifully orchestrated.
There are many talented black women writers - Ann Petry, Alice Childress and Paule Marshall, for instance - who because they have avoided these attacks have not been as successful.''
ESOP's bring tax breaks for both employees and corporations, but they are especially attractive to company owners.
Such fears were worsened by the explosion Wednesday aboard a Trans World Airlines jet that killed four Americans on the way from Rome to Athens.
Wood made both free throws to put the Nets ahead, 98-97.
Behind this is the misguided notion that everybody wants and needs to be understood.
''We had no interest in this.''
Quite gorgeous music, it is faithfully realized by Neil Rosenshein, tenor, and the Indianapolis Symphony conducted by John Nelson.
Miss Collins and Peter Holm, her husband, are the producers, and so the mini-series, directed by Douglas Hickox, presumably reflects Miss Collins's taste.
There, he played the piano in a blues band, and the violin in Ralph Shapey's Contemporary Chamber Players in Chicago.
And a coalition of Lake Erie homeowners is calling on the International Joint Commission, which has the power to regulate lake levels, to divert as much water as it can from the upper lakes.
Ballesteros got an eagle 3 that way to begin a charge to victory in the 1983 Masters.
The Supreme Court ruled today that committed opponents of the death penalty may be barred from juries in capital cases regardless of whether this increases the likelihood of conviction.
Ken Burns's fine feature-length documentary, ''Huey Long,'' beautifully evokes not only ''the Kingfish,'' as Mr. Long styled himself after the character on the ''Amos 'n' Andy'' radio show, but also the social and economic conditions that produced the man, described by Franklin D. Roosevelt, when he was the Democratic Party's nominee for President, as ''one of the two most dangerous men in the country'' - the other being Douglas MacArthur.
Judge Van Sickle's 50-page ruling came in a lawsuit filed in 1983 by nine North Dakota farmers that later was expanded to include farmers as a class nationwide.
''I guess I do want to save people.''
Mr. Volcker's remarks came during his semiannual appearance before Congress to present the central bank's monetary targets for the year ahead.
In his book, ''The Divorce Decision'' (McGraw-Hill, $15.95), he tells of representing a railroad brakeman who had been sued for divorce by his wife after he had an affair.
St. Barnabas Hospital in the Bronx set up a free telephone line Monday to the Philippines for its 120 Filipino doctors and nurses to call home.
The next day Mr. Levine is arrested in New York and charged with obstructing justice and attempting to destroy records.
A slightly higher percentage of undergraduates said that known drug offenders should be suspended or dismissed.
Limiting its rights would bring some diffusion of responsibility, if only to the hierarchy of managers and experts.
Syracuse (13-2) is seeded second and will be the host of the winner of the opening game between seventh-seeded Rutgers (10-3) and C. W. Post (11-3).
Representative Newt Gingrich, Republican of Georgia, has lately emerged as one of the index's front-runners in the House.
He also said he hoped that France's relations with New Zealand would now ''develop in serenity and friendship.''
Soviet 'Embraced Our Idea' ''I am pleased to say that the Soviet Union has now embraced our idea of radical reductions in offensive weapons,'' Mr. Reagan said.
ABC's ''World News Tonight,'' with Peter Jennings, the anchor, reporting from Moscow, had an 11.6 rating.
Boston audiences are going to have first look-see Feb. 13, when the production opens at the Shubert Theater there for four weeks.
General Dynamics and the four executives were indicted last December on seven counts each of conspiracy and making false statements in connection with the company's work on a prototype of a mobile air defense gun.
The Yankees left Hilltop Park -now the site of Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital - after 1912, to move in with the Giants at the Polo Grounds.
It is not yet clear how Mrs. Aquino's obvious popularity among both urban and rural voters will translate into votes.
Steve Gardner, an assistant attorney general, said the verdict ''sends a strong message to clinics across the country - don't lie to pregnant women in the names of facts, in the name of help, in the name of God or anybody.''
Settling down after that experience, I killed the next four birds the dogs found, all singles, with four shots and relaxed.
Mr. Papp and Miss Merrifield were detained and searched at the Prague airport a few days later, evidently to see if they were smuggling out any of Mr. Havel's writings.
Stephen Holden The Black Rock Coalition, Irving Plaza, 15th Street and Irving Place (477-3728).
If she felt the government would bail her out, why should she spend money on rent and not on other essentials?''
Since early 1984 Iran and Iraq have been locked in a tit-for-tat struggle in the gulf, as each tries to deny the other valuable oil revenues needed for its military operations.
After all, the financier endowed the Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Exhibition Hall, the B. Gerald Cantor Sculpture Galleries and the Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Roof Garden, which is to open at the museum in May.
If they take part in the six-week program of the Hartford Private Industry Council, she said, there is no drop in educational levels.
I was ready to go back out.
However, he warned that while the original deposit is refundable if the builder does not fulfill the contract, there is no guarantee on the payment for extras since the money may have already been spent.
* Anne Mahoney has joined Aspach Grossman Portugal, the graphics and design firm, as a principal.
Their backing tracks for the rappers are dominated by a monolithic beat, usually provided by cannily programmed drum machines.
They added that he was also reacting to the charges of the Cuomo camp that he might have something to hide when he initially resisted releasing six years of income-tax returns beyond the most recent four years he had already disclosed.
''I've just barely begun to do what I'm going to do as an adult in this business,'' Miss McArdle reflected.
In the previous two games, the hitters had to overcome poor fielding to win the games.
''Preparing the house for La Purisima, that's what counts now,'' said Mirta Gutierrez as she sold fried bananas and guava juice from a small stand this morning.
''I should think so indeed, considering she doubled me,'' said the Colonel.
In a memorandum to the court urging harsh sentences for the mob figures convicted in Kansas City, the Government said, ''The largest union in this country was corrupted at its very highest levels from, at least, the mid-1960's up through, at least, the fall of 1983 by the power of criminal groups.''
Not only do fewer Philadelphians go to movies, he said; they also go less often.
Finally, the President asserted that, in Congress, a ''fragmented oversight process is a source of confusion.''
At the time the Governor called the moratorium, he in effect exempted from it the applications for two large medical centers that had been proposed by two of his co-defendants.
It is tantalizing to speculate whether his life might have been different if Lou Andreas-Salome, his early lover and then his confidante, had married him.
Last week, for the second consecutive week, the President devoted much of his attention to Colonel Muammar el-Qaddafi and the terrorist acts the Libyan leader is believed to have inspired, if not actually ordered.
Sperry has begun discussions with Burroughs on a ''business combination.''
Mr. Good, who is 46, joined Hutton in 1984 and was apparently expected to make the firm a major player in mergers, acquisitions and buyouts.
Open, free, from 11 A.M. to 7 P.M. daily.
Mr. Casey says a maglev link between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh would reduce travel times from the present eight hours or so on Amtrak to about two hours.
''The trends are pretty well established: lousy on the export side, reasonably strong on the domestic side,'' said Peter Morgan, chief economist at the British investment firm of Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. ''The question is whether the economy will go up from here, or take another plunge.''
''I think he was sincere about tightening up.''
Ms. Leggett then expressed support for a United Nations resolution equating Zionism and racism, and proposed naming a street after Mr. Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, or after the Sabra and Shatila camps where Palestinian refugees were massacred in Israel's 1982 invasion of Lebanon, so that ''we might stop and reflect and say 'never again.'
A white-gloved attendant politely compresses a woman's handbag into her stomach so that she may fit more compactly into the car, and that little extra shove he provides contorts my arm that much farther away from the rest of me.
''The Chinese don't understand the principle of privacy.''
Her grandson, Derrick Condon, 12, wearing a bright green peaked cap lettered ''Brooksville Volunteer Fire Department,'' was supervising the grab bag: a box of gift-wrapped packages labeled ''adult 25 cents'' or ''baby 10 cents,'' etc., while 10-year-old Heather Astbury sold bibb lettuce.
But because herpes is only one cause of atherosclerosis, such a vaccine presumably would not eliminate the disease, he said.
Vice President,'' as a colleague appreciatively calls him).
But that item, called the Kelly bag, is something young Parisians and the stylish all over the world save their pennies and francs for.
''If there was a big rock, it would have held the building up,'' Mr. Bono said.
Mr. Baker, the parish priest, who is reported to have a first-class degree from Oxford and mastery of 11 languages, described how he became convinced that Mr. Knight was in the grip of Satan after seeing him fall into a trance that the priest recognized as a ''demonic spirit infestation.''
In keeping with the Viennese flavor of the garden, an open-air cafe will sell Viennese pastries and coffees, as well as other foods.
'He Used to Cut Our Grass' ''Adam lent me dirt bike magazines and said I could come over any time and play,'' said Wayne G. Bannon, 14, who lives across the street from the Groth family.
''Just think, I began translating it in the 1950's.
The view from the window is of a sky streaked with scarlet, orange, lemon yellow, emerald, turquoise and blue-violet.
Plays used to go out of town and tour for however long was deemed necessary to work out the difficulties, and all plays have difficulties.
Five men will go on trial in New Haven tomorrow on the central allegation of New York City's corruption scandal - that control of its Parking Violations Bureau was seized by a small group of men who used it for personal profit.
But the lawyer said that he could not find her and that her mail had been left uncollected at her doorstep.
''Our business is to see that when we are called upon to defend this country we are prepared,'' he said.
BankAmerica is said to have been advised to clear the air by acknowledging the discussions but making it clear that it was not interested in merging with anyone.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Levi's, for instance, owns a pair of floating blue jeans, Winston a pack of cigarettes and Westinghouse a ''flightbulb.''
His father is a business consultant in Potomac.
Opening a new season for public television's ''Mystery!''
Mr. Gruber, a 28-year-old investment banker with Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., goes skiing in Telluride, Colo., and Sun Valley, Idaho, drives an Alfa Romeo and is looking for a cooperative apartment just steps off Fifth Avenue, as the real estate brokers say.
They last saw him playing in the house at 3 P.M. Saturday afternoon, according to Officer Anthony Vallelong, a spokesman for the police.
''I was crying because I can see how she is growing inside as a person right in front of me.
But history has shown that genius does not often blossom until it has an interpreter.
Drawing trumps would have worked because the queen falls doubleton, but that was against the odds.
He invented the ''Thru-VU'' vertical blind and was co-author of a onetime best seller in the field, ''Tomorrow's House.''
B1 A climate of caution for bartenders and others who serve liquor to young people has resulted from a crackdown on under-age drinking in New York City, officials said.
Four employees of Dorrian's Red Hand, an Upper East Side bar where Jennifer Dawn Levin spent the hours before she was slain, were issued summons over the weekend for selling and serving liquor to minors, the police said.
He said complete copies would be available to the owners of the film ''as soon as possible.''
I chose this mad hiking stintfor totally selfish reasons.
For example the superior signal-to-noise ratio often found in high-quality monitors reduces flicker and ''snow,'' and thereby contributes to better definition of details within the picture.
Madison Square Garden Corporation will pick up $12,000 tab.
Mr. Miller has said that the $54 billion can be raised with a series of program eliminations, the sale of Federal assets and increased user fees - highway tolls.
Somehow familiar, though clearly a casualty of circumstance, it caused us to fall silent in wonder and awe.
In the latest controversy, Mr. Edwards charged in an interview with The Philadelphia Daily News that the Mayor pressured him into submitting a low bid.
The demonstration, by youths in a procession of Palestinians who were mourning the death of Anwar Nusseibeh, was apparently in response to anti-Arab violence by Jews since a Jewish student was slain in Jerusalem on Nov. 15.
In the mid 1940's, he began twisting, turning and shaping metal in a provocative and new style.
We promised that we'd take him back to India some day.
They've got the apartment, the furniture, even the kids of their own, but they still think of grown-ups as the people their parents are, the people who taught and hired them, the people they call Mister.
Although the deal caught some observers by surprise, it was actually the two men's second attempt to buy the Dallas-based company.
Britain spent much diplomatic capital urging its colleagues in the European Community to join in a united stand against Syria.
Warren McVea, a former University of Houston and National Football League player, was jailed in lieu of $25,000 bond on charges of selling crack to support his drug habit, the Houston police said.
Ten years later he sold the company, of which he was chairman and principal stockholder, to The New York Times Company.
But if your partner is thinking, the proprieties require that your metronome be switched off; inferences from the speed of play opposite you are illegitimate.
Mr. Roane, a drinking, homeless man of 34, was found with his canned goods and whisky and beer by a construction worker.
A representative of the Archbishop of Canterbury who has been trying for more than a year to negotiate the release of Americans being held in Lebanon said yesterday that his mission was ''on standby'' until there was a response from the group holding the hostages captive.
This is true whether the films are great (''Breathless,'' ''La Chinoise,'' ''Two or Three Things I Know About Her,'' ''Weekend''), didactic (''Le Gai Savoir''), beautiful to look at but slightly boring (''Tout Va Bien'') or off-the-wall (''Hail Mary'').
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Both are living in California.
The afternoon lacked artistic excellence.
Point Gloria, Massachusetts, $1 million.
''Una Cosa Rara'' had a libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte, who did two other Martin y Soler operas besides his now-famous ones by Mozart.
You said that lasted almost a half an hour instead of five minutes?
There were more than two dozen arrests.
Makeup of Comets Dr. Whipple noted that fragments of the molecules of water, ammonia and methane had been detected in spectral analyses of light radiated by material shed by comets to form their tails.
It allows him to then say that the Central Intelligence Agency spends billions without learning very much.
''Let the people decide what to do with the money.
Meanwhile, Blue's buddy Alex separates stormily from his wife and finds himself in limbo; when he is asked whether he is married, ''I really don't know right now'' is the honest answer.
The result has been thousands of new jobs in banking services and millions in investments by banks in parts of the state.
At the Ethel Barrymore Theater, 243 West 47th Street.
Although Michael remains close to his brother and rues the troubles Leon has seen, he is more detached about them these days than he was in the past.
They live in Jerusalem, but many of their values and dreams are not too different from those of suburban Jewish couples in Shaker Heights, Scarsdale or Bloomfield Hills.''
They are temporarily housed in welfare hotels and shelters.
A small minority should be allowed to tie the chamber in knots, this argument holds, without having to worry about the reaction of a viewing public that might not fully understand what is going on.
I had to resort to a strategically placed pinch on the leg, executed under the guise of adjusting the hem of her Brownie uniform.
In 1972, the city's Art Commission, which votes on works of art proposed for placement on city property, gave its approval to the piece, although the panel did not record who owned the piece or how long it was to be shown.
The outcome of the February vote, education officials here say, tells much about why the system now stands at such critical junctures.
We continued to a cradle-arched chapel where late afternoon light streamed in tall windows.
The spacecraft would be capable of coasting at half the speed of light.
George has been around - at the start of ''Mona Lisa'' he's just finished serving a seven-year prison term - but there are some things he simply cannot tolerate.
The scenes of village life, which occur mostly in the second film, ''Manon des Sources,'' were shot in Mirabeau, a town considerably north of Pagnol's original Aubagne.
But when you let them back like we did, you're constantly fighting an uphill battle.''
B9 Bishops' talks may bring change A1 A drug for Alzheimer's disease improved the memories of a small group of people and temporarily reduced the symptoms of this devastating illness of old age, sometimes dramatically, a study said.
* Spreading the Word rrArmorial stationery of Paris has arrived in New York.
He is currently director of photography for Paul Newman, who is directing ''The Glass Menagerie'' in the Kaufman-Astoria Studio in Queens.
There are Bolivian Indian shawls and headbands, Moroccan rugs and weavings, a Noh robe - some 50 items in all.
Some Relief at Outcome Like many Democrats, Representative Thomas J. Downey of Long Island expressed relief that Mr. Reagan would not be able to tour the country as a triumphant hero.
The afternoon began for the Mets with a rousing start against Cox, an 18-game winner last year who was making his debut this year after four weeks on the sidelines with a chipped bone in the right ankle.
Light against dark always works in planting, too: dark against light is curiously less effective.
The Libyan press said the raid was the work of Chadian rebel forces.
All of which brings me to evolution .
''It's not a very big island,'' they told me, ''because all the big islands are taken at present, but next year when Women's Wear Daily decides which of the big-island holders are 'out,' you'll be able to pick up something more spacious.''
Mr. Lindenauer, as he did a few days ago, reported that it went for payments on the mortgages on two homes, food, clothing, automobiles and several trips, including a stay at the Pritikin diet institute in Pennsylvania, a two-week motor trip through Maine and Nova Scotia, and at least one trip to California, for which the air fare was paid by Bernard Sandow, the head of one of the parking bureau's debt-collection agencies.
We haven't scored as many runs as I would like.
Later, in London, the dollar was quoted at 177.20 yen.
''It points out the difficulties of catching a wave of public opinion when the waters are very still,'' he said.
Jack Eckerd said the proposed settlement would not involve any payments in excess of the buyout price.
''He really believed that if supplying some spare parts and arms would do it, he was ready to overrule both Shultz and Weinberger.
The reporter asked what an eephus was.
An undefeated champion will earn $210,000.
1 and that's where the headquarters usually are,'' he said.
Private homes in Art Deco style are abundant in many parts of Miami Beach, but so far only a few homeowners have undertaken the daunting task of restoration, especially of the interiors.
Texas law-enforcement officials said that one of the men arrested Sept. 18 in the Rio Grande Valley of south Texas carried a Mexican Federal Judicial Police photo-identification card and badge.
Obviously, the highest number of points must go to what we may loosely call the Aryans - the Powells, the Whites, the Stewarts, the Burgers, and in fact (curiously enough), the entire composition of the present Supreme Court, with the exception of Justice Marshall.
The industry is asking that each state be allowed to set its own weight limit.
Some analysts say that the bill is dead, that the vote on banks shows Congress does not have the will to take on powerful interests.
He said the proposals, which included the formation of an advisory panel of top commanders and the computerization of corruption complaint records, constituted the most extensive anticorruption measures to be adopted since those that followed the 1972 Knapp Commission investigation.
''The average civilian has the image of a cop who is a tough person and is insensitive to human needs,'' said Father Edward B. Beckles, a police chaplain in Brooklyn.
Volcker Unhappiness The dollar also gained strength when Paul A. Volcker, the Federal Reserve's chairman, was quoted by Reuters as saying the dollar's fall against the yen ''doesn't make me happy.''
The return said the group had no officers or directors in common with other groups, although public records show Mr. Robertson headed CBN and the council.
Since the 1920's, when the estate was put up for sale by Mr. Russell's daughter, its subdivisions have created one of Princeton's choicest neighborhoods, also called Edgerstoune.
First, he punts - and he has been smacking the ball well.
Admission is by contribution; information: 254-8620.
Algae, yeast, bacteria and fungi are reproducing so fast in the contaminated vessel at the Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant that they are impairing efforts to clean up the stricken plant, officials report.
Point Proved, Long Says Senator Russell B.
The former Senator was taken by ambulance to Good Samaritan Hospital in West Palm Beach, where he was pronounced dead at 5:29 P.M. His wife, Marion, arrived at the hospital shortly after his death.
''Read the statement as I wrote it,'' he snapped.
made matters worse, its critics contend, by using Argentine trainers whose own ''dirty war'' against Marxist rebels would end in state terror and public repudiation in Argentina, and by creating a traditional Latin American peasant army that failed to attract middle-class support and depends on vulnerable supply lines to fixed bases in Honduras.
Is there a ridge pole?
For instance, Barry Jr. was overweight until he went to college, and Worth delighted in introducing him as ''Belly,'' rather than Barry.
Characteristically, they grew out of imagery in previous works.
Sax Commits an Error The game was the opening act of a weekend series between two old rivals with the two best pitching staffs in the National League.
RECORDS SET IN QUALIFYING COLORADO SPRINGS, Aug. 27 (UPI)-Michael Huebner of East Germany and Connie Paraskevin of the United States set unofficial world records in time trials today during the first day of the world cycling championships Huebner, 27 years old, finished the 200 meters in 10.11 seconds, bettering the mark of 10.19 set by his East German teammate, Lutz Hesslich, in 1985 on the same track.
Certainly the most difficult task in writing this sort of memoir has to do with putting one's own family in perspective - and finding a tone and a voice appropriate to that most personal of subjects.
* Accessory: StyleWriter ($198 from Carolina Engineering Laboratories).
To the Editor: Martin Gallent's departure from the City Planning Commission, after 16 years of extraordinary thoughtfulness and dedicated service, leaves a hole that will not be easy to fill.
Stylistically, ''On Freedom's Ground,'' blends Mr. Schuman's characteristically imposing mixture of lofty late-Romantic chromaticism and elegant Neo-Classical formality.
c-Net loss and the quarter includes a tax loss of $40,000.
And it gave Gooden the lead at 4-3.
Where Mr. Fraser and Mr. Miller got their money is not clear.
The law isn't perfect, but it's a start at rectifying a situation that needs rectifying.''
Cliff Robertson, the actor, and Pelle Petterson, a yachtsman from Sweden, joined forces to win the Sebago Celebrity Regatta in New York harbor yesterday.
''We are going to explain that Mexico has made a great internal effort that has not always been understood abroad,'' he added.
In 1984, the court decided against the Church of Scientology, ordering payment of back taxes and penalties.
Mr. Purcell also brushed off criticism of high county taxes and a budget that has risen from $877 million to $1.377 billion, or nearly 60 percent, during his years as Executive.
''The Rhine is swift as the Rhone,'' exclaimed Victor Hugo, ''wide as the Loire, deeply embanked like the Meuse, winding as the Seine, limpid and green as the Somme, historic as the Tiber, royal as the Danube, mysterious as the Nile, spangled with gold like a river of America, covered with fables and phantoms like a river of Asia.''
Sister Jacqueline said the decline had bottomed out and that a vigorous new promotional program aimed primarily at high-school students in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania could lead to her goal of doubling the enrollment.
He was carried on the shoulders of the people.''
Cory is a celebrity abroad, but up here, as well as in most parts of the country, people are still wary and indifferent to her government.''
Her father retired as president of the Liberty Corrugated Container Corporation in Maspeth, Queens.
Some commmuters begin to greet her before they reach the platform landing; others stride by stony-faced, ignoring the outstretched hand.
That wasn't his only approach.
Most people do not even know what it means to have your vagina removed.''
At the Eastman House, in Rochester, the major offering is ''This Edifice is Colossal'' - a title that refers to 19th-century architectural photography.
Mr. Litwak has drawn on a large number of industry sources - producers, directors, studio executives, screenwriters, agents and actors.
Two Other Agents Watch Mr. Cortez asked the police to talk to two other D.E.A.
They, in turn, wrote that they would investigate my complaint.
Although the guard combination of Clyde and the Pearl seemed in retrospect to be a match made in hoop heaven, it was not a widely held theory at the beginning.
In February 1985, the index stood at 135 percent.
Ever since the big, strong Boston Celtic front line of Larry Bird, Kevin McHale and Robert Parish was put together for the 1980-81 season, and augmented this year with the addition of Bill Walton, it has provided opposing coaches with serious matchup problems.
Here we saw a people put up a heroic, and in some cases a fatal, defense.
The 1805 portrait, depicting the Marquessa as a beautiful woman, reclining with a lyre and wearing a wreath of flowers in her hair and a fashionably low-cut gown, has been estimated by the auction house to sell for more than $10 million.
''I had never managed before, and he gave me a chance.
The new type of instrument permits interest and principal payments on the pool of mortgages backing the securities to be separated, and then traded independently.
''At that moment, the Allied Chemical sign flashed 'Happy Birthday.'
That's a lot of players.
They might be headed for the central synagogue, the Tempio Maggiore, the heart of Roman-Jewish life at the Tiber's edge, where rabbis keep the faith in Italian and Hebrew; to a meeting at the Bar Toto on Via del Portico d'Ottavia (which serves kosher coffee); or to the palm-ringed Piazza Giudia to collect a child playing there after Hebrew school.
Should Early Programs Be Like Regular School?
Beginning last week Lewis, the first track and field athlete to win four gold medals in one Olympics since Jesse Owens in 1936, said that he felt ready for a good long jump competition.
''We can't believe it, we are collecting 500 tons of rubbish per day,'' Mrs. Paul said.
Oh well, the French think our perceptions of them are pretty funny, too.
Most of what is seen at the Chelsea show is predictable from one year to the next.
Not always, otherwise this would indeed be the promised land.
It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus five percentage points.
This is the little book that Marie Laurencin made between 1920 and 1922 for her goddaughter and nieces.
Too patly organized, too predictably resolved, ''The Hemingway Play'' founders on what may be an insoluble problem: how to make a hero out of an indisputably fine writer who spent much of his life playing the role of a boozy, macho celebrity.
The charges relate primarily to oil wells whose development would not be justified by current oil prices, the company said, and they include a provision for accelerated amortization of some domestic leases.
But the question is even more fraught in Harlem, for this is not just any depressed inner-city neighborhood but what the Works Progress Administration guide to New York called ''the spiritual center of Black America.''
and what the guerrillas considered the real power in Spain, the army.
The single most important factor, he added, might be the filing of a city income-tax return for the period in question.
There are 900 Oneidas in New York.
By auction's end at 6:30 P.M., 3,000 people - from laborers to small-business owners to speculators - had passed through an auditorium that holds 700, making the sale one of the largest in years.
The company's vice chairman, James Kinnear, will be named to the post, but he will apparently share considerable power with Texaco's president, Alfred DeCrane Jr., who will become chairman.
Free concerts will be held in various city squares Friday, the eve of the summer festival's start.
And Mr. Hauer, who has reportedly vowed not to play any more villains or crackpots, is probably making the right decision, if this is any measure of the sort of role that comes his way.
Breakfast is $5, service included.
''Operating nursing homes is not like running a hotel chain, where you replicate the service,'' Mr. Van Tuyle said.
And when I see the Statue of Liberty, no matter how many times, it's always thrilling and makes me feel so very proud.
''Fearful of dying, waking up in a sweat.
This credit-card surcharge is particularly unfair to the consumer who pays cash, in that he pays the inflated credit-card price but does not receive the 30-day period within which to pay for the merchandise.
For married persons filing jointly, the phase-out begins when A.M.T.
Also, there is Bamboche at Rivadavia 6500, where tango alternates with disco dancing.
Business commuters will call this the Shuttle Series, but there is greater distance separating the two competing clubs than a 45-minute flight from one airport to the other.
As prices for crude oil for immediate delivery have fallen from slightly over $30 a barrel in the third week of November to more than $25 a week ago and $20.59 yesterday, it has helped to reduce yields on Treasury securities.
DDB Needham, Canada, will be housed in the former D.D.B.
In addition, after setting higher capital standards for the industry in 1985, the regulators agreed to let farm and energy banks, on a case-by-case basis, drop below that current 6 percent minimum of net worth, to as low as 3 percent, for as many as five years.
Rabbi Agus was the spiritual leader of the Beth El Congregation in Baltimore from 1950 to 1980, when he became rabbi emeritus.
In your dark house The winds are silent .
The author's faith and determination, apparent throughout the book, are summarized in the last poem he composed in prison, a poem written in his own blood after the guards confiscated his paper.
In this multistylistic atmosphere, the clarinet is beginning to reassert itself.
It is apparent from manifest errors that the texts are corrupt even for those 30 or so poems that have not survived elsewhere.
On Sheridan Square, the dark, wood-paneled Lion's Head (for years a writers' haunt) has one of the most loquacious bars in New York and an unpretentious dining area in the side room.
Training demands are becoming excessive.
Grace is also facing an investigation of its Cryovac plant by a Federal grand jury in Boston.
Japan has been under pressure to stimulate its economy both from manufacturers hurt by the strong yen and from the United States.
While judges, most of whom are men, are allowed such supplments through investments, the report says, court employees who are low on the salary scale, many of whom are women, are flatly prohibited from holding second jobs.
He said that Governor Cuomo has promised to raise $1 million for the general election campaign and that he expected another $1 million from fund-raising, including money from the Democratic Senatorial campaign committee.
But he also happens to be a leading figure in the Mets' worst-possible-scenario that the team and the fans have been dreading all season.
Landau's (257 Gloucester Road; 5-8935867) - owned by the same people - has more creative food.
''He'll be the prime tenant.
J. Robin Modereger's set designs are minimal, but effective.
'A Floating Sensation' At another session, he reported he experienced a ''floating sensation like I was not in this world. ''
After leaving college, Steve recalls, ''My dad said to me, 'All you've been doing your whole life is playing football and going to the movies.
Disagreeing with the tenets of the congress or the papers of some of its members will not make either the congress or the papers disappear, nor should the papers be ignored because of political differences and disapproval.
Mr. Mishkin, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Eli A. Mishkin of Brooklyn, graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover, Mass., and Yale.
She is implicit, sadly vanished, just beyond reach.
Despite the notice pasted on some, like a warning from the Surgeon General, that crime is evil, I could not separate the players, whose names I must have known before I ever saw them, from their parts.
Hegel also would reply in the affirmative, or at least in assenting metaphor.
The sources said the policy was intended to ease the threat of terrorist attacks in West Berlin.
They are the ''regulars,'' an army of men and women who, with only a touch of hyperbole, said they had wandered about in close to a state of shock when a horse breeders' strike closed the track for five days earlier this month.
In all three towns, residents and officials consider them as permanent as the many historical landmarks that they seek to preserve.
In the interim, he had spent three weeks on the disabled list with a pulled muscle in his rib cage, then made four relief outings before Manager Lou Piniella moved him back into the rotation.
The reason for this disappearance of the bass was discovered in a different context more than a century ago by Lord Kelvin, the British physicist, in his famous theoretical study of vibrating bodies.
In its study of the dispersion of blacks in the area, the group found that 82 percent of the blacks lived in 10 percent of Nassau's census tracts and 59 percent of black Suffolk residents were concentrated in 10 percent of the census tracts there.
At stake are three central issues: consumer options for digital sound, especially whether the car and portable CD players in which many people are investing might soon be rendered obsolete by digital tape; the potential threat to the brilliant marketing success of CD's thus far, and the ethical and legal question of home copying of copyrighted recordings.
He quoted the Mayor as saying: ''There was never an agreement on my not supporting Jimmy Carter.
Administration agencies and private analysts said they could not account for all the remaining Libyan investment in the United States.
The warehouse was protected by an alarm system, which the suspects triggered when they left the building, he said.
Asked if he is the fastest runner in the world, Johnson said, ''I am right now.''
To help conserve cash, Nancy Gordon, regional manager at the Hackensack, N.J., office of the Globe Mortgage Corporation, recommends incorporating the points charge (loan-origination fee) into the mortgage loan.
Marshall's Eisenhower makes an interesting point.
''Pierre Cardin did 300 styles,'' he said.
To the Editor: News coverage of the report of the commission on pornography appointed by Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d has been focusing on the commission's claim that pornography provokes violence.
And at precisely 1:57 P.M., they reached a consensus.
Earlier, there was catchy pop-rock from the Hooters, elaborate guitar solos from Stanley Jordan, tender love songs from Joan Armatrading, teen-rebellion workouts from John Eddie.
''I think the book will infuriate people,'' he said, and maybe it will.
On the contrary, they said, Iranian officials seem united in their eagerness to exploit the controversy for domestic and foreign consumption.
The new lease is worth $60 million, but neither the landlord nor the tenant will discuss its length or specific terms.
Golf isn't accustomed to that.
The mistake must not be repeated.
* In a memo written by Donlan to his staff Feb. 21, 1984, he advised that there would be a ''closet'' meeting of the owners, at which time his ''function'' would be ''to scare all of them about the U.S.F.L.''
Instead, the maximum sentence for a drug-related murder will be a life sentence within the discretion of the judge, with the possibility of parole.
But the beauty of this game is that you learn to get them out other ways.
But it was a one-shot performance because the Mets needed a starting pitcher one night.
Some say, in fact, that workers have lost ground, in terms of wages and benefits.
Talks on reducing troops in Europe ended without progress, the White House announced.
He was meant to be read aloud.''
Faced with the irrefutable knowledge of Dr. A's many affairs, Carol left him.
I'm kind of antsy with the basketball season approaching.''
Palestinians close to the P.L.O.
THE warm sun and crystal blue waters of the tropics beckon winter-weary photographers.
There is obviously something about the score that attracts him and it may well be the concerto form, with which he has had such success in other instances.
Its shell will be bright red and the flesh inside will be opaque and succulent.
Infighting Begins Early Political scientists say one symptom of the perceived weakness of the current administration is that infighting among potential candidates has begun earlier and more visibly than during any government in recent memory.
Indeed, because it was fascinated with movement, Futurism seemed in tune with other contemporary attempts to reorganize reality: the influence of Cubism is clearly visible in the Futurists' faceting of form.
Instruments Are Vaporized At the beginning of the blast, the instruments gather their data before being vaporized by the expanding fireball.
The blast tore through the bank's ground-floor entrance, demolishing doors, desks, counters and other furnishings and shattered windows on six floors and in adjacent buildings housing other financial institutions and sidewalk cafes just off a busy commercial thoroughfare.
If there are to be future performances of ''Goya'' (and Mr. Menotti's track record in this respect virtually assures that), some heavy rewriting will be needed.
Chile's President, Gen. Augusto Pinochet, in turn, threatened to stop payment on all of Chile's $20 billion in foreign debt, the highest per capita in South America.
The shattered windows of the South African trade mission here have been boarded up, and new white paint has covered the vengeful words, like ''assassinator'' and ''racist,'' scrawled by demonstrators who believe Pretoria caused the plane crash that killed President Samora M. Machel.
McElroy was prone to holding penalties.
''Jack Kemp and the other supply-side tax cutters were right, for the wrong reasons,'' Mr. Eisner points out rather ruefully.
''But these are mostly familiar.
There was a fierce debate over the attitudes of Sessions, a United States Attorney from Mobile, Ala., toward blacks; Meese says it was ''a campaign of ideologues.''
Instead, Value Line checks to see how a company's performance -both in terms of earnings and stock price - compares with the performance of some 1,700 other stocks, and ranks the stocks on a scale of 1 to 5.
In the six-month march to 1,800, only two Dow stocks lost ground: United States Steel fell 21.9 percent; Texaco dropped 16.3 percent.
Where different tribal cultures once coexisted with only sporadic raiding or battles, the danger of genocide now looms.
But he said at a news conference here that the needs of an increasingly technological society had outpaced improvement in student performance over the last several years, and added: ''Our youngsters are simply not doing well enough.
The relievers Dennis Lamp and Mark Eichhorn held the Indians hitless over the final five innings.
Robberies Are Charged One of the group's officers, identified in the indictment as Fathy el-Bahy, organized the weapons thefts, it said.
''In Mormon theology,'' says a pamphlet explaining the church's precepts, ''adultery is next to murder in gravity.''
THE mystery of the missing solar neutrinos, one of the most vexing problems in physics, may have been solved at last by two Soviet scientists.
* Fewer than one-third of the students were able to adequately back up their points of view in writing.
''We'll take a team any way we can,'' he said.
He also said my husband Ninoy founded the Communist Party of the Philippines at the same time that he says Ninoy was shot by a Communist.''
''Institutions exist to allow us to band together in support of larger purposes; they permit a continuity otherwise impossible to achieve, and they allow a magnification of individual effort,'' he said at the university's 239th commencement.
''As a South American broken-field runner, Desi Arnaz is a good wooer of women,'' Brooks Atkinson wrote in The New York Times.
But the graduate of Harvard and the University of Chicago, who has been working his way up through the P.&G.
'Beyond Normal Discourse' Mr. Spannaus, the LaRouche spokesman, said the suit was brought because Mr. Dabkowski ''went way beyond the give-and-take of normal political discourse.''
It would order a sharp reduction in the money supply, leading to soaring interest rates.
The American networks also carried Mr. Reagan's remarks to the Soviet people, and Soviet television showed Mr. Gorbachev delivering his message to the American people.
STAGECOACH STOP The original ox cramp, or sling, still stands in the 100-year-old blacksmith shop at the North Castle Historical Society.
He noted that the shuttle was ''by far our largest single program,'' but he added that ''it represents only 20 percent of our profitability.''
But he never underestimated Soviet territorial ambitions, and he fought throughout for a democratic Poland.
Mr. Kahn looked around at the signs on the tables - 16 of the 38 organizations were from Brooklyn.
Her disputes with dancers and choreographers have been chronicled, often with humor.
''The controversy surrounds not independent versus agency placement, but rather the question is 'Should there be regulation of the placement of children?'
Simpler animals in which the brain is less crucial, lack the barrier.
However, when Angela Lansbury assumed the role of Anna for three weeks during the 1978 run, she was superb - but Mr. Brynner was then on vacation.
He said, however, that the fire services were unwilling to give up control.
According to Mr. Deland, the Environmental Protection Agency expects the authority to get the job done regardless of budget cuts in Washington.
Jartran, the truck rental company, filed for Chapter 11 for the second time in four years.
All this merriment finally got to Representative Edward F. Feighan, a Democrat whose district includes virtually all the Cleveland suburbs.
The commission's report, called ''Pioneering the Space Frontier,'' was originally to be released last month but was delayed at the request of the White House.
When the prostate develops fully at puberty it weighs about 10 to 15 grams.
One of the dishes entered by the Swiss team contained something called sprouted lentils.
Mr. Probst, who had been in Japan, rushed home after Burroughs announced its offer anyway.
* Get at least three estimates and site evaluations.
Even Jose Antonio Ardanza, head of the government in the Basque region, a center of rebellion against Madrid and the monarchy, said of the oath, ''This is a sign guaranteeing our future and the security of our institutions.''
The study, which its authors says is one of the most detailed examinations of alcohol-related automobile accidents, compiled information from 500,000 accidents in Ohio from January 1982 to June 1983.
It is the Gaia theory's insistence that the earth is a self-controlling, whole system, not a conglomeration of disconnected parts and discontinuous functions, that has drawn the interest of scientists.
The two countries announced on Friday that they would set up diplomatic relations and open embassies.
''I just hope they didn't make a mistake,'' she said.
Can she do this without my permission?
Thank you for taking a step beyond ''local'' concerns, truly in the spirit of the Times.FRANCES KORNBLUTH North Grosvenor Dale Thompson The Times welcomes letters from readers.
Gus Belverio and Barbara Langley operate Pine Hills, and their specialty is chicken and eggs.
The Northrop Corporation today reported a third-quarter net loss of $30.5 million despite increases in sales and a business backlog, in contrast to net income of $47.8 million, or $1.03 a share, for the comparable 1985 quarter.
Add 4 cups of cold water.
Like having a new offensive scheme that includes long passes.
There was an embarrassed silence around the table.
Just as the setting resembled a workroom, so the choreography for nine dancers was rough-hewed in quality.
There's a better way to solve Mr. Weiner's dilemma: Have the dozen or so most jeopardized banks agree among themselves to sell all their ''nonperforming'' loans to, say, half of the group, while all of the good loans would be sold to the other half.
Then the Nassau County District Court moved in, helping to preserve the 55-year-old structure for more than a decade.
All the victories for the Rangers (18-21-3) have come with John Vanbiesbrouck in goal.
Unfortunately, most efforts to survey and rate these varied programs lump them all together and match them against one another on the broadest possible scale, usually giving top honors to two or three high-powered performers with the most features.
When we get the tears out of our eyes, we may begin to see and think more clearly about the meaning of this tragedy, and wonder where we're going.
From the beginning, Mr. Ward emphasized theatrical priorities as paramount.
Knowing Schubertian that he is, Mr. Serkin allowed the sonata to flower in its own good time, never forcing the issue or rushing past delicious details in hopes of making the work sound as terse and economical as Beethoven.
With them I made attempts to 'lift that old mug' - surely the most elusive piece of metal.
''We've seen agencies being flooded with requests,'' said James Carter, executive director of the Hillside Child Care Center in Rochester.
In the mid 1960's Dr. Whalley discovered Ice VIII and Ice IX at his Ottawa laboratory, and last year German physicists announced the discovery of Ice X.
The afternoon of racing will aid the New York chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
His staff estimates that in a grueling 50-hour week, the typical cabbie can earn only $350 to $500, without fringe benefits.
An account of the actor's public and private life written with his cooperation.
The program is part of a ''Highlights in Jazz'' series.
The signals collected by a sonobuoy are broadcast to patrolling aircraft by radio.
One is without the proper engraving, and the other is made of not only silver but also gold.
Some perfect, hermetic concentration sealed as canned goods or pharmaceuticals.
But after that, there was such a blur of names and roles that Rowan was hard pressed to pin-point one person or one key role.
''The tracks were dangerous for cars,'' one taxi driver explained.
Inflation-Adjusted Statements For years, most large companies have been producing supplementary, inflation-adjusted financial statements to take account of rising prices on real estate values, machinery and debt-servicing costs; the cost of repaying a loan declines with inflation since payments are made with less valuable dollars.
If she'd gone along with all of Mr. Schell's demands, the film might have been just another show-biz valentine.
''From the Governor's speech at the Democratic Convention in 1984 and his emphasis on family values, many of us expected some real initiatives,'' said Dr. Sayre Uhler, professor of administration policy and urban education at Fordham University's Graduate School of Education.
His statement to the white house of the nation's segregated Parliament in Cape Town came amid mounting bloodshed in his country's black townships and a sharp fall in the value of the rand, its currency.
She holds several pretzel-like twists that work the muscles in the legs, back and stomach.
An official familiar with the investigation by the United States Attorney's office said Mr. Talenti's role was being explored.
Conversation during tea, for example, deals only with matters pertaining to the moment, so that attention stays focused in the here and now.
The opening session at 8 P.M. Tuesday will feature the ''Ghost'' Trio, with the core duo of Harry Clark and Sanda Schuldmann, joined by Mr. Waldman.
Mr. Gorbachev proposed one-on-one talks with President Reagan, with minimal staff at other sessions.
All prices quoted are for high season, generally from March 1 to May 31 and from Sept. 15 to Nov. 15.
Donald J. Trump turns 40 today, and it is about time.
Yet as an artist, she adds, ''all bodies excite me, male and female, in whatever shapes and sizes.
Privileges of the Apparat Mr. Aliyev defended the special services for the party apparat at his news conference, acknowledging the existence of special shops, clinics and restaurants for party workers and arguing that most trade unions, professional unions or large enterprises also had special food outlets, sanatoriums and clinics, that ''one could not say that only the party workers have special facilities or enjoy special rights.''
Nicaraguan officials have shown reporters Salvadoran Air Force identity cards that appeared to have been issued to two American crew members of the downed plane.
Chinese intellectuals who associate the ''Hundred Flowers'' campaign of 1956 with the Communist Party's most notorious betrayal of the principle of intellectual freedom have been faced with a new version of the campaign in the past few weeks.
'Bias Toward Tightening' Noted Although Fed officials clearly remain concerned about the pace of economic growth and voted by an 11-to-1 margin to keep monetary policy unchanged, the language of the summary showed ''a bias towards tightening if monetary aggregates failed to slow down,'' analysts at Ried Thunberg & Company noted.
Bonds insured by USF&G are currently rated AA, but are expected to be raised to the AAA level soon.
The presence of such antibodies indicates exposure to the AIDS virus and probable continuing infection with it, but not whether a person has the fatal disease or will develop it.
They also agreed to many other important points in the Senate bill, including most of the restrictions on deductions for contributions to Individual Retirement Accounts, limits on tax shelters, elimination of favorable treatment for capital gains, the end of deductions for charitable contributions by taxpayers who do not otherwise itemize deductions and the elimination of deductions for interest on consumer loans.
In his presentation at yesterday's hearing, Mr. Kwartler estimated the cost of his underground addition, which he said would meet all of the Guggenheim Museum's needs, to be $10.8 million.
But what is necessary now, while biotechnological development is still in its infancy, is control.
Lawyers for Bernhard H. Goetz, who shot four youths on a subway train in 1984, have asked that a prosecutor be taken off the case because they intend to call him as a witness.
All four still jostle ''Romeo and Juliet'' in middle school and high school reading lists.
Senator Johnston disputed that but said he would not play ''the numbers game.''
''We've had so many requests from businessmen and women who want to meet with him,'' Mr. Nuttle said, adding that such meetings would be ''testing the waters and we wanted to keep it straight on the books'' by forming the committee.
And yet, whether or not this is true, no war was declared in the case of Libya, and there is widespread agreement that acts of war will increasingly occur without a constitutional declaration - Vietnam, Grenada, Lebanon, Nicaragua and the Bay of Pigs being examples.
On another level, an American lawyer, Samuel Pisar, was permitted to speak up in a Soviet court on behalf of five men who had been arrested while celebrating the Jewish holiday of Simhath Torah outside the Moscow Synagogue.
Within that division, along with such gems as the Susan B. Anthony collection and right next to the Houdini collection, is a collection of 4,000 cookbooks.
'How Can We Prevent That?
And I said to myself, 'This is it - this is the most amazing thing I have ever done.'
''You have a program that is administratively decentralized, but all the risk stays in Washington,'' observed Terry W. Hartle, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank.
But apparently the word has not filtered through the Capitol grapevine.
Such an investigation would ''determine if the Administration acted properly or stepped over the line,'' Mr. Dole said.
That evening, after a long siesta, we hit on the Ca'n Maya, a fish restaurant right on the port under the stars that the fishermen themselves frequent.
The financing, which officials at Merrill Lynch said was the largest housing issue this year, is unique because it marks the first time that investors in such bonds are protected against early call due to prepayments or surpluses for 10 years.
The direction at home was repeated in the schools.
''We're the largest non-Japanese manufacturer there.''
MUTUAL funds that invest only in foreign stocks are continuing their winning ways in 1986.
In addition, there are unicorns, of which it's said that ''as long as unicorns rule the earth, evil can never come to the pure of heart.''
She has taken responsibility for everything that must be done in order for her husband to do his job well.
Designed in the Italian Renaissance style by Charles F. McKim of McKim, Mead & White, in 1891, it is a symmetrical arrangement of three galleries around a domed central rotunda.
In choreographing his ballet, Balanchine reversed the order of the score's last two movements and Mr. Irving's recording follows this revised sequence.
The killer appears to be someone who knew those women.''
The President, in his remarks, spoke of the loss of the crew as a tragedy affecting their families and, especially, their children.
Live high and hard, and remember everything you hear and see.
A second phase of the plan calls for additional employment of more than 1,000 in the mid-l990's with production reaching 240,000 vehicles annually.
- From ''A Perfect Spy.''
Do I have to use a rust-resistant paint, and will the heat from the dishwasher affect the paint?
c-Includes tax credits of $20,000 and $35,000 for the quarter and 6 months, respectively.
Mr. Sommer said the coalition was considering asking the city and private industry to withdraw funds from the banks if they did not improve their performance.
as part of a random check of capsule products still on the market because of the two recent Excedrin-related deaths, and tests ''revealed the presence of cyanide.''
The controller, Walter White, who was guiding the DC-9 into Los Angeles International Airport, said there had been problems at other times with a radar system at the airport, including a failure to show aircraft on the scope.
While the press's success has taken even Mr. Ellegood by surprise, it underscores the way in which university presses are continuing to move into publishing niches that have been neglected or abandoned by commercial publishers - and sometimes into areas where they have simply outmaneuvered commercial houses.
To solve an equation, you first define the variables, say x-12 and y-10#6 by typing ''x:12'' and ''y:10 6.''
How politically and militarily active does America need to be in this hemisphere to preserve its interests?
Born to George Arndt, a coal miner, and his wife, Gladys, Miss Sherburne and her twin sister, Nancy Sherburne, were put up for adoption in February 1950 when they were 3 months old.
Ten percent of students who participated in four or more activities had averages of less than 2.0, or C, as against 30 percent of all students.
They also kept acquiring material possessions, including a miniature house and a garage with a car in it.
Lemieux, sidelined for three weeks by sprained knee ligaments, was conspicuously absent, but the Islanders did not have an easier night because of it.
How his son is treated will inevitably be interpreted as a sign of present attitudes toward the Emperor himself.
Our industries are moving to Singapore and Thailand not for the climate, or for low transportation costs to the United States market, but for cheap labor.
''It ruins everything else,'' the other agrees.
And on Thursday, the department's Pension Board gave final approval, basing its decision on his record as an officer, which contained neither complaints nor commendations.
''He promised to cut bureaucracy and has permitted a ruinous expansion of Government.
These laws, designed to preserve the integrity of the works and of those who create them, address such abuses as the change of color and immobilization of a large Alexander Calder mobile sculpture at the Greater Pittsburgh International Airport, the destruction of an Alfred Crimi mural in the Rutgers Presby-terian Church in New York City and the demolition of two stone Art Deco bas relief sculptures from the facade of the old Bonwit Teller building, also in New York City.
PITTSBURGH (NHL) - Returned Brad Aitken; Kevin Clemens; Jeff Daniels and Dave McIlain, left wings; Jim Paek; Rob Wilson and Doug Hobson, defensemen; and Steve Titusto, goalie, to their respective junior hockey teams.
''It is not as if we slipped somewhere between Albania and Nicaragua,'' he said.
National CBS Inc. had a major shakeup after a tense 11-hour board meeting.
''The new data confirm that reductions in [ non-cash ] programs have increased poverty in the U.S. and that these programs are now lifting fewer people out of poverty.''
Mr. Wright did not name the defaulters.
4 ENTER TALKING, by Joan Rivers with 4 5 Richard Meryman.
They can be only a few inches high as they move across the open sea, but they are very broad and can move at 600 miles an hour.
They have to return last year's large donations by city contractors and gradually pay off their debts from small, untainted contributions.
Osceola was organized by the Catalyst Energy Development Corporation and three New York investment firms - Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc.; Bear, Stearns & Company, and Mabon Nugent & Company.
The topic circled my group, with each person volunteering a suggestion.
Over its 64-year history the arboretum has tried to preserve its plots of prairie and woodlands from the increasing pressures of development.
Those who delight in combinations of fantasy and fine music may find that this double-bill is just what they have been waiting for.
The consequences of the gray-market system are twofold: For the American distributor, it means fewer sales and less profit.
West Humphreys: Federal judge in Tennessee, removed from office in 1862 for advocating secession and accepting office as a Confederate judge.
Drug companies are marketing new diagnostic tests that are quicker and more reliable thanks to evolving technology.
Yet by the time his life ended, he had slipped into poverty and neglect.
And if the flaxen-haired Australian had won all three titles, he would be teeing off today in the Professional Golfers Association championship at Inverness in Toledo, Ohio, with an opportunity to do what no other golfer has ever accomplished - sweep all four major tournaments in the same year.
Formal coursework was conducted at Koya-san University's department of esoteric religion.
''What is happening is that the graphite is burning and all those fission products which in a U.S. reactor would stay in the ground are now being pumped into the air all the time,'' he said.
The theme is gratuitously reinforced by Mr. Scardino's ubiquitous dancing stagehands - burlesque Bolsheviks out of ''Silk Stockings'' for Act I, trench-coated C.I.A.
Over the next decade she performed regularly on variety shows hosted by Ed Sullivan, Dean Martin, Andy Williams and others.
urges greater exchange-rate stability, saying that the success of the Group of Five agreement - made by the United States, France, West Germany, Britain and Japan at the Plaza Hotel in New York - as well as the Tokyo summit countries' pledge to coordinate economic policies more closely have raised expectations that currencies will become less volatile.
The education dispute was played out among legislators, those from rich districts versus those from poor ones.
MULLOY: The low temperature increases the time that will be required for the ah, O ring to extrude into the gap.
They did proselytize, they said .
There hasn't been a good deal of poetry on Capitol Hill since Senator Eugene McCarthy slipped not so gently into that dark night of political retirement/oblivion some 16 years ago, but there may be a few lines quoted there this evening.
It left the Yankees with a 13-23 record this season against left-handed starters.
Fidelity workers, like those at most Wall Street investment houses, get bonuses in years when trading volume soars, and a group of roughly 300 are given what the company terms ''phantom shares'' - cash dividends that reflect the rising value of Fidelity's assets.
**With each share, purchaser also gets one warrant, and every two warrants are convertible to one share of stock at a price of $43.70.
''Everyone was knocking himself out to get that one,'' recalled Harold W. Ritchey, who was chief executive of Thiokol until his retirement in 1977, in a recent interview.
IF you watch for spring on a Manhattan terrace you must disregard the poet's ode to the daffodil and the naturalist who spots a trillium on a walk in the woods.
First-rate sauteed sweetbreads take on an arresting texture in a coating of ground pecans, flanked by firm fresh kernels of corn speckled with minced red pepper, while thin slices of pink-red duck breast roused the palate with a left-right combination of tart lime and hot peppers.
A Sign of Deference According to Douglas Pike, the head of the Indochina Studies Program at the University of California at Berkeley and the editor of the periodical Indochina Chronology, the naming of Nguyen Van Linh as party chief is ''a clear sign of deference to the south.''
'Really an Old Problem' The rate for November was 34 percent.
BRITAIN'S MASTER SPY: The Adventures of Sidney Reilly.
''I don't use them,'' he added.
Ultimately, People's biggest failing, according to Mr. Gitner, its former president, was that its system became an end unto itself rather than a means to execute a strategy and make money.
While I was stumbling over measure four, my piano partner was on measure eight.
Every so often, travelers are painfully reminded how damaging it can be when a major travel company suddenly goes out of business.
When she got home, the police surrounded the house and jailed her on a 30-day detention order.
While two surgical teams watched football in a nearby lounge, the Pittsburgh surgeons began the operation, quickly flushing the body and internal organs with a cooling solution to preserve the tissue.
A list of aid programs misstated the area served by one of them, Project Reachout.
Lower oil prices hurt Kaiser's market for supplying drilling platform projects off California and also hurt margins on coal.
Milton J. Petrie has given $10 million to the Beth Israel Medical Center, officials of the Manhattan hospital said.
G. Allen Dale, Mr. Scott's attorney, said, ''He has an explanation of how he had them and it's noncriminal.''
Wildlife officials hope the birds will breed and can eventually be released into the wild.
At Movieland, Broadway at 47th Street; Loews 84th Street Six, at Broadway; Manhattan Twin, 59th Street, east of Third Avenue; New Gramercy, 23d Street, near Lexington Avenue; R.K.O.
Some old-timers think the changes have been for the better.
President Alfonsin is promising to stand firm.
Unlike France, Spain does participate on many NATO military committees and has altered its own defense plans to fit those of the alliance.
But after a blocked shot by Cliff Robinson, Jeff Ruland scored to make the score 111-111.
Money was raised from foundations and from the Guardian Life Insurance Company, whose offices are just north of the park.
A man who answered the telephone at Michael Mitchell's home in Baltimore identified himself as Michael Mitchell, but when asked about the investigation, said it was a wrong number and hung up.
That would be an example of the secular law reaching out to help the divine law.
These practices, Mr. Smith said, included interviewing students to determine their race and assessing students' suitability for the school based on whether their parents accompanied the students to the interview.
The place to find them is in the past, naturally.
Other important studies of lower-class women include Ruth Rosen's ''Lost Sisterhood: Prostitution in America 1900-1918'' (1982) and Faye E. Dudden's ''Serving Women: Household Service in Nineteenth-Century America'' (1983).
It is not a history, though it contains a wealth of historical information.
A spokesman for the Hunts' lawyers said they were considering an appeal but no decision had been reached by late this afternoon.
- a reference to Strategic Defense Initiative, the Reagan Administration's term for the space missile program.
Lenny Dykstra hit the home run down the right-field line, giving the Mets their first extra-base hit and their first lead of the 83d World Series.
This ''netback'' pricing method has become a key force on the world oil market.
Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California Democrat who was on the panel, charged that the Justice Department had ''ignored the law, which is clearly intended to change the fears and stereotypes that people hold about the disabled.''
Its characters included an urban woman with a shopping cart, a gesticulating businessman, a mysterious robed woman and a woman resembling a clay figurine.
O'Rielly, O'Brien, Clow/RSCG, which opened its doors on Nov. 13, has just picked up its first client, the 3M Company, for its Travelmation Corporation, a new Stamford, Conn., company that will be marketing an electronic travel agency service called Trip Planner, which it thinks will revolutionize corporate travel departments.
The Exxon Corporation, the world's largest oil company, reported a profit increase of 6.5 percent, but would have posted a decline if not for special charges.
#3 Others Are Given the Edge Nine candidates remain, but on the basis of polls, according to people in political circles, three contenders are most likely to challenge Mr. Kennedy for an appreciable share of votes.
Miners Being Studied Experts base their risk estimates on incomplete studies of lung cancer among uranium miners in Colorado, Wyoming and Utah.
The officials said he ordered a nurse and then a doctor to disconnect the life supports.
A Santa working for a Hartford telemarketing company has been extending greetings, warnings and even telling jokes via telephone - for a price.
He agreed, for example, that either of the candidates could take pot shots at Mr. Dukakis.
The malady strikes in the most sophisticated places.
Origin of Idea The idea that a stomach bubble might work as a temporary weight-loss aid stems from observations on people who, because of emotional illness or otherwise, swallowed hair that formed inert balls in their stomachs.
In the midst of the worst burst of political violence in Pakistan in three years, the busy port city of Karachi on the Arabian Sea has again become a place of entrenched hatreds and seemingly irreconcilable grievances, shaking the country's political foundation.
Following are assessments of the consequences of tax reform in various types of real-estate activities: Major Office Development ''I don't think the changes in the tax law are necessarily a bad thing for a builder who builds for his own account,'' said David Solomon, president of Solomon Equities, which does just that.
Officials of the Chevron Corporation, the nation's fourth-largest oil company, recently said that they would probably reduce their work force by 15 percent.
It received high critical acclaim but low ratings and was dropped after six months.
We and Nick have ruled that out.
The trajectory of ''Zombie Jamboree'' is familiar.
Both were released on their own recognizance.
But she was also unique among them: the only American-built vessel at the centennial that was plying East Coast waters when the Statue of Liberty was placed upon its pedestal in 1886.
This year the landlords suggested that all tenants pay an increase of 13 percent.
Robert Runcie, Archbishop of Canterbury, abandoned his efforts on behalf of the American hostages last December after the kidnappers refused to moderate their demand for the freedom of 17 of their colleagues jailed in Kuwait.
How can the Court continue to live with and administer a system so suspect?
''The players of yesterday will not necessarily be the players five years from now.''
Through mergers and acquisitions, including the $450 million deal for Saatchi & Saatchi of London to buy Ted Bates Worldwide, ''mega-agencies'' are being created that dwarf traditional agencies.
Many, however, have sneaked in through the unlocked back entrance.
East Barbeque Restaurant, 959 2d Ave. (51st St.).
Squaw Valley's history has been controversial almost from the start.
It also calls for reform of the tax system to reduce the burden on the poor and international agreements to reduce arms sales.
A call to Peter Norton Computing later that day elicited the fact that the particular minor obstacle I encountered arises when one is working with a Leading Edge Model D computer, which I was in fact using at the time.
Nevertheless, the company -which has faced recurring allegations of employment discrimination from Hispanics, blacks and women - was thrown on the defensive.
Livestock and meat futures were mostly lower on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
So college officials decided they would take the college to the prospective students.
Reggie Williams made it 73-67 on a 3-point play with 51 seconds left.
Five weeks after the loss of the Soviet support staff of 200, morale has plummeted, unfinished business has piled up, officers are having their tours cut short, and normal strains have been exacerbated, the diplomats said.
''We enjoyed a huge growth during the 1960's, so that the number of clubs reached a peak of 14,101 by October 1970,'' Mr. O'Hara recalled.
Other soldiers said it was not uncommon to cut the ears off the corpses of rebels to verify enemy casualties to commanders.
The title does not lend itself to graceful translation.
But pricing is usually based on trading in the stock's home market.
Last year 38 American companies stopped doing business there; in 1984 the number was 6.
Lawyers for the State Commission said the evidence uncovered in the inquiry could lead to Federal criminal charges of mail fraud and state charges of malfeasance in office, destruction of public records and perjury.
''When Zoot Sims, before he died last fall, heard that we were planning a jazz college,'' Mr. Lawrence recalled, ''he said, 'I hope they're going to include a course on Scuffling.'
Tagerts, 932 2d Ave. (50th St.).
About 25 hearts were obtained in New York last year, while about a thousand New Yorkers needed transplants and many died waiting, according to Dr. Eric Rose, the director of Columbia Presbyterian's heart transplant program, which has performed 38 transplants so far this year.
But optimism is still the trust's watchword.
MARTHA O. AVERY San Francisco
Organizers of the flight had hoped the plane would be able to cruise using only its rear engine.
The big event each year is an embassy visit in which the children entertain their hosts with skits, poems and folk dances relating to their adopted country.
Innovations Are Cited ''We tell our people that success in investment banking is just not dependent on realizing greater liberation of Glass-Steagall,'' said George Vojta, an executive vice president for investment banking at the Bankers Trust Company.
Also, a team that traded veterans like Bill Madlock and John Candelaria even before last season ended.
I hope the key words are ''live and work near each other'' and not ''Manhattan.''
Strengthening exercises need be done only two or three times a week to increase muscle strength by 40 to 75 percent over several months.
The Mayor says this would disarm the city, while the suburbs retain minimal gun control.
(Looking down at the clouds from his window seat, Mr. Rau disclosed with a grin that one condition for marrying his wife, who is now 30, was that she abandon parachute-jumping.)
In a dry year, there are more adults.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Otis R. Bowen, has proposed a Medicare catastrophic illness insurance policy for all senior citizens that would at least provide insurance against bankruptcy.
Military sources said ships and carrier-based jets were ready to resume exercises.
One can hardly escape the impression that this represents a deliberate effort by certain commercial interests to head off the progress of the 8-millimeter format before it reaches universality.
''I offered first-round money in 1985, but they want first-round money in 1984,'' Young said.
BASKETBALL PHILADELPHIA (NBA) - Placed Jeff Ruland, center, on the injured list.
Which would cost more to fix after a collision: a Chrysler Laser or a Mazda 626?
A Treasury official told a group of tax accountants that most provisions of any tax-revision legislation enacted by Congress would take effect no earlier than Jan. 1, 1987.
Here is a movie in which actors impersonating characters are blended into the decor so completely that they take on the properties of animated products, no more or less important than exquisitely photographed strawberries.
'No Recollection' Justice Hornblass, who was Commissioner of the Addiction Services Agency when Mr. Lindenauer first went to work for him, said he did not recall if Mr. Manes helped Mr. Lindenauer get the job.
Several incidents are cited by Captain Park to support his statement that the airline punished pilots who committed errors.
He may carve it, stuff its niches with fabric, pebbles or stone heads, turn it into a kind of collage, or transform it into a Surrealist object.
One is a plan to use an extinct British volcano that might, in case of nuclear blast, release hot air into balloons carrying laser equipment that could neutralize radiation.
Whatever the reasons, a similar growth has occurred in the number of wiretaps and electronic bugs that allow law-enforcement agencies to eavesdrop on the conversations of suspects and anyone they talk to.
The witness, Luigi Ronsisvalle, recalled the murders in response to defense questions in the Manhattan trial of 22 men charged with operating a Mafia ring that used pizzerias as fronts for drug dealing.
Once Sparrow confronts Van Muellin, who is played with a fiendish edge by George Holmes, the drama becomes an anguished moral dialogue with a revolutionary agenda.
What is impressive is the degree of outrage his own definition of the problem has aroused, even among his friends.
Data released after last Friday's close indicated that only sparse amounts of bellies had been put into storage in April, Mr. Levitt said.
Cost of Doing Business Mr. Capalino suggested, as has the Mayor, that the turmoil may prove beneficial in the end, serving to improve the way government works.
Each stopped to give her a hug.
Donnie Moore worked two innings for his 12th save.
Information: (201) 648-2930 or (201) 648-3261.
And I would listen to records - 'Porgy and Bess,' and some Chopin record my mother had and the soundtrack of [ Zeffirelli's ] 'Romeo and Juliet.'
Mr. Volcker would not say whether the Fed was intervening, too.
The United States may ask Japan to voluntarily restrict its sales of machine tools in this country or face import restraints on national security grounds, Reagan Administration officials said today.
Particularly crucial was the role of the church, which forbade the marriage of close relatives and established the rule of lifetime monogamy.
What's new are the reconstructed transportation locks on the Pawtucket and Northern canals in the middle of Lowell.
Her loutish assistant, Big Anthony, has that distinction.
The Devils will not overpower the opposition, but they have gained physical strength and more mobility.
''Its evolution into one of the most respected and successful weeklies in the country reflects the changing values of the last two decades,'' according to a background letter; the agency also points out that the newspaper grosses $10 million a year.
But life sours as the resentful Mrs. Arnold turns to alcohol and Josh tries to keep his home together.
The industry is also discussing putting an electronic code in uplinks so that an unauthorized signal could be identified.
$70,000 1 Willow Walk *2*3-bedroom, 1-bath, 50-year-old ranch; eat-in kitchen, *2*enclosed porch; taxes $980.
The broadcast concern held a board meeting yesterday, which was preceded by ample speculation about possible internal changes.
''You've got to be careful that it still looks dramatic, but doesn't spoil the sound.''
A total of 20,000 copies, at $6.95 each, have been bought.
From its first line, about Hiroshima and total defeat, to its last chapter of patronizing advice to the struggling, deficit-ridden United States, his book is about Japan's climb back to pride.
The bride, who will retain her name professionally, graduated cum laude from New England College.
Tass said that several countries and organizations had expressed sympathy after the accident at the Chernobyl atomic power station in the Ukraine and had offered aid, and that the Soviet Government was grateful.
The Merrill Lynch analyst stressed, however, that all of his earnings estimates for aluminum companies next year ''assume an average price increase of 5 cents a pound for 1987.''
She hired some of the best writers and directors in Hollywood.
The Europeans led, 6-5, but Annacone and Van Rensburg came back to win.
A parody of an Indiana Jones adventure, it can be translated, in an invention made of metal, wood or plastic, into ''taking a peanut to the teacher's desk'' .
Cities are heavily polluted with electrical ''noise'' of this sort; and tall buildings, whose steel frames act as a conduit for electrical disturbances, teem especially with such impediments to clear radio reception.
But the appeal of this tower on the skyline is largely irrelevant to the other issues it raises.
Dartmouth, which has won only four Ivy League games in the last two seasons, came within 7 points of a tie late in the third quarter and made one brief threat in the fourth.
They are expected to stay on campus for lunch.
What were the charges in the indictment as to what you actually did?''
AT THE CENTER OF THE debate in Choteau is the E.S.A.
On the plus side, ''Brazil'' offers a painless introduction to a country and people whose development has a sweep and drama similar to our own but which still remain unfamiliar to most North Americans.
Add the cream and cook over high heat until it begins to thicken, about two minutes.
Featured are Eddie Kendrick and David Ruffin, the former lead singers of the Temptations, known for such hits as ''My Girl'' and ''The Way You Do the Things You Do''; also on the bill are Tommy James and the Shondells.
On the other had, many insiders argue that Mr. Reagan should also be blamed for the confusion on the ground that he has never given his security council advisers the necessary power to arbitrate among Administration giants such as Mr. Shultz, Mr. Weinberger, and Mr. Regan.
Part of being a watchdog, Mr. Goldman said, extended to the seats.
Seeking to rein in the economy's rampant inflation and deficit spending that last year approached 10 percent of the gross domestic product, the Government has adopted an extremely tight monetary policy.
Kitchen range, rocking chair, pickling crock, mattress, chain saw.
There are games, too - such as o'o ihe, or spear throwing, ulu maika, or lawn bowling, and moa pahe'e, dart sliding, all old Hawaiian tests of skill.
The Kuwaiti delegation argued that Kuwait took the largest proportionate production cut when OPEC reached its current pact in August, agreeing to drop its output to 900,000 from a high of 1.6 million barrels a day in July.
But by August, Frank had saved the last $204 and finally Wednesday, they finished, the biggest thing they had ever built, 40 feet long, 12 feet wide and 8 feet high.
Wisconsin (11-15, 3-13) was led by Rick Olson with 18 points.
(The catalogue costs $32.50 in paperback.)
Mrs. Eisenhower writes that her mother ''may have grown to dislike politics'' as early as 1959.
For the last few years, from 15 to 20 undergraduates from various schools have enrolled for an eight-week, one-credit course including excavation and study programs.
That is one of the problems; they are calling rights things which we do not all agree on'' (June 19).
Iran said today that it had begun a new offensive against Iraq, capturing heights and villages overlooking a key northeastern Iraqi city.
''We can help one another with advice and I can help Diane when she needs to use my computer.''
Full sleeves, jabots and gentle side draping added softness.
She was appointed director of the Design Arts Program of the National Endowment for the Arts two years ago and had worked in architecture and preservation for years before that.
Mr. Harish has denied this.
At the University of Pennsylvania, which has a rate of 38.10 percent, the 1986 cut would mean a loss of $7,865,000, and the 1987 cut, $12,706,200.
It will no doubt be clouded soon by the next ''authoritative'' study.
We have an image we want to protect.''
Can it overcome chronic ethnic strife, develop its agricultural economy and become a stable, independent state?
I can go away for short periods of time, and their world does not collapse.
But then Careca took advantage of two errors by the Algerian defense in the 67th minute.
The oddity lay not just in the geographical and temperamental distance between Norway and Spain, but in the striking success of Mr. Hoff's transcription.
Public Service of New Mexico (First PV Funding Corp.) is offering lease obligation bonds, BBB-/A-3/BBB; about $29 million of bonds due in 1991, about $54 million of bonds due in 1996 and about $267 million of bonds due in 2015.
''It wears jewelry,'' says Mr. Castle.
Mr. Rogers now confesses that the temporary closing of East Executive Avenue was partly a test ''to see what the impact was going to be.''
The dead included a founder of the rebel movement that successfully fought Portuguese colonial rule.
Japanese have also shunned the traditional squat toilets.
It recommended a variety of measures to stimulate domestic demand, including income-tax cuts, increased public-works spending and tax changes to discourage Japanese from saving as much as they do now.
The Padres scored 26 runs in the 10 games, the Dodgers 27.
Reunion Moved to Larger Site The reunion originally was to be held at a state forest in northern Connecticut, but the overwhelming response from corps alumni - about five times as many acceptances as expected -prompted the state to move the site to the larger pavilion at Rocky Neck, Ms. Adams said.
''The pollination achieved by the bees is far greater than we would have with just wild bees: The population is more concentrated.''
The recent history of world trade shows that cartel mentality is losing its hold and giving way to the free spirit of reckless competition.
Instead, they threw the field wide open.
For animal lovers, there is an enclosed area containing rabbits, a horse, chickens, wild turkeys and a herd of deer.
But when the inevitable budgetary pressures come to bear, they say, they will urge that MX be protected while Midgetman is sacrificed.
Citing sexual behavior that the state penal law ''forbids,'' he wrote that ''since Peter Vogel could have been credibly remembered for the affirmative aspects of his life, it scarcely advances his chances for public appreciation to recite initiatives prohibited by penal law.''
He brags about baiting the police, running stop signs, bumping, cursing and yelling.
The Nets led by as many as 9 points with 8 minutes 50 seconds remaining in the third quarter and by 80-79 at the end of the third period.
If caring about Mr. Brown's everyman is at the heart of ''F/X,'' all the periphery is special effects - from explosive charges wired to electronic detonators embedded in the walls of a set to a tidal wave of lobster tanks that fills the screen using barely 200 gallons of water.
One would water down the exclusionary rule by which courts throw out illegally obtained evidence.
And now he's going back there.
Steven Berger, executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, a key sponsor of the project, said it responded well to ''the internationalization of the forces of production.''
Mr. Speakes's pre-eminence as an Administration spokesman has been established for some time now, and his role as the Administration's leading public voice has been further cemeted by the resignation Wednesday of Bernard Kalb as spokesman for the State Department.
A ''yes'' vote is in favor of the aid package.
And to finish off a dinner of heart-warming simplicity, try the one dessert that makes French men and women everywhere feel like kids again - oeufs a la neige, the frothy snow eggs with their mouth-watering creme anglaise.
David Corvo, currently executive editor of the ''CBS Morning News,'' would continue to produce the show during this phase of Miss Winston's duties.
But he never had a quiet moment to do it, because Delphi was mobbed with guides.
CUOMO: I think Denis's position is a good one.
I want them to get to know me and me them.''
The changes will include work on the facade that will make the site - which looks like ''downtown Dresden after the bombing,'' he said - once again attractive.
''Many of these guys have cash flow problems,'' he said, as a way of explaining why the expediting of payments was so important to them.
He played the tour for a while - once winning a match at the Open in the late 60's - but his temper didn't help him.
''To say I pushed Muir on him is wrong,'' Mr. DeFrancisco said.
The actual burial site is 2,150 feet below ground in the center of an enormous salt bed.
I had to be better than he was, better than any male in the world.
Christine's Restaurant, 438 2d Ave. (25th St.).
The convicted gunmen, Jose Dimas Valle Acevedo and Santiago Gomez Gonzalez, both enlisted men in the National Guard, gave detailed accounts in which they said that two army officers, Lieut.
The San Diego development corporation has been involved in loans worth $100 million.
He has a sharp eye for people and their lairs and the wit to describe both.
But Mr. Meese's efforts do provide a convenient smokescreen for the utter failure of the Administration to come up with creative and thoughtful programs to deal with crime.
All had either been strangled or asphyxiated in their apartments, where lights were on and loud music was coming from a radio.
Boxing has been beneficial to me and my family.''
''Because now, when we read Jane Austen, we know how people behaved at teatime, and that they ate crumpets, and that a lot of women were concerned with getting married, because they had no other choice.
The Jerusalem Post last week quoted the general manager of the Israel Weapons Development Authority as saying that an improved cluster bomb known as the Tal-2 might be sold to the United States.
Abandoning 'Fantasies' But The Manila Chronicle said the Philippines should abandon such ''fantasies'' of rescue by the United States.
It's ironical that that element is the language of the colonial masters.
Ronee works at a community center, but her attention has been divided by an avid female lover.
Finally in 1973, the Florida Legislature passed a law requesting the cape's old name back and, with the Kennedy family's consent, the board relented.
It also suggests questions that might be discussed: Does anyone know a Jew?
That purpose, he added, was to show history's changing attitudes toward the falls through American landscape painting.
Meanwhile, a contextual rezoning encompassing the Park Circle site and adjacent property on Ocean Terrace was moving through the Uniform Land Use Review Process.
That, in turn, is by necessity drawing government at all levels into the business of regulating the chemical industry (until recently considered ''safe'' and allowed to set its own safety standards).
The prospect of interest rate cuts and the ability to break through a technical barrier at about 1,550 were factors cited for the strong performance.
The Soviet Union has long wanted to be a participant in a peace conference involving Israel, the United States, the Arab countries and the Palestine Liberation Organization.
The other curiosity is ''Under Your Spell,'' a ballad written by Mr. Dylan with the lyricist Carole Bayer Sager - a mixture of apocalyptic images and banalities.
For example, had the illegal pass been intercepted by Team B on the 30, both penalties could have been declined and the play would stand, giving Team B possession and almost certain victory.
A18 Wiesel accepts Nobel Prize A1 Victory and sorrow in Paris A3 Cat and mouse in Atlantic A4 Marchenko died of heart failure A5 Hails and taunts for Kinnock A14 Democrats press '79 arms limits A15 NATIONAL A24-32, B16-19 Closed primaries are in doubt.
''Yes, that one I really like to tell.''
Soviet sources said the Libyan missiles would not have misfired and missed the U.S. planes if their own people had been operating them.
He told Secretary of State George P. Shultz that unless the White House and Congress reached an overall budget compromise the House was unlikely to approve no more than a minimal level of aid this year.
The company said after preferred dividends, there weren't any share earnings in the latest 6 months.
That first British invasion of American pop music has had many consequences, the most tenacious of which has been that curious subgroup within rock fandom, the Anglophiles.
Section 236 of the Real Property Law prohibits discrimination against children in dwelling houses and makes each offense a misdemeanor.
One of the latest variations on the zero-coupon theme is Merrill Lynch's new LYONs (for liquid yield options notes) that are convertible into shares of the issuing company's stock.
There has never been an arrest or indictment of an authority employee in connection with a bribe being taken or solicited in exchange for providing an apartment, according to the authority's Inspector General, Jesse Mercado.
Mr. Benning's new film, ''Landscape Suicide,'' will be shown on Oct. 28.
The arrival of sound sent him from Hollywood to Berlin.
By 1981, drug trafficking through our southeast coastline caused so much violence and corruption it threatened to turn all of south Florida into a latter-day Wild West.
Although it is easy to find people who regularly pay bribes to get business done with the Government, it is equally possible to find people who say they never pay bribes.
It's easy to be popular in politics.
Stemming these losses is a more attainable solution for the needy than building low-cost new housing.
Last month he startled Wall Street by telling the USX Corporation, America's largest steelmaker as well as a major oil and gas company, that he intended to buy up to 15 percent of its stock.
He says they contend he's a Republican ''mercenary.''
Today Customs officials said they would not comment on the letter, which has not been made public.
The remedial dosage selected instead was ''The Journey of Natty Gann.''
The article said the instruments were sold at auction in the United States.
The state said it would seek triple damages from Minolta for any economic injuries sustained by Maryland residents.
In the interim, supporters of the program are bracing for a more hostile political climate.
The ''Conspiracy of Hope'' tour was not just a fund-raising event.
Hours: 11 A.M. to 9 P.M. tomorrow and Saturday; 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. Sunday.
At NYCE, a spokesman said no agreement with Honor was imminent.
Share prices on the Saudi and Kuwaiti stock markets dropped about 40 percent.
New Editor Hired ''Almanac'' was scheduled to go weekly in March, but just two weeks before it was to join the schedule, Gordon Manning, the NBC News executive assigned to supervise the program, decided that it was still not ready for broadcast.
But the Dow was well short of the record 1,713.99 close on Feb. 27.
Mr. Kawamata insisted on calling the car the ''Fair Lady.''
The Economy The Consumer Price Index rose 0.3 percent in November, continuing the mild pickup in inflation that has accompanied firmer oil prices, the Labor Department reported.
For, in the United States at least, the guitar was something of an anomaly.
State Senator's Role According to Mr. Kotteley, Senator Mitchell, although not a lawyer, was present at the only meeting between Wedtech officials and the law firm.
The competition is particularly fierce now, with a variety of new weapons, like a new Stealth bomber, a new mobile Midgetman missile and others, about to blossom into the costly stages of full-scale development and production, and the fiscal soil not as rich as it used to be.
The Convention Center Corporation and the Urban Development Corporation were asked for numerous records of prior efforts to build a convention center, as well as for records of political contributions made by private companies doing business with the convention center.
The loss hurt the playoff hopes of the Raiders, who fell to 8-5.
Mr. Miller, head of Metro's joint development office, estimates that the financially struggling subway system - it requires a government subsidy of more that $250 million a year - currently realizes proceeds from land leases of no more than $3.5 million a year, with tentative prospects of $12 million a year in the 1990's.
''Penn is the class of the league,'' said McElreavy, a former Quaker assistant.
''We haven't had any surprises and we don't expect any,'' said Frank P. Crimi, the project manager for the General Electric Company, the prime contractor.
That trip is seen as a search for economic assistance and a demonstration to her opponents here of the strong support she enjoys from the nation's prime ally.
Murjani promptly shelved the ice-cream parlor idea (a facade remains in the Murjani offices, ''a reminder of a mistake we almost made,'' said Mr. Hosp) and opened 1,400 chrome and white-tile boutiques in department stores nationwide.
b-After capital gains of $11,429,000 for the quarter and $36,195,000 for the 9 months.
But the Japanese have shown that they are not afraid to compete on price if that is what is necessary to hold their market share.
''I threw it all away,'' Franks said.
''Traces'' is a full-evening performance - part of the Riverside Dance Festival - of a show that the company created with several grants from the National Endowment for the Arts.
Mark Jackson led the nation in assists last season, and for the first two games this season, the senior guard concentrated on his playmaking again.
It reported that its quarterly loss shrunk to 89 cents a share from last year's $1.34.
And it would seem that Mr. Kotz, in the typical Socialist manner, would like to see this market inequity corrected.
King Hussein had sought the reconciliation to help ease pressure on Iraq in its six-year-old war with Iran and to foster Arab unity by making a long-delayed Arab summit meeting possible.
KAN, Yuet Wai, professor, departments of medicine, laboratory medicine and biochemistry and biophysics, University of California, San Francisco.
''They can cover the sky and the sun,'' Mr. Abebe said.
Dennis Conner's Stars & Stripes also has four triumphs after defeating White Crusader of Britain by 1 minute 16 seconds.
In Stratford, volunteers are scarce at dinnertime or early in the morning, when parents want to get their youngsters off to school, he said.
''As for Secretary Bennett, I would not waste a sneer on him if his willingness to be called 'Bill' did not betray our entire benighted age's contempt for dignity.
So far, much of the investigation into the launching decision has centered on a second-tier official, Lawrence B. Mulloy, the head of the solid-fuel booster rocket project at Marshall.
Other ski areas in the Sierra Nevada, including Alpine Meadows right next door to Squaw Valley, competed for its business, as did the resorts in the Rockies.
Mogambo was the 1-to-2 favorite in the Juvenile and was beaten only 2 1/4 lengths after a bad start that cost him perhaps as much as five lengths.
Tonight at 11, Home Box Office is offering a Telepix Canada Corporation Production of ''Act of Vengeance.''
The argument arose when Kackenknocker Limousine Rentals of New York rented a lim-a-thon to Lazarus, the incredibly popular Greek rock group.
Then, in 1983, the city and university worked out an agreement for an $11.6 million expansion of the municipal Selland Arena from 6,500 seats to more than 10,000.
I don't know these people.
Under the Senate plan, their rate would rise to 27 percent, an increase of almost 105 percent.
In the process, the spaces lose their ideal quality and become not only inspirational - a hymn to industry and movement - but also forces of oppression and violence.
''All our winter overcoats are stored away,'' he said, ''but I think we can get some out for you if you'll wait.''
Final arguments are to begin Monday in the murder trial of Stephen M. Bingham, a Connecticut-born son of privilege and wealth who is accused of touching off a bloody spasm of violence at San Quentin Prison 15 years ago.
Even the editor of the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine agrees that this conflict of interest needs to be resolved before it erodes the professionalism of medicine.
For example, the Thor Dahl announcement in September came shortly after a report by the bureau documented several oil runs by the Norwegian company's ships to South Africa.
Let's start with the Patriots, an 11-5 outfit during the regular season who made the playoffs as a wild-card team and beat the Jets in New Jersey (26-14), the Raiders in Los Angeles (27-20), and the Dolphins in Miami (31-14), where the Patriots hadn't won in 18 years.
Well, maybe just a little.
''This is a crucial moment in NASA's human history, one that could turn tragedy into a new sense of common purpose and practical advantage, if handled right,'' he added.
On the night in Germany that he saw the movie ''Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison,'' he wrote ''Folsom Prison Blues,'' which became his signature piece.
In the September issue of Psychology Today, Alfie Kohn, author of the book, ''No Contest: The Case Against Competition,'' wrote: ''Despite our cherished belief in the virtues of competition, study after study shows that nothing succeeds like cooperation.''
Brand became qualified to pilot seaplanes, gliders, helicopters, balloons and jets.
Shock Waves Are Channeled Shock-wave devices, despite their shortcomings, have achieved pressures far beyond the range possible in diamond cells.
In the same play, Hamlet uses a pun with a similar image in complaining that God prohibits suicide: ''Or that the Everlasting had not fix'd/ His canon 'gainst self-slaughter!''
Is it raining in Rome?
Sales were up 7.8 percent at the J. C. Penney Company, No.
That game told something to people who doubted me.
In the category Best Adaptation to a New Computer Format: One-on-One, a basketball game that matches Larry Bird against Julius Erving.
The judge refused a motion by Mr. Levine's attorney to strike as hearsay an affidavit made by a lawyer for the S.E.C.
Stock prices rallied yesterday on a new wave of takeover and restructuring news, allowing Wall Street to recover some of the losses from the previous session.
Then for an hour or more a deep silence, broken by laughs.
When the Trade and Industry Secretary resigned in the middle of a political furor recently, a television interviewer asked a member of the House of Commons what sort of person should be chosen as a replacement.
The rest of the book gives plans and instructions for building these and other pieces, a total of 31 in all.
''Burgundy style'' is not easy to articulate, but anyone who has been drinking wine for a few years comes to recognize it immediately - or at least they used to, back when ordinary mortals could afford Burgundy.
To the Editor: Your news story on a new openness in Africa to research on acquired immune deficiency syndrome (front page, Nov. 17) reports that ''Experts have not yet been able to explain the strikingly different epidemiological patterns of the disease in Africa'' -or why in Africa women are affected by AIDS as much as men, while elsewhere mostly men are afflicted.
If fresh persimmons are out of season, this sweet may be made with the canned version that, like samp, is available by mail order.
The most popular crossing time is at Border Patrol shift changes.
You have no time off to spend what you earn.''
At the same time, Mr. Reagan announced that he would send Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d to Europe later this month to discuss ways to combat terrorism in view of the recent attacks at a discotheque in West Berlin, aboard a Trans World Airlines jet over Greece and elsewhere.
Yonkers, 8 P.M. TENNIS: A.T.&.T Challenge, at Atlanta.
Commenting on White's place in American literature, Mr. De Vries concluded: ''He lived a long and full life, full enough, certainly, to include his own share of that human staple, simple melancholy.
''There's a limit to what people are willing to hear.''
Certainly, nothing comparable could be achieved at the 890-seat Lyttelton, with its proscenium stage the most conventional of the three theaters.
The New York Job Development Authority announced plans yesterday to supplement its regular sales of tax-exempt bonds with offerings of up to $50 million of commercial paper in the taxable securities market.
''I've been a clown ever since I can remember,'' said Mr. Weiss, 24 years old, who wears a pink wig in the show and thick paint that exaggerates his features.
''Three weeks ago,'' he said, ''I was shoveling feed eight hours a day to a vacuum hose.
The wealthy Reichmann family is widely considered here to be the most likely buyer of the Cadillac Fairview Corporation, a move that would create an enormously powerful force in North American real estate.
But sacrilege is again feared in Delphi.
While Admiral Poindexter refuses to meet with reporters and apparently views his role as a low-profile insider, Mr. McFarlane had served as a source of information to friends in the White House press corps and had assumed an increasingly visible role in foreign policy.
Here in New York, the Museum of Broadcasting is saluting the BBC's contribution to television in a diverse retrospective that began yesterday and will continue until Jan. 31.
An exceptional treat is in store, elsewhere, for those who prized the art of Georges Seurat even before it was brought to widespread notice as the subject of Stephen Sondheim's musical ''Sunday in the Park with George.''
If such events can be, however, the mayoral awards ceremony was nonpolitical.
Its survival may depend upon a decision to banish the large oil tankers, thus allowing the lagoon to resume its previous level.
Paul had also told Tom that he wouldn't start getting sober unless he went to Alcoholics Anonymous voluntarily and that he wouldn't stay sober very long unless he got a sponsor: Someone who knew how it worked, would show him the way, wouldn't mind 3 A.M. phone calls when there was trouble.
''I always pay the whole bill at one time, and if they went over my record, they'd see it was always paid, but still they add on those rotten little charges.''
''We have thought about it, but what can we do about it?''
The magazine, a highly respected industry weekly, said space agency investigators believed that white-hot flames from a leak in the booster, or stresses from the abnormal plume of fire, severed the struts that attached the lower part of the booster to the external fuel tank.
Mr. Abdnor's commercial highlights his sponsorship of unsuccessful legislation that would have transferred $168 million from foreign aid to law-enforcement efforts against drug smuggling.
Fewer Problems With Women Many men who are officers say women miss fewer days on duty, even with menstruation or pregnancy, are less often absent without leave and get into less trouble with drinking or drugs.
After an ordinary meal, for example, blood concentrations of some important chemicals can rise sharply.
Ed Hearn, the backup catcher who has been at bat just 39 times this year, singled and scored a run.
And Yelena Grigoryevna, although she has gotten no worse, is generally a very sick person.
SAN DIEGO (AFC) - Activated Derrie Nelson, linebacker, from injured reserve.
''This seal to me was very, very tender.''
It was widely expected that extensive lines of digital tape recording and playback equipment would be exhibited at audio fairs early this year and at a fair in Tokyo this month.
Under current conditions, a tax on consumption could only be disastrous.
The jury has not yet heard any mention of the murders.
In the Carter Administration, he says, research was directed toward furthering the concept of equity in education, with an ideological test applied that alleged or assumed discrimination or unequal student participation or results, while in the first Reagan term it was aimed at promoting freedom and excellence.
In theory, in 19 cases out of 20, the results from such a poll should differ by no more than 4 percentage points in either direction from what would have been obtained by interviewing all voters in the United States.
has introduced the Jr., portable and convertible models, but for all its past victories in the personal computing arena, Attila from Armonk hasn't won any battles lately.
All of you are going to be future leaders of industry and you can either get caught up in getting to the top, or you can make a decision now that you're going to fight for both career and family.''
While on the inside, Mr. Deaver also massaged the Canadian Government.
Indifferent to everything but the promptings of instinct, she would take a flyer on literally anyone in whom she believed.
''Big offices make more sense for managers,'' said Julie H. Prager, who, as executive director of corporate technical planning and coordinating at 3M, administers many of the dual ladder promotions.
What you do is straddle it.
Neither author knows what it was like growing up in Central Europe in the 1930's, when Kurt Waldheim was growing up.
b-Includes gains of $184,000, or 6 cents a share, from a cash distribution from building a partnership for the quarter and 9 months.
National also said it would acquire the Enron Corporation's chemical unit for $575 million plus the assumption of $34 million of debt.
Among Western restaurants, Neil's Tavern on Soi Ruam Rudee, off Ploenchit Road (251-5644) can be counted on for first-class steak and other meat.
''It would be our preference to remain an independent, Fort Worth-based organization,'' he said.
(Also Aug. 30 at 4:30 P.M.) Aug. 24 At 2 P.M. ''Calacan'' (Mexico), directed by Luis Kelly; film about the Mexican celebration of the ''Day of the Dead'' in a pueblo of Calacan.
Diamond Shamrock said it would review the offer when it received it formally in writing.
All are fiercely competitive, both as reporters and as anchormen.
For instance, Norma Paulus, a Republican who served two terms as Oregon's Secretary of State and is running for Governor, was in New York last week for a series of fundraisers that included business executives as well as members of women's groups.
President Reagan met today with Yuri F. Orlov, the freed Soviet dissident, and said later that a substantive improvement in Soviet human rights was crucial for a summit meeting with Mikhail S. Gorbachev in the United States.
THEY had spent two weeks making the model rockets.
It is now the peak of the tomato season.
During the winter, he said, the Russians usually keep most of their crude oil for themselves because they need so much heating oil.
The moves may help answer appeals by the U.S. and other major trading partners for actions by Japan to encourage domestic spending.
A spokesman for the Israeli Embassy here, Yossi Gal, said he would not respond to Mr. Webster's comments.
There has also been testimony that the warnings were not brought to the attention of the officials who decided to launch the Challenger on Jan. 28, when it exploded shortly after liftoff, killing the seven astronauts aboard.
On balance, though, Father Schillebeeckx is probably correct.
To the contrary, argues Ralph A. Biedermann, president of Brunswick International and head of the new group, more jobs are created for everybody when American capital and technology is blended with the cheap raw materials and labor available in developing countries.
Some seek to find meaning in his experiences in Poland.
Fortunately, the British-born Irvine, who has lived in the United States for 28 years, has worldly knowledge to draw upon.
[ Page A1, Columns 4-6. ]
An Olle Alberius bowl 15 and a half inches high by 8 and a half inches wide in an edition of 475 signed pieces is $298.
DURING the prologue to Shakespeare's ''Taming of the Shrew,'' a company of itinerant players prepares to put on the play in a piazza in Padua.
Other garage owners say he is one the right track.
''I don't think it would go well,'' she said.
Tickets are $25, including a champagne toast and a buffet.
5, recently completed a building-by-building survey of the proposed 28-block district from the Avenue of the Americas to Broadway, from 15th to 24th Streets.
''Hawk called me in good faith and said he wanted to talk,'' Steinbrenner said.
''Rodino is a good man,'' Mr. Jackson said in an interview after the primary.
The pin placement, for example, will vary and a different pin placement can determine a lot of things.
He was 85 years old.
''She's wonderful at improvisation,'' the director said.
''I would hate to hazard what the final death toll might be,'' Mr Hill said.
''That's why he's not wholly comfortable with fierce public debates.
The tax revision bill would disallow the I.R.A.
Among the leaders were films with a patriotic theme.
Mr. Leggett, since 1970 the director of the Iowa Writers' Workshop, has always been fascinated by self-destroying geniuses, and in ''Making Believe'' he describes with just the dramatic economy we miss in ''Regrets Only'' the spectacular rise of a maverick priest in the American religious establishment.
On Aug. 14 and 15, 5,438 tons of trash were collected.
Hull, in handcuffs, stared at the floor during the hearing.
The hope was to establish a new political region under a non-racial constitution capped with a bill of rights.
In Taiwan, the rates fell to replacement level this year and South Korea is about to be in the same position.
''So not only did I have to find someone with social integrity and good financial standing, I also had to find someone that fit their psychographics.''
Now the state wants you to take the only thing he has left - his freedom.''
The services were introduced on a trial basis in Harrisburg, Pa., by the Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania two years ago.
''They are for people who are not as independent anymore.
Middle Collegiate Church (Reformed Church in America), Second Avenue at Seventh Street.
In addition to sampling error, the practical difficulties of conducting any survey of public opinion may introduce other sources of error into the poll.
Dr. Harold Haskins, professor emeritus of zoology and oyster culture at Rutgers University, who has been researching the enigmatic parasite for nearly 30 years, said, ''It's an oyster disease, not a human disease.''
There are rumored to be at least six bidders.
Mr. Sinatra's mother, Dolly (to whom he was intensely loyal), was, Ms. Kelley alleges, an abortionist as well as a big mouth and a power in local New Jersey politics.
Rok Petrovic of Yugoslavia, checking his speed on an icy course that knocked out more than half of the field today, won his third World Cup slalom victory of the season.
Teen-age childbearing cost the nation $16.6 billion last year, and the 385,000 children who were the firstborn of adolescents in 1985 will receive $6 billion in welfare benefits during the next 20 years, said a study released this week.
Some of them want to be appointed to Federal positions in their state.
Every classroom teacher in the college is aware that classes are increasingly occupied by students whose skills simply do not prepare them for college-level work.
A late 17th-century Flemish work that probably was painted over a period of two decades depicts a gallery with eight allegorical paintings executed and signed by different artists.
1.Cook rice in water to cover for 20 to 30 minutes, until tender.
The Treasury bond yield fell to 8.05 percent.
But how about those who seek the autobiographical in an autobiography?
The book gets off to a bold beginning.
The institute was established in 1918 to assist immigrants and their families, and promote cross-cultural understanding within communities.
officials point to two other problems of deregulation: the number of new airline officials who may not know or care as much about maintenance procedures as do older heads in the industry, and the growing number of companies doing the airline maintenance work on contract, adding to the F.A.A.
Answer:Contiki Holidays (1432 East Katella Avenue, Anaheim, Calif. 92805; 714-937-0611 or 800-626-0611) has been operating overseas tours aimed primarily at people aged 18 to 35 for 25 years.
There was also damage in a residential neighborhood in the capital.
Communist leaders challenged the Government today, bringing a company of armed guerrillas into this small town near an American naval base in a dramatic test of the provisions of a day-old cease-fire.
Lawyers for Mr. Goetz are to submit their brief next week.
As he envisions it, Jardines would control an international network of subsidiaries involved in insurance, securities, food, hotels and real estate.
Many pieces have a pleasant air of nostalgia, recalling such different eras and places as a gracious turn-of-the-century conservatory where one could sip a leisurely afternoon tea or a 1940's front porch on which springy metal chairs were assembled so that one could sit and watch the local street scene.
The American Conservative Trust spent $25,000 on behalf of Senator Paula Hawkins, a Florida Republican, and $4,000 on behalf of Senator Jeremiah Denton, an Alabama Republican.
''Both are willing to scapegoat us, both are willing to cave in on these issues.''
As examples, such fees for any of seven Alaska projects are $50; for Maine and Wyoming, $100; for the Virgin Islands, $150, and for the Catskills or the Berskshires, the fee is $15.
On the whole, the Tony Awards, again directed by Chuck Jones, got through still another glossy commercial for Broadway business with a kind of stiff-upper-lip bravado that is becoming rather touching.
''It's on the ground floor of a glass skyscraper, across the street from a 7-Eleven and a bankrupt real-estate agency.''
Landmark Bancshares, $15 million convertible subordinated debentures due 1998, NR/B-1/NYR.
Or she would swim the 50-meter backstroke in 4 sets of 10 repeats in 34 seconds each, with 10 to 15 seconds of rest between repeats.
''You can't do today what they did with Yellowstone,'' said Mr. Turner, referring to the great Rocky Mountain national park.
Mr. Speakes made his comments as Mr. Reagan mentioned the Shultz-Shevardnadze meeting in a campaign speech here, saying that he would try to ''confirm'' agreements reached in Iceland with Mr. Gorbachev.. Mr. Reagan said he would ask Mr. Shultz to tell Mr. Shevardnadze that the arms control proposls offered by the United States in Reykjavik ''remain on the table'' and should be pursued at the Geneva arms talks.
Her characters - stubborn Boers, ineffectual liberals and importunate revolutionaries - live side by side, strangers, as she has written, ''among people who were strangers to each other.''
On Friday afternoons, when Government offices are closed, Soviet families go on weekend outings with Syrian military escorts.
''I want a second opinion!''
Mr. Wilford sets his chronicle against a clear, balanced explanation of what scientists today have learned about the dinosaurs.
Instead you say, we're going to score, we're going to score.''
''In any experimental treatment,'' said Dr. Yuki Nose, who is chairman of the department of artificial organs at the Cleveland Clinic, ''we have to go through a learning period.''
Conveying a bit of new information, Mr. Shcharansky said that the Soviet Union, with a population of nearly 280 million, had 13 million people under some form of confinement or restraint, including 10,000 to 20,000 political prisoners.
Soon the two television stations were showing pictures of crowds dancing and singing in the streets, wrecking Duvalier monuments and attacking members of the special police, the Tontons Macoute.
A typical opener, when put into his own words, runs like this: ''Is life serene?
Extensive reading in psychology and psychiatry convinced him that, in physical fitness, the mind is just as important as the body.
A series of earthquakes beneath the sea south of the Aleutian Islands today prompted warnings of tsunamis in Japan, Hawaii, and along the west coast of North America from Alaska to Mexico.
Links to Insider Trading At about the same time, insider trading deals that rocked Wall Street were traced through a Caribbean branch of Bank Leu, a venerable Zurich bank.
It seems amazing that a child whose immunity to chicken pox lasted 15 years, who was exposed to hundreds of sick classmates, succumbs to the illness only on the eve of a major trip.
Of the stocks hurt the most in the aftermath of the widening insider trading investigation, none sagged as much as those involved in takeover deals.
It isn't so much speed that kills, despite the slogan, it is the multispeeds that seem to kill.
''The prospect for sustaining growth and working toward lower interest rates in the United States and elsewhere rest in large part on whether there is a willingness to work together,'' Mr. Volcker said in an address dedicating a new building at Washington University in St. Louis.
Ismail agrees that there is nothing that induces homesickness more than the remembrance of the food of one's native land, and nothing that consoles more than the smells and flavors of the food of childhood and formative years.
24 YEARS OF GROWTH According to the Worldwide Marriage Encounter's own statistics, more than 1.5 million couples in America have completed one of its encounter weekends, a remarkable increase over the first 281 couples who did so in 1969.
Mr. Hindawi told her not to tell family or friends about their plans, she testified.
But when the company sent its letter with details of the offer to 40,000 employees on Tuesday, 27.4 percent of its worldwide staff and about 59 percent of the domestic staff, many were stunned at the magnitude of the cuts apparently being sought.
''But we obey no discipline, no rule, follow no principle of public morality, display no sense of social awareness, show no concern for the public weal.
Acknowledging that they made mistakes along the way, ''that things, sometimes, got out of hand,'' as Mr.
In a move involving 7-foot-1-inch centers, the Phoenix Suns have activated their first-round pick in last spring's draft, William Bedford, and placed James Edwards on the injured list for at least five games because of tendinitis in his left heel.
c-Net loss and the quarter includes an extraordinary charge of $91,300.
The second, which is said about the Karelians, is ''The Karelians are poor because they eat too well.''
More stability in the currency markets is a top priority of the Reagan Administration, Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d said.
What it amounts to is a sense that wheels must spin, whether or not there's a chance of going anywhere.
The foreign exchange markets were somewhat surprised when the dollar starting marching foreward, Mr. McGroarty said.
The Tony administration committee then reversed its initial ruling and allowed the dramas to be nominated as best plays, on the ground that neither revival had previously run on Broadway.
Officials at the T.V.A., a Government-owned public power and regional development corporation designed to advance economic growth in the Tennessee Valley, said Mr. Freeman told friends Thursday that his resignation was not for health reasons.
The career of a Canadian painter who goes abroad to become an art collector, forger and spy.
More than 500 residents voted ''overwhelmingly'' to begin the strike during a meeting in the island's chapel, according to their lawyer, Jack Lester.
These experts interpret this to mean that Mr. Gorbachev may be signaling a willingness to sidestep this issue in Iceland.
Hit him and get out of there.
LISTENING to the music of Peter Gordon, the ''downtown'' composer, saxophonist and clarinetist, one has the sense of a musician tromping merrily through a field of daisies.
''They were so well coordinated on Thursday,'' said Barrett, ''that we knew that was something that had to be taken away from them right off the bat.''
$29.95 It is not easy to stifle as engaging a musical personality as the vibraphonist Red Norvo, but this video cassette of a 1982 concert at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington goes a long way toward doing it.
Familiar Television Fare All about the nation, citizens paused to watch one more performance by him on television.
Archbishop Hunthausen, who will not be present, has been accused of tolerating liberal practices and is one of several church leaders reprimanded for stands not considered orthodox.
Why the decline in women's gymnastics hasn't been quite so severe is not certain, but it's been severe enough - from 179 schools in 1981-82 to a current total of 143.
James Farley is the musical director.
The Russians canceled a tour by the Bolshoi Ballet in 1970 following demonstrations in America on behalf of Soviet Jews.
How could the string of deaths have occurred without anyone crossing the line from suspicion to action?
America's belt-tightening would bring down interest rates, giving poor nations a chance to save on debt repayments and to invest more in their own development and export.
The airliner, Saudi Arabia said, overshot the runway by 800 yards and exploded and burned.
Playing the Quintet with the Lindsay String Quartet, Miss Hilton evokes a delicious dusky sound and, in all of this wonderful music, the kind of musical power that supersedes mere nervous energy.
The Central Committee needs support.
And he has set them down amid the dazzling New Mexico landscape, which itself becomes a major player in the film.
- Larry Speakes, the White House spokesman.
Let us bring our people together in prayer for the church in Seattle, so that what has happened may be an occasion of grace and of growth, there and in the Church universal.
; New York City, and Boston.
In 1977, the last year before deregulation, scheduled carriers employed 325,000 workers.
Shouldn't take more than three weeks to fix it.'
The difference between these views accounts for the widely varying predictions of the global total of cancer cases from Chernobyl's fallout.
A few times we have managed to produce green grass or thick grass but never thick, green grass.
''Attenborough is fascinated by visionary thinkers,'' said Thea Eichler, vice president of the assocation.
presented a clear message that further resistance would be a waste of time.
''It ties a customer's assets to the firm rather than to the broker.
The House language would have prevented the district from using its own money or Federal funds to pay for abortions for any other reason.
Produce Still Being Checked Vendors in the Bessarabian farmers market here still have their produce checked for radiation.
For the other 59 minutes, Smith had plenty to worry about.
They are dredged in cornmeal and deep-fried in peanut oil, which ''doesn't absorb into the fish like some other oils,'' Mr. McGehee's wife, Enid, says.
The roster limit is 24.
However, she said, Mr. Simpson, who had requested the meeting, was ''very pleased'' with it.
But the inconvenience was modest contrasted with the snarl Sunday when Delta Air Lines, a major operator in Atlanta, reported average flight delays there of more two hours and some of more than four hours.
He was released Friday in the custody of the United States Embassy pending a possible trial.
But Professor Stone has also written that Mr. Gilbert deserves a knighthood and a stipend from Parliament ''for devoting so much of his working life to this national monument.''
Some are awe-inspiring even if they are actually invisible.
Twistee Treat, which is starting up a franchsie operation, had a net loss of $1.8 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, on revenues of $1.9 million.
All the buildings on Queen Street and King Street, which leads off it, are evocative of King's Lynn's wealthy past, and the town trail leaflet dates and describes them all.
Behind that lies a more basic question: Even if it works technologically, would it be cost effective?
include Eastern Air Lines's acquisition by Texas Air, owner of New York Air; Northwest Airlines' takeover of Republic Airlines, and Trans World Airlines' acquisition of Ozark Airlines.
Meanwhile, QN, Breezy and the rest of the cast will perform on film at the Museum of Natural History, Central Park West at 79th Street, for an indefinite run, four times each weekday and five times on Saturdays and Sundays.
While contingency fees make the courts more accessible for poor and middle-income families, critics say the arrangement encourages litigation by making it painless for the plaintiff.
Ditchay and a local Bayan official were mapping out a schedule of future protests, and Bing, the holiday over, was resuming her full load of election work.
Infinitesimal Adventures When Nancy Mairs was crippled by multiple sclerosis, she refused to abandon her sense of adventure, scaling it down instead to what she could manage.
1727, or the Gifted Child Education Act, of which Assemblyman Joseph V. Doria, Democrat of the 31st District (part of Hudson County), is the sponsor, is currently before the Legislature.
Only a man with nothing to do all day long can become a habitual twice-a-day shaver.
Most occupants, however, appear to have fared well.
The Court's decision in the other religion case today was an anticlimactic denouement for a widely publicized issue.
The diode can also melt in the socket and cause an unwelcome fire.
We frequently talk about this at staff meetings, and these youngsters become candidates for special services, or extra ''TLC.''
Certainly, on the face of it, diplomats said, the shift of Ambassadors appears to be a Soviet endorsement for the Jaruzelski Government.
The Court says such intrusive laws have ''ancient roots.''
One superb rice dish not to be missed is called chicken Biryani, which melds nuggets of chicken, saffron rice, cashews and almonds.
But other European countries seem likely to be more cautious on Syria, which is seen as a key to European relations with the Arab world and to the possibility of peace in the Middle East.
'Great Opportunity for Success' Mr. Crotty explained that the reasons for taking the job - the challenge, the high visibility, the importance of the issue - were also reasons to consider not taking it.
Fridays, noon to 3 and 5:30 to 11:30 P.M.; Saturdays 5:30 to 11:30 P.M.; closed Sundays.
The Japan Fund, which has been around for years, recently was quoted at a 13.6 percent discount, while the Mexico Fund bore a 51.3 percent discount.
The 1987 budget deficit is estimated to exceed the ceiling set in the budget-balancing law by $30 billion, Sources said the Congressional Budget Office projects the deficit at $173 billion, [ A1. ]
His two most prominent critics in the party have been Keith Davey, who organized Mr. Trudeau's campaigns, and Marc Lalonde, who served in Trudeau cabinets.
Many of those taking part in the conference seemed enthusiastic and promptly donned the button designed for the new campaign: a white disk with a red sliver representing the 5 percent to be pledged.
The standoff, which followed reports that a stowaway aboard the Iranian ship was seeking asylum, ended when the ship was allowed to leave Genoa and the Italian travelers were released by Iran, the officials said.
Iraqi warplanes bombed two Iranian villages inside the southern Persian Gulf war front today, killing five civilians and wounding 28, Teheran radio reported.
The ibuprofen pain relievers - sold under the brand names Advil and Nuprin - have captured 9 percent of the $1.7 billion market.
Miss Day's work is included in collections in museums in the New York and Washington areas.
When Dr. Barton Nisonson, a team orthopedist, checked on him immediately after the collision and before X-rays were taken, he thought it might be a broken collarbone because the shoulder was so extremely displaced.
The work the company is doing at 240 Madison Avenue, a 15-story, 71,000-square-foot structure, is typical of the renovation Murray Hill Properties has done.
The body of Ann R. Beckman was found at about 11 A.M. by her niece, a police spokesman said.
Mr. Puente joined them for ''Oye Como Va'' - a Puente hit that became a late-1960's rock hit by Santana - and the set concluded with a jam session featuring many of the evening's conga and bongo drummers.
The body of the defendant, Gaetano Mazzara, who was accused of being a heroin supplier and member of the Sicilian Mafia, was found in a garbage bag on a Brooklyn street Tuesday morning, five days after his family had reported him missing.
Mr. Suharto was born on June 8, 1921, in the village of Kemusu-Argomulyo, near Jogjakarta, in central Java.
Media analysts have said the companies could bring up to $500 million.
Mulch helps to keep roots frozen.
He said Syria would ask the Security Council ''to put an end to this terrorist activity exercised by Israel.''
One corporation operates a trucking company that delivers gasoline and another owns a wholesale gasoline terminal in Long Island City.
The Pope declared that ''common brotherhood embraces every man and excludes any discrimination offensive to his native dignity as a child of God.''
Experts caution against placing flakes or crystals in contact with plastic containers or garment bags because some plastics are weakened by the chemicals.
The Federal bribery law prohibits the sale of public influence, and the state's should, too.
The city has since revised the figures upward.
Late last year, when the grand jury learned that the LaRouche groups kept file cards showing who had contributed money, the grand jury requested those.
Only the tax-deferral benefit would be available to these people.
It finished last year at 13,113.32.
Jan. 30 - ''Family Law.''
Air Force 23 Texas-El Paso 21 EL PASO (AP) - Mike Johnson made a 44-yard field goal with 1 second left for Air Force in the Western Athletic Conference game.
Her first novel, ''L'Invitee,'' published in France in 1943 and in the United States as ''She Came to Stay'' in 1954, concerned itself with a ''trio,'' with the triangular relationship among a man and a woman long attached and a second, younger woman.
That pine that leans across the balustrade, the fig tree in the grotto, the vine swags with their golden bunches trailing from the architrave, have turned Renaissance to Baroque.
Visitors are therefore advised to save it until after they have checked out show's print section, which is displayed in the ART/EX gallery.
In the final analysis, an exclusive focus on power as the determining element of national interests is too crude a measure to serve as a guide to policy-making.
''It's hard to explain to people that Canada is as French as it is,'' said Stewart Beatty, the director of policy in the Commission of Official Languages.
When Mr. Thompson arrived at the hospital by helicopter Thursday night, Dr. Bietz said the climber's body temperature was 71.6 degrees, ''and I gave him a 50-50 chance.''
A step-up in food and other humanitarian aid, with a special effort made to provide food for children, was also announced.
b-Including a net gain of $27 million in the quarter and the year from an adjustment reducing annual pension expense; and a non-recurring gain of $57 million in the year from Yellow Pages directories income.
That view accounts in large measure for the lack of visible support for the strike from the high ranks of labor, which have an unstated but iron rule that other unions must not involve themselves in what are decreed internal union matters.
Many doctors believe the decisions should remain agonizing and ad hoc.
Meanwhile, the case has focused attention on what psychologists say is rising anger and frustration among the residents of the Osage-Pine neighborhood, in western Philadelphia.
Those guarded souls, however, probably do not grow up to be concertgoers, a variety of human being that is able to bear innumerable disappointments without quite losing the edge of anticipation.
For one thing, much of the money is being spent on projects that are invisible to the public, like the $477 million contracted last year for water and sewer pipes.
And there would always be the problem of choosing a number to play.
Stuff the mixture into the bird cavities.
His literary writings on Mencken, Waugh and O'Hara - to name just a few - employ a limited critical vocabulary, but his affectionate recollections of the publisher Hamish Hamilton and the actor David Niven suggest a more private and appealing role on display here - that of devoted friend.
The sect's leaders, assembled in an annual conference at the 5,000-acre settlement perched in West Virginia's hills 70 miles southwest of Pittsburgh, made an attempt last fall to end the strife.
Another is Mazzuoli in the Campo.
Bergdorf Goodman - On-premises vaults at $45 for $500 garment, through Dec. 31; additional insurance available.
Clerks, wearing blue and white sweatshirts that read ''Sale,'' watched with folded arms from the rear of the store.
''They are people who don't want to become yuppies - gay people, marginal artists, people who refuse to be dependent on grants and on the art business.''
After scraping off the tunnels, apply preservative on the posts from the ground up.
Before the leveraged buyout in mid-1984, Mr. Hansbrough was senior vice president of the Dart Group.
In an amusing scene, he listens to the confession of Mary, who finds she has nothing to confess except for ''perhaps the odd fleeting desire,'' and he inquires smoothly, ''Why should the Immaculate Conception wish to pay me a visit?''
DNA viruses are those whose genetic code is made of DNA, deoxyribonucleic acid.
Although its New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol will change from SOH to SRD next Tuesday, the company said it would not yet alter the names under which its gasoline is marketed in various areas.
''How do you separate the two when you explain a decision?''
In an unusual move, apparently aimed at deterring suicide-bomb attempts, police vehicles blocked all cross streets along the route of the motorcade on Second and Third Avenues between 34th and 50th Streets.
But despite the eccentricity of Mr. Weiss's theatrical career, recognition has had a way of sneaking up on him.
''We've been looking for the retailer to come back into the market,'' said Charlie Richardson, an analyst in Denver with Lind-Waldock, after Tuesday's low levels.
Lingering among the stacks has become a thing of the past.
The shy, or maybe embarrassed, price tag has been complained about forever, and although it makes no sense most stores still insist on hiding the prices of the merchandise in their display cases.
Mr. Thorkilsen joined Ocean Spray in 1968 as a vice president of operations from Philip Morris, where he was president of American Safety Razor Products.
If I point for the Dwyer, I have to run against Meadowlake.
''They've thought this out very carefully.
The price stickers affixed to the lids by the stores often obscure the expiration date.
Cashen was in Kingsport, Tenn., at the time, and awakened by a phone call out of a sound sleep.
Now it asks: will it hold together after Reagan?
Mrs. Glaser wrote a letter of protest to the local newspaper.
Pork packers recognized the consumer's demand for convenience and introduced products like brown-and-serve sausage.
The cellist Paul Tobias, a Marboro Music Festival alumnus who has toured extensively in the United States and abroad, will be the guest soloist Sunday at the Count Basie Theater when, beginning at 3 P.M., the Monmouth Symphony Orchestra plays its final concert of the season.
''What is happening in Mahwah and other areas is a positive development for Suffern,'' said Mayor Leonard A. Scarr, a 45-year resident and owner of the Scarr Funeral Home on Washington Street.
5, reported a 5.6 percent gain.
The author further emphasizes that ''unlike deaths from some dread diseases, these [ menstrually related ] TSS deaths are preventable.
Ketchum Communications has won some $10 million in new billings from E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company following an agency review.
With the passage of Public Law 94-142, the Education for All Handicapped Act of 1975, a virtual bill of civil rights for the physically disabled, the retarded, the emotionally disturbed, the visually and hearing impaired, we should be delighted that our children ''love'' and embrace the different.
The USX shutdown has received little attention since its first days.
While Mr. Ward does his best to turn this disjointed detail into narrative flow, what results too often is history that is merely chronological rather than analytical.
Part of the reason for Waterbury's growth, Mr. Mirto said, is that a house costing $65,000 there might cost $95,000 nearer to Fairfield.
You can marvel over rooms full of gold-encrusted daggers, goblets and thrones and jewels beyond counting, including the blinding, 86-carat Spoon Maker's diamond.
Six weeks later, he was offered a position by WNEW in Manhattan.
The Senator accused Ambassador Harry Barnes of ''planting the American flag in the midst of Communist activity.''
Starting in March, the magazine will be published every two months and cost $3.50 an issue, or $18 a year.
His initial motives were strictly personal.
At the urging of the Iranians, Iraq, which pumps about 1.75 million barrels of oil a day, was excluded from the limits set here in in August.
Words like ''somersault'' and ''catapult'' pounded my brain as the cold waters poured over the front of the raft and into my lap.
The Voyager has two engines, one of which was shut down for much of the flight to conserve gasoline.
He did not learn the game until he was a 15-year-old youth growing up in his native Nigeria, yet today, eight years later, he is almost unanimously regarded as the league's best young center.
You may not be able to tell how your particular fixture has been hung when you first glance at it, but after removing the shades, canopies and other decorative pieces you will see either a large nut in the center that can be unscrewed (indicating that the fixture is hung with a threaded stud coming down from the receptacle box), or two screws through the base that are used to hold it up (indicating that the fixture is attached by means of a metal strap that goes across the receptacle box).
Gregory R. Duffee was best man for his brother.
The company said the results are audited.
United States officials said they already were acquainted with the council members and planned to help.
When discussing contracts with dancers, she politely but firmly refused to deal with agents - ever.
The suit, filed Thursday in Federal District Court in St. Paul, is the first against the Aetna Casualty and Surety Company in connection with the Dalkon Shield.
Jersey Housing Proposal For example, New Jersey officials have suggested involving welfare recipients in housing renovation.
Saturday there is a battle against Penn State.
to a competitive situation that instead cries out for an aggressive, benefits-oriented message,'' wrote Advertising Age, an industry publication.
Federal prosecutors have said the bribery scheme was initiated and directed by Mr. Manes.
Murjani outdid them all with a first for the Open - a clambake.
Chinese sailors stood at attention on deck while a United States Navy band aboard the guided-missile cruiser Reeves struck up ''Happy Days Are Here Again.''
For all his intellect, Michel Bras is also an emotional man.
Tuesday's first set included three tunes - an introspective, folk-flavored tune; a mid-tempo piece somewhere between hard-bop and free-bop, and a fast, playful, Ornette Coleman-style piece by Mr. Redman.
The Blue Jays settled into seventh April 29 and apparently have grown accustomed to the place.
The accord calls for production cuts of 7.6 percent in the first quarter of 1987 and 7.1 percent in the second quarter, and it assumes that Iraq's production will be somewhat less than it is now.
But Government officials deny the charge, saying martial law orders were all repealed.
Last year it introduced Cruise Match, a computerized data base of 62 ships, their schedules and fares and their available activities.
Replies for publication should be no more than 300 words and addressed to Sunday Sports Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y., 10036. Letters should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
LUCAS: No sir, that is not the reporting channel.
You go there, you don't have diplomatic immunity, you'll talk to Soviet citizens, you'll ask them questions.
At the end, they hoped he could identify areas where Israel and Arab nations were close and thus suggest possible avenues of compromise.
And it's so easy to fall into a bureacratic practice of saying, well, isn't this the easiest thing: Let's just tell them they have to have X number and that'll settle it.
McEnroe shouted and snarled at the young German, obviously trying to intimidate him.
Mr. Wiest does not advertise.
Unlike the United States Government, the United Nations is prohibited by its charter from borrowing money and depends on members to make their payments on time.
More telling, Mr. Bookbinder, of the University of Massachusetts, said, was that Jews could become generals in the Italian Army, something they could not do in the armies of other European countries.
* The runway extension is part of a noise-abatement study, and was prepared in accordance with all Federal, state and local environmental regulations.
He was disappointed to see this lose, and to add insult to injury, West scored a spade ruff for down two.
It is hard to argue that they ever represented a threat to the United States.
It was clear rather early that someone at the Metropolitan had made a serious miscalculation in planning this production.
They have not decided whether to appeal the board ruling.
The information number is 669-9400.
The conference games, which start with Oklahoma State on Oct. 11, are the ones that decide who would appear in the Orange Bowl.
But he learned to speak Korean.
''Crowds set out in pursuit of a reasonable objective but then turned violent,'' said Robert Darnton, a professor of French history at Princeton University, who is now teaching at Oxford.
It is not possible that Mexico alone absorb the full impact of the oil crisis.''
You even forget the rotten 8:30 starting time.
These things usually take time.''
And shortly after that, in two separate incidents, two residents of Old Bridge, N.J. reported receiving electrical jolts over the telephone during heavy thunderstorms, said James W. Carrigan, a spokesman for New Jersey Bell.
Just the way you wanted it to, a little better than anything in that same area ever worked before.
After ''Urban Cowboy,'' Miss Winger made the ''Cannery Row,'' a box-office failure, and then ''An Officer and a Gentleman,'' a box-office smash.
The two groups sued to break the will of Beryl H. Buck so that some of the money could be spent in poorer Bay area communities outside Marin County.
The invitation closes with this announcement: ''Transportation, for those who wish it, will be available at the end of the evening.''
Several million more Americans will have been delivered into that captivity by 2000.
''The Netherlands Opera was building a new multimillion-dollar theater in Amsterdam.
Also last year, the company completed the sale of assets of its telecommunications business and sold substantially all the assets of Mostek, a semiconductor subsidiary.
Michael Mandel, executive officer of the 34th Precinct.
While developing their alternatives, the Europeans have scheduled a number of ventures using the American shuttle.
For many, the result is virtually a wash: a married taxpayer with no dependents earning $42,000 would find his withholding tax is down $6 a week, while his Social Security is up $4, for a net gain of $2 - enough, at least, to cover the recent rise in transit fares.
Role of Moderator Mr. Weir succeeds William Wilson as moderator, the highest elected office in the church.
But they could also involve a more automatic process of interest rate capitalization, or even a return to voluntary lending, Mr. Lemgruber says.
From the start, big-name stars were avoided even for the romantic duo in order to create a true ensemble of actors, in which no one had to be catered to.
Cook about 10 minutes and pour the sauce and reserved vegetables into a casserole or deep skillet.
It was as editor of The Dial, a position she obtained largely through the support of Pound, who was early to praise her poetry and her prose, that she came into her own as an essayist.
It is almost impossible to overestimate the difficulties early pioneers encountered as they arrived in the late 1850's and early 1860's and attempted to domesticate the Virgin River basin.
''They carried their message peacefully, and they were heard across their country and across the world.
Pollution Deadline: '87 The city must cut back on automobile emissions if it is to meet Federal deadlines for reducing pollutants by the end of 1987.
Yet new entrants keep trying to wedge their way into the market.
All face prison terms of seven years and fines of $5,000, Mr. Abrams said.
In the fourth-quarter play Friday night, Kersey was bumped off balance and landed on Bowie, who had fallen to the floor.
Mr. Rabe's play depicts male bonding of the most mutually destructive kind.
I think that Giselda is a forerunner of Aida and Amelia.
And a third took me to task for referring to broccoletti di rape by its slang name, broccolirab.
''We traffic in a certain amount of bad taste,'' he says.
Now, their fans will have to transfer their distaste to the Mets.
Norman and Tway, who are dominating the American golf tour this year, are giving a new look to the game in which most of the great ones have been under 6 feet, perhaps because it is more difficult to control a longer swing than a shorter one.
The landlord was going to raise the rent to $1,000 a month, he says, and there was a court battle over that.
''But the Treasury will have to pay out $19 billion on semiannual coupons that investors will cash in on Nov. 17, when the refunding sales are settled,'' she said.
32 to go with my uniform number.
I live in White Plains now, only a few miles from Rye, but my husband and I drive over quite often and we love to walk along the beach.
''If it's going to run head-to-head with I.B.M., I'd think twice,'' advised Steven D. Grand-Jean, managing director of Salomon Brothers Inc. Do not ignore the timeworn advice about reading the prospectus from cover to cover.
As a way of promoting advertising in the pages of its trade magazines, McGraw-Hill every other year estimates how much sales calls are costing those who call on industrial companies.
''The company changed its name to Manpower Inc. from Parker Pen, effective Feb.
Despite getting only 17 minuts of playing time from Andre McCloud, their leading scorer who was in foul trouble, Seton Hall built leads of 15 points, thanks to a combined 22 points from a sophomore-freshman backcourt of James Major and Morton.
They added that the production halt, if prolonged, raises the potential of a steel shortage and calls from customers for more imports.
I think I prefer the wrinkles, because I really don't know where we will put this humidifier, because I now trip over all the furniture when I climb in and out of bed.
A Manhattan judge has charged that the Police Department selectively enforced the city's laws on street peddling against Senegalese nationals ''based on an impermissible standard of race and nationality that the Constitution forbids.''
An agency must receive the Justice Department's permission each time it uses the process.
Since then, both he and Chancellor Helmut Kohl have moved forward in less dramatic fashion.