It added that the settlement is subject to final approval by Judge Stanley R. Chesler of United States District Court in New Jersey.
"The timing was fortunate," said Chelby King, executive director of the center.
But stick to the fish, in dishes like the delicious bacon-crusted broiled oysters (oh, all right, bacon is meat) that I tried, flash-fried calamari or the Dungeness crab cake with Meyer lemon aioli and piquillo pepper vinaigrette.
"You definitely recognize a New York player because we got a swagger and confidence," said Krauser, a junior who averaged 15 points and 6 assists.
They said the provision was unconstitutional, contending that it interfered with voter registration efforts, and undermined the purpose of creating the housing fund.
Tasting Coordinator: Bernard Kirsch nytimes.com Recent wine columns from The New York Times are online: nytimes.com/wine.
The cleareyed critic Elaine Showalter, who has written frequently on Alcott, has come back to us in 2005 with a Library of America edition of the March family trilogy, complete with the original, touchingly amateur illustrations by Alcott's sister May.
Serve this wine lightly chilled, as an aperitif or with risotto primavera, mussels, scallops, trout or halibut.
These characters, and quite a few more, are adrift in a world of confusion, betrayal and unexpected violence.
That restriction came in the wake of several major scandals, including a huge euro bond trade that roiled markets in Europe and money-laundering accusations in Japan.
Memorial service to be announced at a later date.
There is no assistant secretary of the Treasury for tax policy, and the director's chair at the Congressional Budget Office, currently occupied by Douglas J. Holtz-Eakin, will soon be empty, too.
They were relatively common in what is now South Africa in the beginning of the Jurassic period.
Fred Segal Mobile, from Fred Segal Beauty at 420 Broadway in Santa Monica, (310) 451-3808 or on the Web at www.fredsegalbeauty.com, will bring all of its services -- from a basic blow dry ($125) to a make-up application ($125) to a wardrobe styling ($175 an hour) -- right to your hotel room.
"An opportunity to make a transformational transaction arose, so we took it," Rob van den Bergh, chief executive of VNU, said of the deal in a phone interview from the Netherlands.
Maer Roshan, 35, the former Radar editor and a veteran of Details, Interview, Talk and New York magazine, is back as the new editor of Radar -- intended as a hip, general-interest magazine for those 25 to 39, the sort of people, perhaps, who get their news from Comedy Central.
As a result, Dynegy was able to report $300 million in additional cash flow from operations.
"I don't know," he said.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28 - Osama bin Laden recently asked the Jordanian militant Musab al-Zarqawi to consider planning attacks outside Iraq and possibly on American soil, a United States intelligence official said Monday.
They met with Bishop McCormack on Friday, according to the school's principal, Denis Mailloux, and questioned the bishop about the extent of his role in the scandal.
The astronomers, based at the University of Geneva, had just confirmed that an invisible object about half the mass of Jupiter was sailing around the star 51 Pegasi, tugging it to and fro every four days.
The Department of Defense has identified 1,624 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
The other source is the roughly $850 million that remains of the federal funds made available for the reconstruction of Lower Manhattan in the wake of the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center.
The vote was 218 in favor and 185 opposed, with 18 abstentions.
Len Lye produced cameraless animations by painting straight onto filmstrips.
We thought it was internal.
Still, it takes great music to achieve this.
The classes were the result of the most unusual and ambitious projects ever undertaken by an American Indian tribe.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 - The United States and Europe backed away on Tuesday from suing each other over subsidies worth billions of dollars that each accuses the other of giving to its biggest civilian aircraft maker.
But its strong balance sheet and an A debt rating means it can continue shopping for smaller wireless carriers, particularly if they operate in areas adjacent to Alltel's network.
"They want to remind U.S. passengers there's a far better product in the market" than that offered by American airlines, which he said were "unable to invest in new aircraft and on-board products."
Republicans and Democrats took to the Senate floor on Wednesday in a passionate debate over the measure, which supporters said would clarify a jumble of conflicting standards and cast a new spotlight on the treatment of detainees at American prisons in Afghanistan, Iraq and Cuba.
He has enormous influence over the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's capital plan through his appointee on the agency's review board, transportation officials and advocates say.
New York's secretary of state, who has jurisdiction in these matters, appealed the granting of the license and won.
He missed left last week and right this week.
Or, seated at any computer, you can open files directly from the palmtop's hard drive, without copying them first -- a nice way to handle private documents when you're using somebody else's computer.
THE FACTS -- As bear populations from New Jersey to Yellowstone rebound, so do reports of tense human encounters with them.
Commission officials said they were perplexed by the administration's original attempts to black out material they said struck them as trivial or mundane.
Click on Learn on the Web site to check out the schedule of kayaking and rock climbing classes for women only.
"It's basically the corporate model working," said Arnold Monto, a flu expert at the University of Michigan.
In the months since Governor and T.I.
's review of the merger.
That means you'd have to cut into the walls from a light switch, which takes time, thought and money."
Small parking lots offer quick access to the Botanical Gardens, 2565 Niagara Parkway, or the cliffside McFarland Point Park, a perfect spot for picnics, hikes or Frisbee games.
(Sinagra) THE RAVEONETTES (Tuesday) Clearing away the garage noise of their debut, this Danish duo now strives for pure 60's pop classicism.
Opening-night festivities on Monday began outside the convention center with a purple carpet (Mr. Hamlin's favorite color) and a sold-out, $250-a-plate dinner, an awards ceremony, the first act of "The Jackie Wilson Story" and a dance party.
Sergeant Wakefield's estranged wife, Ann Toward, said through tears on Tuesday.
Golden and an erroneous spelling in some copies for the surname of the United States representative from Staten Island.
COLLEGE CHARLESTON SOUTHERN--Named Barclay Radebaugh men's basketball coach.
A reporter for WCBS-TV, Mr. Chi'en was on a Midtown street doing a live standup on MetroCard swindles.
First Data, based in Denver, will service the accounts after the sale, the company said.
Guided along a trail cut through the bush, the audience encounters Earth Mother (Eleanor James, a mezzo-soprano) and other archetypal characters: White Stag (James McLennan, a tenor), Fenris the wolf (Timothy E. Brummund, a baritone) and Murdeth, an evil land developer intent on destroying the forest (Bradley Breckenridge, an actor).
Or the parade of silver soldiers on horseback that countless passengers have seen beside the Northwest Corridor train tracks.
"Our research shows that efforts to reduce S.T.D.
A Chinese man had been harvesting bile for medicine from the gall bladders of live bears until the day before, when his bears ate him.
Some community leaders have mounted legal challenges to the clinic's moves to exempt certain operations from local taxes.
Revenue climbed 17 percent, to $8.98 billion from $7.66 billion, a year earlier.
Another, thanks to the instant access the Internet offers, is that every highly competitive shopper in the galaxy can flip through the racks at the same time.
In 2004, the movie division brought in a record $3.41 billion at the worldwide box office, powered by the likes of "Troy," "Ocean's Twelve" and "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban."
"Whichever way it come out, it will be a sad day," Mr. Owens said.
In response, North Korea's official news agency quoted a Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying, "Cheney is hated as the most cruel monster and bloodthirsty beast, as he has drenched various parts of the world in blood."
JERUSALEM, Dec. 8 - In increasing violence, an Israeli missile strike killed two Palestinian militants inside a house in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, and a Palestinian stabbed to death an Israeli soldier at a military checkpoint on the northern edge of Jerusalem.
Organizers said Tuesday that they were hoping for a surprise appearance by Jean-Marie Le Pen, the French far-right leader who once called the Nazi gas chambers a "mere detail" of history.
There are those who are new to the area, but have heard that the Cherry Blossom Festival -- which officially begins April 10 -- is not to be missed.
Canceling the season is one, recruiting a new player is another.
Crude added as much as 1.6 percent before falling 0.7 percent, to $46.92 a barrel.
So was the office of Módulo, the magazine he started.
"Other than 'I Love New York,' which was magic, I don't think any of these city or state or national slogans make any difference," Mr. Siegel said.
The idea was to build it up to a point where they could raise the rates and make some money."
An 84-minute version is also scheduled for three screenings in June at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center.
From this perspective, the strategy appears successful.
The club thing is kind of conveying that they have to."
He became friendly with Richard G. Kleindienst, a Phoenix lawyer who helped run Nixon's successful presidential campaign in 1968.
The meeting also sought to focus attention on the cumulative toll of natural disasters.
Television companies are also under pressure as viewers find new ways, including DVD's and recorded programming, to enjoy their favorite shows.
Straw was the serious business of discussions about Syria and plans to take up the new accusations in a United Nations investigation of Syrian involvement in the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri of Lebanon.
But I pause too long.
John Gower, in 1393, wrote of "the cardinals .
Ms. von Otter bites into her program with a manic take on Benedetto Ferrari's "Amanti, Io Vi So Dire" ("Lovers, I Can Tell You"), singing with a crazy, rough decadence that feels true to the period, even if not many singers would dare to fling themselves so heedlessly into sounds bordering on ugliness to put across the character of the song.
"There is no set team where you can say, 'Oh, they're going to win.'
And believe me, that is not the norm."
Veeck, with a bright, boyish look in his eye even when his face aged and wrinkled, was often referred to as the Barnum & Bailey of Baseball for his stunts, and the Pied Piper in the way he drew fans to the ballparks.
The auctioneer is Peter Bainbridge, his voice gentle but firm, his elocution perfect, his accent haute English.
Minimally invasive surgery, which is widely available, means less muscle cutting, a smaller scar and a quicker recovery.
Other commercials on the Internet have already gained occasional notoriety in Europe, most notably a spot that appeared last year, apparently promoting the Ford Sportka.
6 local, that a brackish mixture of water and debris dripped past two feet of concrete and soaked a tangle of electrical wires on Wednesday morning.
Correction: April 27, 2006, Thursday Because of an editing error, an article in The Arts on Tuesday about Frank Gehry's design for the first phase of the Grand Avenue development project in Los Angeles misstated the location of the proposed Atlantic Yards project that Mr. Gehry is designing in Brooklyn.
(He is sometimes called "the Leonardo of Liverpool.")
Several reports by research organizations and groups within the government have deplored what they have all said was the poor job done by the United States in communicating its policies, especially in Muslim countries.
The only ones who can afford this are the ones in Manhattan."
Almost all the blood at the murder scene was Ms. Schnaps's, but a few spots on the box spring and on a cardboard box under the bed looked like a mixture of her blood and someone else's.
In his third-round match on Thursday, Federer had to dig into his reserves to beat Fernando Gonzalez of Chile in three sets.
Numbers start and stop capriciously in a scramble of musical styles, matching the moods of characters for whom consistency is as negligible a virtue as chastity.
The after-party was held down the street at Bond 45.
"People need to see you in news getting fastballs thrown at your head -- and seeing you swing," Mr. Lawrence said.
DOBBS FERRY - MAYOR BRIAN MONAHAN of Dobbs Ferry, visiting Children's Village, sighed as he approached a dilapidated cottage that is home to about 15 pre-teenage boys placed there by a court or social service agency.
For that, much credit goes to the book writer, Winnie Holzman, who created the cult 1990's television series "My So-Called Life," an unlikely predecessor for "Wicked" that also tapped into a certain kind of teenage angst that seemed refreshingly authentic at the time.
He also noted that a paragraph of the resolution specifically exempts from investigation or prosecution citizens of countries like the United States that are not ratifiers of the court treaty.
Khatib and Al-Rashed share many of the same views about journalism.
Loving mother of Alan and Marcia.
It has been occupied or besieged by the Lombards, the Austrians, the Nazis and Napoleon.
At dinner, appetizers, $6 to $12; entrees, $10.50 to $25.
9:40 P.M. (BBC America) THE KUMARS AT NO.
Replacing Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, an architect of the Casey decision, with a more conservative judge is certain to shift the balance toward allowing more state restrictions, advocates on the two sides agree.
During his visit to the Taji air base, Mr. Cheney was told by Lt. Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, who is leading the efforts by the United States to train Iraqi troops, "When people say, 'When will Iraq take control of its own security?'
It has scenes of violence.
Also survived by many loving nieces and nephews.
"It acts as if it lives in Boston, Mass."
J. T. Williams, the chief standards officer at the Canadian Infantry School, where officers are trained, helped run a six-week trial where half of the participants followed the school's fitness program and half did CrossFit workouts.
The attacks extended a surge in insurgent mayhem since the government was formed Thursday and capped the bloodiest three-day period of violence in two months.
But they also said the efforts had begun to pay off.
Nor can they hear Hank Williams, Dwight Yoakam or Trisha Yearwood because country music long stopped being programmed on any commercial station.
Afterward, Samantha Seda, a Legal Aid lawyer representing Mr. Carpio, said about the case, "It's just unbelievable," but refused to comment further.
He got off at Newark.
JOHNSON 'NYC,' DFN Gallery, 176 Franklin Street, TriBeCa, (212) 334-3400, through Jan. 29.
So their crayon and pencil offerings show rape, men on horseback with guns, burning villages and helicopters raining weapon fire from the sky.
Their provision is expected to be attached to a defense appropriations bill that is now before a conference committee and, once approved, cannot be amended on the floor.
And he has proved them right so far by being a valuable dual threat.
They had met through Daniel Lapin, a Seattle-based rabbi with strong ties to the Christian right, and bonded over their hard-edged conservative politics and devout religious faith.
He calculated that the convergence of federal and state cuts would shrink the city's resources for such instruction to $8.3 million from $26 million.
They are ambitious young people doing their best to work against the stratification Mr. Brooks describes, but they lack basic skills that should have been provided as early as grammar school.
Like a parent should, and at a point -- sometimes sooner, sometimes later -- just cannot.
When Eisenhower plays Saturday night at its home field, Thorne Stadium, the twins will be on the sideline.
If 100 member institutions want to override the decision, it is put on the convention agenda in January.
"We heard some people yelling," said Gregory Cuyler, who lives below the apartment.
Representatives of international aid groups, who have been confined to the capital, voiced unhappiness with the policy, and some were seeking local partners as a way around the restrictions.
On Friday, Isinbayeva secured her latest big payday after having to sit through a two-day postponement because of the weather.
The apparent communication breakdown, while disturbing, was not surprising to some local officials.
The attraction, operated by ATLANTIS ADVENTURES, was suspended when Hurricane Ivan struck the island last September.
But, he added, "I don't think they have to go down that much" for the stock market to respond positively.
Ms. Brown, who all but invented the escalator that makes people famous in nothing flat, seems not to understand the way in which the ubiquity of celebrity undercut her position.
Sometimes his socially engaged Conceptualism is in sync with fashion; at other times, like now, it is not.
The Hertz Corporation, which last month withdrew a planned $2.50 booking fee after customers protested, has quietly embarked on another revenue-raising experiment by slashing its grace period for late vehicles in Europe and other international locations to 29 minutes from 59 minutes.
Here's a novel idea: report the news!
Still without me, you can expect to go on.
And after every LifeDrive Manager copy job, you must dismiss the "Copying successful" message on the PC -- no matter how many times you click "Do not show me this dialog box again," it always shows you the box again.
And whereas Comedy Central and Food Network have clearly defined genres (and advertisers), Trio's appeal is difficult to pigeonhole.
I just don't see him as a sympathetic character."
"She is more like a mother than a counselor," said Katherine Laureano, 17, a senior at the leadership academy.
They included military officers, civilian officials and people who are otherwise actively involved in military operations or have close ties to Special Operations forces.
First Irwin blanches them over a flagrantly open flame, then roasts them forever.
I don't think I've ever apologized to a manager before.
Carlesimo will probably be waiting at least another year to resume his career as a head coach.
For a decade or so in the mid-19th century, they often worked side by side, exchanging telepathic vibes, the way close couples can.
Ms. Hughes declined to say whether her departure was resulting from disagreements with the board about her vision for the magazine.
ABC fires the first shot this week with "EMPIRE" (Tuesday at 9 p.m.), which begins with the assassination of Julius Caesar (COLM FEORE).
It is understandable and maybe even necessary that a movie with a humanitarian agenda should bluntly manipulate the emotions.
But in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, there has been a shortage of the pellets; Mr. Righetti will have to rely on his oil heating system until supplies are replenished.
"Are you on the guest list?"
Jeffrey H. Rosen Chicago, Nov. 18, 2005 The writer is dean, School of Professional Studies, Loyola University Chicago.
Wright, a Democrat from Manhattan.
The Knicks had something going.
The most widely planted grape in Luxembourg is rivaner, another name for Germany's commonplace Müller-Thurgau, a cross between riesling and sylvaner that produces inexpensive but rarely distinguished wines.
Mr. Thompson said his side would prove that intelligent design was not creationism because it did not mention God or the Bible and never posited the creator's identity.
National Guard officials said many of the troops mobilized for storm duty had recently returned from overseas combat zones.
One memoir was the basis for a 2004 television film, "Redemption," staring Jamie Foxx, one of the many celebrities and activists who rushed to join the effort to save Mr. Williams's life in recent weeks.
For her new talk show, Ms. Ray hopes to incorporate a little game she and her girlfriends invented during her bachelorette party in Nova Scotia.
All three companies, to varying degrees, have simplified fare structures, eliminated travel agents and telephone bookings, and strongly encouraged customers to buy tickets on the Internet.
But when he is on the football field, he is going to work.
Born February 26, 1918 in Brooklyn, NY.
Four years later, when Mr. Lang decamped from the New York shows to return to showing in Paris, he left a creative void.
As the story moves forward, keep your eye on the bottom of the screen, where the stock price is periodically shown.
Mr. Blair and Mr. Chirac have emerged as champions of rival visions of Europe, one rooted in the social safety nets and state supports of France, and the other in an economic vision, closer to the American model, pursued in Britain.
The best new works by this veteran light sculptor consist only of glowing, loosely gestural colored neon lines connected by black wires to small black transformer boxes.
But Mr. Rumsfeld, a staunch advocate of special operations forces, also told senior officers privately that the command had "to adjust rapidly to stay ahead of the threat," said Kenneth McGraw, a command spokesman.
In pauses between the parade floats and marching politicians, onlookers -- many of them black -- spoke bitterly about the black and impoverished Americans who seemed to be without a helping hand along the Gulf Coast.
Every Thursday night at Donna's on Rampart Street, Tom McDermott plays the fastest, wildest ragtime, Brazilian and stride piano you've ever heard.
And, as is also true of "The Passenger," what seems to matter most now is that few filmmakers have revealed so much beauty inside a film frame.
I found him surrounded by tubes of acrylic paint, plastic bags, paper bowls and sponge brushes.
"I'm watching closely," he said.
Indeed, even as her account was taking shape in her mind, Mrs. Whitman was chairwoman of the Bush-Cheney campaign in New Jersey.
Tomorrow at 6 p.m., with music by Bach, Handel and Telemann in Lasdon Park and Arboretum, Route 35, Somers.Admission: $10; 18 and younger, $5.
In fact, he found a way to twist the guidelines to all of our advantages by bringing a rosé rather than a white.
Angst descends and a song called "Mental Blocks" begins: I sing and dance to entertain but I strain my brain To avoid makin' anyone the least little bit angry, I drive myself insane.
But this transparency, while it has made Vonnegut a perennial best seller -- and a favorite with the young -- has diminished his utility in the academy, where literary reputations are made and preserved.
The reality is the victory was part season-ending gift, part hard effort.
His attitude is, enjoy college while you can because once you get out, there's no going back."
But since one club would have shown at least 16 points, North had to open with one diamond.
But the hallmark of his daily strips are their unhurried depiction of quotidian life.
Beyond such demonstrations lies an emerging world of very large networks that combine motes and portable gear with larger technologies to improve the depth, duration and range of monitoring.
In fact, as the whole world knows since Harvard's president, Lawrence Summers, shared his inner child with us, Harvard is an institution that lags behind its competitors in promoting women.
A century later, the drama of Manhattan nightlife played out in chiaroscuro, and "the lights still hissed and smoked and smelled in your very face, with the lability of flame rather than the controlled evenness of electricity."
They offered Boston no challenge in the next three games.
Hugh L. Carey and Louis J. Lefkowitz, the state attorney general, appointed Judge Meyer special deputy attorney general in charge of the Attica inquiry.
May 28 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $65.
The massive pink granite dome there seems to glow from within at twilight and some say it makes an eerie moaning sound as it contracts in the cooler evening air.
"Marketers were able to do what they wanted because they were given a bye from a corporate governance aspect by the C-suite," Mr. See said, using the shorthand term for leaders like chief executives.
According to the testimony of a witness submitted as part of the defense, Mr. Harper leaned into Mr. Galante as he raised his hand in a pointing motion.
She gave voice to the aspirations and contradictions of a whole generation of American women who had been given a taste of gender equality as workers during World War II, only to find their independence snatched away when the men came home and demanded a return to the prewar status quo.
When there are institutional conflicts, including conflicts involving clinic executives, the clinic plans to propose a separate review process that would include members of the clinic's board.
Now they live in the open air, their living space bounded by knee-high mud walls and pieces of rubbish.
Those positives include last year's World Series victory by the Boston Red Sox, the team's first in 86 years; the ever-percolating Red Sox-Yankees rivalry (which has swelled TV ratings and produced a post-2004 publishing boomlet); and the shift of the moribund Expos from Montreal to Washington, where they were renamed the Nationals and have sold an estimated 1.6 million tickets.
Ms. Taylor has since been approved for a $2,000 emergency assistance check from FEMA, but said she might need much more to get back on her feet.
Mr. Garcia owns the three Mama's Empanadas shops scattered across Queens.
But he doesn't run from the expectations being placed on him here.
She practices real estate law, however, and is a bit slow-witted when it comes to anticipating the risks of looking into a government conspiracy.
Cristina Blanco, 26, a designer visiting from Madrid, said she was astounded by the media interest.
He studied records of 140 teenagers who committed suicide during the 1980's in and around New York City.
Hours: Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Free.
"My uncle's gone, and Nascar is not in the tobacco business anymore," Petty, 67, said last week in a telephone interview from his office in Randleman, N.C. Nascar's top series is now sponsored by Nextel, the wireless communications company, and Petty has become a spokesman for Nicorette, a smoking-cessation nicotine gum manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare.
In July, Ms. Ross said, the event will celebrate diversity, with local restaurants offering Indian, Cajun, Brazilian, Dominican and French cuisine.
The political maneuvering came even before negotiators for the House and Senate had agreed on a final deal to extend the government's counterterrorism powers under the act.
A hospital official said 27 people had been killed and at least 120 wounded in the attack, which Mr. Zarqawi's group claimed to have engineered.
A painting commemorating the operating room scene hangs in the Countway Library of Medicine at Harvard.
The Real Estate Record and Guide noted that "it will be possible to step out of a boat and be whisked immediately by fast elevator to the topmost floor of the building."
He recommends sipping this screw-capped Catalonian white with avocado, seafood, pâtés and melon with Serrano ham.
For that reason, it also becomes harder to change.
The rift -- not repaired until Ms. Lippman tracked her friend down in 2000, after her divorce, and made amends -- helped inspire her 10th novel, "To the Power of Three," a murder mystery published last month by William Morrow.
For the most part, we like do things ourselves around here.
His worst problem at school, she said, is pushing himself too hard.
And we wanted him to have a certain carriage to his appearance."
"With sampietrini, you do it once, and if you take care of it, it will last forever," he said.
Maine monument, northeast corner of Columbus Circle, Central Park West and 59th Street.
Of course, what oncologists at the meeting celebrate as major gains are still far from cures.
Arnaldo Ortiz, 33, said he was driving west on East 163rd Street when he saw a group of officers facing a group of men.
Shortly after that, Dr. Harron cut his testimony short, citing the need to retain his own lawyer.
Among the young people who turned out here, Cardinal Ratzinger's intentions became grist for a lively debate.
The sad news is that the Illini's victory officially ended the underdog portion of the N.C.A.A.
There was extended applause before and after the hourlong session, which was billed as a "pep talk."
Her father works in Cohasset as a consultant to mortgage lenders on consumer financing patterns.
He was named the Gulf South Conference special-teams player of the week and was quickly embraced by North Alabama students.
To get a sense of that, it's worth exploring how "I Am Charlotte Simmons" has been received at colleges, where it is selling briskly.
The comments came in the minutes from the bank's monetary policy meeting last week, when it left interest rates unchanged after nine consecutive monthly increases.
Intel said that its revenue was up nearly 10 percent in the fourth quarter, to $9.6 billion, while its profit dipped slightly, to $2.1 billion, or 33 cents a share, compared with $2.2 billion, also 33 cents, in the quarter a year earlier.
A Jordanian security official said last night that after the bombing, Ms. Rishawi fled to the home of relatives in Salt, a city about a 30-minute drive from the capital.
The developments emerged as Charles Clarke, the British home secretary, offered the first official indication that British officials believed the four attackers were suicide bombers.
"If we do not intervene, we are taking out a terrible mortgage on the vitality of our city," Mr. Ferrer said in an institute news release, which was posted for a time on his campaign Web site but has since been removed.
Because many low-income Brazilians do not have bank accounts, retailers offer their own cards to provide credit to customers unable to meet the conditions for traditional bank cards.
Does the information make you more or less confident?
To qualify, you identify your school (kindergarten through high school or college) from a menu, and agree that you will buy only a total of three computers and one monitor in an academic year.
Whew, their expressions now said.
(The film is to be shown at the New York Film Festival on Sunday and Monday, and is scheduled for release in January.)
MINNESOTA WILD--Claimed C Randy Robitaille off waivers from Nashville.
For almost all that time, she and Mr. Smith had an affair.
But this time the game is far more insidious and ingenious.
The question is how much.
In the end, they made two arrests for attempted sexual assault, and concluded that the other attacks had not happened.
Featuring a gold-festooned lobby in a building constructed for Louis XV on the Place de la Concorde, the hotel has room prices ranging from 500 euros per night for a single room in low season to 8,080 a night for the Bernstein suite, named after Leonard Bernstein, the late American conductor and composer, who stayed there when in Paris.
Pat Courtney, a spokesman for the commissioner's office, said the weather service used by baseball saw no possibility of playing the game at any point.
"This is interesting because the king wanted a statue like this, and Kaendler was developing it, but the idea never got beyond a terra-cotta model," Mr. Crane said.
Born in Cincinnati, he was the youngest son of Grace Probasco Rowe and John Jay Rowe.
"Sometimes I'll cry, sometimes I'll punch," she said when asked about how she put an experience like missing a cut behind her.
One of the people most saddened by the tree's death is Roger Holloway, whose company, Riveredge Farms of Atlanta, sells disease-resistant Princeton elms genetically descended from the mother tree.
After you have used each of your units to move and fight, the enemy forces do the same.
She said that on Thursday, "we got a lot of very encouraging phone calls from potentially very large donors who had been holding back."
New York and many other states require that plates be original, not restored.
Once reports revealed that Brown had discussed a front-office job with Cleveland and concern over his health became an issue, Saunders became the Pistons' leading contingency candidate.
For what pieces is this artist most well-known?
Ahold did not disclose terms of the deal in a statement it released through Euronext Amsterdam.
The bridegroom's mother is also the director of the dialectical behavior therapy program at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York.
"Now my life revolves around skating and organizing competitions," he said.
Until recently, the deal was on track with both sides anticipating that it would close in September or October.
"My relatives kept calling me from Tabriz and said they knew what or who I was writing about.
The final paragraph of the article states that Hurricane Katrina will define President Bush’s second term in office.
"I was chased down the street by 100 Liverpudlians," he said with a northern England intonation.
"We all expected to see some expense rationalization from companies that haven't focused on that historically," said David Heupel, who helps manage $2.5 billion at Thrivent Financial for Lutherans, including Wyeth and Pfizer shares.
If she can do it, I can,"' she said.
Airbus, for its part, is planning to showcase its new A380 plane, a super-jumbo 555-passenger model; it just announced that it was being forced to delay delivery of the first planes by at least six months.
"We have tried to work with them to help level the playing field, and as a result of our program, consumers who were paying retail no longer have to shop around for the best price."
"I've got to be better.
Known until now for eclectically layered abstract paintings, Tom Burckhardt has produced a big surprise for his current exhibition: a walk-in cartoon of an artist's studio, above, made of tan corrugated cardboard and black paint.
The equations describing the quantum mechanics of the strong force are particularly difficult to solve, and it turns out that turning to mathematical models that described the collisions in terms of a plasma "was really looking under the lamppost because it was easy to do the calculations," Dr. Zajc said.
"I'm now in the book business, which emerges naturally out of my preoccupation.
Many team owners became concerned with the horse-collar tackle earlier this year after it was blamed for causing a higher rate of injury than more traditional tackles.
As they came and went, the looters nodded companionably to one another.
"I saw these images of judges and lawyers defending the people," she said.
And in 1991, his 21-year-old son, Eli, was murdered while on a trip to Thailand.
Mr. Greenberg's exit was more momentous than the recent departures of other chief executives because he and A.I.G.
But you may want to have contingency plans.
licensed the concept to Alfred R. Kahn, the chief executive of 4Kids Entertainment, and the designer's latest collection -- due in October -- was born.
His father and his mother, Maureen Sullivan, live in Havertown, Pa. She is an agent in the Bryn Mawr office of Prudential Fox & Roach.
She is a daughter of Margaret and William Hennessey of Elizabeth.
"The Japanese love our planes," Kennett said.
"Some of the natural scrutiny and vetting that a candidate goes through would show that Dick Codey is someone who's been in and around politics his whole life, and his business," Mr. Wilson said.
What the country wants is confidence that the administration is improving the leadership and performance of FEMA, and homeland security operations in general.
"Unjustifiable," the French Competition Council ruled this month.
THOUGH THE HEAVENS MAY FALL: The Landmark Trial That Led to the End of Human Slavery, by Steven M. Wise.
It confirmed the death of the following American yesterday: BOYCE, Timothy R., 29, Sgt., Army; North Salt Lake, Utah; Maintenance Troop, Support Squadron, Third Armored Caval-ry.
As a result they may come to view business networking with less trepidation.
"But at the same time he can't afford a loss.
We actually pour less than 7 percent of the U.S. coffee consumption.
First Fruit, piercingly dry, fuses flavors of dried herbs, minerals and kiwi; it is tastiest when sipped only slightly chilled.
Asked if he was worried that he might lose his edge without having a foil in a position of authority, Mr. Stern said he was not.
After all, it is not as if the traditional museum is so sacred and otherworldly that it is untouched by vulgar concerns.
What's more, I understood that whatever the outcome, success or failure, whichever father, baby or none, by going forward I at least ensured some of what I sought in an actual baby, a commitment to life.
In addition to all that, she had time to be a loving mother and a great cook.
"They were paid $1 a day.
Like many in this deeply religious, largely Protestant, community, the Shorts spoke of the power of faith, saying that Ms. Lenz's mother, Doris Jones, had never lost hers.
A scar in the rock marked the place where looters had hacked at the statue, leaving a crumpled, headless torso.
SASSON - BITTOUN -- Zmira (Zimmie).
In some cases, the governors embrace Mr. Bush's proposals but go further.
The decision, by the full federal appeals court in Washington, declined to reconsider a unanimous decision of a three-judge panel of the court.
The idea of artists making everyday items for sale is not new, but Ms. Ginsburg's project nonetheless beguiles with its evident passion and intelligence.
If the systems don't filter out false lane markers there will be too many nuisance alerts, prompting drivers to turn the system off.
Chen Yifei was born in 1946 in Ningbo, in coastal Zhejiang Province.
Manager Bobby Cox did not have a lineup of cleanup hitters, as other teams have described the Yankees.
14 Officer Charged in Killing A Chicago police officer of 14 years was charged with murder in connection with a contract killing of a driver for a funeral home owned by the officer's family, the police said.
The White Sox were disappointing at the plate, with a .256 average and a .321 on-base percentage after yesterday's game.
He reported conversations in 2001 in which he said Mr. Gotti ordered a stash of machine guns moved to a new hiding place, but prosecutors offered little evidence to corroborate Mr. DiLeonardo's testimony.
DETROIT - CUE the orchestra to strike up "Tomorrow."
Charlie Weis is the first Notre Dame coach to win his first two games on the road since Knute Rockne beat Case Tech and Wabash in 1918.
It was rebuilt again in 1970 as a military post and training camp.
They don't want to spend hours shopping, and they need a guide.
In those tapes, the judge said, Sheik Moayad laughed about a Hamas attack in Israel in which civilians had been killed.
Arena received a three-game suspension for verbally attacking Prendergast after that match.
Angelina refers to Tristan as her pockets.
Before that, Mr. Johnson headed the E.P.A.
At least three marines have been killed in the operation, two on Sunday in Qaim and Ubaydi, and another on Monday in Qaim.
I am worried about the disappearance of an internationalist, pro-American business elite.
The bid came as Medicis is seeking to complete a planned but slow-moving acquisition, announced last March, of a rival company, the Inamed Corporation, which is the market leader in breast implants.
He has not, however, scheduled anything.
What happened next doesn't often happen in big-time college football, and almost never in the N.F.L.
Such kits are available in many pet stores and on the Web for less than $50.
It even has a food feature: a photo spread of wet baked beans on toast, a far cry from Irving Penn.
"He can put anybody anywhere in this lineup and they'll fill the role," Williams said before the game.
'Doris Day Collection' From Warner Home Video, the "Doris Day Collection" brings together eight titles, all but two previously unreleased on DVD, and all but four drawn from the seven years Ms. Day spent under contract at Warner Bros. in the first phase of her film career.
"It is not a '24' thing."
Mr. Kelly said the plan would require additional police officers to monitor the street.
A five-piece band plays in the public square, shaded from the sun under a green canopy.
The ICBM's -- soon the Soviet Union and other countries had theirs -- shrank the world in a military sense.
The constitutional panel would have four months after its creation to propose changes to the document, Mr. Makky said.
Into the midst of starchy Philadelphia society, Mr. Muti, with his glowering good looks and his leather jackets, carried the aura of a street tough, becoming an object of more than musical fascination.
This happened just over three weeks ago, when Hurricane Katrina, then a Category 1 storm, cut through southern Florida and strengthened to a Category 5 in the gulf.
5:30 -- Mr. Dunkelman updates him on the evening voting schedule, telling him there will be seven pieces of legislation and casting doubt on his ability to make it to New York for campaign events.
The following year, Mr. Leitkowski was one of only 14 people from law-enforcement agencies around the world accepted for the semi-annual F.B.I.
Johnson, the $16 million man who was acquired to help guide the Yankees to the playoffs, had everything to pitch for against a team that is counting the hours until vacation.
They rode out the hurricane in a school gymnasium and still found themselves vagabonds.
Mr. Gonzalez is looking at the big picture, saying Latinos should not lose their children just because those children may do better with a whiter, more financially secure family.
That would be Fall Out Boy, the punk-pop band from Chicago whose "From Under the Cork Tree" (Island) was one of the best-selling albums released in 2005; the band has been nominated for a Grammy Award as best new artist.
As she gets in she remarks that she is glad to have the opportunity to tell me how much she likes my patriotic red, white and blue sandals.
A few years ago Bubba Sparxxx, a white rapper from La Grange, Ga., released an adventurous album called "Deliverance," a collaboration with the black producer Timbaland (from Virginia) in which the two invented a digitally mutated, beat-driven country-inflected sound.
6 p.m., Webster Hall, 125 East 11th Street, East Village, (212)353-1600; $20.
Here is a closer look at what the legislators did and did not do.
"We would not have the size of government today without the garment industry," said Lynn A. Knight, president of the Hotel Association of the Northern Marianas.
When Matt Lauer of the "Today" program asked if it was bittersweet or a relief to have the burden of their 33-year-old joint secret lifted at last, Mr. Woodward opened his mouth to answer, but Mr. Bernstein beat him to the punch.
Patricia Nelson Limerick, a professor at the University of Colorado and the author of a revisionist history of westward settlement, was asked to deliver the keynote address.
Mr. Kunitz has not read in public for about two years, Ms. Lentine said, but he still loves to say his work aloud.
In addition, as contractors hurried to install the devices before the start of the war with Iraq -- the Bush administration feared that Saddam Hussein might use biological weapons on American cities -- they were often placed too low or too high to collect satisfactory samples, the inspector general noted.
The snake was meant to represent the Anaconda Copper Mining Company and, more broadly, economic forces that contributed to the military overthrow of the government of President Salvador Allende in 1973.
But while MTV has historically beaten back all manner of cable challenges, many of the more relevant threats do not live on television.
A1 Killer Nurse May Give Kidney A former nurse who pleaded guilty to killing 29 patients at hospitals in New Jersey and Pennsylvania has received permission to donate a kidney to an acquaintance in New York, as long as he first appears at his own sentencing.
Gail Rodgers owns a three-property compound on a large pond in Chatham on Cape Cod and rents out two of the two-bedroom cottages each summer.
"When I sliced it on the chopping block, there was a resistance to the knife," he said.
While the position gave Saudi Arabia some influence, it was a result of a previous overexpansion rather than a deliberate policy.
She was a member of the Colony Club, The Mayflower Society, and a past national president of The National Society of The Colonial Dames of America.
Dr. Fara Shah, an ophthalmologist working a shift in the triage tent, said: "Life and death is in your hands.
The current and former intelligence officials who described Mr. Helgerson's report include supporters and critics of his findings.
"I'm still not sure where I am -- what do they call this, the upper West or something?"
Or take the most literal and municipal example of these intangible losses.
"Under standard liability, we are not responsible for the information stored on the tape," said Melissa Burman, an Iron Mountain spokeswoman.
All the mommy of the moment had to decide was where to ace the mouthy, wrinkled runt: down the middle or out wide.
Also survived by cousins, nieces and nephews and his precious "Belle."
Concerts are free, but a beach pass is required for entry before 6 p.m. (daily admission is $7.)
The country's economic behavior has faced increased scrutiny, whether the issue is the flood of textile exports or the violation of intellectual property rights including piracy of movies, software and luxury goods.
Her mother died in 2002 at age 38.
"He's the son I didn't have," he said.
At his 11th State of the State address yesterday, Gov.
"The whole key here is agility," General Hayden said, adding that the aim "is to detect and prevent."
For tickets and details about all of Austria's Mozart events: www.mozart2006.net.
"Hitting some home runs, and consistently hitting the ball hard every at-bat," Giambi said Monday.
Without the cart, he would be unable to see the people he likes to see.
My approach with people incorporates what we call "Minnesota nice."
The broker had other places to show her.
Ms. Langley was hired by Ms. Parent and Mr. Stuber, and worked on last year's hit sequel "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason."
But soon I was surprised to find myself responding -- and feeling most sympathetic where my initial chuckles had sometimes been loudest.
Justice Leis said the courts appoint a lawyer to act as a law guardian, representing the children's interests, and recommend a custody arrangement.
He said that is because L.N.G.
The primary reason for the selection of the Ontario site was its proximity to our existing plant in the province, which will manage many administrative functions for the new plant.
DALLAS, Dec. 6 - It may not seem like it, but the Yankees did come to the winter meetings.
AS careers go, his has veered toward overachievement: vice president of Dow Jones & Company, assistant publisher of The Wall Street Journal (when headquarters of The Journal were severely damaged on Sept. 11, he helped direct its Pulitzer Prize-winning publishing efforts from its backup facility in New Jersey); author of three books of nonfiction (on the 1939 Yankees; the 1930 disappearance of Judge Crater; the inaugural address of John F. Kennedy), and the possessor of three degrees, including a law degree and a master's in public policy, all from Harvard.
His task will be to coordinate 15 spy agencies so that the United States is never again surprised as it was on Sept. 11, 2001, nor as ill-informed as it was about Iraq's weapons programs.
On a hotel-booking Web site, Tripadvisor.com, the hotel gets mostly good reviews.
Last night, they routed McNeese State, 72-36, and they face Army at West Point on Saturday.
Caption information is provided below.
After the day's proceedings, Mr. Seeger complained about the lawyers for Merck "They make a motion for mistrial every time someone sneezes" D. Rebecca Higbee, a former clerk to Judge Higbee (and no relation), said in an interview that this was her former boss's less-than-subtle way of letting Merck's lawyers know that she was growing weary of their tactics.
"If I read one more story about Londoners' 'stiff upper lip' I'm going to scream," wrote Kevin Drum in the "Political Animal" blog of The Washington Monthly on July 8.
Marketing, of course, will also play a role.
She worked tirelessly to insure that all people had equal opportunities.
Until the recent elections in Iraq and among the Palestinians, the modern Arab world was largely immune to the winds of democracy that have blown everywhere else in the world.
Whereas with absolute moral truth, what was O.K.
Both he and Ms. Stevens remember that as a milestone.
The product of a large Irish-Catholic family -- he has two brothers and a sister -- Mr. Doyle says that growing up in Wayne he was not interested in comedy, nor was he particularly funny.
LOHMAN--Sidney Irving, 95, died on February 3.
Established cosmetics companies are even hiring makeup artists as spokeswomen.
I know how to handle myself."
He spent two weeks searching for them in all the refugee camps in the area, and finally gave up five days ago.
"I am more worried about the societal part than the academic."
By far the main reason for the steep decline in cardiac deaths has been the reduction in cigarette smoking, especially among middle-aged men.
In this position I could count the 23 screws myself.
"If you can't pronounce the name, all of a sudden it becomes something that's slightly less attainable for the consumer and it becomes more desirable.
Before the Santa Catalina, they sealed the track and the base was not as soft as it usually is.
"We have a pretty good life."
to all its customers without forcing them to move their phone numbers, though she could not provide the timing on that change.
Ensemble Studio Theater, 549 West 52nd Street, (212)352-3101 (Isherwood) Long-Running Shows 'AVENUE Q' R-rated puppets give lively life lessons (2:10).
Most came from the Richelieu Valley in Quebec, Ms. Bartholomy said.
(For further background information, see the official Web site of the Independent Electoral Commission of Iraq: //www.ieciraq.org/English/Frameset_english.htm .
More traditional altars will be on display at a festival in the historic district of Guadalupe, between Phoenix and Tempe.
No wonder Lana Turner's character takes notice when a handsome young drifter (John Garfield) turns up at their door.
Mosques, Islamic goods stores and buildings where Muslims live came under close surveillance by undercover agents and police officers on patrol, inspiring deep fear, but little dialogue.
Earlier in the day, when the Mets still believed they would be playing, Manager Willie Randolph planned to start Chris Woodward at first base and bench the struggling Doug Mientkiewicz, who is batting .206 in 160 at-bats with 7 home runs and 20 runs batted in.
But the problem with her nomination lies less in these distant events than in Ms. Tymoshenko's demagogic and uncompromising speeches over the past few weeks.
Bees and butterflies carry off pollen and nectar.
Red Sox fans, on the other hand, aren't thinking wild card.
Many of the problems I witnessed in Iraq two years ago are being repeated: the three enablers of insurgency -- weapons, men and money -- still flow freely from Syria and Iran; many American units are still blind to cultural nuance, largely because of a shortage of translators; and there's still too much focus on the misleading statistic of dead insurgents, as if the enemy were finite.
But Jenny Diver is not Mother Courage, and even in her delivery of songs Ms. Lisitza more resembles Golde leaving Anatevka than Anna Fierling slogging across the battlefields of 17th-century Europe.
When he's playing as many instruments as possible in real time, his genius is clear.
When Madame Jumel's husband, Stephen Jumel, a wine merchant, was in France, he gave her power of attorney and she proved adept at handling business affairs, Mr. Moss said.
I'm running against time right now," he said, but added: "I think I have it licked."
Jane Caroline Manners, a daughter of Suzanne and John H. Manners of Montclair, N.J., was married yesterday to Dr. John Joseph Collins III, a son of Dr. Mary H. Collins and Dr. Collins Jr. of Marion, Mass.
In his speech, the secretary returned to a theme he has been voicing since he assumed office: his two-year-old agency cannot protect against every threat.
It was Manhattan, not Brooklyn.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
I adapt recipes for speed, and, as she does, I put as many fresh ingredients into dishes as I can.
Once a month, the two researchers traveled to Harpenden, measured the children and took pictures, and later expanded the research to include data from other European surveys.
The original Social Security system, now seven decades old, did not include many public employees.
Nunley's Carousel, that is, which spun for generations at Nunley's Amusement Park in Baldwin.
Funeral service and burial will be private.
An advertisement for "Everybody Hates Chris" -- a new show on UPN, which Viacom owns -- adorned the side of a bus.
Mr. Foxx was also nominated for his supporting role in "Collateral."
But the agency has almost never taken steps to overturn a rule; rather, its role has been to set the guidelines that companies must follow in meeting a new standard.
The pain pushed her to the numbing comfort of heroin and a life on the streets.
If your camera does not come with a boom, attachments are available.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 82.29 points, to 10,805.87.
Ali al-Naimi, the oil minister of Saudi Arabia, the most pivotal member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, said he supported raising the group's output ceiling by 500,000 barrels a day, but suggested that refining bottlenecks in rich industrialized nations would prevent such an increase from having much effect on prices.
Q. I'd like to put up shelves to display books and hide paperwork.
"It would have cost a lot less, and you would have gotten a college stadium out of it as well," he said.
With the death of Peter Jennings, the anchor for the ABC News evening program, America officially moved beyond the days when three men and three networks dominated television news.
"All the major blood vessels leaving the heart were a mush, and there was no way to fix it."
"It's like the dropping of the ball in Times Square on New Year's Eve," Ms. Ewais said.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist of Tennessee, said he had not consulted with House leaders.
"More is not necessarily better," General Casey said to reporters after the news conference.
You see, that teaching assistant was born in Missouri.
"Weiner is a long shot, and I dislike him the least, so I may vote for him rather than someone who could possibly be a threat to Bloomberg."
It was thumbs up for the chocolate overload, a layering of cake, mousse and ganache; a tangy lemon meringue pie; and a disk of alternating white and dark chocolate mousses.
One future supply source would be the fields Exxon is to start tapping on Oct. 1.
When surgeons clamp the aorta in the on-pump technique, small pieces can break off to cause disabling and fatal strokes.
This is the next hottest thing since the smiley face."
He pitched a few stellar games, beating the Tampa Bay Devil Rays four times and throwing eight dazzling innings against Oakland in August.
94 in the year-end rankings.
They are often strangers to their families and communities Monday through Friday, while remaining on a first-name basis with the Starbucks barista.
It surely won't be his last.
"It's a great thing for families," Mr. Taylor said.
Johnson has been in charge of preparing the Birds of Prey course since its inception.
Larissa Soos, a friend of Michelle Nyce, said that she "had to do everything herself and was lonesome at times."
SNOW DAYS -- Those in the Northeast who are already sick of waking up to the sound of snow shovels scraping sidewalks might want to have a look at a fare sale the United Airlines unit of UAL announced yesterday to sunny destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean and Central America, for travel from Jan. 1 to March 10.
's Magnasteer technology, which provides variable effort at the wheel.
That's an exaggeration, but Saleh al-Husseini, a member of the Majlis al-Shura, a consultative assembly appointed by the king, claims that the current boom is more sustainable than past oil-led expansions.
It has withheld internal reports and stonewalled external inquiries, while clinging to the fiction that the abuse was confined to isolated acts, like the sadistic behavior of one night crew in one cellblock at Abu Ghraib.
"But people still go to shopping malls in droves."
In a remarkable display of physical resilience, he survived.
Industry folks want it to be more.
president, Jacques Rogge, said in Singapore.
The ruling was issued Thursday by the United States District Court for eastern Michigan in response to a challenge by the United Automobile Workers.
Many of these increases are energy-related and are building on steep jumps from earlier in the year.
The terms of the two remaining phases are expected to be completed in 2006.
But thanks to top-level political leadership and ambitious goals, it soon began to move ahead.
"Not only have they come up with a number for this year," he said, "they've promised to reduce it by two-thirds in five years.
After the showing, though, her client told her the other agent had said that "'if I didn't use you he would give me a few points of his commission back,"' Ms. Campins said.
But the Ukrainian protesters wanted change.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Senior & Shopmaker, 21 East 26th Street, (212) 213-6767, through Nov. 23.
This became the beginning of Professor Friedman's 1980 PBS series "Free to Choose," also about the role of individual freedom in creating a prosperous, politically free society.
Her latest film was the Woody Allen movie "Melinda and Melinda," which came out last month.
Seventeen employees who worked on the General Mills account at the flagship New York office of Saatchi & Saatchi, part of the Publicis Groupe, have resigned, days after the agency said unexpectedly that their boss, Mike Burns, the global account director for General Mills, would leave March 15.
OCEAN COUNTY ARTISTS GUILD Paintings by Theresa Pezzutti.
"If they say that yes, they recognize him," he said, "there's about a 99.9 percent probability that it is right."
Lorraine M. Aronson, a vice president and the chief financial officer of the university, told lawmakers on Monday that she had agreed to meet Mr. Rowland for breakfast on Nov. 11.
coordinator here, said requests for news media credentials were down to 275 from 400 last spring, when Boston College, Maine and Minnesota-Duluth, along with the eventual champion, Denver, played in the Frozen Four in Boston.
The elder Lamadrids were first introduced to Tappan by co-workers in the Bronx, who claimed real estate values were better in Rockland than elsewhere.
Mr. Ramsey announced a strategy last week that would allow TiVo to sell recorders independently of cable and satellite systems, but investors have wondered whether this is the most effective approach.
Tennessee Housing Development Authority Homeownership Program, Nashville, $82 million of debt securities.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw of Britain said the ministers also discussed Iran, the Balkans, the war and genocide in Sudan, efforts to resume talks with North Korea and negotiations over China.
As part of the Austrian Cultural Forum's Mostly Modern festival, it was an evening of modernist composers, from the young Anton Webern (in the unaccustomed guise of a hot-blooded teenager) to ever so slightly grizzled living artists like Louis Karchin and Arthur Kreiger.
ATLANTA, Nov. 2 - After years of having its autumn tournaments languish in the glare of pro and college football and the baseball postseason, the PGA Tour announced a restructured schedule Wednesday.
But here in gambling's Golden Age, his evolution from Long Island high school teacher and aspiring actor to gambling entrepreneur seems instead like a tale for the times.
An unusually specific instance of behavioral manipulation was discovered recently in a wasp that parasitizes an orb-weaving spider in Costa Rica.
"A lot of people will say they are afraid of losing their investment.
(An example, far right, was inspired by Richard Serra's "Ernie's Mark," center.)
In an oversized black Nike duffel bag, he found pairs of Nike Shox running shoes and cleats, and a Nike football, the only brand he would be allowed to use for the next four days.
The kidnappers in Madaen were Sunni Arabs from a tribe with roots in Anbar Province, west of the capital, where tension between Sunni residents and the mostly Shiite police force that now controls the town has increased in recent weeks, Interior Ministry officials said.
he shouted at the 19-year-old cashier, Kajal Patel, who had just finished making his coffee.
It doesn't mean we're going to go anywhere with it.
They want a government that is concerned about open space, less congestion, the environment and rising energy prices.
Both pieces get heady in places with the excitement of the moment and catch up the whole orchestra in massed outbursts.
Mr. Baumann deftly demonstrated the proper application of the adhesive, placing a drop on the back of his hand and then dipping the tip of a brush handle into the glue.
Alas, some bottled waters contain the same chemicals anyway -- and they are, in any case, unavoidable.
The world is richer because he was in it.
The networks are also starting to connect hotels within a chain, making it easy for the staff in the Singapore or Seattle branch to see the customer profile of a guest from Spain.
The Dimmick is a casual, friendly place where Milford and its tourists unwind.
"Sports is a big thing in Louisiana," he said.
But the Bucks cleared cap space by trading Keith Van Horn and appear inclined to keep Redd, especially now that they have strong balance inside with the No.
Sponsored by New York Curmudgeon Tours.
That will be especially so for entrepreneurs who finance start-ups with credit card debt or home mortgages, or borrow money from family members and friends.
To keep the school's elementary school open many of the islanders have become foster parents to children who were unable to fit into schools elsewhere and dropped out.
At the same time, not all museums welcome the concept of renting art to the public.
Recently, he has been in the habit of saying, "Nothing is going my way."
Visitors to a trustees' tea roamed on the other side.
He clearly is someone who loves the limelight, as he asserted himself over his more subdued colleagues.
A Democrat on the Judiciary Committee of particular interest is Senator Joseph I. Biden Jr. of Delaware, chairman during the hearings for Clarence Thomas, a notably garrulous senator who is considering a run for the White House.
The study reports that if you sit within two rows of a contagious passenger for more than eight hours, the chances of infection increase.
Students then write a first-person narrative from the perspective of a runaway slave, or a historical character of the period, and present their story orally.
Barbecued St. Louis ribs ($14.95) were smoky and tender, lightly dabbed with a piquant sauce that was subtly spiced and not cloying.
"I'm not desperate, you know what I mean?
Of course, he expects the British people and Parliament, which will be called on to approve most of these changes, to trust his government to use such new powers carefully and wisely.
She is Judith Resnik, not Resnick.
It shows a considerably more doughy Ms. Regan holding court with denizens of the steroids-and-silicone set.
C. Evan Stewart, a lawyer for Mr. Sihpol and a partner in the firm of Brown Raysman Millstein Felder & Steiner, declined to comment.
Died July 7 at his home in Florida after a long illness.
But it was just this week that forensic analysts tied fibers from Katie's body to carpet from his mother's home, and Mr. Stockelman's DNA to the material that bound the girl's hands.
Later, after moving to New York, he regularly consulted another psychic in the West Village and urged one of his reluctant friends to see her, too.
In January, when Iraqis elected a transitional government, insurgents attacked nearly 300 times, a third of the attacks against polling places.
Long live the new team.
Meets Sunday at 2:30 p.m. at 129 West 130th Street.
(Ratliff) JUILLIARD JAZZ ORCHESTRA: 'CELEBRATING ELLINGTON' (Through Sunday) A band featuring students in Juilliard's Institute for Jazz Studies, conducted by Victor Goines and featuring the singer Vanessa Rubin and the saxophonist Frank Wess.
In some categories -- like search or social networking, for example -- there are scores of start-ups vying for pretty much the same market, and it's certain that, just like last time, most of them will fail.
Michael J. Ogborn, OmniTrax's managing director, said he could see a future for Churchill when "the activity at the port will be as busy as an anthill, with machines, people, freight and ships at dock."
He hired Khatib's boss, Nahkle El Hage, a former executive at MBC who is now the news director at Al Arabiya, and the first thing El Hage did in his new position was hire Khatib.
Anyone trying to keep track of him will have to look close -- and close to the floor.
$600,000 to $899,999 Stamford $729,000 1 Shady Lane Number of bedrooms: 4 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 14 weeks 27-year-old vinyl-sided contemporary; kitchen with vaulted ceiling, family room, solar heating and cooling system, 2-car garage, 1.11-acre lot; taxes $8,092; listed at $729,000.
"Portuguese economists agree that the country has used the resources as a way to postpone the hard decisions," said Sebastián Royo, a professor of government at Suffolk University in Boston who has written extensively on the integration of Portugal and Spain into the union.
For the period ending Oct. 31, profit from continuing operations will be as much as 19 cents a share on revenue of up to $300 million, ADC said.
A: First of all, perfection.
THE SEA HOUSE, by Esther Freud.
Burial to follow at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Valhalla, N.Y.
(He knew he would be O.K.
Now, he will never have to feel that way again.
(Chinen) Classical Full reviews of recent music performances: nytimes.com/music.
As General Abizaid spoke of the effects of the unresolved political negotiations, more problems emerged in those talks, which have dragged on for nearly two months.
According to witnesses, two unidentified men wearing ski masks and long-sleeved shirts came into the bakery while three employees were inside: Mr. Kuruvilla, a clerk and a security guard.
To the Editor: A method to compare students' achievements among states may well be needed, but a national curriculum is the last thing we need.
But Todd Schulte, a Republican, said Mr. Hackett's service had caused him to consider voting Democratic on Aug. 2.
After Richard Hamilton's last-second shot attempt missed and the Spurs secured the rebound, Duncan grabbed the ball with one hand and pointed upward as he began jogging to the locker room.
In all, 3,579 rooms have been taken out of service since 1999, according to figures supplied by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
-Explain why the government should fund further research and use of this renewable source in the future.
For the icing, bring the corn syrup to a boil.
Part of the problem may have been a lack of specifics, since the company said it did not have financial details on the plan.
Once he adjusted the mirror he could look at it sitting low in the seat, comfortable, motor idling to keep the heater on, and that's what he did, he sat there staring at the house.
"This is a perfect place for me," he said.
It is filled with what was once labeled new journalism and is now called experimental or creative nonfiction.
It takes a poet to do justice to such mutability, and Robert Pinsky, the author of many volumes of poetry and translation, is an apt choice for "The Life of David," one of the first books in the "Jewish Encounters" series, which will match prominent Jewish writers with a variety of subjects.
Shooting the ball, she was all thumbs.
But Mr. Rosenblatt said he had not yet made a decision on the proposal, and said he was considering it carefully.
Maybe that kind of decision is too important to be left to pilots.
or "Can you send me your photo?"
agent Alex Cross contends with two deadly enemies: the Wolf and the Weasel.
Online consulting is "one of the biggest changes to come to health care since the beginning of the electronic medical record itself," said Judith R. Faulkner, chief executive of Epic Systems, a health information technology company based in Madison, Wis., that is working with Kaiser.
The further complication in the Murdoch family is the issue of control raised by the family trusts.
Sure, Clement Greenberg and Dwight Macdonald may not have seen it as their prerogative to speak to the masses, but today, as Mr. Brooks says, the masses no longer seem terribly interested in listening.
Hopefully, they can act accordingly.
Solo passages in the first two movements hover between the very difficult and the totally unreasonable.
People swim in the river now.
March 19 at 1 p.m. Tickets: $7.
He's very difficult to drive for," Larry Foyt said, smiling.
Similar instant information is now available in other industries.
"Honey, they already took your arm," Stephen Halfaker said.
Mr. Spitzer's office and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating the questionable use of a product known as finite reinsurance, which can be used to make a company appear financially stronger than it really is.
The most delicate phase is expected to be the final four miles -- to be traveled early Sunday -- where sidewalks, lampposts, flowerbeds and electrical wires for trams, buses and trains have been temporarily removed from the streets along which the sub will crawl at a speed of less than two miles an hour.
"Obviously," he said, "any time we lose life it is a sad moment."
ONE scientist who objects to Consumer Freedom's statistical nit-picking is Katherine M. Flegal, a senior research scientist at the C.D.C.
A GROUP OF DEVELOPERS is attempting to establish Las Vegas as a wholesale furniture hub to rival places like San Francisco and High Point, N.C.
The surest signal of approaching Labor Day is the appearance of black clothes on the sidewalks.
"You have to be pragmatic about these things," Mr. Benepe said.
Some were so bad at it that I guess I did most of it.
What's shared is a dual consciousness, a sense of partial citizenship, a knowledge that rights and even identity shift uneasily at the border between one jurisdiction and another.
She needn't have fretted much.
Nor are we told that Robert Lowell would spend the later and incoherently copious part of his career making sure that he would never again attain the rhetorical magnificence of the opening lines of "Man and Wife."
Ms. Coletti said that beyond the colleges on the College Board list, others will require the test but did not want to be listed.
Irwin D. Simon, Hain's chief executive, said the company's work with McDonald's was part of a marketing strategy that began about three years ago "because of a demand for healthier products within the food-service area."
Grief comes in waves, paroxysms, sudden apprehensions that weaken the knees and blind the eyes and obliterate the dailiness of life.
But it surely would not have been able to strike roots in such fertile ground.
But in his State of the State address in January, Governor Pataki named the Mohawk Valley as the location for the homeland security training center.
STONY BROOK--Named Dariel Collazo men's assistant soccer coach.
Sony plans to use the new Cell in its PlayStation 3, likely to be introduced in 2006, and Toshiba plans to use the chip in advanced high-definition televisions, also to be introduced next year.
After nearly two years in which Shockley was unable to forge a corporate direction, his brilliant central group left en masse to found Fairchild Semiconductor.
A small group of Procter employees gained access to the plant on the Friday after the storm swept through.
Mayor Nagin has said the federal presence proves how safe the city is after widespread looting and violence in the first days after Hurricane Katrina.
But what makes this tiny, rural enclave in Litchfield County "Christmas Town" is its beloved post office.
Egyptian Investor Moves Ahead in Telecom Bidding Naguib Sawiris, an Egyptian telecommunications magnate with ambitious growth plans, got the green light over the weekend to attempt what would be the largest ever leveraged buyout in Europe, of Italy's Wind telecommunications business.
Elderhostel also offers a 13-night program to Italy next July 1, geared to ages 9 to 11, focusing on Rome, with lectures and walking tours (including a treasure hunt), Sorrento, Naples and Pompeii, with an optional hike up Mount Vesuvius; more departure dates may be added; prices are not yet set.
His more refined Jewish companion replies, "Don't delude yourself."
Call us what you like: outsiders or misfits -- we're not sure where we belong: maybe limboville for ever and ever.
What worries some Democrats, they say privately, is that, regardless of potential budget battles or policy positions, Mrs. Rell has retained the image of the genuinely earnest politician she had as a legislator.
The temporary residents scrub their laundry on a concrete slab or wash their clothes by hand in buckets, laying them to dry over the top of a chain-link fence.
Ms. Kupper's sense is that "they often don't see history from the human perspective, that these were people going through real things and not just dates and places."
Through Feb 27 Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Free.
"We found there was no blasphemy in the articles at all," Mr. Raheen said in an interview.
Ms. Jamison had some competition from Roberta Flack, an honorary head of the gala (with the actor Taye Diggs), in sly speechifying.
Of course, eating and driving is not exactly safe.
What You'll Find Of the 7,792 housing units in the unincorporated section of Eastchester, 53 percent are single-family homes, 32 percent are co-ops, and the remainder are rental apartments, according to Richard D. O'Donnell, the town's assessor.
If the independent investigation identifies conditions that need to be improved, the statement said, Reebok will correct the problems.
"Except we have thousands of successful homeowners who have purchased, so obviously a crash would hurt many of them."
The debt to MTV is clear.
Receiver Rhema McKnight called Mendoza "a big, angry beast," which is not necessarily an uncomplimentary remark in football culture.
At the Washington Ballet almost 20 percent of the dancers are from Latin America or Puerto Rico.
This just happens to be gay."
Thursday was the first day of the Group of 8 talks, led by Mr. Blair at Gleneagles, near Edinburgh.
The couple, who closed on the deal on April 7, got a corner apartment that was combined from two original units, a one-bedroom and a two-bedroom, with a total of three bathrooms.
The ratings for "The Apprentice," "Fear Factor" and "The Bachelor" fell last season, and some of the most-hyped new reality shows (many of them rip-offs) were embarrassing flops, including "The Benefactor," "The Next Great Champ" and Fox's copy of "The Apprentice," a show called "The Rebel Billionaire."
Nevertheless, there are bargains to be found.
Hours -- Lunch, Tuesdays through Fridays, noon to 2:30 p.m. Dinner, Tuesdays through Saturdays, 5 to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 5:30 to 9 p.m. Brunch, Sundays, two seatings at noon and 2:30 p.m. Reservations -- Usually necessary.
Angry erstwhile backers can enhance such an aura.
The two-wing, L-shaped motel, two stories on one side, three on the other, sits on leafy Union Avenue in a neighborhood of neatly tended single-family homes and apartment buildings.
Now, with the pace of insurgent attacks rising across Iraq and scores being killed daily in bombings and mass executions, Tal Afar and the surrounding area is becoming something of a test case for a strategy to try to break the cycle: using battle-hardened American forces working in conjunction with tribal leaders to clear out the insurgents and then leaving behind Iraqi forces to try to keep the peace.
Reluctantly, they got into the truck.
A kind and thoughtful man, Don could be counted on to conduct his professional duties with a unique personal touch.
"They think just because these people have vouchers, they can charge New Orleans prices," said Michael Fuchtman, a counselor at the Fort Smith-Sebastian County Housing Authority.
Mr. Martimucci said he asked her if she was all right, and that she said, "No, someone's trying to get me."
And whereas Heights residents used to have to travel to Park Slope for shopping and nightlife, such trips are no longer necessary.
I begged off, saying I hadn't even known that my dad was in Mississippi and had talked to him since the attack only about his injuries and family matters.
Still, the administration provoked a political furor when officials with the drug policy office seemed to play down results of a National Association of Counties survey, released in July, in which 500 local law enforcement officials nationwide called meth their No.1 scourge.
There is too much hope in her boldness.
Christine Crosby, founder of Grand, a magazine in St. Petersburg, Fla., aimed at grandparents, took a similar tack.
Dig into some Son of Sam, two Mets World Series championships, a World's Fair and a Zodiac Killer.
It was a children's-only casino, set up on Nov. 5 at the Capitol Theater in Port Chester, as part of Jacob Rapkin's bar mitzvah celebration.
Beloved mother of Susan and Joel Cantos, and grandmother of Lisa Cantos.
Spring and fall are especially frenetic times for image consultants as fashion greenhorns switch out their closets and shop for the next season.
BELSKIE MUSEUM "The Photographic World of Walter LeCroy -- Color, Light, Patterns and Forms," exhibition and sale.
The best-known example is that of Samuel D. Waksal, the former chief executive of ImClone Systems, who pleaded guilty to charges that he tipped off family members to sell shares shortly before an unfavorable regulatory ruling.
By itself, it appears, DNA cannot explain it any more than you can infer the United States Constitution from the traffic laws of Topeka.
They visit the bathrooms, where the walls are papered with band stickers and graffiti.
"Consolidation in this sphere was not our idea," Mr. Khristenko said.
(Photo by Tomas Munita/Associated Press)
"My love of music is much stronger than my love of my own image.
I have never heard their delicacies and their strengths better defined than on Sunday.
Benchmarks: Understands instances of political conflict and terrorism in modern society; Understands the definition of “fundamentalism,” and the political objectives of militant religious movements in various countries of the world, as well as the social and economic factors that contribute to the growth of these movements; Understands the motivations, moral imperatives, and goals of specific separatist movements around the globe and the potential impact on the affected populations Language Arts Standard 1 – Demonstrates competence in the general skills and strategies of the writing process.
He was for years painfully estranged from George, and stoically endured a string of increasingly painful ailments, all the while waiting in vain for a knighthood or the laureateship.
Hey, I directed you in "Virginia Woolf" in college.
Mr. Hsueh was found sitting in a chair with a bullet wound in his head, investigators said, and his wife was found on the floor, with several bullet wounds, including one in her back.
Write a profile of this president and preservationist.
The meeting of the senior aides, who in private never actually broke contact, was announced as an American diplomat, William J. Burns, arrived here after talks with the Egyptian president, Hosni Mubarak.
Kashmir, with its fantastically florid beauty, is a place where cultures meet.
Sometime his boss damned him with faint praise.
This may explain, for example, the beautiful wet-on-wet tendrils of the mane and tail of the manic rearing steed in the impossibly heroic image of Napoleon crossing the Alps (1800-1).
"Awed by this whole circle of movie people" he has married into, he is keeping them afloat, which only increases their disdain.
As for those who allege there were two poets, Schmidt rightly scoffs, it's "as though Shakespeare could not have written 'The Comedy of Errors' and 'Othello.'
A breakthrough of sorts came in April, when ZMP Inc., a company based in Tokyo, released Nuvo, a robot designed to be a helpmate and home companion.
What are we doing in Guantánamo?
Warm duck sausage came with grilled wax beans and pickled kumquats.
I never think of myself as being in a minority of women directing on Broadway.
It was not clear how the boy got out the window, but there appeared ample space for a small child to push though the space above the window guard if the window was fully open.
And thanks to her cracking of the whip, the tiger came back.
There is a consulting service to help companies develop their own products for the 50-plus crowd.
One of Dr. Pettit's tasks on the Taylor Glacier is also to determine precisely how the ice is moving.
8 P.M. (History) MODERN MARVELS -- "Bathroom Tech."
She graduated cum laude from Harvard and received her medical degree from Cornell University Medical College.
At a certain point, on or around Sept. 11, 2001, their relationship became symbiotic.
"Select from these all the organisms with abdominal spinnerets to produce silk -- about 38,000 species.
2 East 91st Street, (212)849-8400.
You can also zoom in to see details and navigate around the surface of the walls.
She had more than 400,000 miles in her Northwest Airlines account by taking annual trips home to Finland from Detroit.
* PETER BERNSTEIN TRIO, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212)576-2232.
This might sound a little dumb, but if you play the game, you will find it is much dumber than it sounds.
Maybe he can jump up and catch one for us."
But if you're willing to start planning now for next summer, Voyage to the Lands of Gods and Heroes, a 13-day cruise around Italy and Greece, offers a hands-on introduction to classical culture.
Why not treat those thousands of lower-income homeowners with the respect due to them as citizens, rather than as the objects of social experiments?
Still, there was one thing that bidding for Beckett might have done: keep a 25-year-old ace away from the Red Sox.
Beijing has invited all 60 members of the legislature here to visit nearby mainland Chinese cities on Sunday and Monday.
10 30 THE CURIOUS INCIDENT OF THE DOG IN THE NIGHT-TIME, by Mark Haddon.
And so far, anyway, most legislators have been guarded.
Many women remember crying or wanting to cry at some point in their careers, especially when they were starting out.
Typical symptoms of sinusitis depend on which cavity or cavities are involved.
The plans are likely to appeal to voters on Staten Island, a Republican stronghold that is considered essential to Mr. Bloomberg in the coming mayoral race.
Before the destruction, Montserrat had developed a niche as a haven for jet-setters and rockers like Eric Clapton and Paul McCartney with its get-away-from-it-all atmosphere.
Other new landmarks include Montgomery Place, Olana and Yankee Stadium.
Some activists argued that such meetings should also be as open to the public as possible.
Mr. Kashef, the member of Parliament, said much money came from remittances from people working in the Persian Gulf countries, like Saudi Arabia.
Indeed, the group's role in opposition to Mr. Purcell will very likely reach its peak next year at the time of Morgan Stanley's annual meeting.
Tony, it turned out, had shot a fine seven-point buck, in one of those rare moments when the fog lifted.
Mr. Toussaint added that he was the one who pointed out that the authority did not honor the birthday of the Rev.
"Last week they were allowed to visit everywhere at the complex, do interviews and take samples," Mr. Larijani said in the interview.
Of course, there is always the debate whether objects made by so-called primitive peoples for religious or ritualistic reasons constitute art.
"Whether it's the great public buildings like the Metropolitan Museum, or the grand palatial houses from the early 20th century like the Frick mansion, or the great apartment houses that were built in the 1920's, particularly along Fifth Avenue and Park Avenue, quite a number of the best buildings are limestone-faced buildings."
Besides drag and cabaret shows, the bar and club events include happy-hour barbecues, bingo evenings and late-night dance parties.
Members of your profession, unlike many others, do not have to take any oath of professional conduct, nor pass any official test of competency, nor obtain any license.
"I relish the chance in that I need to step up as a leader," Greisen said.
In lieu of flowers contributions may be made to Cornelia N. Davis Health Care Center, 1007 Porters Neck Rd, Wilmington, NC 28411.
The forces driving cultural inequality are powerful, and maybe insurmountable.
Two new buildings -- large, serious-looking structures -- have risen next to the old stadium like big blockers in a pass pocket.
"In two weeks' time, we are going to get G.D.P.," he said, referring to the report on the nation's gross domestic product, "and it's probably about 4 percent growth, which is pretty strong."
Family and friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St., Sunday, January 2 and Monday, January 3, 7-9 PM.
Nick Cannon (left), who starred in the 2002 film "Drumline," leads a team of comedians in a new reality-competition series in which putdowns and ridiculous situations are the norm.
Accepting Phish's award for best tour, the bassist Mike Gordon still sounded disappointed about the split.
Asked where he usually painted them, the artist, a thin young man wearing a baseball cap, smiled and did not exactly answer the question.
Tokeneke families also benefit from Darien's well-financed (school spending is $11,500 per student), state-of-the-art school facilities.
Randolph inserted Hernandez after Aaron Heilman had put runners on first and third with no outs in the seventh.
"Having three homes is great for a marriage," Mrs. Leff said.
He sports a spiffy blond Tintin cowlick and no-nonsense weatherproof jackets (after completing his M.F.A.
She was fierce in her dedication to excellence and continued support of humanitarian causes.
"There is a time to resist, to stand up and to confront the enemy by arms if necessary," he said.
But he said the Navy had briefed the rest of its submarine captains on maintaining "a skeptical attitude" about the charts.
"She goes, 'I like to read my books,"' Ms. Reiss said, "like that makes her better than me."
"He was just missing his spots."
Lure's owners, John McDonald and Josh Pickard, who opened Lever House in late 2003, understand that scene is as potent a magnet as cuisine.
Which will prove livelier and which more enduring remains to be seen.
"There's zero shame involved in launching a fund and failing," said one fund of funds manager who, like many executives in the ultrasecretive hedge fund universe, asked not to be identified.
His fight with De La Hoya attracted a robust one million pay-per-view purchases largely because of De La Hoya's years as a popular attraction.
The invited guests that night were executives from EADS North America, the American military subsidiary of the parent company to Airbus, which is considering sites in Alabama as well as in three other states for a possible new $500 million manufacturing plant.
Mr. Vazquez was there to catch him.
Loving aunt of Nathan, Franklin and Joel.
The documentary showcases a U.F.O.
By the end of his long, productive life, Mr. Kennan had become a phenomenon in international affairs, with seminars held and books written to debate and analyze his extraordinary influence on American policy during the cold war.
"If Idiris were my child, I'd be furious," Mr. Soucie said.
The hairstylist doesn't show up."
Less than a quarter of Michigan residents have college degrees, the report noted, reflecting an era when workers who lacked even a high school diploma could land lucrative jobs in auto plants.
The Web site, called "Kevin Sites in the Hot Zone" (hotzone.yahoo.com) will focus entirely on Mr. Sites's travels as a war correspondent and will use nearly every kind of format the Internet allows.
Survived by her sister Anne B. Rienhoff & nephew Chadwick Pfeiffer and many cousins.
It is the most important element in our success."
That is a stabilizing treaty," he said.
He says that he believes Mr. Jackson is heterosexual and that he has no reason to believe Mr. Jackson has a sexual interest in young boys.
The New York State attorney general's office is conducting an investigation of the foundation, and has been "very involved" in selecting the new board members, Ms. Hamilton said.
Mr. Nolan shouted unreservedly at Mr. Cavanaugh, whose tenuous status with the team is a continuing theme in the book.
The bill probably comes too late to save 2 Columbus Circle, where scaffolding began to rise this month.
Nonetheless, there is much that they share, notably a pointedly cosmopolitan frame of reference and an eclectic internationalism that embraces -- or, rather, defiantly refuses to disown -- European thinkers (the Italian philosopher Giorgio Agamben, the Slovenian mischief-maker Slavoj Zizek) and novelists (the scandalous Michel Houellebecq, whose recent study of H.P.
Optioned INF Mike Fontenot to Iowa.
As he prepares a terror attack, he bides his time in the New Jersey home of his best friend, who asks about the drastic changes in his personality: "What happened to the kid who loved Duran Duran?"
(How much should your credit card charge?
Service Tuesday, 11:15 am, at "The Riverside," 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
"A lot of people are accused of that, but he actually did it."
To the Editor: Re "Signs of Life After Arafat" (editorial, Jan. 11): Although people of good will share the hope that the emergence of a new political landscape after Yasir Arafat's death and the election of Mahmoud Abbas signal improved prospects for a peaceful settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, we must be careful not to let our desires blind us to the difficulties that lie ahead.
That gave the Giants a first-and-10 at the 12.
But in his day Dukas, who died in 1935 in Paris, was a highly respected composer, teacher and critic, though his catalog of completed works is inexplicably meager.
The number of attempted crossings into the two Spanish enclaves has surged in the past three years.
And from an organization and team standpoint, we will do everything that we're supposed to do and beyond."
Among the big names are Intel, a bellwether for the already struggling technology sector, whose shares fell 5 percent last week, and Caterpillar, a company whose earnings and stock price are hurt when economic growth slows.
Happily, most of the Andamans' Negritos seem to have survived December's tsunami.
"Other people that want, you know, the star-studded, all the underlying stories and all that, they probably won't be too intrigued."
After a decline of 2.16 percent last month in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, he said, "the prospects appear to be favorable for a year-end rally."
Gearfinder.com, operated by the Rodale Press Backpacker magazine, is designed to help shoppers sort through more than 1,000 items with product reviews, said Jonathan Dorn, the magazine's executive editor.
It's just going against a live defense.
The bottle, said the pilot, John Gladsky, was "a daily allocation" for the Geraldina's crew.
Lawmakers expect the first major test over the push for spending cuts to occur when they receive the next emergency spending request for the hurricane.
Terence Risby, a professor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, agreed that breath analysis held great allure and that it was likely to prove popular with patients, especially children.
The First Symphony, with all its agitations, was a tough way for a part-time orchestra to begin an evening.
Fuel cells are devices that use the chemical energy of hydrogen to produce electricity, and may prove a superior way to power vehicles electrically, as well as for heating, cooling, and general electrical supply.
Sponsored by Vintage New York Tours.
"Wives can't stand it if they are in perpetual construction, when their husbands squeeze in the work on nights and weekends," she said, especially if the family ends up with no kitchen or bathroom for four years.
And then, pointing his finger in our Boldface correspondent's face, he added, "But we'll get her, we'll get her."
"You just know whether to go or not to go.
declared a sign that had been taped to the bathroom door.
In 1995 she and two collaborators won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for identifying the genes that guide the transformation of a single cell into an embryo.
(Photo by Andrew Redington/Getty Images)
For older refugees from New Orleans, like Ms. Reddick's grandmother, there may be no moving beyond their little pocket of the Crescent City.
I've been playing it every day.
Mr. Spinola, however, insisted that the effort did not originate with Mr. Doctoroff.
Further, critics object to the way the synagogue's board of directors and the mayor have acted in bringing in the yeshiva.
New York, Aug. 18, 2005 The writer is a professor of clinical medicine at New York University
"I think he's a player that we'll just have to see where he goes," the team president, Isiah Thomas, said.
"Our program in New York is all about commissioning contemporary art," he countered, and "it hasn't been hard attracting board members."
Frank Manzione, a lifelong resident of the area and the owner of the oldest real estate firm in the neighborhood, Frank P. Manzione Real Estate, at 228 Columbia, says that the typical mixed-used building on the street, which went for $700,000 two years ago, is now just under $1 million.
The rapture began last January, when critics wrote that U.S.C., not Oklahoma, should have played in last year's national championship game in New Orleans against Louisiana State.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, appearing yesterday at a Coney Island hospital, dismissed the speaker's new proposal -- and, seemingly, prospects for negotiation over the station sites.
That has certainly proved true in the past, particularly in Africa, where the poor have stayed poor while a succession of despots have run country after country into the ground.
"I do lots of things around the back of the stage that are not seen by the audience," Ms. Ayre said.
But what workers say in a survey may not translate into good business.
A sign on Washington Avenue explains that in 1912, guards at a copper wire factory on the Hudson shore in the village shot into a crowd of strikers, killing one.
Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.
In "Sunset Boulevard" (1950), Holden is a young writer involved with an aging, reclusive, washed-up silent film star (Gloria Swanson).
Benchmarks: Knows ways in which science distinguishes itself from other ways of knowing and from other bodies of knowledge; Knows that scientific explanations must meet certain criteria to be considered valid; Understands how scientific knowledge changes and accumulates over time; Knows that from time to time, major shifts occur in the scientific view of how the world works, but usually the changes that take place in the body of scientific knowledge are small modifications of prior knowledge This lesson plan may be used to address the academic standards listed above.
"It's on the edge between the urban, man-made architecture and the landscape, the park across the street," Mr. Hodges said.
They were accompanied by a second type of bill that set the policies and conditions governing the expenditure, and that could be changed.
He will conduct it in works of Wolfgang Rihm, Benedict Mason and (inevitably) Mr. Ligeti -- who also appears alongside Mahler and Beethoven in the Bamberg programs.
Still, its franchise to run the racetracks expires after 2007, and the State Legislature has established an oversight board that could take over the operations of the tracks if the association does not overcome its legal problems.
Why would you say such a thing?"
The bridegroom's grandfather Dr. Baruj Benacerraf was a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1980 for discoveries related to the human immune response gene.
The elder Mr. Roy remembers the 1950's and '60's as a golden era, when everything seemed possible.
"There is no reason why we should be losing like this on our home court," said James, who finished with a team-high 24 points.
agents have searched the house and two offices of the mayor pro tem and two other businesses in an investigation whose subject was not disclosed.
The authentic article in six movements goes back and forth between inspired nostalgia, sedate good manners and vicious tests of virtuosity.
It has the requisite beach look: white-on-white linen couches, beds and pillows, wood carvings, candles and tiki torches.
"It was Carson who first told me: 'If you come on the "Tonight" show, you'll humanize opera.
Google Base would offer users a similar function.
Watch how their eyes keep brushing over each other, sometimes with brutal briskness, but sometimes warmly as well.
You are young and foolish.
There was little allure to a team in an unappealing stadium in Chiba, a trek from Tokyo.
These efforts have already created an environment in which politicians from the right party and businessmen with the right connections believe, with good reason, that they have immunity.
Gone was the blond Afro.
She moved to Austin that winter, planning to take a year off and then return to New York.
Another of her plays, "Under the Bridge," is currently playing at the Zipper Theater in Manhattan.
"Quiet is required from us," Mr. Abbas said.
Mr. Ginibre, editorial director of Hachette Filipacchi magazines in New York and evidently a passionate film enthusiast, has gathered more than 700 photos and stills from films to track the transvestite trend in cinema.
The present exhibition consists of three six-foot sculptures in Cor-Ten steel, all from 1965, installed among dogwood, pine and maple trees on the lawn in front of park headquarters.
Older residents, many of whom took advantage of the galloping real estate appreciation of recent years when they sold their houses, say they like the convenience of being able to walk everywhere, as well as the vitality of an urban environment without Manhattan's noise, crowds and crime.
Doubles with shared hall baths are $105; rooms with bath are $124.
AIX-LES-BAINS, France, June 4 - Looking and sounding at ease, Lance Armstrong prepared Saturday to end a long break from bicycle racing as he headed toward next month's defense of his domination in the Tour de France.
In measuring the legacy of Eziba, a loan of $500,000 from Vermont's Chittenden Bank could loom large.
Widor's "Toccata" from Symphony No.
Once it reaches the circulatory system, it's a near-instant flume ride to the central nervous system.
Having analyzed initial public offering statements since 1991, Ms. Killian has a long-term view of how governance is practiced at new companies and how those practices have changed.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan, Oct. 11 - Four days after an earthquake devastated northern Pakistan, pelting hail and rain, along with a shortage of helicopters, prevented rescuers from reaching thousands of survivors still trapped in isolated Himalayan villages on Tuesday, Pakistani officials said.
The original charges, unsealed on May 27, gave no details about his accuser, who has been identified in unrelated court cases also as Lily Cates Naify.
What really matters is not a one-time spike in prices, but whether people believe prices will remain stable over the long run.
An exasperated Pierzynski said, "Maybe we need to get in a fight to get the team going."
Democrats criticized Mr. Bush's proposals as ineffective for average consumers.
The proprietors of most of the stores are growing old, and the younger people seem restless, either running in place or scheming to move on.
"In the world outside of foster care," he wrote, "most parents and health care providers would not tolerate a child attending an appointment alone, or being escorted solely by persons with little knowledge of the child's history, needs and daily experiences."
Rahlves spent the summer working to master the variables that are under his control.
The scientists, led by Gordana Mrdjenovic, a Cornell graduate student, tested 17 preschoolers to see exactly what they were eating and how much.
Giovanni Martinelli's "Memento Mori (Death Comes to the Dinner Table)" seems to be on an entirely different conceptual tack: it's an old-fashion allegory, as didactic as a medieval sermon.
One of his research assistants, Alex, rode along; 50 Cent was on the stereo.
Mr. Bloomberg personally selected Mr. Klein, a former federal prosecutor best known for leading the antitrust action against Microsoft.
Like many direct-sales consultants, she enlists friends, neighbors and others to hold parties.
Leonard A. Lauder, Chairman Robert J. Hurst, President Adam D. Weinberg, Director $(6$)TISCH--Preston Robert.
As he poked around his chaotic studio, overlooking a former lumberyard here, he cheerfully reeled off tale after tale about what he has sought and what he has found.
A precipitous withdrawal at this point would be counterproductive.
There was still time to join Joyce and Jack, who had had their own full day of skiing, on the Hotel Portetta sun deck with a bottle of local Savoie wine.
In this Saturday's "Corner" -- the second of the series -- Mr. Rollins and Daryl Hannah will discuss Kevin Bacon's gritty new film,"The Woodsman."
It added that 80 percent to 97 percent of the food products now aimed at children and teenagers are of "poor nutritional quality."
A full list is available on www.hort.uconn.edu/cipwg.
Ms. Queler drew an involving performance from the orchestra and the New York Choral Society, though there were forgivable shaky moments and stretches of inert dramatic recitative.
"My daughter said she heard him saying, 'Don't do that, don't do that.'
Take-Two Interactive, which acquired two video game development studios from Sega International last year, has formed a new sports games unit called 2K, which will publish a series of games called N.B.A.
Iran rejected the proposal, tore the United Nations seals off its stores of nuclear materials in a uranium conversion plant in Isfahan and began processing them again, insisting that it had no intention of ceasing its nuclear program permanently.
For the moment, there seems little danger of overdevelopment.
The battle, which has been called the largest labor uprising in American history, was the culmination of years of strife.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14 - President Bush's top fund-raisers, who gathered a record sum in a marathon campaign, have shown that they can sprint, as well, collecting up to $40 million in six weeks for the inaugural celebrations.
Thomas acknowledged that the Knicks were aware of an incident last year in which Curry had to be taken to the hospital after experiencing chest pains and light-headedness during a practice with the Bulls.
Chinese art is sought by collectors and curators from around the world, and major museums across China vie to hold the most attention-getting contemporary art exhibitions.
The list goes on: according to Ms. Denkert, MGM has either optioned, is negotiating to option or is developing about 30 titles, most as musicals, including two Pink Panther movies; "Get Shorty," the 1995 John Travolta hit; and the most famous dead-boss movie of all time.
Many tenants in the wedding-cake of a building at the corner of 104th Street were able to afford homes with Hudson River sunsets and 24-hour doormen only because crime and grime in the 1970's and 1980's put a hex on the blocks north of 96th Street.
The game was scoreless in a listless second half, but a Miami drive that began on its 3-yard line left fans in the Doak Campbell Stadium record crowd of 84,347 on the edge of their seats.
None of the Americans were seriously injured, but four were flown out of Iraq for medical treatment, the statement said.
In order to determine how far the choking dust cloud spread from ground zero after the World Trade Center collapsed, federal officials are planning, for the first time, to look for a telltale sign of the dust in apartment buildings and workplaces along part of the Brooklyn waterfront and as far north as Houston Street in Lower Manhattan.
Do different regions’ news reports reflect a particular bias about the events?
Yet Ms. Pirro's advisers also believe that in a Senate race, the candidates' husband issues could cancel each other out.
"People used to view Prospect Heights as an alternative to the Slope," said Peggy Aguayo, co-owner of the Aguayo & Huebener Realty Group in Brooklyn.
In that deal, he repaid the co-op $4.7 million in restitution, interest and professional fees and then put his duplex on the market and moved with his family to Greenwich, Conn.
That was our joke -- it was too rich for us."
In short, if it was last Wednesday, it must have been the prime minister of Turkey.
Establishing incentives to encourage nations to report flu outbreaks quickly and fully.
Those accepted into Ghana as refugees will be relocated to camps.
John Nester, a spokesman for the S.E.C., said that as a matter of policy the agency "does not confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations."
That's true to some extent, unless, of course, an island owner grants a conservation easement that prohibits or limits development.
Mr. van Beuren and his wife, Helene, who also have homes in Bryn Mawr, Pa., and in Rhode Island, did not return phone calls.
Tonight she presents the premiere of "Five Lovers," a song cycle in which her original poems, about a recently divorced woman trying to reinvent herself in New York, are set to music by Lori Laitman, Luna Pearl Woolf and Paul Moravec.
For a brief moment she thought her son had come home.
These were the first such Syrian missile tests since 2001, the Israelis said, and were part of a Syrian missile development project using North Korean technology and designed, the Israelis contend, to deliver air-burst chemical weapons.
14th Street Y, 344 East 14th Street, East Village, (212)868-4444.
If there is a 4-to-4 tie, the court has two choices: it can announce the result, which has the effect of affirming the lower court's opinion without setting a precedent for future cases, or it can restore the case to the calendar for a new argument.
The 50 nations attending the conference together pledged $4.5 billion.
But the populace did not want a display of emotional austerity and self-control.
David Zumwalt, the chief executive of Privacy Inc., a company that provides e-mail monitoring and filtering services, suggests that we fall for phishing campaigns not just because "the sophistication of phishing e-mails and phishing Web sites has improved significantly," he wrote in the company's Web log, but also "because, well, some of us are just gullible."
But Admiral Church also said there were indications in both cases "that medical personnel may have attempted to misrepresent the circumstances of the death, possibly in an effort to disguise detainee abuse," and noted that the Army's surgeon general was reviewing "the specific medical handling" of those cases and one other.
The plane then careens off the end of the runway.
Still, over the last few years, deals like Lenovo's acquisition of the personal computer unit of I.B.M.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican, vetoed a bill that would have provided access to coverage for all uninsured children in that state, saying that he believed children should be insured but that the bill failed to detail how to pay for the plan.
Partisan redistricting puts the interests of political parties ahead of the voters.
His comments, made at a joint appearance with the Bronx borough president, Adolfo Carrión Jr., come as Mr. Ferrer campaigns more aggressively on his theme that there are two New Yorks, which opponents have labeled divisive in the past.
I don't view this as a plus -- 20 years ago, it led me to the fateful error of ignoring the "cute" Macintosh and sticking with the more "efficient" DOS-based PC -- so I look for ways to expand my horizons.
The bill, which is similar to legislation passed in New York City and Suffolk County, would apply to all employees of private businesses doing any work under a contract with the county.
"This is not about saving jobs in the United States."
The agent, Pat Brisson, said he had had preliminary negotiations with teams in Sweden and Switzerland and had also talked with teams in Russia.
Martha Clara has also released a 2003 dry riesling ($15) and 2003 dry gewürztraminer ($21).
In addition, they said, Palestinians and those who defend them are being discriminated against by academia, and by these two universities in particular.
For years, book authors have used the Internet to publicize their work and to keep in touch with readers.
h. To what historical event does Senator John Kerry compare the actions of Saddam Hussein’s forces?
Gen. Kevin P. Byrnes, head of the Army's Training and Doctrine Command, said in a statement that General Fast would take command of the Army's Intelligence Center at Fort Huachuca, Ariz., on Wednesday.
That end has been coming gradually over the course of three decades, with the help of the private sector, nonprofit groups and several government agencies.
devices, digital cameras and MP3 players.
Jamaica has a well-earned reputation for homophobia and murderous violence against gay people, most recently the murder of an internationally known AIDS outreach worker, Steve Harvey, after he was abducted from his home at gunpoint.
The cabinet adviser, Ghalib Abdul Mahdi, who is also the brother of Vice President Adel Abdul Mahdi, a Shiite, was killed along with his driver on their way to work in the capital on Sunday morning, government officials reported.
Last week, the Israeli authorities ordered the expropriation of some of the land needed to build the barrier, according to the Civil Administration, which oversees Israel's activities in the West Bank.
He will make his third consecutive start Monday night, when the Jets (2-4) play the Atlanta Falcons (4-2) at the Georgia Dome.
When one of her daughters became pregnant at 13, Ms. Brown took custody of her granddaughter and raised her, too, until the girl's mother took her back this year.
So what if Koo was probably out?
Born and raised in the Bronx, the only child of an Italian immigrant and his Italian-American wife, he entered Manhattan's avant-garde circle in the late 60's as a poet.
Starters include chicken kabobs in peanut sauce ($3.25, at 29 rupees to the dollar) and shrimp tandoori ($6), and specials include bouillabaisse ($9.25) and curried prawns ($9.50).
García, who joined the PGA Tour in 1999, has six career victories and is often in contention at majors.
With your stomach full from Beano's celebrated dessert menu, feel blessed that the Sn0-Cat sleigh takes diners down the hill, too.
In her view, people are more likely to abstain from sex once they fully understand its power.
The 2005 bounce follows a 34 percent plunge in the dollar over the previous three years against the euro.
Mr. Stern's union, the Service Employees International Union, kicked off an effort to unionize 8,000 janitors in Houston, even though the state of Texas is particularly hostile to organized labor.
One earnest juror will not deliberate.
When Brett Scallions, the lead singer of the grunge band Fuel, let slip a four-letter word that might have drawn cheers from a different crowd, he immediately apologized.
As they analyzed Boston Scientific's competing takeover bid, many analysts saw logic as well as genius in the $25 billion proposal.
But Johnson was not there yet.
The Mountaineers have about 150 plays, more than some football teams, with names like Wolf, Fox, Doughnuts and Banana Cuts.
He said the three-star restaurants "are not French.
Testing for EPO and other biological performance enhancers is difficult because the injected drug is practically an exact copy of a substance that normally exists in the body.
If Steinbrenner lets Cashman make the call, leaving the Yankees would be a calculated risk.
Indeed, Watergate and the Vietnam War, especially with the publication of the Pentagon Papers in 1971, set the stage for a particularly hostile relationship between journalists in the mainstream media -- "the elites," as Nixon liked to call them -- and the political establishment.
The draft accord commits North Korea to scrap all of its existing nuclear weapons and nuclear production facilities, to rejoin the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, and to readmit international nuclear inspectors.
He is also trying to move away from what he calls the nucleus of the problem with tap today: the belief that the form can't cultivate younger and bigger audiences while staying true to its roots.
Which leads to the question: how relevant are a nominee's religious views?
"These games are so much more exciting, more interactive," Mr. Sayles said, speaking over the onstage announcer who was continuing his "shoutcast" match commentary.
Separate bedrooms can be costly.
The decision was one of three crucial moments in her judicial career in which she seemed to have been guided by the hand of Karl Rove, Mr. Bush's chief political strategist.
He said he told the Volcker panel in December that he had authorized the destruction of the copies, called "chron" files, because his secretaries had complained that they were running out of filing space.
"Get fired, it's all gone, everybody goes down."
There are attractive slow-motion sequences during the concerto's second movement, and the finale is notable for its quick entrances and exits, But Mr. Uralsky's choreographic invention only fitfully matches the power of the score.
Some municipalities have started subsidized housing programs that provide various types of assistance to new homeowners.
Lingerie inspired baby-doll dresses and a fitted two-piece outfit with insets of tulle.
And on Saturday, Iraqi election officials in Baghdad began examining ballot boxes from six polling sites in the capital that were the subject of fraud allegations.
When those people die, they take the memories with them.
The work, "Study of a Male Torso," is one of a small group of late drawings that some scholars believe relate to a figure of Christ for a Pietà.
Judge McMahon dismissed the case as without merit.
Dame Eileen Atkins, left, will succeed Cherry Jones in the role of Sister Aloysius in John Patrick Shanley's Pulitzer Prize- and Tony Award-winning "Doubt," beginning on Jan. 10 at the Walter Kerr Theater.
On average, by 2010, people who make under $100,000 and owe the alternative tax will pay an additional $1,321 in federal income taxes, while alternative tax payers who make between $100,000 and $200,000 will owe an additional $2,592.
To the woman in silver lamé who shimmies in on a weekday morning to the radio's "Killing Me Softly," while wordlessly offering a compression drill, Mr. Onkey replies, sotto voce: "No.
Yet Sassoon and Tennant fell for each other passionately, and traipsed together all over Europe, before the affair eventually dissolved in tears and recriminations and in something like a nervous breakdown on Tennant's part.
And now, of course, he has a fistful of criminal charges, accompanied by an equal number of acquittals.
"People who have a choice experience a greater standard of living," said Richard T. Curtin, director of the University of Michigan's Surveys of Consumers.
With people squeezing into the 199-seat hall at the Ward Melville Heritage Organization's educational center in Stony Brook on Monday night, officials presented a preliminary proposal -- based on a 13-year-old master plan for 52 acres owned by the town on the 150-acre peninsula -- and sought public comment.
"He was working hard to provide for them."
(The Democrats were joined by Senator Lincoln Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island, and Senator Jim Jeffords, Independent of Vermont, to create the 9-9 deadlock.)
Wakefield has limited the Yankees to two earned runs and eight hits in 13 2/3 innings with his knuckler this season.
They're too sweet to have with dessert -- they're often too sweet, period.
People are looking to have pride in their state, which already has a place in sports history: The first intercollegiate football game was played in 1869 at Rutgers.
Legal analysts said Mr. Wells's arrival in the Libby case this week as one of three lead co-counsels signaled that Mr. Libby was anxious to take the case to trial in an effort to clear his name.
She estimated that as many as 800 dogs would be moved to other tracks or "go to farms" or go home with their owners.
Kevin C. Quinn, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki, said he was "disappointed."
"I'd rather go into spring training with more than five starters," Minaya said, his voice trailing off.
The differences in class and style between the two men regularly surface, but for the trial they must act like brothers.
He added: "What was disastrous in Vietnam is that we were suffering a lot of casualties with no obvious gain.
Correction Appended COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 6 - Until January, they saw one another only occasionally, meeting for one weekend a month at the low-slung reserve center near the airport here and then going on drills for two weeks in the summer.
But some districts are adding another tool: alcohol testing.
For now, the first shoeshine bench will go in his own store.
Lily and Snow Flower, two girls growing up in Hunan province in 19th-century China, are matched as laotongs, or "old sames," pledging a lifelong friendship that sees them through arranged marriages, deaths, civil unrest and much more.
WHERE TO EAT AND DRINK With bilingual menus more common and Uzbek, Russian and Indian fare to choose from, eating out in Yuzhno is increasingly varied and enjoyable.
In signing the form, a person declares, "I understand that anyone who knowingly gives a false or misleading statement about a material fact in this information, or causes someone else to do so, commits a crime and may be sent to prison or may face other penalties."
"But they lost confidence on the street, and that was awkward.
"The world would be a much better place if everyone could have a house in Malibu."
COMPARABLES Where Golf Can Be a Way of Life (and We Don't Mean Boca Raton) Information on properties was supplied by the listing companies.
had become more diverse in his nine seasons in the league.
He was Jack Holoham, not Hickey.
Mr. Iger said that after the Hong Kong Disneyland opening ceremony on Monday, he planned to fly on to Beijing "to discuss Disney business initiatives in China in general."
'What of the Night' Based on the writings of Djuna Barnes, created for the stage by Jane Alexander, Noreen Tomassi and Birgitta Trommler.
While we didn't experience it, a few patrons have complained about smoking among the extended émigré families who tend to congregate here on weekends.
Honda sold 309,000 Civics in the United States last year and nearly 400,000 Accords, totaling half the company's sales in the country.
They opened their campaigns with ambitious pledges to bring in more watchdogs, end pay-to-play practices and stop the cronyism that everyone agrees has sullied politics in the state.
Could the reviewer possibly be an amoral and heartless sociopath herself?
He also mimics Bernard's hypercritical, contemptuous manner with his sweet-natured girlfriend, Sophie (Halley Feiffer), whom he may also be punishing for Joan's transgressions.
The pleasures vary from walking beneath their rose-colored umbrella to scanning the rows of trees lining the roads and petals moving with the air.
CUTCHOGUE, N.Y. - THE flat, sandy vineyards out here on the North Fork of Long Island bear little resemblance to noted wine regions anywhere in the world.
Lipsyte's antihero, a loser but unbowed, asserts in endless letters to his alumni magazine that all the others are losers too.
It is also, in these days of data clutter, highly cost-effective.
The rebates also send the wrong signal to Albany, where state lawmakers must determine how much to contribute to the city's needs.
California already had the biggest pool of private biotechnology companies and several academic medical centers, which will now compete for $300 million a year in state funds.
It comforts me to imagine that, during those many hours she spends neither alert nor awake, she returns in her mind to those marvelous hotels and gives orders to the staff.
3 (1963) continues in the same vein, though whole tone harmonies and fleeting churchly chord sequences provide welcome moments of diatonic repose.
"My concern is that a concept that is this complicated and this sophisticated and this potentially interesting will be dead on arrival," she said.
A year ago, after playing in only 38 games for the Red Sox and 43 for the Cubs, he signed a one-year contract with the Cubs for $8 million, figuring he would re-establish himself this year and, as a free agent again, get something closer to the four-year, $60 million offer from the Red Sox he rejected in 2003.
Granted, it is a very bad book.
Her compensation was not disclosed.
On that Monday in 1946, 59 years ago yesterday, all the straphangers who took the subway set a record that has never been broken: 8,872,244 nickels clinked into turnstiles -- more rides recorded by the city's system of subways and elevated trains than on any other day.
machine for presidential candidates" who raise money in the wealthy state.
of trying to kill its tournaments.
"They describe nature in incredible detail, but we often ask 'Where's the fall?"'
HIGH TIMES IN THE SHADOW OF THE KREMLIN GETTING THERE Delta and Aeroflot have direct service from New York.
A computerized, touch-screen tracking system attached to the vault's stainless-steel exterior helps you keep up with the inventory.
Adults hurry to squeeze in a last round of golf or trip to the beach before the rhythm of work returns.
LATER that afternoon, five Vietnamese civilians came into my office looking distraught and afraid.
The two men were arrested Sunday, after raids on four houses in Mainz and Bonn.
But the limited portion of it that we sampled on this night tasted like the output of an undistinguished hotel banquet hall.
Microsoft also announced that it would begin selling versions of its Windows operating system that take advantage of the high-performance computers that run 64-bit processors.
"There's nothing you can do out there defensively to make him flinch," said Chad Johnson, speaking of Palmer.
Vancouver shipped him to the Houston Rockets two months later.
"It's a bunch of directives, memos," he said.
Many fans rushed to buy tickets in hopes of witnessing Barry Bonds's assault on Hank Aaron's career home run record in the Giants' only series at Shea Stadium this season.
The next morning, back in the lobby he looked miserable.
As we slowed our consumption of bread, the food arrived.
The court reasoned that the law infringed on the right of every citizen of Germany, enshrined in its Basic Law, to a court hearing in this country before extradition can take place.
"This theater was so popular that when it was closing they had 250,000 signatures to save it, which at the time was the largest petition ever in the state of Arizona," said Andreas Fuchs, a theater consultant and co-author of "Cinema Treasures," a survey of America's movie palaces.
The bar is very much a part of his identity.
"Business is growing astronomically and there really isn't any end in sight," Mr. Shepard said.
Formerly of Locust Valley, NY, and of late Lee, MA., died peacefully on March, 20, 2005, after suffering Alzheimer's disease.
As Fox looks toward the league championships and World Series, here are two helpful suggestions.
The article mentions that several large airlines have declared bankruptcy in recent times.
Khan was selling not only technology for enriching nuclear fuel and blueprints for nuclear weapons, but also some of the darkest of the bomb makers' arts: the hard-to-master engineering secrets needed to fabricate nuclear warheads.
Q. Ethos water bottles say that the company is donating $1 million a year to clean-water efforts.
Water channels built into the wall to relieve pressure and channels cut by seepage, leaked often.
"We found out he's a winner," Wilder said.
MOSCOW, Dec. 27 - The most outspoken of President Vladimir V. Putin's senior advisers abruptly resigned Tuesday, warning that Russia's nascent political freedoms have been lost and that the Kremlin's economic choices have been poor.
NORTHERN ILLINOISReleased sophomore basketball F Paige Paulsen from his scholarship obligations.
Meanwhile, there is a new name to chew on in the Gallo killing, for which nobody was convicted: Frank Sheeran, a Teamsters union official.
"One reservationist is home sick.
Running time: 2 hours 15 minutes.
A majority of women, in one poll, said they mistrusted him.
E-mail: keepingscore@nytimes.com Correction: November 10, 2005, Thursday A chart in the sports section on Sunday with the Keeping Score column, about the balance between offense and defense in the National Football League, misstated the average number of yards gained per pass through the first eight weeks of this season.
Like many here, Michael Abah, 26, an unemployed computer technician, predicted trouble if the opposition lost again.
("Celebrating death is not the exclusive domain of beheaders and Al Jazeera," the caption on one says.)
Yet, despite his portfolio and background, Mr. Libby does not fit easily into any Washington stereotype.
Convent of the Sacred Heart, Greenwich John N. Irwin III, Chair, Board of Trustees Joan Magnetti, R.S.C.J., Headmistress
Mr. Mohamed lived in the apartment with his 12-year-old son and the boy's mother for about six years, Mr. Singh said, calling him a good tenant.
Sept. 18 at 2 p.m. Free.
Goussault's team of seven engineers also develops products for companies like Nestlé, and it tests equipment for manufacturers, like a new oven that can go from 200 degrees Fahrenheit to 500 degrees in less than three minutes.
"He is not the only one."
which are intended to encourage tenants to move to Lower Manhattan.
When a terrible storm hits Northern California, the lives of three people are changed forever.
Senator Arlen Specter, the Pennsylvania Republican who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in introducing proposed restrictions that there must be "a very careful balance" between fighting terrorism and protecting civil liberties.
Women with money can buy their way out of the labor-intensive part (though not the emotionally intensive part) by hiring nannies and housekeepers, and many certainly do.
(Brantley) 'MARATHON 2005, SERIES A' A long, too often dreary evening of plays by a pair of Tony winners, John Guare and Warren Leight, and a pair of actress-playwrights, Alexandra Gersten-Vassilaros and Leslie Lyles.
That is Tyson's plan, to beat McBride, to win another tuneup fight or two and to fight for a championship belt within two years.
"Some states may chose to use a statewide system, others will certify several voting systems and will leave it up to the counties to decide which system to purchase," she said.
"Oh, finally, now I'm home," I thought as I crawled out of the tiny single-engine plane and jumped onto the landing strip of what passes for Bukavu's airport.
An authentic debate might start by asking heretical questions: Why is the United States one of the few advanced economies that suffers from perennial trade deficits?
André Ethier The German Expressionists and the Fauves, updated with horror movies and comics, inspire the efforts of André Ethier, a young Toronto artist who is making his debut in Derek Eller's project space.
In early October, he was in Amsterdam to show his new video game, "Gears of War," before 1,000 journalists, and in September he was at the annual Tokyo Game Show, where everyone who's anyone in video games attends.
Last year, he bought an apartment in a building near the the hotel.
Assisted-living prices at Meadowview start at $3,400 a month for a studio apartment.
As a class, read and discuss the article “Dress Like Your Dad?
St. James Theater, 246 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Birds, butterfly people and soaring winged men were among his recurring symbols, which he rendered in a precisionist yet beguilingly ironic childlike manner.
("I am married to one of the beer families," Ms. Guinness said, "but there are hundreds of people in the beer family.")
At a news conference at the Vatican Embassy in Washington, leaders of the New York-based group said a suit would be filed if the Vatican does not respond.
Competitors like WebSideStory, WebTrends, I.B.M.
The interior reminded me of the more expensive Audi TT sport coupe.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said on the afternoon of July 7 that the attacks in the London Underground and on a double-decker bus carried the hallmarks of Al Qaeda.
"All this time has gone by fast to a certain extent.
It confirms that the band -- with the singer Cedric Bixler Zavala and the guitarist Omar Rodriguez-Lopez at its core, and now with an expanding membership as needed -- can actually pull off in concert the high-impact, indulgent turns of the music on its albums, and that it can play multipart songs like "Cicatriz" all the way through.
Wounds were infected, and amputations were common along with psychological trauma and cases of pneumonia.
It assumes that rates on three-month Treasury bills will remain below 4 percent through 2009.
And they became French best sellers, at least in part by stirring intense debate and controversy, including an unsuccessful lawsuit charging the author with "incitement to discrimination, hatred and violence."
The troupe's repertory, Mr. Morris recalled, ranged from "Hamlet" to "Five Jerks in a Jeep."
Nor is the merger catching rivals unprepared.
A longtime resident of New Jersey, Art served on the Board of The Orphan Train Heritage Society of America as well as on the Board of The Children's Aid Society.
The stair rails are swathed in padding, the walls are sheathed in plywood, and full-length boards line the floor under the dolly as the film crew readies to shoot in the entryway of the Wolf family's 8,500-square-foot Tudor.
's director for hockey operations, said: "Marty's entitled to his own opinion.
"We're not going to let convention dictate our strategy."
He has been unable to meet conditions for a $10 million bail bond despite once having a net worth reportedly close to $1 billion.
He said that despite concerns that tools such as Freenet might be used by clandestine organizations intent on political violence, Mr. Clarke said he believed that the benefits of such anonymous means of communications outweighed potential harm.
"The best I can say is it's going from somewhere to somewhere," he said.
In practical terms, the four Murdoch children's power over the AE Harris Trust gives each of them -- Prudence, 46, from Mr. Murdoch's first marriage; and Elisabeth, 36; Lachlan, 33; and James, 32, from his second marriage -- the power to appoint a trustee with one vote apiece.
For children, there is "Amazing Space -- A Book of Answers for Kids" ($12.95) and several space kits, including a Build a Ball Interstellar Planet Builder ($6.50), which allows a child to construct a bouncy bright orange and yellow Jupiter ball.
He noted that for 60 years, proper constitutional limits on government power had been abandoned.
"These are the words that give you insight and context into his actions," Captain Graveline said.
"We need policy whose boldness is commensurate with that crisis.
Who, in particular, might it help?
In their model, as in the real world, "investment adjusts not to keep fixed the amount of capital but to keep fixed the return to capital," Professor Peri said.
For another, each chapter begins with a quotation from the under-author (Dubner) telling us how great the over-author (Levitt) is: a "master of the simple, clever solution," a "noetic butterfly" (!
During recent hearings in State Supreme Court in Manhattan to determine whether the two convicted men, David Lemus and Olmado Hidalgo, should be set free or given a new trial, prosecutors from the Manhattan district attorney's office have been unable to show any significant connection between them and Joseph Pillot, a member of a Bronx drug gang.
But the man, Shuji Nakamura, did not take the move in Japanese stride.
In April, he was kicked out of a more permanent homeless shelter, where he was a resident for two years, after "having difficulty conforming" with the program and refusing a mental health evaluation, said Susan Tolchin, a spokeswoman for the Westchester County executive, Andrew J. Spano.
Daniel M. Schulgasser Newark, Sept. 29, 2005
A thick swirl of commercial clutter chokes the Route 54 exit and its surrounding intersections, but heading east, the roadside becomes a tangle of brush and gravel.
"The one thing about fraternities is that they take on missions or causes that may be all right in themselves but you have to sign onto them in advance.
Her father is the chairman of Delphi Financial Group, an insurance holding company, and the founder and the managing partner of Rosenkranz & Company, an investment firm, both in New York.
ON a perfect, sunny afternoon, Jakob Dylan sat not quite comfortably in the small recording studio he maintains on the grounds of his Los Angeles home.
Within hours, a downpour smudged the phone number.
Championship will be the first major professional tournament held on the Lower Course since the dawn of the Tiger Woods era, which began in 1996.
Ron Sala, a Unitarian Universalist minister, officiated at Waveny House in New Canaan, Conn.
Fairs need to make economic sense, but they also need to make cultural sense."
duo known as Team Shadetek (69 West 14th Street, fourth floor; tickets are $25 in advance from themusicgallery.net, "more expensive at the door").
To the Editor: Re "The Election's Last Gasp" (editorial, Jan. 7): The arguable claim that any Ohio voting irregularities could not have altered the outcome of the presidential election is misplaced.
They said that if only people who came to the polls were counted in the referendum, insurgent attacks could frighten away so many voters that the constitution could be rejected on the basis of a small, unrepresentative sample of voters.
He has held left-handers to a .211 average for the Yankees, compared with .296 against right-handers.
We can't have a system that's based on popularity at the moment."
Now I know every dog and surfer by sight and become concerned if I don't see elderly strollers for weeks on end.
The Friday night bus was late.
The issue of how life originated is different from that of evolution.
Bill Smith of Shelter Island, the executive director of Fish Unlimited, said earlier this month that he had resigned from the lab's community advisory panel in protest.
Kurt Austin must contend with the leader of an antiglobalization group who possesses technology that has the potential to destroy all of humanity.
One Haitian, Mr. Martínez said, drowned when he fell into a river as he tried to get away.
His accent reflects his life's journey, a sunny, no-worries Kiwi with a hint of Dutch.
In their own ways, they each have set out to change how people think about the places where they live.
India Cracks Down On TV Content Reacting to increasing concern over programming content called obscene by parents and women's groups, the Indian government has suspended the broadcasting rights of a television movie channel, Agence France-Presse reported.
And then the three marched off down the carpet.
Some say it's more fun and better organized than Little League.
The governor teared up twice in his speech, once when praising his wife's efforts to help hurricane victims and again at the end, describing how he would not allow Mississippi to miss this opportunity.
Still, those two words, wild and card, were usually treated like harsh four-letter words around the Yankees' clubhouse.
For 10 days, searchers and dog teams scoured the hidden nooks along the roof of Montana, calling out the name, looking for Charles Matthew Thomson.
I've heard them, surprisingly, give some good advice, and sometimes they bring in sex experts.
"The acid test is going to be the day lilies.
He was shot five times by David Redden, 18, whom the officer and his partner chased after they saw him buy marijuana, the police said.
"Bleedout" is basically a straightforward mystery (who whacked Freyl?)
from St. Joseph College in West Hartford, CT and studied in Florence, Italy.
Civil rights legislation seemed to promise an end to the nation's racial scars.
The foundation carrying the family name was created under the will of his son, Mr. Baker's grandfather, and was established in 1937.
"'Baseball won't accept the resignations.
He made extraordinary philanthropic contributions, most notably as a leader of an organization H.A.P.P.I., which helped autistic adults.
He graduated magna cum laude from Berklee College of Music in Boston.
Such opinions are hard to obtain, he said.
The woman, 22, whose identity was not disclosed, told investigators that she argued with three white people at the station who made antiblack statements, and that one of the three slashed her face with an unknown object.
The Knicks' big men thoroughly outplayed the Lakers' big men in the first half.
The evening's highlight, however, just might be "Jíbaro," a suite for jazz quartet by the Puerto Rican saxophonist and composer Miguel Zenón.
Ms. Bloom recalled that Mr. Gonzalez asked how she managed to get so many people involved.
Against the pinstriped wonders, in Yankee Stadium, in front of George Steinbrenner, during the playoff push of the season.
According to Nielsen's overnight ratings, an average of 35.42 million viewers watched CBS on Sunday night.
In testimony before Congress in March, Gen. Bantz J. Craddock, the commander of American military forces in Latin America, said the sanctions had excluded Latin American officers from American training programs and could allow China, which has been seeking military ties to Latin America, to fill the void.
Meeting in Iran last week, OPEC's oil ministers raised the group's production ceiling by half a million barrels a day, to 27.5 million barrels.
But they remain free, hiding in different parts of the still-divided region.
Mr. Feinstein imbued this uproarious spoof of holiday sentimentality with the tart, smirking zest it deserved.
("My God," she concludes, "who wouldn't want a wife?")
On one hand, he's one of the smartest, toughest guys going.
The 50 stories it filed last year were broadcast 236 times in all, reaching 41 million households in the United States.
Almost immediately after the July 7 London attack, Gov.
His father, a highly successful lawyer, was considered by Woodrow Wilson for a position on the Supreme Court.
The challenge, he said, is protecting American soldiers who are driving the roads in Iraq: "If we can't eliminate the threat, we can certainly reduce it."
In employee relations they pulled back the blue folder of one of his peers, someone he genuinely respected.
Peter Boal's chamber ballet troupe is going out in style, in its final season in New York City, with an evening of dance that is intimate, thought-provoking and affecting.
Obviously, even Steinbrenner understands a parking spot has nothing to do with Floyd's lasers, and he may be starting to realize there is no magical formula to cure his faltering team.
EMusic is a subscription-based service, and its offerings start at $9.99 for 40 downloads a month.
Philadelphia - AFTER the Giants placed cornerback Will Peterson on the injured reserve list, declaring him out for the season with a back injury, a reporter approached center Shaun O'Hara on Thursday and mentioned how fortunate the team had been in having had so few injuries this season.
Construction is well under way on 1600 Broadway on the Square, a glass-encased, 27-story tower between 48th and 49th Streets where the Studebaker showroom once stood.
Beloved by her sons David and Jason, her four cats, Becky, and her many friends.
Soon Entergy will begin with a smaller camera that can squeeze into the bottom 15 feet of the pool, the area between the side of the fuel rods and the wall.
Find out about them, and above all get out your checkbook and use it wisely and generously.
"Some people may have taken him for being arrogant or whatever, but there were an awful lot of people who enjoyed his style," the trainer Nick Zito said in a statement.
He demonstrates how people without these skills are bound to fail and discusses how parents can help their children cultivate them: a student who prepares for a test by saying, "I just, like, kinda go over the stuff," would do better to figure out what's likely to be on the test and practice answering those questions.
For the British of the South Atlantic, arriving at a sustainable population is critical because of their goal of creating a recognizable, environmentally friendly "brand" of toothfish.
He has not been convicted.
"I was in the rear of our column, but then I found myself in the front," said Khursanoi Jorayeva, 66.
It's an approach reminiscent of Mr. Gradgrind, the schoolmaster in Dickens's "Hard Times" -- "Teach these boy and girls nothing but Facts.
He displayed a blown-up photograph of Mr. Forrester next to President Bush, waving from Air Force One.
A lawyer for Time Inc., Theodore J. Boutrous Jr., told Judge Hogan the company was still considering whether to comply with the order.
Well, in the era of the permanent campaign, this race is no different.
He stayed at jobs longer than he should have to learn more.
You hear about this guy?
"Not so long ago I would have laughed like a duck laying an egg at a phrase like 'the light of knowledge,"' he explains, "but it doesn't seem funny anymore."
They were the only two hits Ishii allowed, but the walks made them crucial.
King, tonight) plays a different kind of country-rock: in recent hits like "Dawn" and "You Do Your Thing," revved-up guitars and half-snarled vocals aren't a gesture away from country tradition but a way to insist upon it.
Would you measure VO2 max after they've had an exhaustive exercise bout?
The directors, however, did not rule out their return as senior executives.
Mr. Kalikow said later, "We've asked the mayor, we've asked him on numerous occasions, and he has been generous, but we think we have all we can get from him."
Our Long Island neighbors need financial help or risk losing their energy service completely.
Evelyn served on the Board of Governors and as an honorary vice president of AFHU, and established the Otto Stieber Chair in Cancer Research in memory of her beloved first husband.
"I've never met anyone from Nikkei Shimbun before."
"Major media companies are screaming to get young readers," Mr. Lewis said, but 18-year-olds and 30-year-olds often have markedly different interests.
It was much the same at other sites.
Now travelers can unwind after a hike up to the cliff-clinging Taktsang monastery, one of Bhutan's most famous sites -- with a deep-muscle massage.
The centerpiece of the accord President Bush and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh signed last July effectively exempted India from decades of international rules under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
"There will be pressure, pressure and more pressure," said Greg Gilchrist, Lost in the Fog's trainer.
For the shares of multinational companies to outperform the market again, he said, investors would need to become more optimistic about economic growth in Western Europe and Japan.
Kenneth Noelsch Central Islip, N.Y.
It was at Preston Gates that Mr. Abramoff established his reputation as one of the most powerful lobbyists in Washington and where he solidified his relationship with Mr. DeLay, who in the past has described Mr. Abramoff as among his "closest and dearest friends."
Quitting his graduate studies at Wisconsin after several months, he participated in the W.P.A.
Another installation, "Whether or Not You Love Me," by Matthew Geller, creates what Julia Waters, a Wave Hill spokeswoman, called a "fog room."
The league made two proposals to the players last week.
The mayor's office, which over the past two months has responded to the scandal by imposing a hiring freeze, asking a new chief of staff to root out corruption and removing several department heads, declined to detail plans for an overhaul.
For Google, the problem has been how much to tailor its results to varying political sensibilities: its versions in Germany and France, for instance, screen out many neo-Nazi sites.
The way to do that, said Mr. Kehoe, a former federal prosecutor in Florida who spent five years investigating Bosnia war crimes, is through basic detective work, starting with bodies in the ground and tracing the orders up the chain of command.
Bond 45, 154 West 45th Street, gives no hint of its former life as the old Bond men's store.
"If NASA doesn't do an adequate job of inspecting the R.C.C.
Transmission has been re-established in two countries where civil wars complicate vaccination drives, Ivory Coast and Sudan.
"It's worse today," he said.
But he appeared to tire in the second half, playing all but one minute of the game.
Dinner is four courses for $72, which is comparatively reasonable given the populous posse of servers and all the accouterments of traditional elegance, including a lovely flight of petit fours at the end.
It was a speak-easy, and the first thing you notice are these carved wood cupboards with pictograms on it, and each person would keep their stash of contraband spirits there and wouldn't want it identified by name, so they identified it with pictograms, stylized angular letters.
Ms. Kowroski is gorgeous, but to be a complete ballerina, she needs to be fearless.
I think that's what spurred it more than anything was seeing people coming after him on potentially false premises."
"This is really his last chance to really separate himself from the traditional political machines," Mr. Canciamilla said, "and demonstrate he wants to be the governor and not just play the governor."
Already, he noted, residents are bracing for expected bond propositions financing extensive school expansion, town library expansion and construction of the senior-community center.
An entry-level sport sedan, it enters a battlefield over which BMW's venerable 3 Series has long claimed sovereignty.
Because Mr. Reynolds left so recently, his return was surprising.
Security in Afghanistan is in Pakistan's own interest.
Though intrigued by the sanitizer's purpose, Mr. Pinsky was disappointed by its bulk.
THURSDAY 1|13 DVD: SCISSORING BACK TO AMERICA This week the wry pop tartlets the Scissor Sisters (Elton John's favorites) release a DVD of live concert film and videos, "We Are Scissor Sisters and So Are You" (Universal, $11.98).
After being treated, he returned last night, bandaged and walking with a cane, to his station house on 123rd Street, where he was greeted with a round of applause from fellow officers.
Connie, the headstrong one, who has a "Jean Seberg haircut" and a trucker's mouth and looks "like a million bucks," is sentimental enough to retain a memory of "at least 90 percent" of her lovers, she guesses.
Although the Lakers shot just 42.9 percent in the half, they took control of the game with an 11-2 run to close the second quarter.
It will not be easy.
The next-largest settlement paid by a utility in a similar case was the $1.8 million that National Fuel Gas was required to pay last year after a woman in Buffalo died because it failed to turn her heat back on for several weeks during an unusually cold winter.
(Gates) FRANÇOIS TRUFFAUT (Through Nov. 27) The IFC Center's Weekend Classics program is presenting a dozen Truffaut features and two shorts.
In their experiments, described in Proceedings B, the researchers used gold-belly topminnows that had been selectively bred for lateralization (based on which direction they turn when confronted by a model of a predator).
Taking Tea and Talk A tea and a talk will be given on April 17 from 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. in Lady Mendl's Tea Salon, 56 Irving Place: $75 a person; (212)533-4600.
So Moore and others made dozens of phone calls, meeting well into the night on Wednesday and on Thursday morning.
Mr. Ghosn said he planned to spend about 70 percent of his time at Renault and 30 percent at Nissan here, and insisted that he would be able to manage the double duty by leaving a larger share of day-to-day decision-making at Nissan to deputies.
In the end, a sliver of knowledge may be gained, or environmental concerns only briefly alluded to might be pondered, but mostly what remains are pretty pictures that quickly fade into oblivion.
Ms. McCrocklin's jacket relies on a mesh band affixed by Velcro; that combination, she said, makes for happier pets.
He indicated that Coughlin appreciated the call.
Our guide to their career is a roly-poly narrator named Wm.
"It is a big problem," said Mario Maranelli, the president of Rome's tour guide association, who estimated that illegal guides cut into about 50 percent of the market.
With formerly smoothed-out emotions popping up everywhere, Mr. Braff's character, Andrew Largeman, meets a manic young woman (Natalie Portman, above, with Mr. Braff) and sheds a tear for the first time in ages.
Graveside service Monday 1PM, Shearith Israel Cemetery, Ridgewood, NY.
In recent days Washington has announced welcome but largely unilateral aid initiatives and declined to join other countries in committing a fixed share of national income to development assistance.
On Friday morning, Ms. Alvarez, who does not have a key to Mr. Jimenez's apartment, knocked on his door but heard no response.
Mr. Donner greeted her European style with a kiss on each cheek.
Stewart is already in a class of one as the only driver to have won a series points championship in the Indy Racing League and in Nascar's top series.
"Much more likely than a doomsday scenario involving human extinction or an apocalyptic collapse of industrial civilization," he writes, "would be 'just' a future of significantly lower living standards, chronically higher risks and the undermining of what we now consider some of our key values.
DREYFUSS--Janet S. Beloved wife of the late Joseph.
Students and university officials say access is often the biggest problem, as not all the cars are always available.
Survived by thirteen grandchildren and four greatgrandchildren.
The company, Cross Sound Ferry Services, touched off a dispute on the North Fork in February when it applied for a zoning change on five acres of vacant land it owns next to its ferry terminal.
Mr. Harman said that he had not included Mr. Foglietta's name in the letter in an attempt to verify that he had indeed committed the abuse, adding, "Again, since there had been no opportunity for any family members to respond to the contrary, to put that out there so publicly didn't seem necessary at that time."
Are there psychological issues that increase stress in places with unequal income distribution?
As the extent of the damage to offshore facilities in the Gulf of Mexico slowly became apparent a day after Hurricane Katrina's passage, oil prices soared above $70 a barrel and gasoline futures jumped by 20 percent yesterday on concerns it would take months to restore production to prestorm levels.
A team of reporters spent nearly a year exploring ways that class -- defined as a combination of income, education, wealth and occupation -- influences destiny in a society that likes to think of itself as a land of unbounded opportunity.
The smaller Mexican front loaders, on the other hand, will be for the majority of American consumers and will be priced several hundred dollars less, too low to absorb the $50 in freight to cross the Atlantic, the company says.
"That could really shake it up," she said.
); and "The Cutting Edge" (A young woman must decide -- to be tested for a genetic disease or not to be tested.)
Not the kind of thing you'd find in the Hamptons or a shelter magazine.
Food Lion, a 1,220-store chain owned by the Delhaize Group of Brussels, is making changes.
To the impassioned advocates on both sides, every detail might be telling.
Both Jim Jarmusch's "Broken Flowers" and Wim Wenders's "Don't Come Knocking" center on middle-aged men taking stock of their lives by reconnecting with the women they left behind and the children they unknowingly fathered.
"It's hard for the community.
The Pentagon still lacks an answer: the Army and Marines announced last week that they had missed their recruitment goals for April.
The attack was the physiological equivalent of friendly fire.
Four soldiers were killed Sunday, meaning that 13 have been killed in August alone.
Among the opponents of Mr. Schwarzenegger's ballot measures, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts grabbed the marquee billing on Thursday, appearing in Los Angeles with that city's mayor, Antonio R. Villaraigosa.
"But this wave was significantly larger than other waves."
Also wrapping up this week will be " 'TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE THE 12 DAYS OF A NUTCRACKER CHRISTMAS CAROL," with the season's longest title and one of its shortest runs.
Some trucks had spelling variations on the word softee, and some remained nameless.
But fear not, elitist designoholics -- a few hotels in Europe have taken the design hotel concept to the next level.
Marcus Perkal, a high school student who lives in Woodcliff Lake and attends Pascack Hills High School, lugged home 27 copies of "Juiced" for himself and others.
Writers have noted disarming similarity between Mr. Adams and Max, his most famous character.
The shipment follows DaimlerChrysler's disclosure two months ago at the Shanghai Auto Show that it was negotiating to build a factory near Beijing to make small cars for export to North America.
For example, the managers of the Heartland Select Value fund can invest in shares of large, midsize or small companies but must adhere to a value approach, which shies away from expensive, fast-growing companies and focuses on beaten-down or overlooked shares.
But the new path, to be completed next year, is exceptional in its proposed design and location.
"The House of M," right, Marvel's saga starring Spider-Man, the Avengers and the X-Men, is an altered world where traditional alliances have shifted and dead friends live.
His earliest jobs were as a computer scientist inside some of the country's more prestigious research facilities and technology companies, including I.B.M.
Police officials said that they had not identified the attackers, and that it was not possible to say whether the shooting was ethnically motivated.
Anyone who has seen the parade of sales representatives through a doctor's waiting room has probably noticed that they are frequently female and invariably good looking.
Staged readings of three semifinalists from the second annual New Jersey Playwrights' Contest.
It is the perfect hot-weather lunch, especially at the serene Honmura An in SoHo, which imports its fresh tofu from Niigata Prefecture, north of Tokyo, where it is made with locally harvested soybeans and seawater.
"Oh, yes, absolutely, I ask him things all the time," Belichick said with animation.
"I used to sell those homes in the mid-1980's for $50,000," said Robert Graeve, a veteran local agent with Illustrated Properties.
New York is competing for the Games against Madrid, Moscow, London and Paris.
The production growth in May exceeded the forecast of seven economists for 15.8 percent growth and was the fastest in three months.
An actual decision on a possible American endorsement of the European offer of incentives may be made in several days or perhaps next week, European and American officials said.
What is the current status of the case?
is not active here so no one is suggesting that people should have been allowed to defend their cars by shooting teenagers.
The "gifted and talented" process, conducted at a district level, is basically a lottery already, while general ed admissions are conducted school by school.
Both of the wines were Indian, and one had a picture of an Indian classical dancer on the front.
Only this Carl Webster, back from the war in the Pacific, wasn't anything like the Carl Webster in the book.
One person, who spoke on condition of anonymity, described sharing a short cab ride with a stranger who happened to have a departmental opening.
Suddenly, several people cried, "Out!
"When I was a kid, my mother had a 'rich' friend who lived there," she said.
How many gangsta fans are winding up in college from these cities?
These advisers to Iraqi Army, special police and border patrol forces will instruct Iraqi forces and provide a vital link to American intelligence and logistics support.
OTTAWA SENATORS--Signed John Muckler, general manager, to a three-year contract extension.
Some golfers do exhibit sudden movements when they win a tournament, but it's always a shock to see they can get both feet in the air at once.
"She talked about having kids," Mrs. Wernecke said.
42 with a bullet on the Radio&Records Country National Airplay chart for the week ending July 29.
Becky Klein, a former chairwoman of the Texas Public Utility Commission, is coming off an unsuccessful run for Congress in which she accepted large contributions from telecommunications companies that seemed to be betting she might end up at the F.C.C.
"Then you turn your back, and they're taking a bath in it," she said.
Initially, he did so out of nervousness; there was a candid, clowning side to his personality, which probably got him into trouble as an effeminate kid.
This is a truly fair solution, one that takes into consideration the plight of the immigrants while at the same time fostering respect for the rule of law in their adopted country.
"Our drivers are good salespeople, too," Mr. Fitchett said.
General Musharraf and his supporters accuse the politicians of looting the country and bringing it near ruin when they ran it in the 1990's.
Ms. Gotbaum blamed the New York State Health Department for not following through on monitoring the issue.
That also means that they have no obligation to take what they get.
The "megagrants" of stock options to senior executives, he says, can lead to managers trying to make the stock price climb as quickly as possible, potentially forsaking the needs of the company they are supposed to serve.
As long as prices continue to rise, the developers can recoup those costs from their buyers.
A report in the Metro Briefing column on July 1 about the crash of a small plane into a Hudson River inlet referred incorrectly to the pilot's escape from the plane, a Cirrus SR-22, which has a built-in parachute.
But I also know there is a little fire in me that wants to be the Nick Zito owner whose horse wins the race."
And they pay plenty for the privilege -- $700 a month in Ms. Gaston's case, friends say.
And that isn't necessarily a bad thing, Mr. Lawton said.
Outside of New York, first-time buyers seem to be increasing as well.
The group helped provide a home-court advantage as Blake surged to the tournament title.
"The U.S. should take care of its own.
"When we got there, the one boy was hollering that he couldn't feel his legs," said Capt.
Now comes word of the actors who will portray them in the new Broadway musical, "Jersey Boys," above.
Kerry's caution was bred in the Mekong.
On Wednesday a senior Sharon aide, Raanan Gissin, repeated the denial and pointed out that Mr. Sharon offered any medical help necessary last October to care for Arafat, allowed doctors to visit him and allowed him to seek medical care abroad.
In his remarks on Sunday, Mr. Sharon noted that Mr. Kishon "felt rejected by the Israeli cultural establishment."
"Maybe I'll just start traveling around with chips."
White matter contains fibers that connect neurons in separate areas of the brain, whereas gray matter contains the neurons themselves.
"But they are not a substitute for effective legislation."
But it nonetheless holds to the conventions of genre strongly enough to attract thrill-seeking teenagers, and it also attracted some impressive actors, including Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson.
Bassem Sebah, a Shiite member of Parliament from Mr. Hariri's bloc, said he used to drive the two of them to meetings in a black BMW while sending his usual convoy of armored limousines out as decoys.
The Internet has made life a little easier for restorers.
"There's so much that's down there that it's hard not to stop," he said.
The chip is designed to be built into modems, enabling them to pick up so-called WiMax transmissions, which can carry data traffic over more than 20 miles.
Though the conviction was considered a victory for Spain's aggressive campaign of antiterrorism arrests since the attacks, it fell short of prosecutors' goals.
Since then, senior officials have said there was no intelligence developed about an attack using suicide bombers or one aimed at the London Underground.
At stake are the fortunes of numerous other businesses that sprung up around Kleinfeld, selling shoes, jewelry, wedding veils and even lunch to the store's tens of thousands of yearly customers.
He told me that he wept as he worked on the scene in which Kirk falls to his death.
Instead, the White House favors applying the pay-as-you-go philosophy to spending only.
Many say they are too tired at the end of the day and too broke to go out.
Alan Riding is the European cultural correspondent of The Times and a co-author of "The Essential Shakespeare Handbook."
It will have a 300-seat theater-auditorium; expected completion date: 2008.
But he knows that what has happened to the Jets -- who have 10 players, including the starting quarterback Chad Pennington, on injured reserve -- is not funny.
People in central London did hear sirens throughout the day and had to resort by the thousands to walking home from work.
The state has hired the large accounting firm Deloitte & Touche to oversee the spending of federal relief money, and has promised to crack down on any cases of corruption.
The lush strains of a nearby performance of Puccini's "Turandot" blend with the prayers of an ancient Celtic harvest festival.
"It's easy enough going around there by yourself," said Patrick, who qualified third Thursday, the first day she had ever driven on the Texas Motor Speedway oval.
As Yao Ming, the center in the storm of controversy caused by his coach, Jeff Van Gundy, sat on the bench after a dismal third quarter, the Houston bench players took over.
Sports of The Times E-mail: hjaraton@nytimes.com
Lincoln had enough firm conviction to lead a great moral crusade, but his zeal was tempered by doubt, and his governing style was dispassionate.
PHILADELPHIA 76ERS--Waived G Aaron McKie.
Deals that have a strong strategic rationale -- for example, the acquisition of AT&T Wireless that removed a competitor in what is widely seen as an overcrowded field -- have been applauded.
The couple ripped up the linoleum in the lower kitchen and polyurethaned the rough cement left beneath, where brown ghost outlines of the old linoleum tiles now litter the floor like "pieces of French toast," Ms. Dalton said.
After hearing that he had enlisted, they said, they wanted to make sure the Army understood his condition.
The posting drew responses from more than 400 other parents, a majority admitting to, or even advocating, stomach sleeping.
Jansen, the players and the Blackhawks' officials said it would take more time for the training techniques to affect on-ice play.
Additional Afghan security forces, which now number 27,000 soldiers and 55,000 police officers, will also take on additional security duties.
It is not the All Stars Project.
Now a political prisoner under the control of the sinister Judge Di, she will be freed if Muo can procure a nubile young virgin as a bribe.
"Who are the people who almost win?
The blasts damaged the exterior of the mosque.
And today freedom is still being fought for all over the world and basically it's an individual fight, no matter what--a fight for an identity, a purpose, life itself.
Our heroine vows revenge on the murderer and engages a contract killer -- a trusted pal from school days spent in Soviet impoverishment -- only to discover that he kills the wrong man.
The proposal was among a number of potential strategies outlined by the administration in 2003 to overhaul mileage requirements for light trucks -- sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks and minivans.
These 12 new visual books are potential gifts of another sort.
(Bernard Holland) BARGEMUSIC (Tonight through Sunday and Thursday) Three duos are performing at this floating concert hall this week, and offering a broad range of music.
Nonetheless, some elegant advances distinguish it from the generic competitors.
Larger boats, like Mr. Jones's, which can burn up to 24 gallons an hour, use far more.
It was built in 1990 and is 1,400 square feet.
-Do you enjoy taking pictures?
Just a few hundred yards from where Surucu was killed, at the Thomas Morus High School, three Muslim students soon openly declared their approval of the murder.
We view him as a guy who is as good as any small forward in the league.
When Cathy Drew moved into a Vestry Street loft in 1978, a friend said: "You're crazy.
Even Peter Jennings was too old to have that knowledge as a young teenager.
"I would say before 'Lost,' there was '24,"' he said, referring to Fox's hit action series, with its unique timetable and highly structured plot.
Waking up in the Tomb Scene, she moves nearly like a dancer.
Barry Lynn, executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State, said the Christmas appeals were "just political pandering."
Also scheduled for a visit: Norman Rockwell's magazine covers, Dalí's lithographs and William Wegman's photographs.
"They have a lot of work to do to improve so they don't have their reputation impaired."
Through the first four months of the year, sales were down 5 percent and market share fell to 25.6 percent, from 27.3 percent in 2004, according to the Autodata Corporation, which tracks sales figures.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, June 9 - Bolivia's Congress accepted the resignation of President Carlos Mesa late on Thursday night and swore in the head of the Supreme Court as the new president, an appointment expected to defuse more than three weeks of protests that have paralyzed the nation.
He was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital and pronounced dead.
"We have standing water, piles of debris, zero sanitation," she said.
He will be greatly missed.
And a similarly glum pose is taken up in early Renaissance paintings, engravings and busts, and repeated throughout the Classical and Romantic periods.
"We have to assist in efforts to eradicate crime," Mr. Cunningham said.
Mr. Schwarzenegger has repeatedly said he would prefer it if the Legislature approved a redistricting plan that both parties agreed upon.
His company, Acadian Ambulance, had the state's only multi-modal communication system that survived the storm, according to many local, state and federal officials, so the company was able to quickly identify the most serious needs and to bring relief.
Caption information is provided below.
The funniest list identifies the things a woman must do to lessen her chances of being murdered: "Do not go on dates with men.
Mr. Villaraigosa quieted the crowd saying, "Excuse me, there will be civility today."
"Turbidity is fine," he said.
Marcy Freedman's "Boring and Confusing" (2005), a self-mocking video, adds wit and humor to the selection.
; Kohl, Wis.; Landrieu, La.
All concerts are free, but tickets are required tonight and next Friday.)
"We're intending to build awareness of our product, so if sales come, great.
We know why incumbent governors are re-elected.
"I got kids I don't even know I have."
Or you can walk on them as if they were stepping stones to improve balance and motor skills.
Mr. Smith recruited Ms. Leung as an informer in the early 80's.
Good Time Tours, which operates 15 luxury buses between Pensacola, Fla., and Biloxi for day-trip gamblers, has nowhere to go for now, said Glen Hill, sales and marketing director.
finals, O'Neal, the 7-foot-1, 325-pound center, was a one-man wrecking crew, averaging 36.3 points, 12.3 rebounds, 3.8 assists and 2.8 blocked shots to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a four-game sweep of the Nets.
He left thick stands of gorse and clover everywhere.
"Does anyone have a fear of turning in a verdict of acquittal?"
Canada is the land of multiculturalism -- so much so that Ontario is considering whether to accept Shariah law for the resolution of some family matters between consulting adults.
"After I got the part, Peter Nichols sat with me on the stage and showed me how she did the fits and everything, and that's how I learned it."
He mingled with residents whose lives he changed through his advocacy and his sincerity.
"Unfortunately, we believe that we can't accomplish that effectively with the current Warner Music."
If a "no" vote by either leader would stall the stadium, two "no" votes might stop this frenzied pursuit of an unnecessary football field altogether before it's too late.
Redick tied a Duke record with nine 3-pointers and was 13 for 24 over all from the field.
Mr. Korman, 34, is the senior vice president of mergers and acquisitions at the InterActive Corporation, an online media and commerce company.
"But they understand that I don't care," he said.
One indication was the creation six months ago of the Meadowlands Liberty Convention and Visitors Bureau.
The concept of picking and choosing whether a specific war is supportable concerns me, but so does the thought of my children going unnecessarily into harm's way.
Because the Jets lost 6 of their last 11 games, they can easily be portrayed as having sleepwalked into the postseason.
But her friends at home hoping to watch the scheduled live TV coverage of the event were disappointed; everything was pre-empted by breaking news of the suicide bombing.
But he knew he did not need to make it too short.
The hotel restaurant offered some "spa cuisine" items -- the scallops came with cocoa foam -- but the menu was far from spartan.
But his look, sort of a tattooed version of Snidely Whiplash, is apparently irresistible to California women in their 20's, because they fall into his arms without coaxing.
7 6 MY LIFE, by Bill Clinton.
"You feel like you have no rights.
Justice Scalia might do well to visit the Jefferson Memorial, where the views of our third president, one of our country's original lawyers, are emblazoned for all to see: "I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and Constitutions, but laws must and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind.
Because Europeans had to kowtow to their social betters, Lahontan later reported, "they brand us for slaves, and call us miserable souls, whose life is not worth having."
Ellen Arlinsky Grand Rapids, Mich., July 7, 2005
Now here was a rabbi sitting right in the greenroom.
However, there are two phases that commonly occur after an inmate's release.
Mr. Sullivan said in court, "he smashes his head against the wall three times and knocks himself unconscious."
And we're skeptical of any other mechanism that the Legislature would put into place."
IT'S easy to understand why so many joined the swelling ranks of venture capitalists.
When foamy, add the mushrooms and sauté over medium-high heat until lightly browned and cooked through.
Kevin Tsujihara, the new president of Warner's Home Entertainment Group, said one reason home video is now a part of the new digital group is that the interests of established clients, like Wal-Mart or movie theater owners, need to be balanced with those of consumers, who want content on demand.
The novel also includes two spectral figures, the Shrock boys, whose murder is announced on its opening page.
"I understand that Janeal is very disappointed," Ms. O'Bryant said.
"There's nothing like game competition."
"I have been there, done that.
The violence is cresting again, with more than 400 Iraqis killed since late April.
It has some highlights, the mozzarella cart among them.
Mark Knopfler was 27 when he recorded "Sultans of Swing," the worldwide hit for his band Dire Straits.
Harris made a note, and Cook started again.
He did that to great effect at Southern Illinois, where -- despite splitting time with two other backs -- Jacobs ran for 922 yards and 19 touchdowns last season.
The losses, to Minnesota and Seattle, came when comebacks led by Manning were foiled by game-winning field goals.
The pink shirt from Land's End was cut so generously, he described it as "a muumuu for men."
And when you do what you want to do, you're capable of doing the things you expect."
Jesse's Mennonite faith was never far from our discussions.
What are we supposed to do, go to New Jersey?"
But the appeal failed, he kept stealing and had a nervous breakdown and attempted suicide, the girlfriend said.
The Browns held the Raiders to three field goals last week and won on a field goal as time ran out.
Others are a fund of memories.
That team picked Beauveria bassiana because it has already been approved by Western environmental agencies for aphids and whiteflies on melon and tomato crops, Dr. Thomas said, so there is abundant evidence that it is relatively safe for humans.
Two other sheriff's deputies aboard the train were injured.
But those are passage records, and sailors can wait months for optimal weather conditions.
HALPERIN--Theodore P. Will be honored by family and friends in a Service of Remembrance on Sunday, February 20th, 11 o'clock in the morning at The Mark Hotel, 25 East 77 Street.
"You have to look at the big picture," Accorsi said.
Jasmine Long of Jersey City (above) was first jailed when she was 13, and was in and out of juvenile detention centers five or six times a year after that, by her own count.
Before they know what has hit them, each member of the family becomes complicit in Starbuck's rain dance -- Jimmy, by banging on a big bass drum; H.C., by painting a white arrow away from the house to keep lightning from striking the roof; and Noah, by ritualistically tying together the back legs of a mule.
"While all the other kids were playing cowboys and Indians and going to the prom, I was trying to survive with my gimp arm," he said.
"We're in the middle of the season.
Which is not to say that he wants his viewers grabbing any old bug they see.
"We did not want to be in a position where Roush Racing and Diageo and Newell Rubbermaid could be viewed as condoning this behavior," Roush Racing's president, Geoff Smith, said in a telephone interview yesterday.
It is so interesting that you can be forgiven for confusing the real relation between advertising and editorial content, for supposing that ocean of warm, gray ink existed just to support those astonishing ads.
"It shows a man who is strongly committed to the notion that the federal government is one of limited powers and is willing to limit that federal power," said Prof. Robert C. Post of the Yale Law School, an authority on federalism.
Emphatically, all four said no.
The dominant factor here is a flexible pictorial language that depicts workaday people of diverse ethnicities and urban vistas, often in combination.
The Dutch brought Africans to New Amsterdam beginning in the 1620's.
Mr. Tengstrand was an ideal and lively interpreter, thin and pale of physique, his long fingers strumming the keyboard like a harp.
"There's nothing to look to as a next step."
Yesterday, Giambi seemed to allude to his testifying while repeating that he doubted he would accept the committee's invitation.
But a bit farther down came a warning, if Mr. deBottari was nonetheless tempted to give the new Medicare program, called Part D, a try: "Your Boeing prescription drug coverage is part of your Boeing retiree medical plan.
Those problems led to a downward restatement of earnings from prior years, which resulted in an investigation, still under way, by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"If those funds don't make decent returns, there will be a greatly reduced amount of money flowing into biotech venture capital," he said.
(Pareles) LADYBUG (Tonight) The soothing yet strong female rapper from the groovy mid-90's "hip-hop bebop" group Digable Planets will release a solo album before her old trio tries a reunion later this year.
The insurance plan he selected for his family pays 100 percent of medical expenses after a $3,550 deductible.
"Corporate saving in the United States has risen to its highest rate in decades and is unlikely to increase materially."
XAVIER--Signed Sean Miller, men's basketball coach, to a one-year contract extension and Kevin McGuff, women's basketball coach, to a three-year contract extension.
The truckers, wholesalers, florists and decorators had to share the sidewalk with dog walkers, people out for the morning paper and the occasional exerciser.
In wine time, a year is like a heartbeat.
HOCKEY American Hockey League CHICAGO WOLVES--Recalled G Adam Berkhoel from Gwinnett of the ECHL.
One of his friends, Hakeem Jeffries, 35, a politically active lawyer from Brooklyn, supports Mr. Ferrer.
Hebron Cemetery, 13004 Horace Harding Expressway, Flushing, NY, NY 11315
"Guys like that, when it starts to come together, it comes quick."
Rather, they insist, celebrity victims like Ms. Lohan are merely collateral damage; the real battle is among the photographers themselves -- pitting veterans against novices, native Angelenos against foreigners and a handful of rival companies against one another, all of them jockeying for position and profit in a wildly overpopulated but nonetheless increasingly lucrative business.
Many publishers had become concerned about the potential of Google Base, which could allow the company to dominate the classified advertising business.
Devoted father of Robert T. (Beth), Elizabeth (Mike) McGroarty, Michael P., Janet (Joe) Ryan, M. Shay (Keith) Scott.
"I wouldn't be able to put food on the table without them," said the commuter, Juliet Francis, who works as a nurse.
But the officials pointedly distinguish between the duty of professionals providing medical care for detainees and those who are acting as behavioral consultants, who do not have a direct relationship with the detainee but are advising authorities.
Wright Gets Second Opinion Jaret Wright asked for and received permission to visit Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles on Monday for a second opinion on his injured right shoulder.
Minaya said the Mets would continue to look for nonroster relievers after their success with Roberto Hernandez last winter.
But with a combination of charm, carefully scripted PowerPoint presentations and crucial help from Dr. Araneta, Mr. Lanier overcame that hurdle.
Suggested Time Allowance: 1 hour Objectives: Students will: 1.
Doctors Without Borders began trying to raise awareness of the looming crisis in Niger in April, after it had seen a significant increase in severely malnourished children at its feeding center in Maradi, one of Niger's largest cities.
CardSystems itself scraped together money in 2003 to upgrade its defenses and later hired an aggressive new leader, who once headed a processing company that handled payments for pornographic Web sites.
"Sax Street," Mr. Pagane told the driver.
Foreigners still fly into China to complete big deals, experts say, but as Chinese cross-border deals get larger, these Chinese-born bankers will gain experience and take on greater decision-making roles.
"The dimwits who said my article had nothing to do with free speech will now have to shut up or say sorry."
Ms. Munroe said she was hoping for larger crowds than usual for the show, which runs through July 24.
(Van Gelder) 'FIVE COURSE LOVE' This musical is pleasantly fluffy, but Heather Ayers may make a star vehicle out of it, thanks to an energetic, versatile performance in five roles.
"This creates a once-in-a-lifetime political opportunity for people to get into leadership."
But if Mr. Bush wants to emulate his role model with his first Supreme Court appointment, he should give greater weight to politics and intuition than ideology.
His message came at the right time.
"Then the pumping capacity becomes really challenged."
(Scott) '9 SONGS' (No rating, 69 minutes) Graphically photographed scenes of an attractive young couple having real, not simulated, sex, are interwoven with concert performances of rock songs played by various bands.
So far, they've spent time in a waterfront estate in the San Juan Islands and a mountain lodge in Bend, Ore.
approved additional uses of growth hormone for children with Turner syndrome (a genetic abnormality in girls that leads to short stature), chronic renal insufficiency, an endocrinological disorder known as Prader-Willi syndrome and for children who were born small for gestational age.
The matter seemed to be settled until Wednesday, when Senator Christopher J. Dodd, a Connecticut Democrat, tried introducing a measure that would likely have undermined the deal between the Pentagon and Lockheed.
To bolster the challenge, Mr. Hussein's defense team hoped to be joined in court on Monday by Ramsey Clark, the former American attorney general, who has a long and controversial history of offering legal advice to toppled foreign leaders, including the former Yugoslav president, Slobodan Milosevic.
Procedures set out by the Vatican require candidates for beatification to be exhumed to confirm their identity.
Also in Bardstown, Kurtz (418 East Stephen Foster Avenue; 502-348-8964) has dinner entrees for $12 to $17, and the Old Talbott Tavern (107 West Stephen Foster Avenue, 502-348-3494) offers a wide variety of bourbons.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to Alan and his family.
Jamal and Stephon have had to change roles a little bit because of him.
and he added: "We used to take drugs to be able to hear Phil's music.
Some said that this victory would at last bring an end to so much talk, so many films, so many books about the 1919 team that left the Cincinnati Reds world champions and Chicago mortified.
In conference with my neurosurgeon and physical therapist, they both believe I simply played too much too soon, hence this minor setback."
Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the most revered Shiite cleric in Iraq, has been the savior of President Bush's policy in Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
The Westerners in this history survived by learning to get along, as Terry Anderson and Peter Hill document in their new book, "The Not So Wild, Wild West."
A year ago, Robinson left as the defensive coordinator of the Kansas City Chiefs to be the co-defensive coordinator at Texas.
But then Mr. Furmansky smiled and threw an arm around Alexa Coyne, a curator from Creative Time who has become a fixture around the Boardwalk over the last few months.
Although Mr. Trump represents a type of success that is clear and compelling to many Americans, Mr. Passikoff said "there were serendipitous events that surrounded him."
He argued at the time that as an unknown Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city, he needed to introduce himself and his ideas.
Roger Lang, the director of community programs and services for the New York Landmarks Conservancy, said the bill was "unworkable" because it "confuses the standards for listing in the state and federal registers, which are vastly different than the standards cited in the city's landmarks law."
FORRELL--Gene, noted conductor and composer died peacefully at home on September 21, 2005.
But he extended his streak of top-10 finishes to 13 in a row.
Fill, 54, said he got into the business because he thought it would make a difference in the way consumers are treated, and he could also take advantage of free meals or entertainment.
William J. Decker San Diego, May 30, 2005
With Harry Revel, his major 1930's collaborator, he wrote lesser standards like "Stay as Sweet as You Are" and "Did You Ever See a Dream Walking?"
After an unfavorable ruling from the court in 1986 over the mining of Nicaragua's harbors, the United States withdrew from the court's general jurisdiction.
World City America Inc. celebrates the life and work of its Chairman and Chief Executive, John S. Rogers.
* denotes a highly recommended film, concert, show or exhibition.
Franco was chuckling as he was being replaced by another former Mets relief pitcher, Dan Wheeler, who was just as unfortunate.
He urged the company to stop it.
But Izzo said yesterday that he took a cue from the grace and exuberance that Vermont Coach Tom Brennan had demonstrated throughout the weekend.
Would a newspaper call its mystery source Paris Hilton?
It was not the first time, Mr. Russianoff noted, that controversy has arisen over taxpayer-financed materials that veered uncomfortably close to the appearance of campaign advertising.
She wanted to go home, and did.
One Northrop briefing featured photographs of men in long, loose robes taking a missile launcher out of a car and firing a round into the air.
INTERNATIONAL A3-13 U.S. Calls for Assembly To End Stalemate in Iraq Worried about a political deadlock in Iraq and a spike in mayhem from an emboldened insurgency, the Bush administration has pressured Iraqi leaders to end their stalemate over forming a new government, with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Vice President Dick Cheney exhorting top Kurdish and Shiite politicians to come together.
"It's not a huge number, but it's an encouraging number," said Michael R. Grupe, a senior vice president of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, a trade group.
We're cool -- we've always been.
A new-car brochure from the 1950's or 60's, Mr. McLellan said, sells for $25 or $30 on average.
A good education, college preparatory or vocational, would guarantee that students have mastered these skills."
We extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife and family.
"Members are subjected to abuses by staff members," Mr. Burling said.
Collaboration cuts costs, permits loans of expensive equipment (like video projectors) and increases access to collections.
They were captive, uncounted, beyond any hope of treatment, their stories lost to history.
The game seems to have the humor, style and free-form play that gamers have come to expect from previous episodes for "real" game machines.
As it happened, in 1994, when she was running, I was running for re-election, and we campaigned together.
And while Judge Bridges was critical of the widespread errors in the election, particularly in King County, the state's most populous and liberal, he said it was plain that those human errors did not amount to fraud.
And yet they'll say, "The abuse wasn't really that bad."
But in an interview with O Estado de São Paulo in October, he made it clear that Brazil was not interested in selling the centrifuges to Mr. Chávez.
In fact, construction work on the bank was nearing completion in January until "we began hearing that we needed more safe deposit boxes," Mr. Braca recalled.
While we waited by the entrance, my littlest guy climbed out of the cart and started hopping up and down while watching himself on a security monitor.
As millions of right-thinking Americans realize the dangers of a Hillary presidency, the authors suggest, a draft-Condi movement will spring up at the grass roots, producing a kind of Manichaean catfight in the general election.
The fact that his shorts somehow grip his midsection -- he weighs 153 pounds -- is just one of many small miracles.
"I'd seen tugboats that had been converted," Mr. Lundberg said, "so I thought, 'What about a small ship?"'
Is he trying to hamper the investigation?
"All of a sudden we looked out and saw the road was full of cars.
Ms. Millo said she was sorry that her New York audience would not have a chance to hear her next month, but she stood by her decision.
For the pros it's no different.
Goings lost his first fumble of the season.
Sports of The Times E-mail: hjaraton@nytimes.com
Getting the News Ms. d'Amboise was in "Chicago" when word came in from Chicago that Ms. Applegate's little break had caused her big break.
In part, it has to do with the sale of United States warships after World War II and the rise of the global oil trade.
But as the recent breaches demonstrate, there are plenty of holes.
While everyday New Yorkers are worrying about everyday gridlock, those schooled in hotel diplomacy are worrying about limousine gridlock and security types with sleeves they talk into.
The Caribbean, he said, is a key component of the airline's quest for more profitable routes -- which, these days, means more international service.
History, he added, "is the key to a nation's cohesion, but it only takes a little for history to become an agent of division, for passions to inflame and the wounds of the past to reopen."
He was scrappy, bright, inventive and courageous or reckless enough to take one of his fighters to Georgia, where Jacobs was threatened by the Ku Klux Klan.
Mr. Madrigal, a principal with the company, partnered both.
The island of Sanda, off Scotland, is in the North Channel, not the North Sea.
Having anointed her master, the girl rises, her bowl in hand, and slowly climbs a steep staircase on stage right, as Dulcinea's theme music plays for the first time, sweet and mournful.
A guilty defendant has many more options available.
Mr. Sexsmith sings affecting folk rock, and the East Village Opera Company puts a glam rock spin on classic arias.
And there was the recent $100,000 bequest in an admirer's will.
The normally chatty Canseco, who has agreed not to do interviews until after his television appearance, was subdued when reached on his cellphone yesterday.
The museum had hoped to have visitors watch as craftsmen restored the boat.
She helped raise funds for Lincoln Center and the New York City Ballet.
He graduated from John Jay High School and majored in criminal justice at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn.
10 p.m., Tonic, 107 Norfolk Street, Lower East Side, (212)358-7503, $8.
We mourn the passing of our good friend and president.
After all, wearing vintage is now one of Hollywood's favorite ways to assert the idea of good taste.
It’ll be strictly BYOMN (bring your own mosquito net).
Hopkins recently was ordered to pay DiBella more than $600,000.
But he can see the impediments as well.
"It would bring him closer to the people, dispel some of this concern that understandably our people have about the loss of life and limb, the enormous cost of this war to the American public, and we've got to stay firm for the next six months," Senator Warner said.
With juices squeezed at the bar and an ice tray piled high with grapes, blackberries and kiwi, the bartenders carefully mix concoctions that are as artful as they are sippable.
Even so, with revenues starting to flatten at eBay, the site so many of them use to market their wares, some analysts doubt they will ever be able to break through the 50 percent mark.
Ms. Aronson said later that she rejected Mr. Rowland's request.
A1 NEW YORK/REGION B1-8 City School Test Scores Show Shrinking Racial Gap New York City has narrowed the gap in achievement between black and Hispanic students and their white counterparts, according to federal reading and math scores in fourth and eighth grades that were released as part of the National Assessment of Educational Progress.
The pope said he did not know what happened to the man, Mr. Fijalek said, but that he was probably dead because so many Jews in Wadowice were killed in the death camps and the concentration camps.
The '86 was surprisingly rich, and the '87 was narrower.
Mr. Weinstock was experiencing a loss of smell, or anosmia.
Grant offers to hire Skip to do his paperwork in exchange for time in the courtroom.
Still, Miss Duarte plans to return to Brazil in four years to live on her national pension.
Border policemen in military uniforms stood in front of the rolls of wire, each armed with an automatic weapon.
1 Young Architects Program, a competition that invites emerging architects to propose a building project for the courtyard of the Modern's sister organization, P.S.
Opening today and running through July 3, "Good Thing Going: Celebrating Sondheim at 75," a retrospective of his work for television.
His father is the president and a founder of the company.
In an interim report, the panel, which is overseeing the space agency's efforts to comply with the return-to-flight recommendations by Columbia accident investigators, said it was concerned that NASA not fall into the trap of over-reliance on analytical models and assumptions in determining that shuttles were ready to fly again.
HARTFORD, Nov. 28 - Leaders of the Democratic-controlled legislature said on Monday that they had reached an agreement on what would be the nation's most far-reaching campaign finance reforms, prohibiting political contributions from lobbyists and contractors, among others, while creating a new system for financing campaigns with state money.
The rest is pricey wall decoration, by and large, with one or two vaguely interesting prints and drawings tossed in.
In antiquity such vases found a ready market in Etruria and represent a time of experiment and almost fevered activity in the Athens potters' quarter."
Perhaps Chinese leaders felt that after holding Mr. Zhao incommunicado for so many months, international concern about his case would begin fading away.
The dark humor provoked knowing laughter from the crowded gallery at a hearing before the Assembly Budget Committee last Tuesday.
There are no throngs of obese Americans searching for fried Ding Dongs; no talking and singing animatronics, like the Enchanted Tiki Room or the Country Bear Jamboree.
Quentin, the youngest of five children, was 12 at the time.
The Yankees' other reason to be confident is Johnson.
She spent the summer as a research intern for I.B.M., and her job prospects seem bright.
The audit also uncovered two trips he had taken to England on the Concorde, accompanied by Joel Nash, a personal trainer who advertises his services as an erotic masseur.
Judging by the taut looks of disappointment late Friday, after the Knicks lost, 86-84, to the Golden State Warriors, the pressure is already immense.
Mr. Moreland talked about the tension of going from the prison world, with its imperative to appear strong, to a Sunday visit with his wife, Tammy.
Mr. Bush said this week that poor countries trying to improve their governments "shouldn't be burdened by mountains of debt," making it clear that corrupt and incompetent countries were ineligible.
The work is as diverse as the backgrounds of the more than 30 artists, who all live in New York, though many were born elsewhere, including Brazil, Croatia, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Libya, Mexico and the Philippines.
The saving grace, mere months before his return to Paris, was a trip to Naples in 1779, where he saw the antiquities at Herculaneum and Pompeii.
Hydrogen fuel cell cars are not to be confused with hybrid electric cars, which were brought to the United States in the late 1990's by Honda and Toyota.
Immigration, for example, may significantly reduce the proportion of people in retirement, making predictions based on current data inaccurate.
She and her husband, a minister, belong to the United Church of Christ.
"We're very concerned about using DNA sweeps as an investigative tool," he said.
It is heartening that Senator Jon Corzine has chosen to run for this daunting job.
List what they know and wish to know about Albert Einstein in a K-W-L chart.
"Bob Jones used to do this radio show with Grantland Rice," Mr. Wind recalled.
Yes, we want to "take back the memorial."
If they performed reasonably well in simulated games, always a concern because most of the prospects here have very little game experience, Bournigal would probably sign them both.
He chose the variety Forest Pansy with beet-red new growth that matures to deep purple.
Divide students into groups of four.
Supporters said that by encouraging growth in the renewable-fuels industry and raising domestic production of traditional sources like oil, gas and coal, the bill should lead to less reliance on oil imports.
Mr. Bloomberg and his aides said the blame for the deferral belonged to Gov.
I wanted to reclaim Sisyphus, to set his image on the poster for the campaign against depression.
Updates and remixes risk sounding more narrowly dated than the original style.
"We've been living in this bowl," said Shea Penland, a coastal geologist who has studied storm threats to Louisiana for years.
On Friday, Governor Sonny Perdue of Georgia suspended that state's 7.5-cent excise tax and 4 percent sales tax on motor fuels.
What about as a son-in-law?
"But this is a grow-your-own market, and that's how it should be."
7 3 6 FAITHFUL, by Stewart O'Nan and Stephen King.
Major leaguers will report to spring training in mid-February before leaving to join their respective Classic teams.
"I have a bai," Ms.
C1 Retailer Cancels Moss Ads Kate Moss, one of the world's most recognizable models, was dismissed from a planned advertising campaign by H&M after she admitted to executives she had recently used cocaine.
"I really don't think we were a target," he said.
"It's not clear if this construction is related to the rods or not."
The talks in Europe coincide with concerns that differences over farm policies could derail a December gathering in Hong Kong of trade ministers from 148 countries and customs territories.
The bill should be spiked in favor of the proposal of Representative Martin Meehan, a Massachusetts Democrat, to ban the soft-money plague from the Internet.
But emergency management experts were skeptical of the explanations.
"Children see dog faces and suitcases coming at them," he said.
Mr. Harrison said this constituted a "major policy shift" that had taken place since his last visit to Pyongyang a year ago, adding that he attributed the shift to hard-line military elements that have exerted more control in recent months.
"Institutions have to think about long-term audience trends," Mr. Ellis said.
Robert Carman, 75, a tugboat operator and fourth-generation fisherman, has deep roots on the Island.
A memorandum of understanding signed by the governor and team officials last month was conditioned, in essence, on Giants management resolving several stubborn issues with the developers of Xanadu -- a giant retail and entertainment complex near the current stadium -- regarding parking and traffic.
He said that his four brothers are rabbis, as were the men in his family going back 10 generations.
With the development of nanotechnology -- the science of very small structures -- they may become swarms of "smart dust."
Man: "Sounds like a sales pitch to me."
But if there was a fault, it was the many ecclesiastical allusions.
"Occasionally we do bring in a premium imported nigori sake from Japan, but right now on the menu we have two kinds, both made nearby in the United States."
If I remember correctly, not stealing is one of your Top Ten Ten Commandments.
It's not like pollution, John.
There was and continues to be a lot of residual good will toward that character."
North Korea was condemned for continued "brutal and repressive" treatment of its people; Iran for allowing citizen's freedom to "deteriorate;" and Syria for widespread use of torture, poor prison conditions and mass arrests of Kurds.
"What I did," he said.
Then last month, federal prosecutors unsealed an indictment of Mr. Rosen by a grand jury in California, accusing him of falsely reporting that the August 2000 gala cost $401,419 when it actually cost at least $1.2 million.
The critical task of carrying out humanitarian interventions would fall to regional organizations and "coalitions of the willing" -- precisely the formula that worked in Kosovo, East Timor and Sierra Leone.
(Isherwood) * 'WHO'S AFRAID OF VIRGINIA WOOLF?'
According to the commission, the academy panel had "identified some scenarios that are unreasonable."
Bunch, 25, was not the main suspect, and that investigators believed only one adult was in the apartment at the time.
While it may not rank with Nixon in China or the Golden Spike, this was a formidable east-west chasm to close.
"This is a party where the people are interested in whether the governor managed to shoot an antelope with one shot," said Gov.
At the same time, however, it showed how much room the wording of sensitive advice can leave to be recast in public by others.
"But if you're going to be on TV," he added, "you have to find new ways to use it to make sure you're not ignored."
Its explicit purpose was to preserve need-based financial aid by curbing competition for students with star credentials.
There is Google's cavalier effort, without regard to people's privacy, to sell ads based on the content of people's e-mail.
There was a time when Peck seemed to rule this list.
Several times a day, there are new reports about the plight of relatives and lifelong friends who have retreated from New Orleans and spread out in all directions in a miniature diaspora, of the sort that has been repeated in a thousand extended families with the luck and means to get out in time.
"He's fit, and he'll tell me when to go."
"The Angels have one of the best pitching staffs in baseball, starters and bullpen," he said.
Hey, that's life, we said.
And the 49ers' incumbent starter, Tim Rattay, has not made anyone forget Joe Montana or Steve Young.
But after the Colorado defense loaded up to stop the run, Moss consistently burned the Buffaloes' secondary.
"The fact there is someone there to definitively tell me that I was wrong, that my imagination was wrong, is uncool."
Who were the other key players in the trial?
He is survived by his son, Robert, of Kelowna, British Columbia; and his daughters, Sybil Spragge, of Kamloops, British Columbia, Judy Fox, of Cambridge, Ontario, and Patricia Butler, of Oshawa, Ontario.
And they no longer sell sneakers.
Mr. Olsen-Harbich is the catalyst of the embryonic Long Island Merlot Alliance, an organization of five producers who want to sell the idea that merlot and Long Island are totally synonymous, as are, say, Oregon and pinot noir.
That's an unrealistic burden to put on a patient.
For the time being, makers of luxury goods seem to have embraced this "crime pays" marketing strategy.
After hearing about a 130-year-old clapboard office building for rent in the historic district, David Englander, a lawyer, decided to move his offices from 57th Street in Manhattan to Tappan.
Kim: Yes, they challenged the conventional way of thinking.
I'm afraid I lost that one.'
"This is no new information," said Jonathan B. Skidmore, a partner at Fulbright & Jaworski, which represents Merck.
PAPER MILL PLAYHOUSE "Harold & Maude: The Musical," by Tom Jones and Joseph Thalken; based on the film by Colin Higgins; starring Estelle Parsons.
Such a sudden, epic history with music to match brought Finnish nationalism to a high heat.
In a sudden swoop, an eight-foot-long, 150-pound spotted eagle ray descends, flapping her wings excitedly.
generally support the autopsy, most doctors don't avail themselves of it.
It will focus on the rebuilding of South Louisiana.
And while stars have always used the sizzle of romance to add to their own allure, they are no longer dependent on the fickle attentions of the press.
And the defending champs have their edge back.
We extend our deepest sympathies to Mr. Bacot's wife, Shirley.
So we entered the birthing ward, two sad, somber people engulfed in the miasma of nervous, sweaty joy emanating from all of the spanking-new parents.
It was then reduced to 25 cents.
Mr. Stark also had a hand in numbering apartments, designating even numbers for the east wing and odd for the west.
The proposal failed, but islanders fear that the attempt was a prelude to closing the school.
"I've been to casinos; they're fun," Ms. Gorman said.
Born in Brooklyn, April 5, 1920 to Evelyn and Clarence Grames.
One image showed four bombs, three of them white objects that looked like wheels of Camembert.
Representatives of several private groups have said Russia is trying to persuade many of the former Soviet states in Central Asia to pass similar laws.
After 4 Be7, the Classical Variation of the French Defense arises.
The three-story-high windowless walls were covered with giant electronic screens flashing rows of red, green and yellow numbers like a high-tech gambling casino.
People ask me if an educated palate is a developed skill or God-given.
My guess is that most opera buffs will admire the directing of Maximilian Schell, the acclaimed Austrian actor and director, who has coaxed nuanced performances from a vocally strong cast.
Ms. Cassavetes grew up in Los Angeles and fronted a hardcore punk band called Shrine for seven years before she starting directing.
Rocky, Mr. Queen said, succumbed to the animal within and gave his life over fully to the Mongols.
Penn beat Columbia to clinch the Ivy League and an N.C.A.A.
"I'd like to go, so I can dig in the dirt again," Ms. Davis said.
Service was shut down just before 5 a.m. Vernae Graham, a spokeswoman for Amtrak, said the electrical failure occurred in Rahway when a crane accidentally dropped a beam on the wires that provided power to the trains, severing the connection.
One morning in February, Tracy got up at 4:30, made coffee, filled a commuter mug and climbed into her car with a suitcase to drive east to St. Louis.
Some are convinced that the constitution will unfairly strengthen the power of the new countries of the union.
Mr. Cervantes-Hernández was charged with smuggling and will be prosecuted by the United States attorney's office in Albuquerque.
He acknowledges, however, that the same method might also be used to engineer animals that can be controlled remotely.
It is no coincidence that May 30 was the day the Athletics began their rise toward contending status.
Abbas turned to me and twirled his forefinger around his ear, apparently the internationally understood gesture for "He's crazy."
Joggers Two-guitar interlock defines the songs on the Joggers' album "With a Cape and a Cane" (StarTime International).
?," Nergaard shouts to me.
And those who want to use their cellphones in the future must reregister with the authorities and be fingerprinted.
Mr. Weiner, the former Schumer aide and current Brooklyn congressman, who is now running for mayor, had taken up the cause of Cousin Brucie four days earlier.
Curzio, who may have begun his jape as a satire on Annius, became in time his imitator, doing for Volterra what Annius had done for Viterbo.
PARKER--Evelyn B., on February 18, 2005.
The most recent addition to the Fluke lineup, a model with a koa top, sells for $365 unadorned.
Some critics are disappointed that Mr. Schwab has failed to make any bold moves since his return, given his history of pioneering trends from mutual fund investing to online trading.
He was friendly and gracious.
Eaglet Is Killed Then, on June 10, an 11-week-old eaglet was found limping on a service road on the island, its tail covered with maggots.
"All I'd heard was that it was a gay cowboy movie.
That was the prorated portion of the $350,000 salary his contract called for.
To order The New York Times for your classroom, click here .
"Whenever people come in, they bring ideas, memories -- ideology sometimes," Ms. Deuflhard said.
A senior Wall Street executive who attended a meeting where Refco was pitched said that the biggest concern was that it cleared transactions for many small customers in the United States and overseas whose practices might pose a risk to Wall Street firms.
Two months later, in February, there were three more reports: for verbal abuse, for coming to the house to pick up clothes when he was no longer living there and once more for assault.
"I thought to myself, 'I want to have a family and I want to have a career.'
"Something like this leaves you numb, because you realize it can really happen anywhere.
A national poll of more than 10,000 fans in Ireland has given the accolade to "The Commitments," the 1991 Alan Parker film based on a Roddy Doyle novel about an ill-fated Dublin soul band, Reuters reported.
Nearby, Greg Smith has a grunge installation with a video component.
And where he's overdue to flash that little-boy smile and those twinkling eyes.
Qualifying rounds on Thursday will determine each team's position in the bracket, and the team matchups start Friday.
A familiar figure in the State Capitol for a quarter-century, Mr. Vacek (pronounced VASS-ick) represented a number of well-known corporations and trade organizations.
This recycled and revamped vintage jacket is $1,350.
Ultimately, though, the Dior building is disappointing, because Sanaa was not permitted to rethink the way people shop.
The tolls collected at the bridge, which amounted to $76 million in 2004, account for about 18 percent of those revenues.
Los Angeles - HE should be a very happy man.
Happy Garden(Chinese-Guyanese), 179-11 Hillside Avenue (179th Street), Jamaica, Queens; (718)523-6280.
Bushie and Harriet share the same born-again Christian faith, which they came to in midlife, deciding to adopt Jesus Christ as their saviors.
But a similar setup on the other side of the road remained in place, at least for now, allowing the Israelis to make spot checks.
"She let development run amok."
It was certainly open last night; the Rangers outshot the Islanders, 35-26.
Saver Program, which provided rebates averaging $690 to other homeowners.
Christened or no, a boat is a boat, and Monday was a warm spring night.
Hidden under white cloth, book is placed on something like cake stand for ritual unveiling.
Benson gave the Mets a snapshot last night of how good he can be when everything is working for him, when his slider slides and he hits the corners and, most important, he keeps mistakes to a minimum.
Thomas J. Reese, a Jesuit visiting scholar at Santa Clara University in California, said: "This has even less authority than the instruction.
As cameras rolled, he changed his hair color from blond to brown, sang his first power ballad, stopped drinking vodka, gave up junk food, lost 30 pounds and spent at least eight hours under the knife.
One body lacked a head.
Companies are required to post bonds to ensure that sites are properly reclaimed when mining is completed.
It was not clear where the third victim went to school.
But even documentaries that did not directly tackle contentious public matters -- like Henry-Alex Rubin and Dana Adam Shapiro's rousing, audience-award-winning "Murderball," about quadriplegic rugby players, or Mark Becker's quiet and poignant "Romántico," about a Mexican guitarist's journey home from San Francisco -- seemed motivated by a desire to take hold of some of the hard and strange realities of modern life.
Weren't Bob and I doing precisely what they had instructed us to do?
For nearly half a century, Fisher was among North America's leading industrialist and charitable givers, supporting Jewish and general causes worldwide.
At times its not easy.
Bruce Beinfield, a Norwalk architect, said the front porch fits in well with today's throwback aesthetic in evidence in Rowayton and elsewhere.
When he is in a relationship, what is he good at?
Obviously, we miss her on the track.
The province is poor, but has plentiful coal.
"So I get to experience all of this for the first time."
Whoever runs good among this group will make televised final tables, win major titles, earn millions of dollars and land lucrative endorsements.
TO Douglas Albert Hase, life is one big adventure.
Among them is a $150 million contract with AshBritt, an environmental services company based in Pompano Beach, Fla., for immediate debris removal.
Financing for the project came from a blend of public and private sources.
Mr. Gottschalk was one of the first Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein investment bankers to follow Mr. Wasserstein to Lazard when he left Dresdner in late 2001.
Unless we provide Iraq with good leadership, our plan to spread democracy, which looked so close to victory two years ago, will end in defeat.
Packed off to boarding schools as a teenager, he consumed vast helpings of crime fiction to while away the hours and fend off the boredom.
Adrian Monk, the man who made obsessive-compulsive disorder lovable, returns for a fourth season of "MONK" on USA.
Cut to Cain and Abel.
But when it comes to financial recovery, we may not be so well prepared.
"They're searching for the unknown, they're compensated very minimally, they're going on blind faith that what they're searching for is going to pay off.
The very word "therapist," she declares heatedly, suggests violation, because if you take the word apart, it becomes "the rapist."
The clubhouse, deadly quiet the previous two nights, reverberated with jacked-up sound from the wide-screen television showing the Minnesota-Arizona game.
They are lotahs, small containers some South Asians use to clean themselves after using the bathroom.
The cut man in each corner could become very important, but Leija said a fighter who cuts easily learns to deal with it.
Its name is done in neon cursive over fading jungle scenes, and Franklin Mint-style dinner plates with pictures of Marilyn Monroe fill the front window, which gives no view from Paradise to 33rd Street.
Amy Alexander's work, "theBot," which likes to complain about how hard it works -- it keeps saying, "It's not easy being a bot" -- takes any search term you give it and robotically reads out quotes from its search, including a whole lot of http, slash-slash and www.
Instead we walked behind hedges, through yards, for a mile to her friend Jillian's.
But while the funds rate is the best predictor in the short run, Mr. Sack and other researchers have found that for periods longer than six months, other market instruments, including Treasury bills, display comparable predictive power.
He inherited a strong 49ers team in 1997, and in his first two seasons, the Niners were 13-3 and 12-4.
Mr. Franken also said that the network's new owners "don't legally have to pay it back" -- referring to the loans -- "because we're a different company or something."
These three volumes, weighing in at 2,500 pages, cover the period from Nov. 22, 1963, the day Johnson became president, to the end of January 1964.
This isn't the Jewish Brooklyn of Woody Allen or the Italian Brooklyn of "Moonstruck."
They bring considerable Washington experience -- Mr. Martinez is a former cabinet official and the other six have served in the House -- and they promise to change the political complexion of the Senate, where Republicans have increased their majority by four seats.
After surfing through the glowing, chest-baring glitterati, we came across DAVID NORMAN, a roly-poly fellow who described himself as Ms. Stone's "tour manager, accountant, psychologist, and baby sitter."
Tulip fields should be in bloom and many communities will be holding special events.
"What is your view on Roe v. Wade?
1 in the Associated Press news media poll, although Louisiana State won the Bowl Championship Series.
But the folding fan -- which originated in Japan sometime between A.D. 500 and 1000, became popular in China during the 15th and 16th centuries and caught on in Europe in the 17th century -- has special fascination for her.
doormen, renovated kitchen, c/a, terrace; maintenance $1,109, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $999,000.
The actual time a boxer spends fighting is minuscule set beside the interminable preparation, training, "intrigue and .
"Al is one of the top goaltending prospects in hockey and we are extremely pleased to have signed him," Rangers General Manager Glen Sather said in a statement released by the team.
The play was a learning process for Mr. Dudley, who soon found himself hunched over a software manual while motorcyclists waited outside his house, ready to deliver the discs to the theater.
The wounded flooded into hospital wards, and American soldiers and Iraqi policemen in blue uniforms tried to cordon off the blast site, stepping around pools of blood, shards of glass and charred metal wreckage.
He will forever remain in our memories.
Like Mr. Quin, several of the painters engage in a balancing act between representation and abstraction.
Elsewhere there are "cripes," "dratted," "noggin" and "nutter."
The DNA sequence of humans, chimps and bonobos is generally very similar, but in the section that controls response to the hormone vasopressin, the Emory researchers have found the human and bonobo versions differ significantly from that of the chimp.
But this is no self-righteous tract.
One criticism is that pay-for-performance still rewards doctors for doing something.
As Treasurer and then Chairman, his leadership provided the rationale and encouragement for unprecedented growth at the school, including the development of the Poly Prep Lower School in Prospect Park.
Consumers are also snapping up as many hybrid electric vehicles as the industry produces, with sales of the Toyota Prius up 90 percent and the hybrid version of the Ford Escape having a record sales month.
Many of these developers, meanwhile, sit on the boards of major museums.
"A vocal thing, a cry of pain and joy just like the blues.
"Her whole life has been in prosecution, in the field of criminal justice that she knows and likes," said George Williams, chairman of the Oswego County Republicans.
Mrs. Cassara said she planned to use any money won in the lawsuit to create a private Christian school for underprivileged children, named in her son's honor.
Volunteer workers will visit the restoration site on July 9 to talk about the area and overall plans.
He noted, as have many with experience in the 1970's era of television, that networks back then gave series more time to grow, and that he never got the note from network executives that crops up all the time these days: "Make this or that character more likable."
Something simple and to the point, like the Shred, works too.
They are 30 percent more efficient than standard panels, but more expensive to install.
They said the 11 injured workers were admitted to Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan and Elmhurst Hospital Center in Queens.
"We moved up to ninth place in the standings, but I'm not trying to pay too much attention to that," McMurray said.
Indiana also recently passed a new photo-identification requirement, and several other states, including Ohio, are considering the addition of such requirements.
But you can't rely on that."
They're among the people who make you wonder if a separate baggage car should be created, or at a minimum, a freight charge imposed.
A mouse, a rat and a simple servant girl embark on a magical journey.
Advocates for the Mexicans say most are hard-working and fill a demand for low-paid manual labor.
New London is 100 miles northwest of Boston.
Phil Rosenberg West New York, N.J.
Taking the lawless minibuses off the streets reduces congestion and lets the traffic flow more freely.
On Thursday, after days of hearing witnesses tell of boys and girls as young as 6 being imprisoned after the Dujail shootings, Mr. Hussein protested vehemently against the court's decision to allow a witness who was only 8 at the time to testify, saying it violated the Koran's injunction against violating the innocence of youth.
Clijsters spent fewer than three hours on court in the tournament; Henin-Hardenne played for nearly seven hours.
Affectation is quickly and viscerally registered.
"People don't want to do that," Dr. Pryor said.
They argued that a fertilized human egg represented a potential unique individual and that creating such eggs solely for research was wrong.
What made it possible was that the idea came from a young Moroccan-Dutch actor, Mimoun Oaïssa, who not only introduced Mr. ter Heerdt to Moroccan family life but also played the lead role in the movie.
"Icarus" continues through Monday at the Linhart Theater @ 440 Studios, 440 Lafayette Street, between Astor Place and Fourth Street, East Village; (212)279-4488.
The first scene of this production calls for the three Daughters, behind a scrim and wearing a flying harness, to simulate swimming during a carefully choreographed 18 minutes (and after perhaps 100 hours of rehearsal) that takes them from 5 to 30 feet off the ground.
8 P.M. (Bravo) CIRQUE DU SOLEIL: LA NOUBA -- The Cirques and the Urbains compete on the high wire, the flying trapeze and elsewhere.
In 1967, Chevy offered a Camaro pace car option package -- a white convertible with a blue stripe around its nose -- through dealerships and repeated the promotion in 1969, this time with stripes and interior trim in bright orange.
"Grad school is good at providing a sense of purpose.
With those nations, Mr. Bush seemed to be pleading for their leaders to give him just enough evidence of slow liberalization so that he could declare them to be recovering autocrats, who are coming to see the light.
They could certainly do worse for a pick-me-up.
To the Editor: Re "For Sale: Our Permanent Collection," by Lee Rosenbaum (Op-Ed, Nov. 2): The New York Public Library is not an art museum and should not be considered in that light.
Even at the Smithsonian in Washington, where admission is free, out-of-towners average seeing only 2.5 museums a day.
But in some places, a sense of the wild remains.
But Justine Henin-Hardenne was not quite so certain after making her latest great escape, saving two match points against her bigger and stronger, yet somehow weaker, fourth-round opponent -- Svetlana Kuznetsova -- before winning, 7-6 (6), 4-6, 7-5.
The core commercial district is roughly bounded by Tillary Street to the north, Flatbush Avenue to the east, Atlantic Avenue to the south and Court Street/Cadman Plaza to the west.
A detached carriage house has room to park one car.
Her Broadway credits included Pajama Game, My Fair Lady, Annie Get Your Gun, Evita, Onward Victoria, Fiddler on the Roof, Carousel and Oklahoma.
It just looked too, too perfect.
His remarks were a nod to his new party, Kadima, which means "forward" in Hebrew.
There is no secret about the U.N. -- at its worst it is a talking shop, where a lot of people don't speak English and where they occasionally do ridiculous things, like appoint Libya to oversee human rights, and even mendacious things, like declaring Zionism to be racism.
It's not inside or outside, but its own exquisite zone."
I must submit my column by Friday morning; the space Sunday will be devoted to reader letters about my two previous columns, as regularly scheduled.
As Dillon high-stepped into the end zone, a Steelers fan tossed his yellow Terrible Towel at Dillon's feet while the Patriots celebrated in the end zone.
I dreamed I went to a Broadway show that was supposed to be madly eccentric and surreal, featuring a giant lemon, transvestite angel and a hero with Tourette's syndrome.
There, garlands of flowers draped a black-and-white photo of Mr. Zhao.
At Lights On, ambition and hope are the driving forces.
"I don't know if I've ever felt this good here before," the seventh-seeded Agassi said in his postmatch remarks to the crowd, most of whom remained firmly in place even though this quarterfinal match lasted 2 hours 51 minutes, and did not finish until 1:09 a.m. "For 20,000 people to still be here, I wasn't the winner, tennis was," said Agassi, the oldest man in the semifinals here since Jimmy Connors in 1991 at age 39.
Each time, Beltran said yes.
Mr. Rios joined the National Guard a year ago, she said.
He painted as a hobby, mostly at the end of his life.
Exploring the connection between Mozart and Russia is a dubious proposition, because there was none.
Roger Lange, director of public affairs at the Landmarks Conservancy, has tracked the fate of the Admiral's Row houses for five years and opposes their demolition.
You've got to take it one step at a time."
(Chinen) RUSS LOSSING TRIO (Tuesday) Open spaces often insinuate themselves in the music of Mr. Lossing, who has an engaging new album, "Phrase 6" (Fresh Sound), featuring John Hebert, bassist, and Jeff Williams, drummer.
As people began screaming while flames poured from the building, a number of dramatic rescues unfolded.
Mirram had lobbying revenue of $246,000 last year.
It quickly found a buyer, however, and the new owner, Bob Helvie, who has based the company in Indiana, said he would be happy to build anyone a custom Xcursion model camper based on a Dodge or Ford four-wheel-drive pickup.
IBRAHIM AL-JAAFARI, Iraq's new prime minister.
In that span, Clark missed three shots and turned the ball over twice.
The demand of Kurds in northern Iraq for a continuation of autonomy, and for possession of their region's oil wealth, troubles Turkey, which has its own problems with a restive Kurdish minority.
That would take way more than cabbage strudel.
The SARS virus is just one cause of the syndrome, a currently untreatable condition that causes up to a million deaths worldwide each year.
Mr. Hyun said Washington had not kept its word in the past, so the donation of the plant must precede any North Korean concessions.
Patrick Mahoney, a Presbyterian minister who heads the Christian Defense Coalition.
is such a worthy cause.
Seattle Slew paid $2.80 to win in completing his Triple Crown.
THE struggle to ensure fair treatment for investors is far from won.
Below the lobby level lies the Speakeasy restaurant, which operated as a Prohibition-era hideout for the likes of Bugsy Siegel, Carol Lombard and Clark Gable.
Respect, he said, is the goal, so that "your next generation is going to be A-O.K.
Chief Makes Changes With General Motors continuing to lose its once dominant grip on American car buyers, G.M.
"This is not about not-in-my-backyard.
But it's also because people aren't buying the stuff in the way they were when the music was a really new thing back in the early 90's."
But a decade after Bill Pecota retired, his name is growing more prominent each winter.
"This does not sound like him," said Leslie-Ann Davidson, his former companion, who said that Mr. Cameron called her soon after he was arrested.
's that raise the level of serotonin available to the brain.
Mr. Lanteri, in black leather pants, his shoulder-length hair slicked back, stood before the sea of bare and anxious knees and read the names of the top three male and female dancers in the teenage and senior categories, who would rush backstage and put on their costumes for a final performance before the panel of 12 judges in the audience.
"This practice has been there for a long time, but it is getting worse now because there is desperation," said Penston Kilembe, Malawi's director of social welfare services.
The low-power variant will affect only Intel's 65-nanometer manufacturing process, the company's most advanced to date.
The Musketeers (Stephen Cabral, David Weitzer and David Velarde) also don't seem as brash as Musketeers ought to be, perhaps because the small stage doesn't give them enough room to Musk about.
"We have also asked them for a list of names of who might be affected."
Though few specifics have been spelled out, the idea is to make better use of idle railyards and dormant platform space, as well as sections of the terminal that have been closed to the public for decades, those involved in the deal say.
Then Mr. LaLanne is off again.
In 1987, he received the prestigious John Peters Award of the American Society of Nephrology for his lifetime contributions.
Betty Balcomb Dear Diary: Recently I passed a store in Chelsea that had a table outside with handbags and, according to its sign, an unusual pricing policy.
Rick Moody and the Christian art rocker Brother Danielson debate the finer points of religion beforehand.
Amy Lemle, President Richard J. Jacobs, Rabbi Jack Stern, Jr., Rabbi Emeritus
"That one right there, that'll go right on my living room wall," he said, pointing to the picture and revealing a tattoo on his forearm that said "White Power."
The alliteration that drove its predecessor phrase, chicken feed, into innocuous desuetude is a stinging attack on the arrogance of those enviable richies who supposedly use the term.
In May, Washington restricted further growth in seven categories of Chinese-made textiles to 7.5 percent for the rest of this year, after inflows of shirts, trousers, underwear and other garments grew by as much as 1,500 percent following the Jan. 1 lifting of global quotas on textile exports.
Some blind runners have calibrated pace and distance so precisely that they announce landmarks that would otherwise go unacknowledged by their sighted companions.
From Las Vegas: $483 (US Airways).
This was the first place in New York where I felt at home."
In a statement, FM Global said it was "surprised and disappointed by the suit, but we're confident in our position because we believe our policy language is clear."
That involves producing hydrogen in a usable form and then somehow regularly distributing it in what is likely to be a pressurized and potentially explosive state to individual cars.
In New York, recent graduates may have a better option because they do not have to count their parents' income when applying for Healthy New York, the state's insurance program for low-income residents.
For that artistic challenge, the cast deserves spirited applause, if not a call for "Encore."
"I said, 'listen to it for a while, it's marvelous music,"' Mr. Johannesen told an interviewer in 1978.
"Are there rattlesnakes out here?"
"The drivers were stuck for several days on the side of the road about 10 miles from Camp Beauregard.
A creator of New York's jazzy hip-hop sound, D.J.
An uproar ensued, and the agency agreed to keep running the G line to Forest Hills -- but only in evenings, at nights and on weekends.
"It's much more democratic," said Orran Farmer, the maître d'hôtel.
This year, Westchester residents voted down budgets in six of the more than 40 districts -- in addition to the Tarrytowns, the rebels were Yorktown, Edgemont, Elmsford, Greenburgh and Port Chester.
And it countered arguments by her family, who badly wanted to win custody of Ms. Schiavo, that she was responsive and could improve with therapy.
"There is a lot of post-traumatic stress syndrome."
The main reason for her move was to save money, she said.
Prices range from $10 for a snack to $30 and up for a meal.
A12 Liberal Fears on Court Fight As liberal groups scramble to rally grass-roots supporters in the days before the confirmation hearings for President Bush's Supreme Court nominee, Judge John.
Fallibility becomes a badge of sensitivity.
That is when White Sox shortstop Juan Uribe turned into a pocket-sized Derek Jeter.
It was a really good match, circa 2005.
Robert C. McNair of the Texans was the first N.F.L.
When people's lives hang in the balance, efficiency must prevail over parochialism.
Officials said the substance was most likely baking soda, not baking powder.
Irving helped pioneer the industrial power transmission industry of which his firm Patron Transmissions became a leader.
The musical, about a reunion of showgirls, is the largest production in this Berkshires theater company's history.
"I don't think Vodafone will ever be a growth stock, but I don't think it's on a perpetual decline either."
With 10 minutes 8 seconds remaining in the second quarter and Philadelphia ahead, 14-7, McNabb threw to tight end L.J.
"We understand there are people who come to the park as an escape, who are sensitive to commercial intrusions, and we try to be sensitive to that," Mr. Biederman said, adding that there had been few complaints.
"For digital components, you can design anything you want, whether it's artificial life or a dishwasher controller, and just like you print characters on a piece of paper, you can print your design," he said.
Unlike Jefferson, he was not a devotee of high principle and a practitioner of high prose.
In four hours, the animal had moved all of 396 feet as the crow flies.
Last night, a Coast Guard airplane, helicopter and three boats trained searchlights on the water and canvassed the ocean off Nobadeer Beach, which lies just south of the Nantucket airport.
But he was showing an attitude that I didn't like.
Parents line up at 5 a.m. to get slots in just the right neighborhood preschool and bring their children to specialists upon noticing the slightest delay in speech or motor coordination.
"What is wrong with our federal government?"
But the general community also leased it for events and Mr. Hufford's best friend's wedding reception was held there.
His desserts also take a cue from tradition.
Edwin M. Kilbourne, a professor emeritus at New York Medical College who argued for the vaccination program in 1976, said there was actually less reason to be concerned about a pandemic today.
His English is virtually nonexistent, and his Krio, the local language, is inflected with his native Italian.
Kirkland, which has said it did not engage in malpractice but declined to comment further on its representation of Morgan, is still retained by the bank in other matters and is a consultant to other firms now handling the Perelman litigation.
"I set the focus where I want it, and then I move the camera until it's in focus."
The best passages deal with treacherous river crossings, where the mighty oxen, animals seldom heard from in this modern world, must find the bottom with their clawing hooves or drown.
Calcuttans might not want to talk about their presumptive saint, but when I asked them about adda, they wouldn't shut up.
The initial commercials for the Lucerne take a confident tone, playing up features like quieter interiors and heated windshield-washer fluid, which are intended to woo the finicky target audience: affluent drivers ages 40 to 60 with "high expectations," as Margaret Brooks, marketing director for Buick in Detroit, put it, "who demand proof to consider any product" before buying.
They mashed the controller joysticks with their thumbs, bobbing the soldiers' heads back and forth roughly in time with important words in each line.
On one form of last year's test, a verbalscore of 49 converted to a 345, while a perfect math score of 50 converted to a 365, a 20-point gap.
She's equally skillful with the character's quiet moments.
"Whether we finish first, second or third, I don't think it's that important.
Construction workers installing electrical lines were digging trenches in the parking lot of the strip mall across the street from the Monmouth Mall about 11:30 a.m. when they accidentally severed a buried natural gas line, said Capt.
YONKERS -- "Delizie Invernali (Winter Delights)," spaghetti dinner, music and crafts with Santa Claus.
"All this is doing is putting more money in the pockets of management, not putting money back into the company to assure the long-term value shareowners require," Rob Feckner, head of CalPERS Investment Committee, said last June.
Maturity sets in when a team or a player becomes aware of laying track, making history.
But they will still be painful because Mr. Hurd said most of the job losses will be "involuntary."
Jesse Jackson, have objected to calling the storm victims refugees, asserting that the word is inappropriate and even racist.
Funeral Mass Monday, 10 am, St. Joseph's Church, Yorkville.
This idea that he was a thinker and not very passionate -- needless to say, that's not the way I'm playing it.
Mr. Pinter even demands that his interpreters analyze the relative weights and measures of different kinds of speechlessness.
The program on the "Music Before 1800" series is called "Lost Songs of a Rhineland Harper," and examines music of the 10th and 11th centuries.
The Iraqi Islamic Party, a Sunni Arab political group that supported the constitution, said Saturday that seven Sunni Arabs were killed in the last few days in Dora, a Baghdad suburb.
It would be most useful when youths swarm into stores and begin stealing en masse, a phenomenon known in Britain as steaming.
Nor is she the only one of his subjects who has since died.
The mukhabarat, he said, runs Jordan's politics.
Stir-fry just until everything is well heated, another 30 seconds to 1 minute, adding up to 1/4 cup more water if pan becomes dry.
The memory of a time when American party politics was worthy of a writer's respect, let alone professional involvement, has almost disappeared.
Katherine A. Lathrop, a pioneering researcher in nuclear medicine and a member of a University of Chicago team that developed an isotope widely used to locate and diagnose cancers, died on March 10 at a nursing home in Las Cruces, N.M. She was 89.
No more chairs," says Caniato, who first met Starck at age 10, when the designer was experimenting with molded-plastic seating for Kartell.
"He's never hit a lull, I don't think," Edwards said.
We are trying to work together.
TAWANA TIBBS and BRUCE GORDON.
Its season is already under way with Richard Dresser's "Rounding Third," a comedy about two Little League baseball coaches, which runs through Oct. 3.
Some hospitals had 100 percent compliance, but some were at 50 percent.
Mr. Bochco does not have much time for withdrawal pains.
"It impressed me and it still impresses me," said Abdul Aziz Awan, a 56-year-old ophthalmologist who had suffered the anguish of sitting with his younger brother for three hours, while the brother slowly bled to death beneath the rubble here.
Mr. Volcker told reporters he expected that his preliminary report, scheduled for the end of the month, would emerge instead in the first week in February.
Mr. Charyn comes from the Crotona Park section of the Bronx, where my elders lived.
But the firm also had a fanciful streak, beginning with the New York Yacht Club of 1899, at 37 West 44th, with its limestone facade modeled on the sterns of early Dutch ships.
The per-view fee will reach its top rate in early 2006, at slightly less than a penny, people involved with the negotiations said.
If they are not learning enough from their doctors about diagnoses and treatment options, they can turn to organizations that offer support and education programs for specific illnesses.
Geordie's intel ligence, leadership and compassion were an inspiration to all who knew her.
Among his favorite props were stuffed dummies and effigy figures, but he was unsatisfied with their fixed facial expressions.
Like most Catholics back then, and perhaps even now, I had never held a Bible in my hands.
The shocked looks and the howls of anguish upon the arrival of a beef brisket cured them of complaining about turkey.
Anyone owing more than $25 in back taxes is ineligible for the rebate, so the lure of a $400 check is an "incentive for people to come forward," the commissioner said.
Make no mistake: Estonia is grateful to be in the European fold.
Surely he did believe in the cruelty of life -the laughter that is all that remains of the woman, Ua, to whom Embi had surrendered himself, and who has vanished.
The executive spoke on condition of anonymity, because he said he did not want to ruin his relationship with the bank.
By 1793, however, Lavoisier fell victim to the calumnies circulated by his envious scientific rival, Jean-Paul Marat, who was also a Jacobin pamphleteer.
Still, Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian leader, is saying and doing the right things.
General Musharraf, for his part, has taken what many here considered a radical, post-Sept. 11 step by disavowing jihad in Kashmir.
Indeed, it's a rare news organization that is trusted by more than one-third of the people in either party: the one thing Democrats and Republicans agree on is that the news media are not trustworthy.
So if Ms. Stanley couldn't have seen the nudge, why not publish a correction?
"How unsearchable are his judgments and how inscrutable his ways!"
According to German news reports, Mr. Schröder has told intimates that he will play no role in the coalition government.
Rather than continue your guerrilla war on the bulletin board, speak to your Y's director.
Taxpayers must now itemize, instead of taking the standard deduction, if they want a tax break for their gifts.
"All this wealth and privilege were hers for the taking, and she intended to grab them with both hands," the book yawns about Caroline.
"Something gnawed at me, and I knew what it was -- the whole head-of-a-public-company routine," Donald wrote in "Surviving," relating his previous experience as a manager of Resorts International.
He will be succeeded by the chief executive, Stephen Green, a longtime HSBC banker who has led the investment and corporate banking divisions and once ran the bank's business in South America.
Billy Graham, 86, his once-booming baritone reduced to a scratchy whisper, is set to preach to New York City once again, for what he and his aides say is probably his final crusade.
There, like Washington, he bade farewell to those in his charge.
He suggested it might be a better match for a similar magazine like Scientific American.
It is not necessarily an indication of contrition or reform."
A doctor pleaded for help in providing care at the 16 camps in his area, 6 of which could be reached only by boat.
As soon as it becomes illegal to desecrate the American flag, the flag will no longer symbolize freedom, but instead will symbolize oppression.
It had every right to do so, and responsibility to get a good return.
Before her journey, she worked as an accountant at a sugar company in Lima, Peru, where she had a comfortable and secure existence.
It involves a potent object penetrating the heavens.
9 2 FOUNDING MOTHERS, by Cokie Roberts.
"So, hopefully, some antibiotics can knock that out."
To date, First Command has issued more than 8,000 restitution checks totaling more than $3.6 million, primarily to active and retired military personnel.
The revisions are certain to result in significant changes in the way economists assess the Chinese economy, investment in the country and perhaps its role in the global markets.
Memorial services to be announced at St. John the Divine.
But her dog, Oliver, died three days later, after $4,000 in veterinary treatment.
The result is a thickish, consistent blend of milk and coffee, quite unlike the pallid concoction that passes for latte elsewhere.
Bahrain's foreign minister, Sheik Khalid bin Ahmed al-Khalifa, who presided over the session on Saturday, said at a news conference that Egypt's objections could not be ironed out because they were presented at the last moment.
Moreover, it will be split into two groups, one catering to individuals and one to institutional investors.
A fire marshal at the scene, Chief Robert Byrnes, said the blaze did not appear to be suspicious, but that an investigation was continuing.
Users can record an audio message by dialing a toll-free number or by using a microphone attached to the computer.
How would an eccentrically located spire behave in high winds?
"Were I to discover that a student was gambling online, I would probably tell them to stop and give them a warning."
Later yesterday, a police spokeswoman, who spoke in return for anonymity under standard police procedures, said of some news organizations: "Obviously they made their own decision.
"It was like an angel had come from nowhere," Mr. Hetrick says.
"You will comply," she said, "because if you don't, you're going to be very, very ill." Ms. Voigt, who resumed performing just seven weeks after surgery, has been encouraged by the strong critical reaction to her singing since then.
In December 2004, Berry-Hill bought "Kids," a 1906 George Bellows depicting children of the Lower East Side tenements, at Sotheby's for $6.1 million.
And, Mom was right: black doesn't show dirt.
Another Cleveland Clinic cardiologist, Dr. Steven E. Nissen, also has raised questions about the drug.
The company's strongest performance was in the cable networks business, where revenue jumped 15 percent, to $1.6 billion, and operating income rose 11 percent, to $682 million.
AND travelers like Mrs. Freeman are taking full advantage of that.
He remembers that the screech of the nearby Third Avenue El depressed him.
"All my friends are married," Ms. Pecora said.
And that, romantic as it might sound, is exactly the problem.
The claim by Mr. Garment, who was acting special counsel, in his 2000 book "In Search of Deep Throat," that a Republican strategist, John P. Sears, was behind the Watergate leaks was knocked down immediately by Mr. Sears, as well as by Mr. Woodward and Mr. Bernstein.
Mark Oline, the managing director of Fitch Ratings, which also downgraded G.M.
(His interpreter was Chico Borja, a former player for the Cosmos who is from Belleville, N.J.) "It was totally crazy that they wouldn't play in the rain.
Superb performances, especially by Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
In the sixth grade, he worked on a political campaign, passing out fliers and going door to door for a local candidate.
Mr. Hartman, the Seattle consultant, said that while functional foods had always been a great idea, the category is an enigma.
The order of thousands of genes was the same.
(The FX1's big brother, the HVR-Z1, has XLR inputs and many other perks, but it costs $5,000.)
8 p.m., The Stone, Avenue C at Second Street, East Village, www.thestonenyc.com, $10.
Convinced that her design skills and craftsmanship weren't up to snuff, she took a different path.
Still relatively unknown, the group delighted in Mr. Ezrin's obvious discomfort with their gender-bending.
He said the stock remained undervalued.
"It was like we were a fad," Mr. Cooper said.
Minaya disclosed that the Mets had not offered salary arbitration to Mike Piazza, the final formality in ending Piazza's eight-year tenure with the team.
By no means is this a concern only in Connecticut.
That would upset her tremendously, so she embarked on a speed hunt.
Representative Charles B. Rangel, a Democrat whose district includes Harlem, is demanding more information about the girl's case from Michael J. Garcia, who heads Immigration and Customs Enforcement, within the Department of Homeland Security.
I couldn't have told you what they got away with.
There are many different, more important questions that have to asked."
Another Golden Fleece Award went to the National Institute for Mental Health, which spent $97,000 to study, among other things, what went on in a Peruvian brothel.
My husband and I have lived in Larchmont for 22 years, and we raised our children here.
"People don't know what I am anymore as a writer," Mr. Abbott said in an interview at his second floor office in London's Soho district.
He said he had no doubt he would have to call on them, as he had been warned by the team's veterans to expect defensive shifts.
Energized, Tony Womack started a double steal with Jeter running on the back end.
For most of the young women who responded to e-mail questions, a major factor shaping their attitudes seemed to be their experience with their own mothers, about three out of five of whom did not work at all, took several years off or worked only part time.
This proud son of the Bronx does not mind losing one more connection to his Irish past.
That approach is endorsed by Fanny Montalvo, director of client services at Fenwick-Keats.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has unleashed what appears to be the most extensive advertising campaign in city history, overwhelming his Democratic opponent -- and New Yorkers in general -- with a blizzard of commercials on television, according to data compiled from media research and cable companies.
has also threatened to sue the company if it brings the Chery name to the United States, saying it is too close to G.M.
Or so says Arthur Lubow (far left), who spent time in Tokyo interviewing the architects behind Sanaa (Page 148).
"We just couldn't get to them."
Meets with success at free spot on East 30th Street between First and Second Avenues.
Even though insurance prices in Florida are among the highest in the country, they are being restrained by tough building codes, which reduce damage and risk for insurance companies, and a state fund that pays much of the losses in the worst hurricanes.
DR2 Theater, 103 East 15th Street, Flatiron district, (212)239-6200.
Jack Riley, who played Dr. Hartley's neurotic patient Elliot Carlin, admitted he once thought about going into group therapy himself.
The evening includes some oldies; two tracks from his new album, "Devils & Dust" ("Got my finger on the trigger/But I don't know who to trust"); a discussion of his music; and a well-received impersonation of Smokey Robinson.
In a letter to The Times, Mr. Parker said his statement about "lying, distorting, misrepresenting, and intentionally perverting people's points of view" referred to shortcomings in documentary films in general.
But the analytic method also gives the surfaces of Mr. Ross's paintings an optically gripping, all-over texture and, in the instance of two all-green pictures, an extraordinarily complex, vibrating luminosity.
(Curiously, Vince seems to have picked up the gesture, which can be seen in another forthcoming episode titled "The List."
I went to the news division and suggested '60 Minutes II."'
(Smith) 'BRIDGE FREEZES BEFORE ROAD' This big, hot group show of the summer pays homage to Robert Smithson and casually retools countercultural languages of yesteryear for the 21st century.
Con Ed says about 95 percent of its residential customers simply shrug and throw the fliers away.
Many scholars have noted with alarm that our country's basic science-education programs are not up to snuff, but our industrial-arts programs have also been decimated, and preparatory courses like shop and drafting are no longer widely taught.
Even at that, Ms. Mitchell realized, Blake had fared better than several friends who were nowhere to be seen in the procession of gowns and mortarboards.
The Army wants Future Combat to be a smaller, faster force than the one now fighting in Iraq.
"There should be movement of ideas and audiences and art through all three theaters," Mr. Ritchie said.
Kyle Boller had three fumbles (he recovered two) and two interceptions.
Bistro Chartreuse A newcomer to the revival scene in Yonkers, Bistro Chartreuse is at once youthful, perfectionistic and unapologetically French.
Beginning in 2000, Bonds's yearly home run output has exceeded all but one of his previous seasons.
Add all but 2 tablespoons to the soup.
And it is not clear what the Tibetan leadership makes of Tsundue.
The country's urban development minister, Muhammad Yousuf Pashtun, mused over dinner recently.
She said more dogs could be sick because there is no state requirement to report the cases.
"Truth and illusion," as she says toward the end of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
But halfway around the world, it was the war that would separate them.
But Mr. Corzine is believed to be far richer.
Produced by PJ Productions and Springs Media for ABC News.
It is significant that even the more vociferous opponents of the book did not insist it come off the school library shelves (though thieves apparently took care of that).
"You know, I always catch up with it but not always in real time, because if I read everything on our blog, and read everything about our blog, I wouldn't be doing anything else all day."
Last month, responding to critics who foresaw the possibility of anti-American artwork or programs in the building, Gov.
He will either pitch against the Yankees or the Angels in the league championship series this week.
Still, this book can be regarded as a tour guide's view of Mount Rushmore.
Instead, the work will remain as a permanent installation to be enjoyed by Vista employees and their guests -- a private oasis of aerosol art in the heart of the meat market.
One of the photographers, Drew Harty, is also a videographer.
He signed a contract in April with a buyer who agreed to pay $850,000 for the three-family house at 31-32 42nd Street.
So Randolph, the former Yankee coach who waited patiently for the chance to manage, will have to wait until at least Wednesday for his first victory.
Battery life is rated at 40 hours of recording.
Mr. Kennedy sought the advice of the Rev.
One with these requirements would, doubtless, secure my affections.
Israeli officials declined to comment on the latest development, noting only that Israel has not changed its belief that Hezbollah is a terrorist organization that must be disarmed.
He said the agreement was presented as if it had been signed by all parties when it had not -- though Ms. Rice never claimed that the overall agreement had been signed.
That's what my mom always says: 'Everyone has their chance."'
There were hints over the years that my friends and I should have noticed.
Large fish are not uncommon to the Manhattan Cup, which coincides with the end of the stripers' annual mating ritual in the Hudson River -- the second largest spawning ground for stripers in the world after the Chesapeake Bay.
Last season, they never looked back after sweeping Oakland to start an eight-game winning streak.
That policy was tightened after a spike in reported substance abuse within the department's ranks after 9/11 and a series of embarrassing incidents, including an accident last year in which the driver of a fire truck was found to have had cocaine in his system.
Five years later: "CJ picks on me at conference.")
The thrust stage has enticed audiences and given a new lift, literally, to the music-making.
All four banks declined to comment on Wednesday or did not return phone calls seeking comment.
Ties between SUNY and the executive branch have been close before.
There will be amendments and counteramendments in the Senate next week.
Tracks like "B-Day" prove that he can still assemble infinitesimal sounds into surprisingly strong, supple rhythm machines.
The president is planning to rely on "spending cuts" instead to pay for rebuilding New Orleans.
Mr. Burzych said that O'Hare needed a third parallel runway for bad-weather landings, but that the plan would realign six runways in parallel.
FULTON--Robert Edison, was one of the most interesting men I have ever known.
A few weeks ago, though, Tola, 29, came to New York to run races over several months and is staying with Feyissa.
But North, tempted by his long diamond suit, moved on to five hearts.
If that slim difference holds up or narrows, it would be a huge improvement over the circumstances that Republicans faced in 2001, when Mr. McGreevey beat Bret Schundler by 14 percentage points.
Yasir Arafat was hardly the only leader of a nationalist movement who ruled his downtrodden masses dictatorially.
The United States Embassy also alerted Americans to be wary, saying while protests were aimed at Japan they could turn against "foreigners in general."
All the while, Ms. Newkirk lay still, eyes closed, thin fingers quivering around the floral bouquet.
When she answered no to all his questions, he invited her to dinner.
Shares of Take-Two fell 14 cents yesterday, to $24.16, in Nasdaq composite trading.
In 21 first-half minutes, Kidd had 26 points, 7 rebounds, 4 assists and 3 steals.
Mr. Mamet, famous for his all-male verbal boxing matches, does nothing to contradict critics who regard him as misogynistic.
We have things we need to do, and we are taking tough medicine.
The property had been owned by the United Arab Emirates (which paid $220,000 for it in 1978) but it was in need of a complete and costly renovation.
(Johnson) Galleries: Uptown HUBERTUS GOJOWCZYK: 'THE BOOK AS OBJECT' If Joseph Cornell had been a librarian, he might have produced sculptures like the fantastically altered books that this Polish artist creates.
We don't have enough guys defending and playing defense like we did last year."
Correction Appended Zimmer Holdings and the orthopedics division of Smith & Nephew said yesterday that they had been subpoenaed by the Justice Department, which is seeking documents related to dealings with hip and knee implant surgeons.
I tried to keep a unity between the two album covers, and I chose to use some Renaissance iconography.
Many names familiar to followers of 20th-century folk and outsider art are on hand, including William Edmondson, the Rev.
They require their processors, for example, to hire a certified outside assessor to do an annual security assessment.
The aim was to prevent Microsoft from having any unfair advantage over rival music and video players.
No statistic in sports is quite as accepted, yet universally stupefying, as quarterback rating.
In the first round, Corey Smith had 25 points and Vanderbilt (19-13) held off a late rally for a 67-60 victory over Indiana (15-14), which was making its first N.I.T.
David Brooks ("Mr. President, Let's Share the Wealth," column, Feb. 8) suggests giving every child born in America $1,000 to start out in life.
In 2000, he lost his left leg during shelling between Indian and Pakistani forces.
In a statement, Hansoll also said the report was full of errors.
"Alex has got toughness about him," he said.
"I want to make sure that the images aren't interpreted as legitimate anti-Israel cartoons," Cohen said.
The stem cell initiative, Proposition 71, was an effort to circumvent federal restrictions on research involving human embryonic stem cells.
Rumsey Playfield, midpark at 70th Street, , (212) 360-2777.
Blackmun made his objections known within the court.
He also predicts that the average price of a room will be $230 a night, 14 percent higher than the average price of $201.76 a night in 2004 as reported by Smith Travel Research.
Built in 1891 for William K. Vanderbilt and other wealthy summer residents, it was rebuilt in 1928 with the help of 150 Shinnecock laborers, and several subsequent generations of the tribe worked there as groundskeepers and caddies.
She added: "The independent board members are running a transparent and thoughtful search process.
George Greig, a portfolio manager at William Blair & Company, said he was seeking businesses "that benefit from low inflation because they can cut costs, or companies that can still benefit from higher prices, mainly the commodity complex."
It may be silly to worry that history will repeat itself.
Politically, Ms. Jacobs said it was hard to tell where the speech "fits into everything" in Mr. Suozzi's future.
Do you want a phone call?
The Patriots struck late in the first half when safety Rodney Harrison returned a Roethlisberger interception 87 yards for a touchdown, giving New England a 24-3 lead.
"Having him by my side, it's an unbelievable feeling," Bengie said of Jose.
The company's stock, trading below $36 a share in the aftermarket, was down 33 percent from its high of $54.70 in mid-2004.
Queen of popular culture, shopper extraordnaire, clever raconteur--and expert chef behind her Weber grill--we will never forget her.
Four years in the making, it was inspired by a fact that haunted Ms. Konits when she was a child: her mother's first cousin, Dr. Henry Abrams -- who had been Albert Einstein's ophthalmologist and friend -- kept Einstein's eyes in a jar inside a dresser drawer.
When Mawangu Mingiedi, 72, a musician and truck driver from Kinshasa in Congo, built a sound system for his street band, Konono No.
Appropriately, she is given the royal treatment at the Met, including some maddeningly dark, dense and absurdly theatrical galleries, like chapels, of memorabilia.
went public in November 1999.
James Barnes, a security guard at a Madison Avenue office building, said: "The bad thing is that even after 9/11, we haven't gotten the training we need.
"Things just started to get worse and worse for me.
(The 24 beachfront condos start at $1,250 in low season and go up to $5,000 in high.)
A passenger who had just flown in from Portugal was found hanged in a janitor's closet at Newark Liberty International Airport, the authorities said.
Northwest faced a fuel bill of $3.3 billion this year, $1.1 billion more than it spent in 2004, even though it had plans to cut back some flights, like its service between New York and Tokyo.
Otherwise the flavor, concentrated by the ham's loss of 30 percent of its weight during aging, would be overwhelming, and the meat would be too chewy.
It's more a surprise that someone might testify to it."
At 29, needing a break after failing to sell his second novel, Chong decided to retrace an odyssey Young made at 20, one that ended with him hooking up with Stephen Stills in Los Angeles and becoming a star.
"My wife and daughter and I talk about it all the time," Waddell said.
His technique has since become much freer, and in his most recent, more emotive work, color seems more important than structure.
But the movement is a significant shift for American spas, which started out in the 1940's as fat farms, where people went to shed pounds.
The lower house of Parliament overwhelmingly approved the European Union constitution.
"And frankly," Mr. Weber said, "our company shouldn't be doing it.
"To be honest, I think reaching parents and coaches is more important," Donald Hooton said.
Not that "Robots" is bad, exactly.
Gutted of its mechanical systems and displaying autographs of John Wayne, James Arness and others, a 1973 Grand Ville hangs above the bar at Buck Owens's Crystal Palace, an entertainment complex in Bakersfield, Calif. Ms. Nudie and Mr. Owens's manager, Jim Shaw, said the car had originally been built for Elvis but that his handlers wouldn't let Cohn deliver it to the singer -- perhaps out of fear that he might order a fleet of Nudiemobiles for his staff.
Clifton Kirkpatrick, a top official of the Presbyterian Church U.S.A., in which Dr. Frist is an active member.
Following a heart attack, he found an advertising sales job at the now-closed Yonkers Citizen Report, a free weekly newspaper.
Mr. Lee, who was also a creator of the Incredible Hulk and the X-Men, sued Marvel in November 2002, claiming that the company failed to honor a contract promising him the 10 percent cut.
Optioned LHP Lenny DiNardo to Pawtucket.
field office in Buffalo, said the use of Wi-Fi was making it much more difficult to track down online criminals.
The plant would use combined-cycle technology, which generates power using 30 percent less fuel than conventional plants.
"We have to not just mirror nature, we have to accelerate the way nature works.
Crosby is 29 years old, has speed, plays solid defense and was originally expected to be an everyday player.
Yet in the course of promoting the benefits of leaping ahead, "A Nation Deceived" also extols "a whole host of outside-of-school opportunities, including award ceremonies, summer programs, after-school or Saturday programs, distance-learning programs and weekend workshops and seminars," to which the talent search serves as a "gateway" for the topmost students, who also have a variety of early college options to consider, like California State University at Los Angeles's lively early-entrance program.
Figures provided by the Air Force show that from 1994 to 2005 the number of chaplains from many evangelical and Pentecostal churches rose, some doubling.
"I wonder if I could get a date out of that," White said.
Ms. Fox said she did not want to set a precedent allowing anyone who objected to a post to "bully us" into deleting it.
It's still the home of henna tattoo parlors, carnival game barkers, monster truck rides, palm readers, paintball with Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein as targets and screamingly terrifying rides.
Carpenter argued with Cubs Manager Dusty Baker after staring down a Chicago hitter Sept. 18.
Many lines of hardware and software are subject to relentless price-cutting, and in services I.B.M.
The street vendors being uprooted work in the black market and pay no taxes, he has said, and the shacks being demolished were built illegally on plots already occupied by registered homes that have been spared destruction.
Commissioner David Stern and Billy Hunter, the executive director of the N.B.A.
"The word 'advice' was buried in history," declared Senator John W. Warner, Republican of Virginia, a chief architect of the deal, referring to the Constitutional mandate that the Senate advise and consent on presidential nominees.
Truthful financial reporting by public corporations helps investors make informed decisions; without it, the capitalist enterprise ultimately unravels.
She takes care of her mom, says she keeps her from becoming depressed.
How much does all this culinary attention cost?
LONDON, Oct. 21 - The very risk and uncertainty that have made the international oil companies wary of going into Iraq has attracted small, aggressive engineering, drilling and contracting firms to the country.
"I am going to write a song about this," she said.
SHE visits about a once a day, when I'm checking my Yahoo e-mail: the young woman with her tongue hanging out.
Flights for travel from Kennedy Airport in early December were about $500 round trip into Geneva, and just over $500 round trip to Lyon.
So do his father, Rene, and mother, Nancy, who have been riding the emotional roller-coaster at Flushing Meadows, too.
It clearly aims to become a Western rival to the nearly century-old industry gathering known as the International Home Furnishings Market, held every April and October in High Point, N.C.
Women should remember that some products on the market have a long history of helping to secure long-term financial security.
At dinner, appetizers $5 to $12.95, pastas $12.95 to $16.95, entrees $15 to $29.
"Or at least their wives can."
There will be no letter or phone call, no flowers.
As expected, Nicolas Sarkozy, 50, the leader of Mr. Chirac's center-right party, the Union for a Popular Movement, was named interior minister, a post that he has held once before and that is considered the most important job in the cabinet after the prime minister.
They'll grab the closest doughnut off the platter.
It is from an overstuffed couch in this opulent lobby that Lt. David Benelli, the head of the department's sex crimes unit and president of the New Orleans Police Association, sought to put things in perspective.
This minor triumph for Kimber does not, however, right what's wrong in the "Nip/Tuck" order.
Troops then stormed in and freed the two men, he said.
Beyond these visible efforts, Admiral Clark worked on issues behind closed doors.
Indeed, to sample Calasso's communion with Kafka is to feel the immediate need to reread the novels and stories, if only out of envy for the galvanic charge the activity has plainly put into Calasso.
The last debate on the issue ended last week, when the National Basketball Players Association agreed to the league's request to put the 19-year-old limit in the new labor agreement.
Because of a judicial ruling by New York State on the propriety of selling artwork in a courtroom, Ms. White is not permitted to post prices there.
Mr. Lubel said that when he submitted his film to the Ivy Film Festival, one of 250 entries from all over the world, he never believed it would be among the 25 films accepted to compete in the festival.
(Information is available from Mr. Saumarez Smith through www.gheywoodhill.com.)
For next Saturday's game, Cashman said he would look into using Chein-Ming Wang, a Taiwanese pitcher who is 2-0 with a 4.15 E.R.A.
But it will take long winters of snowfall and slow, wet summers of rain to repay this debt, to rebuild that population of mayflies.
In his sights are current United States domestic and foreign policies, as well as consumerism and globalization.
Neil M. Malamuth Los Angeles
The rectangular shape and construction of a generic 20's school bag made way for a Chanel purse with the same shape and as many straps.
Rich people are going to a supermarket, and poor people are going to the same supermarket, and that doesn't happen in any other city."
HERMANUS, SOUTH AFRICA Each year, the southern right whales (below) migrate to the southern coast of South Africa, making the area one of the world's great whale-watching spots.
On the wall, a framed piece of parchment reads "Please Do Not Judge the Fish."
Giants Stadium is 78.4 percent, in the middle of the pack.
Still, that was not enough to pay for the elaborate, 40-foot-high apartment buildings that make up the set, along with the floating orchestra pit, not to mention all those actors.
The Guéré insist that the Dioula are interlopers who have no place in the Guéré heartland.
The varsity baseball player at Fairfield had mixed feelings about the class at first.
Department of Defense officials say they have seen no increase in those counted as deserters since the war in Iraq began.
One seemingly insurmountable barrier is the unsettled security environment in Iraq, where American and Iraqi forces are still battling insurgent groups daily and where reconstruction contractors are regular targets of attack.
With my left foot on the dead-man's pedal, I used my left hand to ease off the throttle and apply the brakes.
Most pieces are expected to go to the Hillwood Art Museum at C.W.
Sabit Graicevci -- a father of three in his mid-30's, the village's mayor and a member of the same clan as the shop owner -- is one of many here who are mystified as to why they were allowed to rebuild their homes after the war if the ground under Hade was to be mined soon.
Correction Appended WASHINGTON, Sept. 22 - A consortium of eight companies said on Thursday that it would spend about $100 million to prepare applications to build two nuclear reactors, in Mississippi and Alabama, a step that seems to move the industry closer to its first new reactor order since the 1970's.
Incentives help, but the business community wants assurances that rebuilding will move ahead."
Check out Literary Marketplace, which tells you who deals with mysteries and who likes gothic romances.
"We have some good leads but nothing definite yet," he said.
You can go to Mississippi."
The poll had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points.
She might have stayed had a federal agency been born.
But more important, she is a very fine soprano with a clear, dusky-toned and focused voice.
As a nurse trainee at the city hospital on Blackwells Island, she encountered homeless women who had been abandoned by their families, and decided to found a place where they could restart their lives.
Epitomizing a certain kind of class, Le Bernardin amounts to the restaurant equivalent of old money, so secure in its station that it need not strut, so practiced in its posture that it never slouches.
Her father is a Nassau County detective lieutenant in Mineola, N.Y.
Sally Pederson, Iowa's lieutenant governor and the State Democratic Party chairwoman, said she was pleased by the turnout both for the governor's meeting and her Democratic party luncheon.
But Rivera says he still believes that they have a pulse and that the perplexing season can be remembered for more than a waste of $200 million.
Two short plays from opposite ends of Harold Pinter's distinguished career (1:45).
Of course, the meetings are providing some interesting political theater, too.
Newspapers published scores of letters on the subject.
While it is difficult to know just how big an impact the meetings are having, there is a cautiously optimistic sense that change is coming.
The city had been shaken in 1978 when Dan White walked into city hall and shot and killed Ms. Feinstein's predecessor, George Moscone, and supervisor Harvey Milk.
Outreach efforts like these are not new.
An unswerving Communist, Zeman pleased party leaders, galled dissidents and entertained ordinary Czechs, who still watch reruns.
This is the way he talks, you know.
The Web posting, whose authenticity could not be confirmed, came as a series of insurgent attacks killed nine American troops across Iraq on Monday and Tuesday, bringing the three-day total of dead American servicemen to 14.
Publicly assessing the newsroom's performance in these areas to enhance readers' understanding of the journalistic process and to remind editors and reporters to do their best.
"He is only addressing a few of the holes, meaning he may slow the flow but it will not solve the problem in the long run."
Judge Feinberg has appealed, and the New York Court of Appeals has agreed to hear arguments on June 9.
To the Editor: I just read your article about the arrest of suspected gang members on Long Island ("A Gang Sweep With a Difference," March 27).
So he hired LaPlaca Cohen, a marketing firm that is leading the way in defining the business of museum branding.
The Giants climbed to 8-4, taking possession of first place in the National Football Conference East from the Cowboys (7-5).
Mr. Bern estimated the cost "to fully clean the water system and make it viable for generations to come" on Long Island at $30 billion.
Officials from the authority have said that precise estimates are difficult to come up with because the scope of the security enhancements is unprecedented.
JERUSALEM, Nov. 14 - Hillary Rodham Clinton may be running for re-election to the United States Senate next year, but as she wrapped up her three-day tour of Israel on Monday, it became clear that many people here expect her to run for another office.
"Also the freedom to make something 'without cost' and to put out there for people to download is a beautiful feeling."
Veronica Ceballos, 24, is admittedly one of those newbies.
The implied message is: Duracell batteries may cost more to buy, but their longer life span means they cost less to use.
Before we even took off, I could tell that he was going to be a talker.
WHERE TO EAT -- To scale Nice's new culinary heights, splurge on the $38 taxi ride into the hills overlooking the city and stop at Parcours Live, 1, place Marcel Eusebi, (33-4) 93.84.94.57, in Falicon.
"There's a lot going on.
It will be interesting (or depressing) to see how they vote their clients' shares.
Reposing at the Lindenhurst Funeral Home Inc., 424 South Wellwood Ave, Lindenhurst.
Bono asked where I was from.
For now, Verizon has agreed to pay $8.46 billion, or $26 a share, for MCI, the nation's second-largest long-distance company.
Stage magicians, at that time the stars of entertainment, either loved or hated this Orientalism.
"People laugh, people cry, life goes on," he said, speaking from Los Angeles.
The plot depends on a quick defanging of Vincent, so that he is never the kind of hatemonger who could curdle a comic story.
At those speeds, attention must be paid.
But the whole episode was a reminder of how far the Bush administration remains from the rough consensus on development issues that obtains in much of the world.
Agency scientists "would like him if they knew him better," Dr. Varmus said.
An Israeli woman, Dana Glakowitz, 22, was killed Thursday evening as she sat on her porch with her boyfriend, who is in shock.
Weekend box-office receipts have been down for 18 consecutive weekends when compared with last year, and box-office revenue is down 6 percent and attendance by 10 percent compared with last year, according to the Exhibitor Relations Company, which tracks box office.
Lovely to look at, full of heart and mystery.
But in implying that Mr. Moynihan was a supporter of his approach to Social Security, Mr. Bush and his team are open to challenge, based on Mr. Moynihan's record and documented indications that he was not totally happy with the commission's work.
He seemed very reluctant to remove Cardinal Law or accept Cardinal Law's resignation.
But he said he stayed in the mountains, living with villagers and accompanied only by his second son, Muhammad Ibrahim, 21, and two or three men.
Ms. Young, with her voice that can dip well below alto, also sings tenor.
Each morning before noon, he confines himself to a bungalow on a Universal Studios lot and produces six new pages in six hours, before turning to rewrites and reshoots.
Sports of The Times E-mail: wcr@nytimes.com
Your reflexive reaction is to leap to your feet, whet your knife and take the tarp off the old tumbrel -- the problem with numbing banality is, it doesn't numb you enough -- but then you remember what year it is.
Examine what they already know about computer recycling.
I never really had any lingering animosity.
The pastries -- there are seven or eight daily -- are the work of Lisa O'Gorman, the executive chef.
Mr. Dietzler, 47, who works for a paper company in Appleton, Wis., and who has been with three different therapists over the last 15 years, seconded that notion.
"People who played 20 and 30 years ago still play.
She spent another afternoon at the Rising Cafe, a lesbian coffee shop on Fifth Avenue, and ended up in a spirited discussion with some women from Dyke TV, a weekly television show.
And this, perhaps above all, is something he is not willing to forgive Sarajevo for.
In Italy, panini and soccer go together like hot dogs and baseball.
Looking at more than one season helps avoids flukes.
The animal, a small variety of titi monkey, was discovered in Madidi National Park in Bolivia by Dr. Robert Wallace of the Wildlife Conservation Society and others.
Some of the most disturbing photos in his possession were taken after G.I.
Four drivers have died in less than two months, victims of apparently random shootings, and at least four others have been injured.
OCT. 26, 2000 The Mets reach the World Series for the first time in 14 years, but on this day their bid for a championship ends in Game 5 to the Yankees.
For all the gripes, though, there is also gratitude.
"I prefer a deal with the Americans to a deal with the Arabs."
And, presumably, reporters (and readers) will learn much more.
He also fitted the room with transformers so that Mr. Kinkel could run his laptop computer.
-What advice might you follow if you were to raise a child today?
That's what it can be like for middle-income people trying to find a home they can afford on Long Island, where the average single-family house sells for nearly $400,000 while the median annual income for a family of four is about $90,000.
The agency suggested that the Cambodian Army was involved in the destruction.
Last year, the Gilbane Building Company, which had been hired to bring down the building, released a draft plan for the first phase of deconstruction to meet Mr. Pataki's goal of demolishing the building by the end of the year.
"They used all these new technologies, but they haven't been able to stop the decline yet."
One member, Angelo Cutrone, 85, said that his wife of 58 years died last year and now he cannot stand sitting around their old apartment.
In 2005, you don't tattoo someone who isn't at least semiconscious, though Mr. Bradley, who has the prominent belly and muscles of an aging biker, seemed a bit nostalgic for the good old days of tattooing the inert.
Being, also, a good citizen of the Internet, I turned to my computer for more information, calling up the Web site listed at the bottom of the citation for the Los Angeles Superior Court.
honors in 1969 with the Rams after throwing for 2,549 yards and 24 touchdowns, and only 7 interceptions.
"We are not where we wanted to be at this point at 2-6," the first-year 49ers coach, Mike Nolan, said.
These kids don't know much about history.
He's enjoying keeping everyone guessing."
We hope that they will vote more often in the future to oppose nominees who are radically out of step with the majority of voters in their states.
And nobody ducks the tough questions.
"Daddy, don't," her sister said.
Research historical recess appointments to find out why presidents have historically used this tool and what effect it has had on American government and history.
This being the sexually liberated, pre-AIDS, free-love era, Jill doesn't waste much time once she strikes up an acquaintance with Don, and she ends up spending a significant chunk of the play in her underwear.
"We're trying to elucidate the connections," said Mokdad Maksoudi, an expert on African technical cooperation at the agency.
In a prepared statement released by his publicists, Steinbrenner said, "I remember that when I bought the Yankees, we had trouble drawing one million to the stadium."
Last year was their first on the World Cup circuit.
Visual Diagram: Building Community (representing Mr. and Ms. Link’s personal histories, and their involvement in Alpharetta) GROUP FOUR Reading: “Unexpected Challenges” and “Exploring a Change” Guiding Questions: -What do the Links need that Alpharetta has not provided them?
"I don't buy that argument," said Shelton's mayor, Mark A. Lauretti.
The commission also found that in some instances, local officials in charge of overseeing the building and sales of new homes had illegally "accepted gifts and other inducements from representatives of builders and/or developers."
"When I met my husband during college, I had just modeled for a bikini photo shoot and I had no hair down there," Ms. Stone said.
ONE of the county's talked-about new restaurants is Ocean House Oyster Bar and Grill in Croton-on-Hudson.
Rioters eventually burned the palaces of Maya kings and tore down the statues of Easter Island chiefs; they have also already threatened wealthy districts in Los Angeles twice in recent decades.
"Tony talked about the possibility of having him switch to a position player, something that had been discussed by people throughout his career," Jocketty said.
That doesn't happen on the new field, he said; its padding acts like a cushion.
"Sponsorship identification has been required since the outset of television advertising, but it hasn't been designed to handle sophisticated product integration such as this," he said.
It's just too, too gruesome for words!
He sleeps outside on a pallet of packed mud and keeps warm with a crude brick oven.
The pilot of a single-engine Cessna who was killed when the plane crashed Friday night near Teterboro Airport in South Hackensack, N.J., has been identified by the police.
's involvement in this illegal activity has produced a leadership cadre that has combined ruthless paramilitary activism with lucrative criminal sidelines.
On Sunday, she is to appear at the Scottsdale Civic Center Library in Arizona to talk about her latest children's book, "Chico" (Penguin), The Associated Press reported.
The site is already loaded with painful memories.
There have been so many movies lately that warn us that machines are plotting to take over the world.
An exhibition of contemporary art at the Krokin Gallery in Moscow includes unvarnished works exploring the war's costs and honoring the ordinary soldiers who suffered most.
; July 13: Support Network's Hudson River cruise for 200 raised more than $30,000.
The researchers simply pointed it downward, in effect, toward the center of Earth.
It also lets you electronically mark the programs you favor, allowing TiVo to suggest similar programs for your viewing pleasure.
But he is quick to acknowledge that the bond and stock markets are providing contradictory readings.
After diving to make the catch, his only of the day, Shockey added an exclamation point, firing the ball about 15 rows deep into the seats.
By Wednesday morning, Mr. Brown said, he learned that General Honoré was on his way.
The dollar's strength was a big surprise in 2005; renewed weakness could trip up investors next year, said Matthew Smith, chief executive of Smith Affiliated Capital, a New York firm that manages $1.4 billion in fixed-income instruments.
A committee to write the charter has only recently been formed, and it is supposed to finish the job by Aug. 15 so it can be ratified by Oct. 15 and elections can be held by Dec. 15.
Such a system would have several advantages.
He was born wild, born troubled.
"Dr. Fulani's positions were well known to Gifford Miller when he ran on the Independence Party line in 1997, and he never raised any question or concern about Dr. Fulani at that time," Ms. Salit said.
For another, there are four competing groups promoting the language, each with its own spelling system.
Tasting Coordinator: Bernard Kirsch nytimes.com Recent wine columns from the New York Times are online: nytimes.com/wine.
Actually, they have, although on a scale that hardly raised national security issues.
"I have not seen anything that would indicate that there has been any sort of focus at all from the department."
But in the same release James R. Houghton, the Harvard Corporation's senior fellow, alluded to Mr. Harper's unhappiness with Dr. Summers.
To the Editor: As an actor, I was intrigued by "Final Stages," by William Goldstein (Op-Ed, Oct. 16).
Mr. Karzai's anguish over this issue is understandable.
"Voice recognition for DiNA, for example -- everyone said that we couldn't do it, that the technology wasn't far enough along.
Services Sunday 1:45pm at Gutterman's, 175 Long Beach Road, Rockville Centre.
-Why is this reaction unusual for an American president to a Palestinian leader?
(Photographs by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
And just how biodegradable will the new Filligent filters be (not to mention the packaging)?
But that was a different time; better, then, just to enjoy the moment.
Mr. Murphy says they make an odd pair.
"Some of those things, it's just a matter of good fortune as far as the injuries go.
The terrorists who attacked us -- and the terrorists we face -- murder in the name of a totalitarian ideology that hates freedom, rejects tolerance and despises all dissent.
Memorial celebration October 2, Congregation Mt.
It will be one of four African nations at the tournament.
That figure includes such things as foreign currency adjustments that affect asset values but are not treated as expenses now.
"I didn't box myself, but I used to go to the fights in Tampa with my father and grandfather.
"I sit and watch, and after a period and a half I fold up and go to bed," he told The Chicago Tribune.
In a 1984 special supplemental draft of United States Football League players, Steve Young was snatched first by the Buccaneers, who later traded him to the 49ers.
TiVo addressed this by adding a DVD recorder to its DVR so you can burn onto a disc a copy of a show you want to save.
He had only one ball thrown his way: a Chad Pennington pass intended for Justin McCareins.
Grilled tuna, served with a basil vinaigrette and atop grilled vegetables, was beautifully rare.
Whether you go the whole way or only part of it, rest your feet and enjoy the view from the deck of the Sunset Grill in the Fitger's Brewery Complex (600 East Superior Street, 218-722-8826), a mile from Canal Park.
Companies pay them to use similar tricks to move their Web sites up in the rankings.
Roughly nine million of those people, including my wife, participate in sporting clays, a bloodless sport that aims to simulate hunting but with disk-shaped clay pigeons substituted for live game.
The surprise wasn't that it turned out to be rehearsed, although that angered some uniformed officers at the Pentagon who felt the troops were being politicized and used as military window dressing.
Judge Lawrence was formally admonished, a less serious reprimand than censure.
"I don't want to be one of those guys on camera with a sad look," said Edwards, who could be selected anywhere from No.
RATLIFF * NEW YORK CITY WINTER JAZZFEST, Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3132.
"It just so happens he gets overshadowed.
We arrived at the train station just as a freight train was leaving, so we hopped on a flatcar.
With emergency shelters stretched tight from New Orleans to Houston, eight buses carrying more than 300 survivors of the flood ended up here in the proud "prison city" of Texas, 80 miles north of Houston, where every third or fourth resident lives behind bars, in seven prisons that confine 9,000 to 15,000 inmates.
-What results differed between the two search engines?
How bad does a problem have to get before a client will call?
Regulars and first-timers are greeted with equal cheer by the staff.
Had I done so, of course, his charge could not have been leveled.
Regardless of the outcome of those discussions, the campaign will continue to be introduced, America Online executives say, because of the need to pursue the new strategy.
The program, which will use federal money, will initially cover 100 Texas schools, although Mr. Perry said he would ask the Legislature for $25 million to cover 250 additional campuses.
Better wine often costs more because it is more expensive to produce.
He is working on a book about the future of the Democrats.
"Communication between Muslim people and Jewish people was very bad," he said.
"If there is a big run of shad, that would be popular, too.
As Razia Begum spoke, an elderly neighbor came to the door.
And I urge the public to hold them accountable for their promises.
"The domestic news blocking system is really interesting," wrote one blogger.
"I can't speak for what happened in the past," Ms. Greilick said.
Its archives, known as the Jacob Trobe Collection, are housed at The Cable Center in Denver.
Using interviews with survivors and archival research, she explores the culture of the cult of the Rev.
Whether a viewer unfamiliar with Balanchine can make sense of all the encounters and allusions is debatable, but the hero has obviously had an eventful past.
Mr. Taubman explained in an e-mail to me how the bureau sorted out the need to follow up on the memo’s suggestion that Mr. Bush had already decided to go to war: I then asked Mr. Taubman about the comment in the minutes that was the most striking to me — the assertion that the Bush administration was manipulating intelligence estimates.
Texas Pacific knows the retail game, most visibly through its acquisition of J.
On Thursday, owners of AT&T will vote on SBC Communications' offer to buy it for $22 billion, and on July 12, shareholders of Gillette will vote on the proposed $57 billion acquisition of their company by Procter & Gamble.
"I'd be surprised if you didn't see the reflections of that in the transition."
Of course, prevention is preferable.
Not only was her father Greek, he was self-made, having amassed a fortune in commodities and real estate.
The observers said progress had been most evident in allowing free expression and assembly during the campaign, and in sharply reducing vote-buying, which had been widespread in parliamentary elections.
Take 2 of this long-awaited, prematurely leaked album is the keeper.
Finally, bringing the video to your Mac or PC is very fast.
For the most part, though, they have plotted new communities farther and farther outside of cities, their handiwork visible in the archipelagoes of freshly minted neighborhoods that have arisen along the traffic corridors on both coasts and now ring the outskirts of every thriving city in the United States.
Pointing to a piece of wood no bigger than a suitcase, he says, "On average this table is worth $1,000 -- that's three bottles of vodka, plus tax."
Teller was certainly wrong in the 1980's about Star Wars.
Staunchly antitax, Mr. Kilgore has proposed allowing local governments to raise taxes for transportation, if they receive voter approval.
The song was "Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin"' from "Oklahoma!"
Mr. Iger declined to respond on Thursday to Mr. Fithian's comments.
The elder Mr. Hatch said he did not think he had been lobbied by his son, and cited the legitimate uses for DHEA as his reason for fighting for it.
The Park City home of the convicted serial killer Dennis Rader was sold at auction for $90,000.
Mr. Viszolay said the return to his four-bedroom home on Meadowlark Lane with his son, Eli, 13, daughter, Marissa, 17, and his wife, Kelly, 46, was bittersweet.
So whatever the political repercussions from high energy costs, the administration has had little choice but to rely on the promises by Saudi Arabia, the world's largest exporter, that it would continue to be the market's linchpin.
ROSENBERG -- Ethyl Felt, wife of the late Theodore Rosenberg, and loving mother of Frederic D. Rosenberg, passed away Monday, February 21.
Within the last few years, three board members and one employee have died, Ms. Weber said in an interview on Friday.
But more and more colleges, including the University of Pennsylvania, Fairfield University in Connecticut and Georgetown, are sticking to strict policies that punish students for playing.
TAUB--Edna, 97, beloved wife of the late Emanuel.
At the same time I knew I was being overly romantic, that the better advice would probably be to move on.
The encounter had been heavily anticipated for weeks, because the first Corrales-Castillo fight on May 7 was a classic, quickly regarded as one of the best fights of all time.
In Mexico, soccer, baseball and bullfights attract working-class people.
But when you put them together, something is born from the two parts."
However, some settlers could resist more actively.
Fiscal indicators suggest the economy is strong.
His real argument, like all debunkers', was not with the people who believed they had witnessed or experienced some paranormal event but with those who made an industry of igniting their imaginations.
Yes, fellow travelers, Eos Airlines has a better lie-flat seat than you will find on airlines now offering the best business-class products, including British Airways and Virgin Atlantic.
A picture caption yesterday with an article about an Iraqi boy who will be treated in the United States for injuries caused by a cluster bomb misidentified the city where he walked to a doctor's appointment.
In 1993, Gillinson offered McNicol a part-time engagement to develop concerts and other programs for children at the L.S.O.
"It wouldn't be a project.
As the role of women changed through the years, so did Maidenform's marketing approach.
"Our intention was to do what we'd always done at ABC," said Diamond, now a senior vice president for Olympic programming at NBC.
Mr. Fleischer was aboard Air Force One with Mr. Bush and several other senior administration officials as they traveled across Africa that week.
Endurance was what mattered: in a horse, in a man, in a team, in a nation.
The Bush administration is considering a requirement that names be checked for overflights, but some officials said this would raise privacy issues.
Williams said it would be unfair for Wilkens to take the brunt of the losing streak.
Cirque du Soleil, the Second City troupe, Tommy Tune, Andrew Lloyd Webber productions and even the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London (which sends recent graduates aboard Cunard's Queen Mary 2), have all performed for affluent seagoing vacationers.
This will require practice, consistency and fitness -- areas of weakness for Serena of late.
The snipers in the 2002 Washington-area shootings, for instance, used semiautomatic assault rifles that were copycat versions of banned carbines.
Should he "follow the money" into a book deal, and if so, how would a 91-year-old showing signs of dementia either write a book or schmooze about it with Larry King?
Eddie Gaven, from Hamilton, N.J., is not quite 19 and has scored eight goals for the MetroStars this season.
She arrived in Paris with one little suitcase and a camera."
So this year's best DFA release isn't a CD or a vinyl record: it is "DFA Records Holiday Mix 2005," available online (at iTunes and elsewhere) starting Tuesday for a limited time.
The air is soupy and the windows are fogged and dripping.
The gravest of these threats is nuclear terrorism.
Fannie aspires to be a country singer (sample lyric: "I'm nice, I'll delouse your head of lice"), but is distracted by the arrival of Nile (the musician Dean Wareham, in his first acting role), a small-time crook and recovering heroin addict.
After two rail unions threatened to go on strike, France's national railway operator, S.N.C.F., thumbed its nose at the government with a Cartesian, if unworkable, solution: It is giving its 160,000 workers the day off but requiring them to make up the time by working 1 minute 52 seconds more each workday.
Photo: Yesterday was a typical day at Pudong International Airport in Shanghai.
Inside El Pulpo Loco bar, salsa rhythms set a soundtrack.
Mr. Maggio's lawyer refused to comment.
Concerns about some unexpected, significant losses in the hedge fund world have been bubbling up since Standard & Poor's cut the credit rating of General Motors and Ford Motor to junk bond, or high-yield, status on May 5.
Pet shops in several states have been trying to get around the ban by giving away turtles to people who buy turtle habitats, or by declaring that the turtles are being sold strictly for educational purposes, permissible under the ban.
On the final sack, Smith went back to pass on second-and-7 from the Penn State 45-yard line.
"He doesn't say a lot.
According to the last census, 445,000 people lived there.
A team that is so composed that it sometimes seems robotic, St. Louis unraveled on the field and in the dugout as a postseason's worth of drama was stuffed into the final three innings of Sunday's 2-1 loss to the Astros in Game 4 at Minute Maid Park.
Also, JOHN LEGUIZAMO got stuck in an elevator for about 20 minutes at the theater and the Fire Department was called.
Meze, the Greek appetizers, are getting a redesign too.
"I am sure that as they get inundated with work, it will open up the playing field for more firms."
There's a grape recipe competition in the spring and a grape-stomping festival at the end of the harvest; in fall guests can take the spa's grape cure, a "detoxifying" grape-only diet.
"I think definitely it's unfair," she said.
WHILE the outpouring of donations for the human victims of Hurricane Katrina was overwhelming, even more remarkable were the tens of millions raised to help their pets.
She broke down film with her father, Larry, who played for Lute Olson at Iowa; and her two older brothers, Anthony, who played for three years in the N.B.A.
"I think we'll probably have to look at him a little differently than we do a drop-back quarterback, who doesn't run and doesn't make plays with his feet," he said.
He is a son of the late Doreen W. Taylor and the late Frederick Taylor.
Hugh Johnson, chief investment officer at Johnson Illington Advisors, said the buildup in inventories "simply means that we will spend the next two quarters cutting production to reduce inventories."
It should be seen as an essential counterpoint to that pressure.
Ms. Woods was often described in news accounts during the Nixon presidency as the most doggedly loyal and tight-lipped of the president's inner circle.
There are two issues here, of course: 1) what's best for the long-term physical and mental health of A.
It has long been a concern to public health officials that the United States trails behind other rich nations.
No American soldiers were reported killed on the last day of the year, as of late Friday night.
"If the Virginia court is correct," Professor Koppelman wrote, "then no parental right arising out of a same-sex marriage is secure anywhere in the United States."
Among those visiting the makeshift memorial to Zaire on Friday was Theresa Ellis, whose 2-year-old son, Rayquan, fell from a window of her mother's 17th-floor apartment in the same building two years ago.
"We're trying to see too many patients," Dr. Knight said, "trying to go faster and faster because the rates are dropping."
The Liberty improved its record to 4-4, hitting the .500 mark for the first time this season.
As a retired school principal, I don't have auditing or business training, but now that we are responsible for watching every dollar, more training in financial issues is appropriate.
Still, they never explicitly discussed their relationship in public, which suited British officialdom just fine.
And we sent out 1.4 million White House Christmas cards!"
Somehow, a bureaucratic power play by André Malraux, Charles de Gaulle's minister of culture, crystallized the growing discontent of France's students and intellectuals with the imperious French state.
That will make more materials available for New Orleans and will also help reduce prices.
Panicked, Ms. Powell forgot that she had given her three older children permission to play with neighbors.
Neither Ms. Hewitt nor her series are malevolent forces, and the producers can feel as good as they choose about a cloying job well done.
But they are needed every Tuesday and Thursday, when the building is home to the Pelham Jewish Center's Hebrew School.
"There's no hooliganism," he said, contrasting rugby to the infamous fights that soccer crowds engage in.
And they know that things can happen.
The man, Bernard Luster, 40, of Far Rockaway, pleaded guilty to first-degree rape on May 17.
Most are bought by libraries and scholarly institutions, though some, like "Judaism: an Introduction," published by Penguin in 2002, are trade books.
It's many more steps down, actually, in terms of ambience: strip-club-style dancing poles, risqué artwork and throbbing house music.
His death was announced by the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University, with which he had a long professional association.
"We remain ready to resume the talks."
Admission: $5; students and 65+, $3; under 16, free; free for everyone all day Tuesdays and on Saturdays from 10 a.m. to noon.
As you might expect from a caterer, the menu includes international, if predictable, crowd-pleasers that you have encountered at weddings, like baked Brie, stuffed mushrooms and steak in red wine.
Entering this season, she had lost six straight matches to Serena.
The fault is that while the performers are expressive, their comedy routines are short on high humor, and as food for thought, their bleak slices of life don't provide enough of a Munch.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, July 12 - The official death toll from last week's hurricane rose significantly on Tuesday, with at least 40 reported dead in Haiti, 16 in Cuba, and more expected.
On a visit in February, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton noted that she had driven along the road on a previous journey, in December 2003, and cited the change as a measure of how much security in Iraq had deteriorated.
But deconstructing the particle physics of the bonbon -- a heady mix of pink peppercorns, Chinese star anise, clove and cumin over a ganache blended with a $55-a-bottle cabernet and syrah -- taxed us to our very marrow.
"Big malls won't even consider independent businesses anymore," said Mr. Vota, noting that rival clock shops in the Galleria went under long ago.
Chaney's mother spoke with passion, delivering a testimony from deep within herself on justice and her conviction that her son had not died in vain.
Cotts agreed with that point.
At a lecture last year about his unbuilt works, Ms. Pattison read a statement by Kahn.
The man does not change.
George's algorithms succeeded in solving large problems in a few steps."
Beloved wife of Guy Peyrelongue, loving mother of Florence and devoted daugther of Mme.
Under the law, the plan has to determine if it will grant the exception within 72 hours.
's include City of Heroes, Dark Age of Camelot, Everquest II and Lineage.
Elizabeth Elena Bauzá was married yesterday to Robert Vernon Carter in London.
Some panhandled for a living; others sold drugs; a few had regular jobs.
Meals served in the room are elaborate.
Carlos Beltran proclaimed: "We have to beat them the same way they beat us."
The researchers wrote in the paper describing their work that the diagram provided "a useful foothold" into the system.
Still, it was a response, said Mr. Procida, who defends Mr. Trump's persona in seemingly every aspect.
Unlike Ms. Berwin, who shares Sam's zeal for cleanliness, Ms. Lvy is cheerfully undomesticated.
Gen. Rashid Flaieh, acknowledged in a telephone interview that the victims suffocated inside what he described as "an armored van."
Asked to compare the company's cellphone software to the evolution of its Windows operating system, Dr. Zhang said he saw his group at a stage comparable to Windows 95 in the evolution of PC software -- far from the starting point, but with much room for improvement.
At least Ms. Alnoy borrows from the best.
Mine come mostly in the morning between the time I am half awake and fully so.
A spokeswoman for Fernando Ferrer, Mr. Bloomberg's Democratic opponent, said that Mr. Ferrer opposed direct subsidies for stadium construction, a position not unlike the mayor's.
If we were to get to know one another, he said, it would involve unusual meals and early evenings until the race was run.
And he said Airbus was confident that it would receive a requested 1.45 billion euros ($1.76 billion) in "launch aid" for the A350 from Britain, France, Germany and Spain.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee is sending out a stream of "Byrd watching" news releases.
An Editorial Observer column in The Times yesterday incorrectly cited lyrics from a Michael Jackson song.
Continuous loops of BLONDIE and the RAMONES blurred across flat-screen television sets.
But if you don't know a hell of a lot about studio accounting and intellectual property law, it's amateur hour."
A working wooden loom inside the house is $2,000, and a nearby Lockerbie potter's wheel is $600.
United Nations investigators said that Uzbek security troops used "indiscriminate and disproportionate" force and committed "grave human rights violations" in the eastern town of Andijon in a crackdown on protesters in May.
From appearances, Warren Buffett, the savviest investor who ever lived, agrees.
WPT also disclosed last week that it had not received enough information about the Brunson bid to evaluate whether it would go forward.
But just as surely, members of the public may value the balance that prevails on the court at a particular time and through their representatives in the Senate withhold consent from a nominee who skews the balance.
The question lingers in the air during the course of Rinne Groff's period drama about the country's growing pains during the early years of television, promising a payoff that doesn't quite arrive.
Consider new research examining the influence of the Olmec on the Maya by reading and discussing the article “Mother Culture, or Only a Sister?” 3.
"A man in every port?"
It would be an extreme step, but Congress has the power to "regulate commerce with foreign nations," under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution.
The SE-W164C burner from Samsung ($199) works with a software program called Magic Speed, which controls the spin rate of the disc as it is being burned.
The movie throws in its lot with a group of soulful, slovenly ticket inspectors, known as controllers, working stiffs whose function seems to be to serve as receptacles for the contempt of their fellow citizens.
I want to push myself above that and achieve my goals."
Mr. Brown at the Ted Shawn Theater, tonight and tomorrow at 8 p.m., tomorrow and Sunday at 2 p.m. $45; $40.50 for students, seniors 65+ and children.
In it, riders on horses separate cattle -- not horses -- from a herd and drive them into pens.
My mother's family, the Monroes, were the arrivistes: they had been in New Orleans since only the 1850's.
The members of the Matar family have moved into a house in the Shirat Hayam settlement along the beach to show their opposition to the Gaza withdrawal and are encouraging others to do so as well.
Her round Saturday continued a stretch as strong as any in L.P.G.A.
She moved recently to New York, where she was working for Toshiba as a repairwoman, after leaving Philadelphia, where her parents live.
Mr. Abbas, who plans to attend for one day, is pushing for a more formal arrangement with the factions, which have agreed to only a temporary halt in attacks.
In deciding to aid Siegmund in the fight she divorces herself from Wotan's will and commits her first independent act.
"I don't know how this is about the buildup to the war, the Valerie Plame Wilson issue," he said on "Larry King Live" on the eve of the Scooter Libby indictment.
I am a reference librarian with a public library.
Also on Thursday, seven American soldiers were killed in one of the most lethal roadside bombings to date, when a Bradley armored personnel carrier hit a bomb around 6 p.m. in northwestern Baghdad.
Once again, everything sailed along until the cabinets showed up.
"More beautiful girls in the neighborhood."
Sources for custom rods include Continental Window Fashions, an online company.
The lopsided outcome cast fresh doubts on the strength and strategy of the opposition, as well as the fairness of the vote.
"The one they show in slow-motion, the one they show 15 times, is the one that I'm caught up in," Johnson said with a soft laugh.
The memorandum was dated June 10, 2003, nearly four weeks before Mr. Wilson wrote an Op-Ed article for The New York Times in which he recounted his mission and accused the administration of twisting intelligence to exaggerate the threat from Iraq.
Her plight illustrates the need for a federal shield law for journalists.
Jared Homan playing in his final game for the Cyclones (19-12), finished with 19 points and 20 rebounds.
The reception buffet had three tables, including one with comfort food like fried chicken and meatloaf.
PRICE RANGE -- Appetizers, soups, salads and skewers, $3 to $18; topped sushi and sushi rolls, $4 to $16; entrees, $17 to $49; desserts, $8.
The Transportation Security Administration, which Mr. Stone has led since December 2003, may lose some components or gain others, the officials said, but will continue to exist even after a department reorganization.
A terrace nearly as big as the apartment gives Mr. Kidd another "room" in warm weather, along with a panoramic Gotham City view.
The book features people like Louis Condo, a former construction worker who grows blueberries at his Big Buck Farms in Hammonton, and Charlie Wong, who came from Taiwan to grow yams and melons at Chia-Sin Farms in Pittstown.
To the great institutions go the kudos of history, and rightly so.
Visa has given at least 11 banks, which hired CardSystems to handle the merchant transactions, until the end of October to change processors, the memo said.
"But when we react to the attacks in the West Bank, they might use the weapons from the Gaza Strip as well," General Yaalon said.
The college also cut down on the amount of food it ordered and asked its suppliers (many of them small organic outlets) to cut down on packaging materials.
He gave her a quick lesson during a rehearsal.
On Phi Phi island the destruction was so great that some hotel owners are considering an offer by the governor of Krabi Province to buy back the affected land to create a park and memorial to the tsunami victims.
Post the articles and summaries on a bulletin board or in a binder in the classroom.
Donna Cox, Prudential Rand (845)770-1204 or (845)641-8613; www.prudentialrand.com TAXES: $12,172 a year PROS: This light-filled house has a two-story entrance hall and two solariums.
Without a doubt, it has saved many lives by making it easy for pilots to understand where the dangers from icing, thunderstorms and turbulence are.
But on the whole, the mood was one of reverence and gratitude as several hundred Justice employees gathered in the department's Great Hall to bid farewell to the attorney general.
Leo J. O'Donovan , a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony in Dahlgren Chapel at Georgetown University.
Bias on Both Sides When he met Ms. Woolner, Mr. Croteau had recently stopped drinking and was looking to change his life.
But Saudi officials told Reuters and The Associated Press that Crown Prince Abdullah had delivered an unusually blunt rebuff.
Understanding this new form is a worthy endeavor in its own right.
Crime has fallen across New York City for the 17th consecutive year, with subway crime down by more than 5 percent from last year and the number of recorded murders virtually certain to be the fewest in any single year since 1963, new Police Department statistics show.
Telecom Italia is paying 5.60 euros for each share of Telecom Italia Mobile tendered, for a total of 13.8 billion euros.
"When you look at random events, like flipping a coin, you'll get patterns and runs on the data.
After having lost popularity with the introduction of Western-style dessert, Mr. Ong said, shave ices are becoming trendy across Southeast Asia and in China and are spreading to the United States, overtaking bubble tea as a favorite pop treat in Asian communities.
May the angels protect you and Heaven accept you.
The trustees selected Joseph H. Freedlander's impeccable but bloodless neo-Georgian design, a great U-shape of red brick and white marble around a garden forecourt.
4 East, Paramus, NJ, 11:30 AM, Thursday, October 6, 2005.
But blacks actively tested her precedent, in part through the Legal Rights Association, which her father founded for that purpose.
Quarter horses, saddlebreds and other easygoing cowboy horses are in fact in the majority.
Wednesday morning, 72nd Street subway station.
But some lawmakers viewed it differently, complaining in particular that his use of a bullhorn to get his views across was distracting them from their work.
Where can one download the “World Wind” program?
Richard Eder, writing in The Los Angeles Times, said the stories reminded him of Montaigne or of Boswell's journals.
He served in the United States Coast Guard, captained a tugboat, worked on sailing ships and taught celestial navigation.
The answer is complicated, and each candidate has offered a laundry list of potential catalysts for change.
Since its cleaning late last year, it has seemed like several different materials: sometimes like ice cream, under the nighttime illumination; sometimes translucent yellowy-pink, in raking light; sometimes sparkling in the low winter sun, like a back-country field of fresh-fallen snow.
He has also socked Judy Garland, he says.
Yet they wouldn't meet me for a cup of coffee."
UConn finished with an overall record of 19-3.
"I have high expectations," he said.
The two musicians have done this sporadically over the last four years, with other standards.
And at night, she is the teenager who enjoys watching television and hanging out with friends.
Mr. Rock, probably our funniest comedian, is no fool; he knew better than to try to turn the Oscars into the Chris Rock Show.
That is in sharp contrast to reports from the Red Cross and interrogators interviewed by The Times.
In the academy, a Bachelor of Arts was regarded as a university's lowest degree, conferred on a graduate who had not yet achieved the rank of Master of the Arts.
Mussina, who felt better than he normally would after so many pitches, said, "Are you sure?"
Or do they remind you it may be time to leave the old fool for a source of more up-to-date care?
Rogers thanks many of them by name in the acknowledgments, including Jim Flora, David Stone Martin, Paul Colin, Miguel Covarrubias and Al Hirschfeld.
I'm sure he knows how I feel right now.
Mitsubishi sees the arrival of the Eclipse as a similar turning point.
For 13 years Rabbi Lubovic, a 37-year-old member of the Chabad-Lubavitch branch of Orthodox Judaism, in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, has made a career of koshering.
over a period of more than a year, and confirmed that while she consistently tastes sounds, it does not work the other way around: when she tastes cream, for example, she does not hear a minor sixth.
(The Confederacy's Southern cross was actually the cross of St. Andrew, Scotland's patron saint.)
Some of the first sketches for Autopia show an entrance that looks like the roof of a drive-in restaurant; the central building was modeled on the shape of an engine piston.
But it's embarrassing that in the 21st century, we can't even accept a vague obligation to fight genocide as we did in the Genocide Convention of 1948.
Sometimes a castle event is not purely celebratory.
That attitude is typical of Steinbrenner.
Time and again, to no avail, the Sanitation Department tells the Council that this ethnic politicking is a bad idea.
The music industry is desperately chasing Internet-wired teenagers, but Mr. Lelen, 57, a former journalist and waiter, believes he has found a niche at the other end of the market in retirement communities.
His lawyer, John Moustakas, told Magistrate Judge Alan Kay that the government's case was based on "innuendo and rumor."
Andy's newest owner, Luis Taberas, whose family runs several other liquor stores in Brooklyn, did not entirely disagree, although he would rather patrons drain their bottles down the block and out of sight.
Ms. Ibarra, the drummer, has become one of the most important moving parts of the downtown free-jazz scene, first through working with David S. Ware's quartet and then through a steady series of her own projects.
Kurt Thomas, whose name has been linked to trade rumors over the past few years, sounded weary of the rebuilding and the losing.
CHOICE is the driving force of capitalism.
But if Mr. Bush had a vice president with an eye on 2008, I have to believe he or she would be saying to the president right now: "Hey boss.
The criticism has brought Ms. Miers some unlikely defenders, including liberal advocates for women's rights who are deeply uneasy with her nomination.
"It's very invasive, it's become very political.
"This, my friends, is one set of the Connecticut General Statutes in which marital status is a factor," she said to the group, which had gathered to learn the implications of Connecticut's new civil union law.
"This one is a trilobite," he said, indicating a rock with a raised formation more or less in the shape of a cockroach.
Yet the area's economic picture may be slowly brightening, said Mark J. Perry, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan-Flint.
The chairman of Deutsch, New York, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, he appears five nights a week on "The Big Idea With Donny Deutsch," on CNBC.
But while much of the criticism has focused on such areas as women's rights, federalism and the role of Islam, such concerns are largely misplaced.
Finally on Thursday, the Netherlands received assurances that any detainees from southern Afghanistan would be treated under the rules of the Geneva Convention and would not be subject to the death penalty.
To the Editor: As a former resident of New Orleans, I thank you for offering a broad view of the environmental problems facing that wonderful city.
"You've got to be able to enjoy accomplishing victory," he said.
So that night Barry saw 'Squid' and the next morning called and said, 'O.K., he's in."'
Ms. Daden, 53, and Ms. Pekar, 54, have been together for 23 years.
At 14, lacking the money to continue his education, he hitchhiked to Cape Town to find work.
Lessons of the bombing for New York, listed in twin "overseas intelligence reports" filed hours later from the site, have a clinical detachment that Detective Dzikansky said he did not feel at the time.
New York officials were reluctant to discourage iPod use.
Perhaps classic is too high a standard to demand from a region that has been making syrah in quantity for less than a decade.
But after seeing more than eight million Iraqis choose their leaders in January, Egypt's voters, and its increasingly courageous opposition movement, will no longer retreat into sullen hopelessness so readily.
Mr. deSouza placed prints made from old family slides around his home, allowing them to become faded and abraded and to accumulate hair, dust and other debris.
Family alienation is contemporary literature's version of that common and harmless liver disease called Gilbert's syndrome -- it may make everybody look a little jaundiced, but hardly anybody's going to die from it.
During the Pennsylvania 500, Busch dominated, but a fierce and delightful battle for second place developed late in the race between Wallace and Mark Martin, 46, who has said he will retire after this season.
To the Editor: Re "Dangerous Talkers" (editorial, Sept. 11): As a motorcyclist, one of the most dangerous things that one can encounter at highway speed is an S.U.V.
This might seem a trivial service (some pensioners might not even realize that it is a service).
(Dargis) 'PRETTY PERSUASION' (No rating, 104 minutes) In this go-for-broke satire, Evan Rachel Wood plays a toxic 15-year-old alpha girl who joins with two sidekicks from her private Beverly Hills high school to falsely accuse their English and drama teacher of sexual harassment.
"It's not what you don't do, it's the way you don't do it," he explains in a chapter titled "The Pleasure of Doing Nothing Useful," in which he recalls the simple joy of spending an hour soaking in a bathtub in a Paris hotel.
He responded that he would be happy to get permission to sell the cookies with the authority's official endorsement.
So any significant shift of their reserves out of dollars could spell trouble for both the American currency and the bond market.
Another Israeli, Maor Jann, 21, a soldier, died on Thursday from his wounds suffered in Tuesday evening's suicide bombing in Netanya, bringing the Israeli death toll in that attack to five.
Heating the place was costing $2,000 a month.
Our condolences to Violet and the family.
An acquaintance of a dancer from Ohio found slain in her Upper East Side apartment last month was charged yesterday in her murder.
Mr. Silver and Mr. Pataki are not allies, and rarely appear together if they can help it, so they held separate news conferences.
With the new ballad "I Will Not Be Broken," she adds another tough-but-tender lament to her catalog.
April 30 through May 25.
Nationally, the debt per capita median is $703.
His father sold vacuum cleaners in Philadelphia and was a swimming coach for the University of Pennsylvania.
"The state is full of flatlanders with guilt complexes," he said.
For less extravagant dining, satisfying pub meals can be had at Pilsen, 55, rue Principale, North Hatley, (819) 842-2971, pilsen.ca, on the balcony right over the river, where items on the lunch menu range from $5.90 to $16.85.
"America should consider this power as legitimate," Mr. Larijani said of his country's role in Iraqi affairs.
He was a conservative voice in the Senate and an able representative at the United Nations.
Both tunnels were discovered Thursday at Camp Bucca before prisoners had a chance to use them, Colonel Rudisill said.
Bonds went to the dugout to get a new bat, but the bat boy could not find one of Bonds's.
The report said that a single successful missile attack would be devastating: nearly $1 billion in direct costs for the downed airplane, an additional $3 billion if the aviation system were shut down for a week and perhaps an additional $12 billion over the next few months if people were reluctant to fly.
Senator Corzine scheduled 13 events in 14 hours, greeting commuters in Newark, then visiting senior centers in Bergen County and ending with a labor union rally in Trenton.
They weren't even in the market for a summer house in the Hamptons; they already had one.
Editors' Note: March 12, 2005, Saturday An article on Saturday about the reaction among Christian and Muslim Egyptian-Americans to arrests in the slaying of a New Jersey family said the two groups were at "brutal odds" with one another in their homeland.
Tonight Jimmy Wang Yu plays the title character in Chang Cheh's "One-Armed Swordsman" ("Dubei Dao") (1967), about a master fighter with an unorthodox technique.
The 44-page ethics code -- which described itself as "a comprehensive guide" to matters like conflicts of interest, travel reimbursement, nepotism, financial disclosures and whistle-blowing -- will be distributed next month to all employees, from contracting officers to bus drivers.
Here are some tips from the Insurance Information Institute: Combine policies Holly Anderson, 48, of Memphis compared rate quotes and learned that the best rate was through the company that held her homeowner's policy.
On New Year's Eve, Mr. Guzmán's brother, who was being held at La Palma, was shot several times at point-blank range in the prison visiting area.
The judge had suggested that the statute of limitations might not apply if, instead of charging the men with conspiracy, the government charged them with each separate killing under a federal murder-for-hire law.
Mr. Duchin, seeing an opening, played, "There's a Small Hotel."
But that decision drew further criticism.
When the playoff begins next week at Loudon, N.H., the points will be reset for the top 10 drivers.
But to some residents who feel the village's troubles run deeper and go back farther, the snarled election merely represents their latest, loudest symptom.
Elliot's reduced income and his belief that he possesses one of the world's smaller penises are only two items on his endless mental checklist of the qualities that characterize him as a loser.
Then, in the 1970's, the World Trade Center towers laid claim to the highest observatory with a deck above the 110th floor of the South Tower.
"It is about young boys who rarely go fishing with their dads.
Yet Niger still earns a horrifically high score on the index of human misery compiled by the United Nations Development Program, which lists it as the second least developed nation in the world, just ahead of Sierra Leone.
Two big pieces of rare seared tuna came with a bright citrus sauce.
This formal elasticity is central to The Believer's critique of other magazines and the speeded-up, superficial culture of reading they sustain.
"A CINDERELLA STORY" (2004) Admissions strategy: Work hard, get good grades, hang out in aspiring-Princeton-student chat room to find her prince.
Some chains are offering more than one in-house brand.
And growth in the number of conventions and trade shows has slowed while competition among convention centers has increased.
In December 2000, 13 years after he was arrested, Mr. Dehn was on his knees scrubbing a prison latrine when a Syrian guard approached and told him he was free.
But there were lots of forklift operators, butchers, pharmacists, cash-register clerks and a slew of retirement-age men and women giving out samples of food.
Westminster is a parochial school located in the upscale suburbs south of Miami.
Missing from the forgiveness mantra is its reconciliation corollary: "temporal punishment due to sin."
At the party, Rory's grandfather (Edward Herrmann) has a talk with Mitchum Huntsberger (Gregg Henry, who was on CBS Sunday night playing the B.T.K.
"I keep her reminded of the goals she has made for herself," said Melissa Korsin, a social worker there.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Plainsboro Public Library, Municipal Complex, 641 Plainsboro Road.
Home purchases rose 9.4 percent to a higher-than-expected 1.226 million annual rate, the agency said.
It was possible that lizards, the closest relatives of snakes, might still carry these ancient venom genes.
Although our perception of whether something is mainstream or extreme changes over time, body modification persists and will probably continue to do so, despite bans.
Last week, representatives of the 95-member conservative House Republican Study Committee met for the first time with members of the Tuesday Group, a coalition of 45 Republican moderates, to plot a joint effort for rule changes that would make it harder for the House to permit itself to exceed budget spending limits, as it has for each of the last 10 years.
He added, "This was the most number of deaths in a nursing facility that has been reported to me."
He realizes he is the cheese in this cat-and-mouse game, and he has no intention of parading around in full view with a target painted on his back.
Instead, they were slowly defeated, first by disease, then by being killed or assimilating in coastal regions soon occupied by the Portuguese and their African slaves, more recently by cattle farmers and gold speculators invading their Amazonian refuges.
Their talks stalled over whether the changes should include agriculture, but efforts by Mr. Dunkel and others to liberalize and update trade rules to respond to growing tensions between developed and developing nations finally led in 1986 to the start of the most comprehensive trade negotiations in history, at Punte del Este, Uruguay.
Key witnesses died during the investigation, and prosecutors were forced to rely on testimony from an earlier trial transcript.
So the officer who killed Mr. Menezes did a horrible thing.
Before Mr. Murphy was sentenced on charges of reckless manslaughter, Faheem's mother, Ms. Williams, urged the judge to impose a tougher sentence on him.
Loving mother of Allen London, Arlene Alter and Norman London.
The Times of London called Mr. Wilson and John Osborne -- another young working-class man, whose play "Look Back in Anger" opened about the same time "The Outsider" was published -- "angry young men."
"Let me put it this way," Mr. McGuigan said.
Asked if he still wanted to be mayor someday and might run in 2009, Mr. Weiner showed that his trademark quips were not dulled even though he had had only three hours' sleep.
Indonesia now counts itself as one of the unfortunate 17 countries that have been re-infected with polio since mid-2003 by polio virus traceable to Nigeria.
He was spent by then, having shut down Dirk Nowitzki and having scored a game-high 36 points, but only 2 in the fourth quarter.
If he is pulling balls foul, as he is now, it means he is opening up too soon.
He added, "The concern now is that interest rates rise and suck the wind out of housing demand."
Jessica Alba skews to the men in all of us, from 12-year-olds to 55-year-olds."
"By building our intelligence capabilities, improving our technology, and working together, we have and will continue to develop the capabilities we need to succeed against all threats," said Cassandra Chandler, an assistant director at the bureau.
Their other three opponents -- Portland, Golden State and the Los Angeles Lakers -- all have losing records.
WHAT -- 4-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $25 million This 14,171-square-foot contemporary house is on six acres bordering national forest land at the base of Independence Pass.
Information: (908)979-0900 or www.centenarystageco.org, GEORGE STREET PLAYHOUSE David Saint, artistic director at George Street in New Brunswick, said that Arthur Laurents's play, "2 Lives," is based on Mr. Laurents's own union with his partner, Tom Hatcher, which has lasted more than five decades.
at the age of 103.
But the organizer of the event, Miles Gerety, a 24-year-old film student at Hunter, said people in Mr. Ferrer's office had balked when they were told he had to appear on stage with his rivals, an account that his aides denied.
Mr. Spitzer must decide by June 23 whether he will continue to pursue the four remaining counts against Mr. Sihpol.
As it was, the declarer uncovered the bad trump split and still had chances.
The third item he banned during the prosecution's initial presentation was a videotape of a wedding in Yemen that the prosecutors said included images of Sheik Moayad cheering about the death of Jews in a Hamas terrorist attack in Israel.
The flight engineers of American Airlines are indebted to him for his 30 years of dedicated service as president of the Flight Engineers Union.
Women are more different from each other than we knew -- creatures of "infinite variety," as Shakespeare wrote.
And it achieved strong returns on its own investment portfolio, in part because it recently started lending the securities, for a gain of $6.3 billion.
The first track isn't Don Omar's best, but it is his biggest: "Reggaetón Latino (Chosen Few Remix)" is both a hip-hop hit and a reggaetón rallying cry.
The case illustrates the debate over how far the authorities should go in drawing boundaries between sexual offenders and their neighbors -- or, in this case, their own families.
However, traveling at the speed of light, the pulses pass too quickly for a router to process.
But in an open letter released to the news media, Mr. Maskhadov's widow, son and daughter appealed to democratic nations to bring pressure on President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to release the rebel leader's remains to the family for burial.
Minutes later, we were patched up and back on the shimmering tarmac.
This country has no ancient mythology to hold it together, no kings or queens.
But he remains deeply involved in the investigations of several other cases involving Mr. Hussein, all of which could eventually go to trial.
There is essentially no prospect that two Supreme Court vacancies can be filled before the new court term begins on Oct. 3.
Shana Ager was born in Manhattan on Oct., 6, 1925.
Newer treatments, many being developed by biotechnology companies, try to interfere with one part of the immune system rather than suppress it over all.
His portrayal of Caryl Chessman, the kidnapper-rapist with a genius I.Q., produced one of his 30 Emmy nominations.
Still, others managed to mine a few gems from the bric-a-brac, including some loose plastic eyeballs ($1), a plastic Ultraman monster figure ($1) and a "Mars Attacks!"
Brian Hardwick, a campaign manager for Mr. Miller, said: "This memo does not reflect the plans for the campaign.
Roger Clairmont, San Francisco : I appreciated your Op-Ed piece on the undisputed bravery of Capt.
"A résumé is a marketing tool," she said.
As the students heard each boat pass, they also applied a lesson about sailing etiquette: waving.
Mr. Qaisi's veiled bomb threats can make him sound more like a Mafia consigliere than a politician.
Casa Italiana at Columbia is remembering Da Ponte with a brief series of recitals, the first of which was on Wednesday night.
The staff of Current has also taught "Al" -- as he is universally addressed -- a few things, too.
In 1973, an explosion at a liquefied natural gas storage facility on Staten Island killed 37 construction workers, and in 1979 a leak at a plant in Maryland lead to an explosion in an electrical control room that killed a worker.
Shockey's original deal, signed as a rookie out of Miami in 2002, was through the 2006 season.
She added, "It was as if they believed if they could just get more stuff out of the office, they would somehow be closer to getting an apartment.
But other Long Island shoreline communities have resisted plans for new ferry terminals.
In effect, the full report suggests that Italian secrecy was a prime component in the events.
And later, a parish resident informed Dr. Bertucci that he found the remains of his grandmother, still wearing her pink gown, out of her grave in a local cemetery.
The group has long issued news releases and filed complaints with the F.D.A.
Here is a troubling example: While we were all busy with elections, the State Board of Elections issued a draft proposal for buying $220 million worth of new voting machines.
Prospective Bayou investors were told that Mr. Israel stayed at Omega for four years and rose to the position of "head trader" at the firm.
The internal investigation will be run by the Office of Professional Responsibility, which handles accusations of ethical improprieties and wrongdoing by department lawyers.
Hedreen will begin construction on a 35-story tower with 350 hotel rooms and 190 condos.
They said they would dedicate its revenues, estimated at hundreds of millions of dollars annually, to the city's public schools.
Despite the ravages of disease and time and Hollywood, Ms. Turner still wants to be good enough at all costs.
'The Last Two Minutes of the Complete Works of Henrik Ibsen' Anyone who has sat through a particularly turgid production of "The Lady From the Sea" will appreciate the conceit of this latest collection of skits from the comedy cult and Fringe regulars the Neo-Futurists.
JERSEY CITY, Dec. 26 - The fog was thick, the rain was icy and as Officers Shawn Carson and Robert Nguyen headed back to Jersey City, they had no idea that the road underneath them was about to run out.
The sanctity of heterosexual marriages has not been destroyed.
The briefing "scared the hell out of me," Senator Reid said recently.
The American military said that a soldier was killed Sunday by small-arms fire while on patrol north of Baghdad and that a marine died of wounds received during a firefight on Saturday in the western town of Karma.
Across New Orleans, the rule of law, like the city's levees, could not hold out after Hurricane Katrina.
They were divorced in 1986.
WHERE -- South Padre Island, Tex.
"I remember when I was going through putting on weight and they had just signed her to 'Cheers,"' Ms. Burke said as she sat on a banquette in Restaurant Charlotte on the Millennium's ground floor.
Torre said that was nothing new and that Steinbrenner had fired coaches in the past.
"They do it for the pleasure."
He has been widely accused by Sunni Arabs of infiltrating hundreds of members of the paramilitary wing of Sciri, the Badr Organization, into the police force, and allowing them to form death squads and to run torture centers.
Once described by the newspaper Libération as the second lady of France, she has controlled his schedule, helped him with his speeches, monitored his diet and even chosen his ties.
The program repeats on Friday; the Paul Taylor Dance Company will be at City Center through Sunday.
While her aides say she has been given permanent political-refugee status in France, that has not been confirmed by French officials.
One of them, Dr. Kenneth Brandt, a professor of medicine at Indiana University School of Medicine, said that if the safety panel had known about the study, it might have recommended that both Vioxx and Celebrex be taken with greater caution.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government approved the confiscation measure in July as a clarification of the Absentee Property Law, which has been on the books since 1950.
Buffalo shared in his bad luck: the loss ended the Sabres' string of nine consecutive victories on the road; they fell one victory short of the league record of 10.
Though our lives have been forever enriched by his music, his ebullient spirit will be sorely missed.
"We felt it was important to show that Frick was a collector of different kinds of objects, not just paintings and sculpture," Ms. Robert said, explaining one reason for the show.
Tonight, tomorrow and Monday through Thursday at 8 p.m., Wednesday and tomorrow at 2 p.m. Metropolitan Opera House Lincoln Center, (212)362-6000 or www.abt.org, $22 to $130.
For one thing, he is a widower with a young daughter, which puts him in the market for household help.
But Senator Charles E. Schumer, a New York Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said, "Maybe at the hearings he can dispel this, but the more you learn the more he seems to have something of an agenda."
Her energy, wit, intelligence, compassion and enormous gifts and skills as a teacher and educational administrator affected the lives of thousands of people in the course of her 72-year career, and she will be missed by many.
For Carrasquel, baseball was a year-round passion.
Not the innumerable specialists whom Ms. Gaines, then 39 and the mother of two toddlers, had already mowed through in her terrified but unswerving effort to save her own life.
County officials hired Ms. Aftab to talk with parents and school administrators and to train law enforcement officers about cyber bullying.
The idea of putting a telescope in space, where it would be unencumbered by the atmosphere, was first proposed by the Princeton astronomer Lyman Spitzer Jr. in 1946.
A6 Runoff in Chile Election With ballots counted in the first round of voting in Chile's presidential election, a candidate who describes her rise as unlikely because she is "a woman, a Socialist, separated and agnostic" and a conservative billionaire businessman have advanced to a decisive runoff.
Rather than create a couple of small theaters, he said, Mr. Ross "had a vision that this would be something spectacular for the city."
Prices begin at about $500; 3-dlaboratory.com or (212) 791-7070.
TWO FAVORITES AT DUCKLING'S PARTY "The Ugly Duckling" and "Elsie Piddock Skips in her Sleep," to be told by Diane Wolkstein and Ralph Stang tomorrow at 11 a.m. at the statue of Hans Christian Andersen in Central Park, by the Conservatory Pond, at 72nd Street.
"The cleaner the surface, the more potential there is for regrowth," Dr. Steadman said.
I saw an 18-year-old British youth pull out a five-set match so filled with tension that he vomited on the court, although that may have been caused by his sports drink, he later explained.
He pointed to a recent audit that found shoddy management and excessive overtime at the county jail, and another that revealed mismanagement and negligence in the county's economic development agencies, as signs of his willingness to hold officials of his own party to account.
"I sold more this summer than I've ever sold in my three years of being here," he said of his summers at the store.
Brother of Effat Sahim, Fakhri Safani, and Houshang Mahboubian.
Dear grandfather of Joshua, Travis, Jesse and Ethan.
You just have nothing to look forward to."
"'I'm going to die lonely.
who knows anything about the project.
The petition, started by Jake Dobkin, a co-founder of Gothamist, a Web site about New York, has received 46 signatures.
Ruben Sierra, making a rare start in right field, doubled twice before homering.
While arcade sticks are often ugly, Pelican's entry has a stylish, somewhat swirly look.
To the Editor: David Brooks says he often sees articles on the professionalization of youth sports, usually about parents who travel distances for tournaments, spend for the professional tutoring of their offspring, and are seen screaming on the sidelines as their children compete.
"It's still the institution making these decisions," Mr. Mishkin, the Columbia professor, said.
Norm has agreed to a letter deal; Houlihan will sell the Larchmont house to finance it.
About 35 plaques -- separated by an advertisement for Hebrew National Beef Franks -- line one section of wall.
To Touch Is to See How do you experience art if you can't see it?
But Jackie Salit, a spokeswoman for the party, said Dr. Fulani was indeed "a very important person in the party."
Last week Gretzky stepped forward to coach the Phoenix Coyotes, for whom he is a managing partner.
Reminyl was approved on the basis of six-month studies but the mild cognitive impairment trials lasted two years, increasing their chances of detecting side effects.
Her project developing stem cells at the Saban Research Institute in Los Angeles helped persuade Cornell University not only to admit her but also to offer her $8,000 for research -- the sort of incentive generally dangled in front of doctoral candidates, not incoming freshmen.
9, missing an 8-footer after blasting out from the right bunker, Elkington led by a shot at five under.
"And we believe that by running a meet there, we can provide some additional funding to horsemen or employees of the track who now find themselves in need."
"We should not have been doing that," he said.
At Dr. Hayes's suggestion, Mr. Miele enrolled in a three-month monitored exercise program for heart disease patients, called cardiac rehab, which has been shown to reduce the mortality rate among heart patients by 20 percent.
More paved areas and buildings mean fewer open areas to absorb rainfall.
"They resented her efficiency," said Margret DeBruyn, her friend and a former co-worker.
Mosley will forgo his senior season and make himself eligible for the NFL draft.
"I doubt very much that this is the only time" that rabies has killed transplant patients, says Charles Rupprecht, the C.D.C.
He's into the music, the TV, into girls and wrestling.
"If George Pataki could be in every person's living room, he'd win them over," Mr. Reynolds said.
But what they don't know still weighs heavily against what they do know.
And it didn't exactly not end that way, except that this show had one last mortal-coil shuffle to perform.
The court ordered that the DNA tests, unused here before to settle a paternity suit, be completed within two months.
The agency often undertakes investigations to determine if people, such as company insiders, have traded on information before it becomes public.
"You can't do a lot of this in New York because there's just no land left, and all those theaters are landmark-protected," said Michael Gill, whose theatrical management company is responsible for bringing "Phantom" to Las Vegas next year, as well as "Hairspray" at the Luxor this fall.
Liberty's future, in contrast, is inexorably entwined in the success of rebuilding New Orleans in areas far from the French Quarter, the Garden District and the central business area.
Busch's car slid to a halt as it faced traffic, unharmed.
Now, there are riders doing reverse 1080's, doing back-to-back 1080's, grabbing their boards while they do 1080's.
The idea of the Clean Indoor Air Act was never really unpopular among most diners and drinkers, but to a vocal group and their powerful allies, it was a hazard to New York's financial health.
And I think I'm a better person for it."
This game meant a lot to us.
The traffic has taken its toll, and the field bears an unfortunate nickname: the dust bowl.
George Hacker, director of the Alcohol Policies Project at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a nonprofit group based in Washington, said that if any company were to introduce a similar product in the United States, there would be immediate opposition.
"Any appreciable drop off is going to cost people a lot of money," Ms. Bace said.
The target appeared to be the police vehicle carrying bodyguards for the deputy governor, Khasro Goran, who was visiting polling stations.
For instance, there is a widespread perception among immigrants living in Britain, especially Muslims from the Indian subcontinent, that the British establishment is hostile and racist.
The country's youth population has soared and the once unshakable Saudi social network that provided cradle-to-grave education, medical care and even housing has retrenched under growing financial constraints.
Her parents read about it in the newspapers.
There, you can read how Northwest no longer sells meals on domestic flights (snack boxes only, for $3); that Delta has cut out pillows (no pillows!
This week promised just that in Durham.
But as his sack total grew, so grew the news media requests.
Loving wife of Ira, cherished mother of Ann and Joel Pogolowitz, Jane and Louis Magenheimer, Andrew and Janet Schwartz, and Beth Schwartz and Brian Byrnes.
Different varieties have different schedules, but most peace lilies are warm-season bloomers.
"We went into training camp with a chip on our shoulder.
Kantner's first novel is the coming-of-age story of Cutuk Hawcly, who, along with his brother and sister, has been dragged to Alaska by his Luddite father.
There are myriad ways to get at the natural essence of a plant: through its bark, root, rind and leaves.
Though the Los Angeles Philharmonic appointed Esa-Pekka Salonen at 31 in 1989, four of the Big Five American orchestras (Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, New York and Philadelphia) have had music directors older than 60 in recent years.
But it chose its brief set well: older songs like "Crystal Frontier" (about exploitation and sorrow at the Mexican border) and new ones like "All Systems Red" expanded from a few notes plucked on Joey Burns's guitar to full-band crescendos that balanced the laughter of horns with the wide-open spaces of sustained accordions and steel guitar.
For Daren W. Hornig, the president and chief executive of Dwelling Quest, which is opening a new 2,000-square-foot storefront office at 528 West 145th Street next week, "pictures of properties on the windows are old school."
Jen Bluestein, Mr. Ferrer's chief spokeswoman, called the proposal a "laundry list of 11th-hour plans" and shot back: "Mike Bloomberg promised stadiums and Olympics, but couldn't deliver.
One of Dwight's roommates, a medical student, informs him that there is a cure for his condition -- which is apparently more widespread than we might have imagined -- a drug called Abulinix.
And last week, Google introduced Google Talk, a free service that enables users to talk through their computers and could be a first step toward a PC-to-phone service.
The Legislature should be allowed to vote the commission's plan up or down (no tinkering), and then the governor will get his say.
But he had to contend with a constant cacophony of boos from a small but vocal group of protesters, some of them former members of the more radical wing of his Workers' Party.
After the terrorist attack in London last week, the agency acknowledged that it had spent only a fraction of the money it had secured since the Sept. 11 attacks.
"Among other things, a novel is a system of opinions," he said, sounding pleased with that formulation.
Soon after the story starts, violence descends on the Callaway family, splintering it into pieces, and David and Emily move to the country for some healing.
Regular admission: $6 to $4.
Experts said that even residents who were not sexually abused had been damaged by their years living in Colonia Dignidad.
"A lot of people, especially the more dewy-eyed conservationists, think predators are cute and cuddly," Mr. Packer said.
Let them bring on those naked light bulbs, Blanche honey.
And even though Bosch still won't touch a computer, he soaks up whatever he can about advanced techniques in comparative analysis of DNA, ballistics and fingerprints.
Mr. Swanson, who is 67, will report to Jack Abernethy, who is chief executive of the Fox stations group.
Of her parents, she added: "I loved them both like crazy.
He led Saddam Hussein's forces in central Iraq during the initial stages of the American-led invasion.
And 67 percent of what we call identity theft is just old-fashioned credit card fraud.
Cellphone service in car tunnels to Manhattan, which was quietly disabled by transit officials last week after the terrorist attack in London, was partly restored yesterday after the mayor publicly questioned the move and after a dispute over who ordered the shutdown was resolved.
This is nothing compared with the uproar they have caused in Germany, where people actually understand their lyrics.
Though this is not a difficult process, it is a messy one, and not one for the squeamish.
He is certainly not one to empathize with his enemies.
's computer system until July 27, the inspector general found.
Mr. Keller also said he had missed "what should have been significant alarm bells" about Ms. Miller's involvement in the C.I.A.
His spur-of-the-moment stuff was so good.
By March 2, his second day on the job, Mr. Grey announced that "Babel" would be distributed by Paramount.
In the 1960's, training was a certificate program that came after a degree in physical education or nursing, Mr. Schwarz said, and by the 1980's, master's degree programs were added.
All the ethnic groups here appear to be caught in rampant violence, American officers say.
Mr. Miller said that the family has not ruled out Addison's attending public kindergarten in September 2006, although that would require special permission from the school system.
"These fiery women with strong opinions who'd argue like a man were enormously attractive to him, if also a bit daunting," he said, noting that on Trollope's travels to America he fell in platonic love with "a very vivacious, assertively feminist" young woman named Kate Field.
"That's one way to kick the habit."
"People generally accept and in fact have good feelings about them," he said.
Guo Ren, a rosy-cheeked 21-year-old woman from rural Anhui Province who now works at the tire company, first worked in an electronics factory in the city of Dongguan, in Guangdong.
The goal was Poti's first of the season and his first since March 12, 2004.
But as the site gained a modest following (Mr. Brim estimated more than 200,000 visitors a week) it attracted what he wanted most: a steady stream of retail circulars.
A few Steelers wandered over and asked if they could join him.
Momix, a Pilobolus spinoff) is deservedly popular with audiences of all ages, and attendance is likely to justify 28 performances.
Now, Mr. Ferguson opens each show with a story or a riff or a rant.
The building is heated and cooled by 24 geothermal wells.
"There are too many veteran guys on this team.
One area not touched on is savings from enhancing Medicaid policies that promote early diagnosis and treatment.
In an interview before the trip, the secretary said she had wanted to travel more with foreign envoys out of Washington to show them the country and get to know them better.
It was a deeply human endeavor.
But American women may not be as receptive, said Norma McCorvey, who in 1973 was known as Jane Roe, the woman who brought the case that legalized abortion, but who has since argued for the reversal of the court's decision.
Roosevelt died in early 1919, and in the spring a new group, the Women's Roosevelt Memorial Committee, bought both Nos.
2 2 3 AT FIRST SIGHT, by Nicholas Sparks.
It would require any movie, television show or digital image including such a scene to meet the same government filing requirements, including an affidavit listing the names and ages of the actors, as pornographic films.
Mr. Wilkerson said he had conveyed his views to senators and staff members on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Northrop gives the company a more American face, as well as formidable Washington lobbying influence.
After his high-contrast, sharply etched playing in the Bach and Beethoven, the blurry textures of the Wyner came as a relief.
"I have been in Phoenix in the summer," she said.
This year, the endowment's extra $13,000 helped renovate the Fillmore County Courthouse, support a local history project and maintain a new library and public swimming pool.
And NBC News has enlisted him to appear as a guest during its inauguration coverage opposite Dr. James C. Dobson, one of the most prominent evangelical conservatives.
They see the municipal projects -- or anything that circumvents their expensive and extensive in-ground networks -- as a threat.
The walls are painted (what else?)
Sixteen states, including New Jersey and Kansas, now have so-called civil commitment laws in which violent sexual predators face indefinite confinement in a psychiatric institution after completing their prison sentences.
She lived a full & fabulous life.
We all need to be considerate of each other and clean up after ourselves."
Ryan McGinley puts into pictures what it's like to be young and untamed and living in New York City.
Private donations, which have flooded charitable organizations around the world, are expected to add hundreds of millions to the relief programs.
Poverty remains pervasive, engulfing 44 percent of the population.
In an odd scene, he explains his torments to his school-age daughter.
It did so in a "sense of the Senate" resolution whose nonbinding nature allowed opponents of aggressive action to dismiss it as meaningless.
That CD was "Money, Power & Respect," the Lox's first and last release with Sean Combs.
The Long Island Rail Road from New York City drops passengers near the Visitors Dock at Third Street.
7 P.M. (2) BROADWAY UNDER THE STARS -- On Monday night, stars from current Broadway musicals gave a free concert in Bryant Park.
Who wants to be lectured?
"He had just the right temperament as a Little League coach," Mr. Wasserstein said, "enthusiastic in the right way and very gentle in his teaching.
"That in itself is a horrible conflict of interest."
NICK KAYE is on the staff of the Escapes section.
Those most concerned about the change are, naturally, in the haircutting business.
Raising a simple question: Why?
The Broncos, behind their renegade acquisitions, improved to 7-2 with the 31-17 victory.
(The route of the M is extended, Monday to Friday, to Chambers Street in Lower Manhattan at midday, and to Bay Parkway, Brooklyn, during the morning and evening rush.)
After the verdicts were read out, Mr. Draskovic said Mr. Markovic should have received a longer sentence.
donated $1 million to the American Red Cross for the hurricane victims and the N.B.A.
"The child is meant to represent Kanye as a young boy and the film is about his experiences," Mr. Plympton said.
One friend, his former Oakland teammate Mark McGwire, called to tell Giambi he was standing too far from the plate.
He said a higher payroll is traceable to enhanced revenues from sponsorships, new seating and other sources.
Cherished Oma of Lisa, Mark, Sonja, Nosson, Aviva, Esther, Becky, Leah, 43 great-grandchildren & seven great-great grandchildren.
And yet, the play's sociological observations are its least interesting parts.
Prudential Hall, New Jersey Performing Arts Center, 1 Center Street.
He joined the army in 1939 and fought alongside British forces in Burma, now Myanmar, during World War II.
Kutrubes Travel, based in Boston, (800) 878-8566, www.kutrubestravel.com, offers tours in Albania.
Graveside service Friday, 10AM at Beth David Cemetery, Elmont.
Call me naïve, but I think that if Mr. Bush came here and saw women dying as a consequence of his confused policy, he would relent.
TEN days ago Kevin Liles, the executive vice president of the Warner Music Group and one of the most powerful African-Americans in the record business, dropped by a television studio in Midtown Manhattan to visit Lil' Kim, one of his company's artists.
"I'm showing it to people who want me to show it to them," she said.
The experience of Whole Foods, he said, is "proof that you can plop down a 50,000-square-foot store in Manhattan and be successful."
"Bud always wanted the fast players, the athletic players who could get up the field and really rush the passer."
A13 NEW YORK/REGION B1-7 M.T.A.
16 NATIONAL 18-30 Health Care to Bankruptcy Never before have patients had so many medical options to extend, enrich or alter their lives.
A black awning says, simply, "Gaiety Theater."
Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the senior Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he gave the nominee, Judge John G. Roberts Jr., a copy of the memorandum on Monday because he expected the judge to be asked about "what area, if any," a president can "be considered to be above the law."
Mr. Shelley said on Friday afternoon that while he planned to continue to be active in support groups for families of homicide victims, the execution gave him permission to move forward.
What I did not know for many years was what had produced such enduring antipathy.
"To continue to see natural disaster death tolls as state secrets makes it difficult to adapt to practical needs of disaster relief work and is not in accordance with general international practices," the commentary said.
"In drills he's fine, but until I see enough of him in games, that will be determined later.
Her style places her squarely in the company of a long-vanished breed of socially prominent style-setters of the first half of the 20th century, women whose authority in style matters was absolute.
Before his parole in 2002, Mr. Prisco was serving a 12-year sentence on arson and racketeering charges.
Later this month, bulldozers powered by biodiesel are scheduled to begin leveling the site, a rehabilitated brownfield in Syracuse, Congel's hometown.
That often cuts out smaller vineyards entirely and greatly reduces choice, not to mention potentially driving up costs and delivery times.
Stock Indicators Post Modest Gains The Dow Jones industrial average rose 18.80 points, to 10,566.37.
Clearly the board was bothered as well, if not by the way she deposed some high-ranking employees then by the bad news that led to a 13 percent drop in the company's stock price in a single trading session.
The self-designated "steakhouse of record" in Lawrence, the Hereford features cowboy art and chummy service.
Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.
The walls around him -- the context that a son or a memoirist seeks -- refused solidity.
"It was a wide-open and fast game," he said.
Those of us who see the judiciary as an essentially conservative institution, who are wary of our own power, and who know that all manner of personal preferences can be hidden in the sheep's clothing of "discretion" or "interpretation," don't try to find ambiguities in the law that we can then replace with our own views of proper public policy.
That is supposed to be followed by nationwide elections in December.
The same would be true, of course, for "senior State Department officials" and "senior Pentagon officials," to name a couple of agencies whose senior officials frequently prefer anonymity.
Seven American Christian bands alternated with Moroccan groups.
Interboro's target population is high school dropouts.
Maybe Schilling, building arm strength after time on the disabled list and in the bullpen, will have enough innings to be the hero he was.
The article mentions Saudi Arabia as a key oil exporter to the United States.
Prince's name be read out.
Among the 18 pages of woodcuts, attributed by some scholars to Dürer himself, the five full-page examples, according to the catalog, show many of the qualities that distinguish the Nuremberg woodcut at the beginning of the 16th century from earlier versions: more complex compositions, the use of shading and perspective, and individual human expressions.
Mount Gay Eclipse Barbados Amber 80 proof $18 *** [rating: three stars] Mellow, pure and smooth, with vanilla and butter aromas.
He was scheduled to land at the Bay of Pigs, the attack on Cuba ordered by the Kennedy administration, but his mission was canceled when the invasion collapsed.
's could be the next big trend.
RIVER CITY RASCALS -- Signed C-OF Matt Heath.
"They're just not going to write a trillion-dollar energy bill."
Transferred RHP Gary Knotts from the 15- to the 60-day DL.
By any measure it was a great success: fine reviews, enthusiastic audiences and all those Tony's.
His work in Brasília in the 1950's cemented his reputation abroad, both for better and worse.
"), too many contemporizing comparisons of ancient politicians to Mafiosi.
If Mr. Kurtz is in the lead in the cross-platform era, he is also one of this era's most prolific production machines.
Both names refer to the god Khnum, the deity who fashions the form of a child in the womb.
It rings of a project in North Korea.
Looking at them, you are never quite sure where you are in relation to the water, which somehow seems to surround you.
But it turns out, a commission appointed by the German government reports, that faulty wiring in the library, the assumed cause of the fire, was not the only problem for Weimar, which has more great cultural monuments per capita than just about any other city in Europe.
And llamas read dramas while eating their llunches."
YES WE HAVE NO PRETZELS -- In the latest and perhaps most drastic cost-cutting move involving on-board food (or the lack thereof), Northwest Airlines says it's eliminating those little bags of free pretzels in coach.
The general said reports reaching the Pentagon indicated that the governor's family were "engaged in discussion" with the kidnappers.
Orlando, with an average of 6.53 percent.
Sharp, a Manhattan hotelier and real estate developer, died in 1992.
A beachfront junior suite is $275 a night (regularly $509), plus tax.
It's a really tough situation, but we're trying our best."
"It's such a big world out there, it puts everyday life down here into real perspective," says Ms. Neumann, 57, a nurse practitioner who lives in Manhattan.
B1 Radical Surgery Saves Boy A 2-year-old boy who was run over by his father in an SUV in Bellport, N.Y., last month, is recovering after a radical two-hour operation at Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island.
"You know and I know that you need to put the weapon down."
At that very moment, as Mr. Eichner tells it, the cast of "Little Women" arrived for the matinee performance.
The hostess examined the reservation list.
He was joined by Li Huitang, a heavyset, gregarious man of 45.
There are many champions in cycling.
When he delivers the speeches in which Hamlet retreats into his inflamed consciousness, Mr. Cumpsty tends to move quickly from private reflection to outwardly directed displays of grim determination or hot anger.
(Johnson) * THE FRICK COLLECTION: 'MEMLING'S PORTRAITS,' through Dec. 31.
Three-quarters of Americans say that all this gift-giving is awarded too much importance, and that it merely compounds children's already excessive materialism, according to a poll done for the Center for a New American Dream, a group advocating a less wasteful way of life.
"The families with children are amazing in the way they reach out."
The little community around Glen Wild Lake, she says, looks like Concord, Mass, at least when Louisa May Alcott lived and wrote there.
is a chronic and manageable disease, and so there's less fear of it," said Jay Laudato, executive director of the Callen-Lorde Community Health Center in Manhattan.
One of the worst was a banner depicting a Viking ship with the message, "Sink the Vikings, but save the strippers."
YOUNGSTOWN STATE -- Named Jerry Slocum men's basketball coach.
By the time the discussion was over, Mr. Hastert had decided to withdraw the measure, much to the irritation of Ms. Collins, its chief Republican Senate author.
At the same time, he struggled to find personal and cultural identity.
In general I advise going Irish.
Pedro Martínez, who succeeded Clemens as an icon with the Boston Red Sox, made $17.5 million last season.
Some of them are familiar, like Terry Winters and Carroll Dunham (the two old masters of the group); the others -- Ati Maier, Franz Ackermann, Alexander Ross, Steve DiBenedetto, Ms. Mehretu and Mr. Ritchie are newer to the scene.
At one point, they were told the funds were the proceeds of a loan secured by a gold mine in Arizona.
"I think she's the wife he wishes," Dr. Dalsimer said in a teasing tone, having joined her husband for tea toward the end of his interview.
(For comparison, an average broadband connection on a conventional phone line ranges from 384 kilobits to 1.5 megabits per second.)
Ms. Gillette said that along the Bayou Casotte Road in East Pascagoula, at least five major chemical plants had been flooded by storm surges above 20 feet.
(University of Massachusetts Press, 1989).
Daryl Roth Theater, 101 East 15th Street, Flatiron district, (212)239-6200.
Even romance can blossom once the "fasten seat belt" signs are turned off.
The Pappas schools' very separateness makes Phoenix's homeless children highly visible, attracting a flood of community donations, enough to maintain a food pantry where students' families can get groceries, and a toy room for birthday presents, and a clothing room where every child can choose three new outfits a month.
Like Riggs, Mr. Gibson's detective in the "Lethal Weapon" series, Jesus endures a crucible of suffering.
(One particularly strange item in the Anglophilia vein is a white jacket with blue bordering, in the style of the cricket jackets worn in England in the early part of the last century, but manufactured in fleecy sweatshirt material.
resonate with current events, and some might see parallels between the cold war mole hunt and the post-9/11 pursuit of an enemy within.
But other street artists make little money, so the founders of the cellphone project say they hope thousands of their fans around the world will be willing to pay their carriers $1.99 per image to have their work as "wallpaper" on their phones' tiny screens.
Even as redistricting forced him to switch Congressional districts twice and contributed to a loss, he consistently pushed his issues.
"This is not necessarily about on-going plotting or on-going planning or a specific threat," one intelligence official said.
"It's hard to find people, men or women, who are willing to just uproot and go to a foreign country for six months," Mr. Stone said.
Where others see muddle, R. James Woolsey, director of the Central Intelligence Agency in the Clinton administration, sees strategic clarity in challenging the Cnooc bid.
By the championship match, Pierce had no emotional gas in the tank.
And after 25 years in this body and on fact finding, and there was an extensive record made in the case in the legislation to protect women against violence; the court simply disregarded it.
"It's just little things," he said.
Mr. Sadr, who is wanted in connection with the killing of a rival cleric in 2003, was not seen at the rally.
Many new New Yorkers gained their first glimpse of the city's harbor from her decks, as their "steerage" accommodations had no portholes.
But on the 270-foot rumble to third base, Ruth will forever stand alone.
You're going to see a different fighter.
But dancing the tomboy Cowgirl in Agnes de Mille's "Rodeo" demands daring, full-out gallops, big pratfalls, goofy recoveries and even a few tap steps.
The other jurors "will finally bludgeon the dissenters until there's a unanimous conviction or acquittal," said James A. Moss, a former prosecutor now at Herrick, Feinstein in New York.
The Red Sox were eager to add Stanton because he has limited left-handed batters to 19 hits in 82 at-bats (.232 average) this season with two doubles, no triples and no homers.
None of the sandwiches I tried misfired; a mix of salty prosciutto cotto and funky taleggio cheese on warm raisin walnut bread ($8.75) was my favorite.
Wise got a big break.
By most measures, the economy appears to be booming, but that does not mean the broad economic picture will be better next year.
Dates: Dec. 2, 3, 9, 10, 11, 16 and 17.
"Just last night I got up at 4:30 in the morning and couldn't fall back asleep," he said.
"I said before the vote we were not going to win, and there was no point in having the student delegations in the streets thinking we could."
Williams had a soprano voice that soars, croons, belts and moans.
One is that the blogs have exposed errors by the mainstream media that might otherwise have gone undiscovered or received less publicity.
Studies show that people with no sense of smell don't get enough nutrition, suffer from depression more frequently and have sex less often than other people.
Officials have said Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman knew Lawrence A. Franklin, a Defense Department analyst who is suspected of giving them classified information that was subsequently provided to the Israelis.
In the Washington Times article, Ms. Rice also described herself as "mildly pro-choice" on abortion.
He was rescued, however, from what must have been a great temptation to follow James on a lifetime's journey, when he spent a year as a hospital orderly in France during the First World War, in the company of ordinary Americans, while numbers of his friends became officers.
The other four-year slide started in 1985.
After all, they're blue collar, but the bikes run from about $40,000 to $200,00.
That does not make the need for such a plan any less urgent.
Even before the rally, some Nationalist Party officials dismissed it as a carnival.
The watercolors depict a realm that seems hardly changed by 1789.
Like a first novelist who feels he has to write down everything he's learned on his way to age 27, Caputo seems to have decided he had to tell the entire history of Sudan's civil war and the story of the role we've played by largely ignoring it.
The Fire Department has regrouped in the parking lot of a BellSouth building filled with telecommunications equipment.
Pro Bowl rosters will be announced Wednesday.
"After the game, you have some hot soup or another pop of liquor because that's what alumni do," said Peggy Reeves, who was tailgating with her husband, Bob, class of '73, and their daughter Kathleen, class of '06.
"We stay out too late for the sake of staying out too often," Mr. Pearl said.
In its fixated and unorthodox way the music is riveting.
Rachel Ayers, a manager at the Vineyard Theater on East 15th Street, recalls having to muzzle an older gentleman who greeted female patrons in Row G with a lewd reference to a part of their anatomy.
Mr. Gerard said that Ms. Viaud had recently left Haiti with Marven and Jeffrey.
Add oil, salt and sugar, and mix well.
7 p.m., TriBeCa Rock Club, 16 Warren Street, (212)766-1070, $10.
But one hopes the carol's lyrics, pleasingly antiquated ("In his master's steps he trod, where the snow lay dinted") and rousingly celebratory about the act of giving, offer a challenge to the consumer frenzy that beckons every boy and girl, naughty or nice, each December.
The judge is likely to have to rule on what classified evidence can be introduced involving Iraqi intelligence and Valerie Wilson, a Central Intelligence Agency operative whose identity was disclosed, whether lawyers for Mr. Libby can pursue a defense based on First Amendment grounds, and even whether top White House officials like Mr. Libby's former boss, Vice President Dick Cheney, may be compelled to testify.
They see chaos and sectarian hatred.
The very intimacy of it makes it inhuman, unfathomable and perhaps fundamentally un-novelistic: "When it burst out one was not murdered by strangers.
The music strayed from the familiar New Age and the steam room, while lovely, dripped scalding water on random parts of my body.
Russian news agencies reported that at least four people were killed, including two soldiers.
If they are not hired, he said, they will apply over the phone and the Internet to casinos in Las Vegas.
"Sales taxes were 1.1 percent higher, personal income taxes were 2.1 percent higher and corporate income tax collections were 8.8 percent above original estimates."
But as at the funerals held earlier for Firefighters John G. Bellew and Richard T. Sclafani, time-honored ritual set the stage for a ceremony that celebrated what made one man irreplaceable and unique.
The fund, he said, "will be high-profile, and the question is, if and when that happens, does it materially change the growth in demand?
It's good to be alert to such messages; awareness retrains and sharpens the eye.
The Vienna Choir Boys is an impressive operation that runs its own school for 250 youngsters, who receive a thorough musical and general education.
Correction Appended A two-pronged frantic race is under way to save the banana.
The point is to find out what was so exceptional about the original date palm of Judea, much praised in the Bible and the Koran for its shade, food, beauty and medicinal qualities, but long ago destroyed by the crusaders.
"What I did was to give war a face," said Ms. Leroy, whose book "Under Fire: Great Photographers and Writers in Vietnam" has just been published by Random House.
Beloved husband of Ruth; devoted father of Rabbi Matthew and Chana, Donald and Shira; adored grandfather of Alon, Yael, Itamar, Nimrod, Yaniv and Maayan; loving brother of Amy Yeminy.
An installation upstairs consists of a circle of slowly pulsing light bulbs plugged into intricately interwoven cables.
The program, for example, went out of its way to remind me that I could claim donations made toward tsunami relief in January 2005 on my 2004 taxes.
Even the government of Brazil seemed shocked by the news that despite efforts to curb deforestation -- including a $140 million package of conservation measures announced last year -- the destruction of the world's largest tropical forest, the Amazon, proceeds apace.
Ms. Gagen, the Christie's specialist, likes the table because, "it retains some post-Palladian gustiness."
Torre said he believed the players were trying, but that did not excuse their performance.
Inside the headquarters, Abduldzhon Parpiev, a local man who had served a prison term on religious charges and now one of the uprising's leaders, negotiated by phone with Uzbekistan's interior minister, said Mr. Shakirov, who said that he had been in the room and could hear Mr. Parpiev's side of the conversation, and that Mr. Parpiev briefed him occasionally during the course of hours of talks.
The Health Ministry reported that 28,000 people became infected in 2004, compared with 520,000 in 2003.
She previously worked at Goldman Sachs.
Panarroz (a brand name) is a luscious, rustic blend that resembles macerated dark berries.
Ten have kept tax-levy growth per pupil under 20 percent for the four years.
"My main vision -- and this sounds like I'm more of a marketer than an editor, but so what?
Unfortunately, Mr. Krämer somewhat undercuts the magic, heaping distraction on distraction, one involving the stage itself.
It also means creating an enjoyable experience for shoppers."
Through the backyards, he and Carter went searching for a boat and finally found one.
"It's a matter of production and capability of doing it," Mr. Rumsfeld said.
"He took portraits of New York underground artists, painters, photographers, writers, drag queens," Antony said of Hujar.
(The cost of the Rookie productions is paid for with grants.)
He should return to them.
"Yes," Mason says, "we were safe from assault, debased philosophies, bewildering images and harmful foodstuffs, but in our safety we'd thinned and paled and dwindled.
Late in his career, he was also president of the Chilean-American Chamber of Commerce.
Its vision of show business in the 50's and 60's is as tawdry as Fosse's and as incisive in suggesting it's a grubby rags-to-riches circus.
How widespread is the new invention’s applicability and use?
"Even as the Hispanic middle class uses less Spanish, the rest of society is not as threatened by Spanish, perhaps because of the very emergence and recognition of that middle class."
By delaying the state's compliance with the Help America Vote Act, the Assembly and the Senate learned one lesson from other states: to require voter verifiability on any electronic voting system.
Representative Mike Pence, Republican of Indiana, said the Republican Study Committee, a group of House conservatives, planned to unveil a series of potential cuts next week.
It floats in the river, a perfect urban bathing metaphor.
After scoring two touchdownsagainst Minnesota in the most recent playoffs, Mitchell thanked his hands "for being so great."
But the stopgap measures put into place to keep the trains running at Canal Street make the relay room that was gutted by fire on Sunday seem as advanced as the Saturn space probe.
Saudi Arabia, the most powerful member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, was behind the shift in policy last month by the producers' group to increase production and allow supplies to rise this quarter, a relatively low period for demand.
The fans are the ones who chant ugly things.
Billy Southworth Jr. dedicated his diary to his father, who would have surely understood and appreciated what his son was trying to tell him.
"Would you walk many miles to hear something?"
The full reviews of these and other recent books are on the Web: nytimes.com/books
If that happens, Katrina will have destroyed New Orleans, but helped to restore America.
Most European countries represented at this week's summit meeting are already giving substantially higher percentages of their smaller national incomes.
One new company will own enthusiast magazines, like Motor Trend, Petersen's Hunting, Surfing and Soap Opera Digest, as well as Channel One, which broadcasts into schools.
STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 11 - First, City Hall tried to raze her diner.
Her two sons, Kent and Chris, were born in Los Angeles.
As Dr. Hatoon Al-Fassi, a history professor in Riyadh, puts it: "We have to face the fact that these people that attacked in Riyadh are Saudis.
He falls into detective work because he takes pity on a man searching for his runaway teenage daughter and uses his entrée to clubs and the meaner streets to track her down.
The new chips may be innovative, but they are not necessarily complex.
Sunday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Fukuda, a former soccer standout from Gunma-machi, Japan, has hit 10 of 16 field-goal attempts and 23 of 23 P.A.T.
Mr. Fithian said he was "befuddled" by studies that show fewer people attending the movies.
SAN ANTONIO RAMPAGE--Recalled RW Lance Monych from Laredo of the CHL.
"Last night I had to call you, and I was hoping to get your voicemail," said Dan Tichacek, 24, from Wilbraham, Mass., stuttering every few words.
The Episcopal Church U.S.A. approved the ordination of an openly noncelibate gay bishop in 2003.
"Everything here is fresher and bigger," said Mr. Halliday, who celebrates birthdays at Pen.
United Defense Industries Inc., based in Arlington, Va., a maker of Army vehicles and naval guns, had sales in 2004 of $2.3 billion and has been making armored vehicles since World War II.
GIANTS--Signed DE Justin Tuck to a four-year contract.
A relativist America is properly inconceivable.
Dr. Whyte's analysis of what made those tracks, however, turned out to be a big surprise -- a giant water scorpion from 330 million years ago, long before the age of the dinosaurs.
The result, the company says, is that battery-operated toothbrushes spin faster, flashlights shine brighter, camera flashes are quicker to recharge and music players produce richer sound.
Norah Jones sang Randy Newman's "I Think It's Going to Rain Today" with melancholy modesty.
The master suites, on the top floor of each building, have king-size beds with built-in shelves and private terraces.
But Mr. Hale said engineers were still studying the potential risks of a damaged thermal-insulation blanket near the window on the commander's side of the shuttle.
Crude oil, which reached a record $70.85 last month, surged 7 percent on Monday amid storm fears.
The cost of the criminal and civil investigations may be heavy.
Stephon Marbury had 25 points, 5 assists and 4 steals, but like everyone else on the Knicks, his performance was tainted by missteps.
"When a child is sick, the costs just add up," said Lisa Lindstrom, director of public relations for the Danny Fund.
The sweet tea, a beguiling amber, comes in an ornate pot from which the waiter pours in dramatic fashion, lifting the pot gradually to as high as his arm could stretch, so that the liquid falls, steaming, into each glass.
Well, everybody can't live in a McMansion.
The once libertine oil port of Basra, 350 miles south of the capital and far from the insurgency raging in much of Iraq, is steadily being transformed into a mini-theocracy under Shiite rule.
Mr. Settepani, 45, and Ms. Abraham, 44, realized that they needed "a little help understanding our market," as Ms. Abraham put it.
"Republicans believe in individual retirement plans as a way to supplant Social Security."
It charges discrimination on the basis of political beliefs against the Democratic minority in the State Senate and the Republican minority in the Assembly, and violations of the rights to free speech and equal protection.
Scattered clues suggest who these people might be.
"But if 10 of them are Yankees making $50 million a year, that's going to affect the average wage."
Apartments became available as aging owners died or retired, and the broader Manhattan real estate market discovered housing corporation buildings.
The College mourns the loss of a great talent and extends to the Janeway family its deepest sympathy.
If approved by its directors, the measure will make the group, the American Psychiatric Association, the first major medical organization to take such a stance.
When it comes to playing Mozart, it doesn't come much better than the ORCHESTRA OF ST. LUKE'S, and the ensemble is offering ROBERT LEVIN's reconstruction of the Requiem with DONALD RUNNICLES, the ATLANTA SYMPHONY CHAMBER CHORUS and a fine crop of soloists.
Westchester Less than $300,000 Mount Vernon $89,000 673 Locust Street Number of bedrooms: 1 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Weeks on market: 2 months 76-year-old, 650-sq.-ft. co-op in an English Tudor building; refinished wood floors, no board approval; maintenance $367, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $89,000.
The FS-2 ($200) adds an infrared remote control, while the higher-end models can connect to housewide entertainment systems like those made by Sonance.
"If I had stayed in Massachusetts I probably wouldn't be a Democrat," he said.
They encouraged him to study accounting, and Alfred entered Temple University Business School.
If the authors had published the full data about strokes and other vascular problems, the company's theory would have been even harder to accept, Dr. Curfman said.
Bold, richly textured and entertaining.
She said the free tickets meant concertgoers were more likely to take a chance on a lesser-known musician.
As a member of the Food and Drug Administration advisory panel that considered the evidence for suicide risk in children using antidepressants, he spoke out against the drugs, saying he saw little evidence of benefit and much evidence of harm.
Something has got to happen."
His 56-yard completion to Donald Driver put Green Bay on the Chicago 35 with less than a minute left.
I will make you proud and ensure your legacy lives on through me.
Eminem, near right, and 50 Cent, far right, will headline the Anger Management 3 tour this summer, one of the biggest tours announced for the season.
One was that New York spent too much and another was that New York taxed too much," he said.
It appears to migrate out of its product and attach to household dust.
1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212) 423-3600.
Then, he simply took his phone and walked away.
The Athlete's Edge Articles in this series will periodically examine how Haverford coaches decide whom to support in the admissions process, how the athletics and admissions offices interact, and why some applicants are accepted and others are declined.
As Andrew Berman, executive director of the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation, stated in your article, the Postal Service has a responsibility not to act just like a private developer.
GRILLING fish has intimidated and frustrated countless home cooks: it overcooks, it sticks to the grill, it falls apart.
Meanwhile, David and Keith (Michael C. Hall and Mathew St. Patrick) are looking for a surrogate mother.
Filing from the Mets were Marlon Anderson and Danny Graves, who filed after the team turned down his option.
It overlooks a lake and a fairway.
Nor are the forces on our side necessarily fighting for democracy, as they were in Berlin.
The Asian-influenced cuisine hops from Japan to India to Thailand; results mostly dazzle.
Now the only abiding mystery left in the universe is what was the greatest thing before sliced bread.
It once more finds itself surrounded by doubt and dismissed as a laggard.
She was until July a law clerk for Associate Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court of the United States.
That omission, described by prosecutors as an attempt to obstruct justice, was one reason that the United States attorney's office here was pushing for a sentence of 30 to 37 months, higher than the 15 to 21 months that it had agreed to as part of the Dec. 23 plea agreement.
It allows our salespeople to go in; we can take stuffed ducks; we have an opportunity for them to make an initial entree with the business owner.
The San Francisco Chronicle has treated the book like a major news event, printing a week's worth of excerpts, listing the names of those who dared to attend Wilsey's book party and drawing up lists of actors for the movie.
"In the United States, they always saw the Colombians as those who could be corrupted, but now we've seen that the Americans can also be corrupted."
The mayor's lawyer, E. Joshua Rosenkranz, said the district attorney's decision was a "total and complete vindication."
Mr. Yakovlev said at the time, in a typically blunt statement.
If Canadians are too polite and civil for Burrough's tastes, then all I can say is, Vive la différence!
Solar power is a disappointment, still accounting for only about one-fifth of 1 percent of the nation's electricity and costing about five times as much as other sources.
Kit Woolsey of Kensington, Calif., is to be inducted into the Hall of Fame on Saturday evening.
Based on a 1970 drawing, "Study for Floating Island to Travel Around Manhattan Island," it is a site-specific public work in which a tugboat tows a large barge covered with earth that is planted with trees and shrubs -- a man-made island of sorts -- around Manhattan, visible on shore at numerous locations along the Hudson, Harlem and East Rivers.
The lawyers will also argue that three former WorldCom employees deserved immunity from prosecution so they could testify in Mr. Ebbers's defense.
Facebook.com, a social networking site for college students begun last year by a Dobbs Ferry native, has started a site geared toward secondary-school students.
Urbana, Ill. - IN elementary school, I spent a great deal of energy trying to explain the difference between atheism and devil worship.
asked Bernice Bohlman, 71, of Mastic Beach on Long Island, who came upon the scene on her way to see "Wicked."
On almost every play I see on TV, offensive linemen in particular are guilty of violating the rules against holding.
Mr. DeCock said it had mostly belonged to George Kleinsinger, the composer of "Tubby the Tuba," who died in 1982, and Mr. Kleinsinger's wife, along with a menagerie of snakes and other creatures.
"The auto companies are in the most trouble because they have some of the highest health costs and some of the toughest competition."
"This is a more dignified, more efficient, cleaner alternative," said Claudia Sheinbaum, the city's environment secretary.
In Westchester, he said, this has meant that several town councils have been forced to grapple with the presence of increasing numbers of day laborers.
Mr. McClellan asserted that "unlimited and unpredictable liability awards raise the cost of health care for all Americans through higher premiums for their health insurance."
Overview of Lesson Plan: In this lesson, students examine the historic election of Pope Benedict XVI and reflect on the challenges he faces as the new leader of the Catholic Church.
Not that they can use it.
May their entire family be comforted among all who mourn for Zion & Jerusalem.
Vintage wallpaper decorates a corner, and found stained-glass windows with mismatched colored panes separate the kitchen from the dining room.
Mr. Mandelson said he received "no positive response yet" to the union's proposal.
"I told Donnie I was going away from my strengths," Giambi said.
Stan Brand, a Washington lawyer for Major League Baseball, said in a telephone interview on Sunday that Davis or Waxman, or possibly both, had agreed to meet with Rob Manfred, the chief labor executive for baseball, and someone from the players union to discuss the subpoenas.
Maybe she could go to one of those nonprofit housing groups that have helped rebuild her Mott Haven neighborhood, like South Bronx Community Management?
He told about 50 current and former A.I.G.
But she believes the fate of the Girls Club depends on securing its own real estate.
"I've always wanted to play a bar mitzvah, so this is it," he said.
Many hospitals stopped administering the vaccine because of a controversy over the use of thimerosal, which critics contend causes autism.
Leiter signed with the Marlins for one year and $8 million, but the wildness he showed in the second half of last season carried over.
(Ms. Stevens sheepishly acknowledged that she had forgotten that last answer.)
They are sea people, proud people.
Why the documents were altered by midlevel General Re employees is not entirely clear, but one regulator said it was done in a way that allowed A.I.G.
Send it to ctcal@nytimes.com or to Connecticut Weekly, The New York Times, 229 West 43rd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Sometimes it's a matter of everything not being on time or not having your feet set or things taking longer" Giants Coach Tom Coughlin said: "I think sometimes when a young quarterback sees something is covered and knows the clock is running and turns quickly to another direction, he has the tendency to throw the ball and not really account for everybody that's out there.
But listen to his extraordinary recording of Bach's "Well-Tempered Clavier," Book 1, released last year by ECM.
Central Park created, for the first time, large bodies of water in Manhattan suitable for ice skating, and there was soon a skating craze.
If the products are introduced, Cytos will earn royalties on Pfizer's net sales of the products, the company said.
Also out there in Web Land are all sorts of official-sounding studies and reports with names like "Benthic Macroinvertebrate Data," and all of them contain phrases that would no doubt terrify us laymen if we could decipher what they meant.
(Yes, there are such things.)
NETS--Signed F Adam Chubb, C Ben Handlogten, F Arthur Johnson, G Ricky Shields and G Derrick Zimmerman.
Some change will be essential.
Ms. Beauchamp called the task force's report courageous, and praised it for including the views of so many consumers of the state's mental health services.
Under Mr. Negroponte, General Hayden said, no National Intelligence Estimate will be approved until each agency whose sources are being used as a basis for the findings articulates to all others its "confidence in the source."
One in New York City shows a period.
The suspect passenger was interviewed for two hours by British police officers on his return to London and was later set free.
And so it made a certain kind of sense to spend more than $1 million for an intimate party, a low key event that began at 7:30 p.m. and wound down in just under four hours.
Shlammer, Mr. Froot says, is a Yiddish word that means thug, and Mr. Froot often impersonates one -- a scowling, growly-voiced, stiffly gesturing fellow in an ill-fitting suit that still has a coat hanger attached to the back.
Dr. Ritter, who was among a group of veterinarians and scientists sent by the United States to Beijing two weeks ago to discuss poultry health issues, said that birds would be injected at about two weeks of age, followed by a booster shot four weeks later.
SAN ANTONIO RAMPAGE--Assigned D Jeremy Swanson to Texas of the ECHL.
"I think that one of the awful byproducts of living in communities where you inflict violence on people who look like you, at such an easy and confident rate, what may spill over is the comfort to do so whether that person is wearing a bus uniform or a police uniform," he said.
"There is no trying to understand Nazis, but what are you going to do?"
HOME FIRES BURNING: Married to the Military -- for Better or Worse, by Karen Houppert.
BRYSON CITY, N.C., Nov. 4 - The crowd at Swain County High School on Friday nights in the fall is composed of football fans first and voters second.
Knickerbocker developed a massive ice harvesting operation at Rockland Lake in Nyack and along the banks of the upper Hudson River, and during the winter months it employed thousands of men to cut huge blocks of ice and haul them to scores of large ice warehouses.
The company's executive director, Viktor Vekselberg, who was in London, disputed the claim, which dates from 2001, and vowed to challenge it in court.
A teacher of film at the New School since 1987, Ms. Kramer has been producing and directing documentaries for almost as long as she has lived in the Village.
The two men spoke in front of a huge image of Che Guevara.
"I'm homeless and I only hope God will give us patience to endure," she said, quivering, though whether out of rage or resignation was hard to tell.
Then there's the luxury of calling Bemelmans Bar and the Dumonet at the Carlyle her own living room and dining room.
Brutality erupted again as soon as Executive Outcomes left, but the world had seen that a small, well-trained private force could accomplish immeasurable good.
Mr. Zoellick, in the interview, did give the government some credit.
From 1998 to 2002, a study of 33,911 television reports found, the percentage of "feed" material from third-party sources rose to 23 percent of all reports from 14 percent.
It is now producing 4.2 million barrels per day but it has set an ambitious goal of raising its production to 5.4 million barrels per day by 2010.
Her reference was to a campaign for the Magazine Publishers of America, by the New York office of Fallon Worldwide, part of the Publicis Groupe, which carries the theme "Read on," promoting what it calls the enduring power of magazines to engage readers.
The World Health Organization hopes to eradicate polio globally by the end of this year.
In the same sale a pair of steel chairs designed in the 1970's by Maria Pergay, a current decorators' and collectors' favorite, sold for $66,000, well above its high estimate of $9,000.
One woman caring for her husband, shows eyes dim with tears.
An avid hunter, he also photographed deer, boar and birds.
ESPRESSO JOE'S Dan Toye and Tony Kontos.
These two views underscore the complexity of the challenges facing Pope Benedict XVI.
Starr International, registered in Panama but with offices in Bermuda, owns about 12 percent of A.I.G.
Finding the meaning of life through God.
The United States had at one time relied on Russia as its top energy alternative to the Middle East.
"Dwyane, just like Shaq, makes everybody better."
Born in Buffalo, New York, on October 28, 1920, Sidney Wertimer graduated in 1942 from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, then reported for active duty as an Ensign aboard the Navy destroyer William D. Porter.
Those two months just happen to coincide with the Holiday Train Show.
These days, most historians would not look to Jackson for anything worthwhile.
FIGURE EIGHTS Russia's Tatiana Totmianina and Maxim Marinin won their second straight pairs world championship in front of a thrilled home-country crowd Wednesday night, topping another Russian pair, MariYa Petrova and AleKSei Tikhonov, with an excellent long program.
Florida's Medicaid program would pay the plan a premium for their care, adjusted to reflect the health status of the patient.
The family will receive visitors at home from 2-6 on Saturday, November 19.
Others have used plastic explosives or other high explosives.
The awards are to be presented on July 8.
Dr. Hockfield said she was about to suggest they go to her lab and practice when she realized, "Oh, well, we can't just go to my lab and look at my microscope."
Shenyin & Wanguo, based in Shanghai, signed a memorandum with the Central Huijin Investment Company, an investment arm of China's central bank, the company said.
The inspector general, Philip Zisman, is still poking around in the Yonkers murk.
"This is not about an individual nominee or position," said Larry Di Rita, the Pentagon spokesman.
To the Editor: For a group that billed itself as bringing the discipline of the corporate world and the advantages of free markets to government, the Bush administration has repeatedly ignored a key fundamental of business and negotiations: buyer power.
"In other countries, someone who had climbed the highest mountain 14 times, he would have received much more praise and acclaim," he said, standing here in his home village, a cluster of 45 stone houses perched on a picturesque plateau surrounded by breathtaking 20,000-foot mountains.
Video games feature combat on an imaginary street where Arabic writing appears on the walls of buildings.
The skyline's pinnacle is a silvery tower completed last year and occupied by 2,000 Goldman Sachs employees.
That warning, Mr. Loeb said, applied to any hires Citadel might make from other hedge fund managers Mr. Loeb knows.
And high rates of immigration and immigrant success stories seem to hammer home the point: The rules of advancement have changed.
They had taken the train in from Brooklyn, she and her two sisters and her brother, and they had met their mother at her building at midday.
If switching lawyers was intended to buy time, the strategy failed.
After the problems in July and August, Entergy agreed to overhaul the siren system to include a backup power source.
"When you're giving the baby a massage, you can't talk on the phone.
Pepsi spent $372 million last year to advertise in major United States media, but only $3 million of that on the Internet, according to estimates from TNS Media Intelligence.
Mr. Boynton declined to comment on the ferry district's decision to keep Mr. Easter on the job.
PARIS, Feb. 28 - Financial regulators on Monday announced the creation of an international board to oversee the setting of auditing standards.
Shares of Lilly rose $1.20, or 2.3 percent, to $53.41.
State criminal possession laws still apply, so the Denver measure is considered largely symbolic.
One student whose hand shot up could not form the words to ask the question she wanted to.
That's actuary-speak for "damned lies."
It raises the prospect of a custody battle between Mrs. Quinn, the publisher of the conservative weekly The Spectator, and her husband, Stephen, the publisher of the British edition of Vogue, and the divorced Mr. Blunkett, who is currently fighting a battle for access to Mrs. Quinn's 2-year-old son, William, who Mr. Blunkett claims is his son.
I'll also talk about the much more urgent fiscal problems the administration hopes you won't notice while it scares you about Social Security.
But unlike earlier incarnations, the car's steering and braking are fully a match for the 6-liter 400-horsepower V-8 under the hood.
CHARLES ISHERWOOD +* 'ALTAR BOYZ' This sweetly satirical show about a Christian pop group made up of five potential Teen People cover boys is an enjoyable silly diversion.
"This is serious corporate America here," said Mr. Rosen, gesturing outside at his offices' expansive red brick terrace and down Park Avenue.
The bill, which has bipartisan support, is part of an effort to tighten the pension funding rules, in hopes of preventing more big failures like the one at United.
The regular-season schedule is to end April 18, and the Stanley Cup playoffs will end no later than June 19.
Since Porter Goss took over as director of the agency in September, at least six top deputies have been fired or have retired abruptly, including the agency's No.2 and No.3 officials.
He looked like he was ready to take a hit."
Several drivers did just that.
15 on the hardcover nonfiction list, while "John Paul the Great," Peggy Noonan's breezy remembrance of that pope, climbs to No.
This would add an estimated 40,000 new DNA samples to the 153,000 currently in the state's database.
Yet along with atrocities, there are hopeful signs.
The Food and Drug Administration is investigating the company's handling of product-related safety issues.
The restaurant features live jazz and blues on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights.
According to the United States Geological Survey, Louisiana has lost an average of 34 square miles of wetland a year since the 1930's as efforts to control the Mississippi River kept its muddy waters out of the marshes, depriving them of needed infusions of sediment.
I would hope and think that the vast majority are really happy."
The decline in manufacturing and the rise in service-oriented jobs means oil is not as indispensable for economic growth.
During Sunday night's theft, a hotel employee interrupted two men as they were prying works of art from the wall of a closed restaurant, apparently with a crowbar.
"All my kids have my cellphone number, and they have my e-mail address," she said.
Only about a third of the Holiday Inn still stands.
"And so what if it did?
Prices for the condos range from $600,000 to $9 million for a 5,000-square-foot penthouse with 1,600 square feet of terrace.
By the time Mr. Berkley counted off the first tune, Count Basie's "Kid From Red Bank," Ms. Tabin was already standing in the back of the balcony gauging the sound.
His dry-aged strip loin with rutabaga purée and a truffled-up demi-glace is not too shabby, either.
"They voted for Kennedy, they voted for Clinton.
Mr. Hays said it had probably been in the Gardiner family since 1772, when the sixth proprietor of Gardiners Island built a new house there.
"That's born out of the fear of being fired."
Ms. Rhimes admitted that certain stories, like Dr. Webber's mentorship of Dr. Burke -- cast into doubt in the pilot and tested during the towel incident -- "feels like something that's a little bit more about race than anything else on the show."
Before he was wounded, he said, he lost two members of his unit on patrols near Baghdad.
The army said it found no evidence to support Palestinian accusations that the boys were chased into an ambush by soldiers.
A year earlier, a court had made a similar ruling after an effort to revoke the license of an adult home.
BASEBALL American League KANSAS CITY ROYALS--Recalled LHP J.P. Howell from Omaha of the PCL.
In his last seven starts, Mussina has allowed only eight walks.
In the spring Julia Stiles graduated from Columbia.
They were floored when Prada offered two dresses, secured through a phone call by Ms. Wintour, who also encouraged Ms. Kebede to become involved.
"It was some houses and a dock for boats.
"We have begun to concentrate again on that."
The coaches poll automatically votes the winner of the B.C.S.
"They have some quite heavy guns, but we can see where they are firing from, " Mr. Morris said.
With a goal and three assists Saturday, Rangers right wing Jaromir Jagr has recorded 7 points over the last two games to take the league lead in points with 50.
Find volatile events such as slavery, immigration or war in these textbooks and compare the entries to those in your current textbook.
Until recently, multiple myeloma killed most people within two to three years.
SANITATION -- No pickups, street cleaning or recycling.
JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS--Waived S Ray Perryman.
While abortion rates have been falling generally since 1990, the decline has been steepest among teenagers, and rates are lowest among educated, financially secure women.
Along with the Red Cross, relief agencies, including the Southern Baptist Disaster Relief Fund and Spirit of America, a humanitarian group, moved in mobile kitchens and had prepared more than a half million hot meals for evacuees by last night, officials said.
"That's how I plotted my trip," she said.
"No one ever talks about us," he said Friday morning.
Hyman Abramowitz, the volunteer manager of Four Seasons Lodge, says it may be next.
"Let me just say, in all sincerity, congratulations to all the Boston Red Sox fans," Mr. Pataki said, drawing a large laugh and cheer from the New Hampshire audience.
Melville is one of the best values to be found in the Santa Rita Hills of Santa Barbara County.
On Oxygen, "Making It Big" stages a new competition each episode, as young aspirants try to break into telegenic fields like choreography or hairstyling, on the slim promise that if they win the contest, a titan in the business might condescend to take their work seriously.
With just two dozen stocks, Baron Partners is not for the cautious, nor Mr. Baron warns, should investors wager on a repeat in 2005.
The wide, blue Kampong Bay River flows past rows of colonial houses, some crumbling, others freshly painted bright mustard or limestone white.
(530) 533-0610 www.marylakethompson.com FALL FRUIT -- This recycled metal vase is shaped like a pomegranate and perched on a leafy metallic branch.
The Bush administration and the Republican-controlled Congress have turned this country into a complete mess in only five years, and yet the Democratic Party cannot seem to get its act together.
Lean, weathered and voluble -- "I don't often have anyone out here to talk to," he said -- Mr. Sloup has been on, around and occasionally in these waters for 52 of his 59 years.
The cost of going for a jog, meanwhile, goes up when an economy is growing and that time could be spent doing paid work.
(Anderson) FORMOSA ABORIGINAL SONG AND DANCE TROUPE AND ULALI (Tomorrow) A 30-member ensemble devoted to the ritual songs and dances of the indigenous people of Taiwan shares a program with Ulali, an American Indian women's a cappella group.
Leigh Fondakowski, who helped create "The Laramie Project," directs and is head writer on another docudrama, but this time she is digging deeper into history to analyze the roots of the mass suicide at Jonestown in 1978.
"I told Jimmy that Eddie was a genius, and I told Eddie that you might want to borrow some money from Jimmy."
Not much has changed in public perception of the craft since the original "King Kong" was made back in 1933.
But they took a step backward against the Broncos, who finally started clicking after two rugged games to start the season.
The first several candidates offered by the computer were the usual garbled images.
In the last few years, DNA helped to clarify seven unsolved rapes in New Iberia, La., three decade-old cases in Baltimore, dozens of cases in Ohio.
"You have the right to veto, governor," Mr. Silver said.
"This decision to expand the Macy's brand was based on careful study and new research on customer preferences in May Company communities," Terry J. Lundgren, the chief executive of Federated, said in a statement.
And there will be no hometown discount this time.
"DeLay also needs our fervent prayers.
This reality does not become controlling, for the task of interpreting the Eighth Amendment remains our responsibility.
"Hair tells you nothing about a person's personality.
Selig Waits for a Response After the owners' meetings in California last week, Commissioner Bud Selig complained about the union's lack of a response to his proposal for stiffer suspensions for players who test positive for using performance-enhancing substances.
A loan from a bank makes sense if the firm's ultimate gain from hiring extra workers is enough to cover not only their salaries but also repayment of the loan plus interest.
May his memory be a blessing.
Now, the biggest hope is to change the standard for election so nominees would at least have to receive a majority, not just a plurality, of the votes cast.
After 11 Nf3, Karjakin could have played 11 Qb6 and then proceeded to show off the power of the bishop pair.
"Very nice," Mr. Benigno said.
But he still loses the ball to the right sometimes, as he did late in the day at Augusta National Golf Club in April, when Chris DiMarco shadowed him before Woods found daylight in a playoff.
When Susan's troubles began in 2002, she was 49 and healthy except that she lacked a spleen, removed years before.
Ms. Fisher, 48, is a stalwart Democrat who has contributed to the campaigns of Republican bêtes noires ranging from Bella Abzug to Hillary Rodham Clinton to Tom Daschle.
The administration proposal is the first attempt to link corporate creditworthiness and the freedom companies have to offer pensions to their employees.
The building is fully designed.
They agreed it would be the last roundup.
When Amy Mohlman and Joseph Puchalsky married in Orlando, Fla., on May 16, in a wedding with an Alice in Wonderland theme, the bride wore a white and lavender wedding dress, a white pinafore and a petticoat, while the bridegroom commissioned a $130 copy of the Mad Hatter's top hat.
I filled my pack with food, water and a tent, but I made room for two books, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance" and the "Odyssey."
The American military command said it was treating the report as disinformation, and even the Baath Web site later withdrew it.
In Minnesota on Friday night, moments after the pitching coach Mel Stottlemyre told him to stay and cover third on a bunt, Rodriguez took a few steps in for the ball anyway.
"They were never going to elect a pope from Latin America or Africa," Guilherme Marra, a salesman here, lamented Tuesday afternoon.
Clearly, some type of baseball therapy is needed at Shea Stadium.
Nick Faldo played a practice round with Nicklaus on Monday.
It won convictions against two top executives at Fonovisa, the biggest independent record label in the Spanish-language market, and a top radio executive.
But what if one's offspring were headed for graduate school, another mother wondered with an almost visible shudder.
"You think I could stand another year like last year?
"It's time for comics to balance the scales, see the world and broaden its horizons," he added.
He was convicted in 1980 and served three and a half years of a 10-year sentence.
These standards are drawn from Content Knowledge: A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education; 3rd and 4th Editions and have been provided courtesy of the Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning in Aurora, Colorado.
Whatever Mr. Hill's renown may be, he is not well served by the book's breathless assessments of his gifts.
Some analysts said that the cheaper Mac Mini, which could cost several hundred dollars more than its $499 price with a monitor, keyboard and mouse, could help stop the erosion.
The lady behind the service counter couldn't find my basket but had a good idea where it went.
In the late 1950's, a few years after a nervous breakdown, he cut loose from a Time-Life salary and a family in Westchester and became an obsessive documenter of a Manhattan loft full of jazz musicians, on Sixth Avenue near 28th Street.
Franklin looked up from the menu, pushed his glasses down over his nose and said, "I will not be ordering the special!"
In Edwards's eyes, Kendall epitomizes the collective character of a team that is fighting as if driven by the promise of the postseason, not merely pride.
Is it like that in Los Angeles?
Rockland/Orange Less than $300,000 Highland Falls $280,000 149 Main Street, Orange Number of bedrooms: 4 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Time on the market: 6 weeks 47-year-old brick and stucco-sided ranch; eat-in kitchen, fireplace, family room, finished walk-out basement, h/w floors, 61-by-111-ft. lot; taxes $4,500; listed at $275,000 (multiple bids).
She said she has often found it difficult to buy the medicine she requires with her regular pension of $433 a month.
Having drawn strength from Muslims' defense of Islam, the Sikhs who objected to "Behzti" won support from some Christian prelates.
Private Chandler said he felt sick when he saw the Arabic words for "Stop or I will shoot" written phonetically on the windshield of his vehicle so he could memorize them.
The agency hopes that in the next several years it will complete a transit hub in Lower Manhattan and create a second passenger-rail tunnel under the Hudson River.
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said last week that China would block a Japanese bid to join the United Nations Security Council unless its neighbor apologized more sincerely and atoned for World War II-era abuses.
Tuesday through Friday at 8 p.m. and Saturday July 16 at 2 and 8 p.m., Lynch Theater at John Jay College; 10th Avenue between 58th and 59th Streets, (212)721-6500, $60.
Vocabulary: outlets, abandoned, circulation, catastrophic, evacuating, bayou, affiliate, interim, resilient, oversees, ingenuity, magnets, impacted, assault Extension Activities: 1.
The agency has helped the family logistically, medically, financially and emotionally.
After the coup, everything was open in Liberia.
Instead Rob Marshall, the director of "Chicago," was hired and Mr. Spielberg remained a producer.
There is a revolutionary glove with an integrated wrist guard built in that defuses the impact of the usual bone-jarring fall.
Eleanore Schwartz Freedman born in Brooklyn, NY on September 20, 1919 to Max and Pauline Schwartz, graduated from James Madison High School in Brooklyn, NY in 1936, where she met her future husband, Elliott.
"Especially this year," said Joe Gergela, the executive director of the Long Island Farm Bureau.
Even now they expect Israel to allow Palestinian trucks to cross its border, even though both sides know some significant portion will contain bombs designed to kill Jews.
Put aside for a moment the question of whether Mr. Bush misled the nation on W.M.D.
He even picked up his dynastic calling by running as a city councilman in Long Beach, Calif., serving from 1996 to 2000.
Tramel was eventually taken to the burn unit at Weill Cornell Center, where he received treatment for second- and third-degree burns.
The language offends people like the Rev.
The greatest challenge facing the city is the need to rethink the World Trade Center site.
"I can find no reason for my survival," Alexander confesses early on, "but then I can find no good reason for having crossed the border in the first place."
Fortified, drive on to Blenheim Hill Books, at the northern edge of Stamford, a vacation destination from the 1880's to the 1940's and home to rambling old hotel buildings and houses dripping with Victorian gingerbread.
More recently, the prospect of reporting stock options as expenses has caused more boards to shift from equity-based pay to cash bonuses.
It was a far greater increase than even the most optimistic Wall Street analysts had expected.
THE BOTTOM LINE -- To belabor small maintenance problems would be unfair at a hotel still new enough to be ironing out some kinks.
She also said that relative to the volume of business A.I.G.
Nintavur, a town of 29,700, did not suffer as badly as most surrounding towns, losing only 128 people.
And we are not sleeping.
In its profit warning last week, Ford cited as a key factor "the prospect of higher and sustained gasoline prices."
As he has since becoming president, Mr. Bush gets massages most Sunday afternoons to relieve tension and muscle aches from exercise.
In 1993, for example, James Miller -- who called himself Fan Man -- parachuted into the boxing ring during a match between Riddick Bowe and Evander Holyfield in Las Vegas.
She wants to be both a preppy, ready to hit the links with Dad, and a punk rocker sneering in her spray-painted oxford shirt.
I believe the social conservatives' attempt to end the judicial filibuster is one of these cases.
The activism that cannot be eliminated from interpretation is not an activism without constraint.
Like the pharaohs, William Randolph Hearst liked big.
But, the lawyers say, he was too mentally disturbed to have planned the attack, which also injured 14 people.
Barrichello drove into the grass but corrected his course.
Given that, Justice Souter warned, "this is no time to deny the prudence of understanding the Establishment Clause to require the government to stay neutral on religious belief."
"Love and War" does not always live up to Western production standards.
Call about one property, and the Bully will tell you either it doesn't fit your criteria or it has already been rented.
To the Editor: "Free Judy Miller" doesn't acknowledge the fundamental point of civil disobedience: in breaking the law for a principle, you accept and even expect the consequences.
Immediately, though, the critics tore into the design.
's fault or that it didn't matter anyway, because there were new, retroactive rationales to justify the war.
The Observation Room in Tower No.
He served in the Army Air Corps during World War II, flying aviation gas from India to China.
The fictional 87th Precinct actually became a television series in 1961, but lasted only one season.
That satisfies this country's desire to consume and Asia's desire to step up production and employment for its vast population.
With today's world overdosed by questionable computer games and mindless TV shows, coupled with a school system that ranks below other industrialized countries, the greatest gift a mother can give her child is a shared passion for reading in the heat of summer and throughout every book season of the year.
Many evacuees said they had never left the state before.
He also produced "Understanding Cities," a series of films on city planning.
And I know when a player is injured because they come right past me in the tunnel.
Now he has to get by without him altogether.
"I think it's beautiful -- and weird," said Stephanie Hacking, 10, during a recent field trip.
The company joined Wall Street securities firms including Lehman Brothers in benefiting from a pickup in fixed-income trading, mergers and underwriting.
When he began an online series of articles about the sperm bank, he became not only a great catch for television producers but also a conduit.
"Where is the false testimony that he is asking him to give?"
Create your own picture collage of style trends at your school.
Indeed, because Bank of America and Citigroup are no longer defendants and will not share liability that a jury may assign, J.P. Morgan Chase's potential liability has increased as a result of the two settlements.
Truckers, facing sharply higher diesel bills, are passing on the rising cost of carrying goods.
Marine sciences would be the focal point of the campus, she said, but other courses ranging from business to history to the arts would be offered there as well.
The test is even greater for the American-born children of Muslim immigrants.
Especially so in the upscale slicks, where these stories of the rich and beautiful emerge so flat and lifeless that no one in them casts a shadow.
"It was that, combined with his state of mind at the time, that led him to do it," Mr. Gable said.
He worked for a few months in Dublin and then spent two years as a corporate recruiter in Oakland and San Francisco, where he learned, he said, that the business world was not for him.
I have too much honor to submit to such treatment; and I am determined to put an end to it one way or the other."
His children, Sam, 29, and Anna, 26, had spent their summers swimming in the spring-fed pond.
Jesse M. Brill, a securities lawyer who is chairman of the National Association of Stock Plan Professionals, a sponsor of the Chicago conference, said the video of Mr. Woolard's speech should be required viewing in every public company's boardroom.
8 p.m., Makor, Steinhardt Building, 35 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 601-1000; $20 in advance, $25 at the door.
Mr. Khalsa, who claims clairvoyance, can also tell you what ails your husband, who is not present, while fixing you for $150 an hour.
"Sylvia" continues with alternating casts through Monday, followed by a seven-performance run of the company's production, new last year, of Petipa's "Raymonda" as staged by Anna-Marie Holmes and Kevin McKenzie.
At the turn of the 20th century, a Norwegian named Kristian Birkeland noticed that sunspots were correlated to auroral activity.
A computer can certainly make life easier for travelers keeping an online travel journal, serial e-mailers and those who want to keep up with their jobs.
("There was nothing worse than a man in pain.
"It's a hell of a lot like dancing," Mr. Race said.
The videotape, which was first described Thursday in The Dallas Morning News, caused an uproar in Mexico because the four men claimed to have killed a journalist working for the cartel and said they planned to kill a former attorney general and a police chief in the border town of Nuevo Laredo.
"You might have 30,000 families going to Family Court, which is already completely overwhelmed," said Elizabeth Saylor, a domestic violence lawyer in the Brooklyn office of the Legal Aid Society.
The Philharmonic was at its elegant best for the Dvorak, especially in the shining brass-playing at the end.
Born December 21, 1931 in New York.
He is known for writing stories with plots that take as many unexpected twists as an Alpine trail.
But what drew more than 900,000 visitors to the California Science Center were dissected corpses posed in lifelike attitudes: skateboarding, ski-jumping, dancing, roping.
"No, Suman," I say, "I just wish I could patch you through to the White House."
In other cases, donors have pledged or sent money that has not been processed.
Italy is tied with the United States with four World Cup victories this season.
The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, for instance, does not endorse prenatal testing, which the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends offering during pregnancy.
And while some hotels will not be up and running for another month or two, others were fixed up so swiftly that they began receiving international visitors again only a week after the storm hit.
"It's probably more frustration on the part of the defense.
A Pakistani court overturned the death sentences of all six men convicted in the attack on her and ordered five of them freed.
This is all a stark reminder of just how one-sided the new bankruptcy law is.
He notes that the headscarf ranks seventh or eighth when voters are asked what's on their minds; jobs generally top the list.
v. Why might some scientists theorize that applying sunscreen might actually increase a person’s risk of getting melanoma?
Mr. Kelly said, referring to the counterterrorism effort.
Ms. Fiorina became the public image of the company, starring in television advertisements showing her visiting the legendary garage in Palo Alto, Calif., where the company began.
The changes would be phased in over two years on the No.
"I mean, he's going to behave the way he wants to behave."
Navy Seal teams specialize in long-range reconnaissance in difficult and enemy-held terrain, and are trained to carry out "direct action" missions to kill enemy fighters or destroy positions with explosives or by calling in airstrikes.
Bonnie Chajet, a senior vice president at Warburg Realty, who had been contracted to sell the unit, said it was being offered for $6.9 million.
Other advertisers are looking past prime-time programming and late-night talk shows to reach nocturnal young men.
Perhaps we would no longer be polarized as we worked toward a common goal: our own sustainability.
Ms. Johnson said that she last saw Mr. Davy on Friday afternoon on Jamaica Boulevard, while he was shopping for clothes.
In loving memory of our beautiful Aunt Sylvia, we extend heartfelt condolences to Leslie, Jeffrey, Lori, all their children and our Uncle Bernie.
"It costs us money every time we send files to people over the Internet," he said.
He achieved some acclaim at Elizabeth High School but did not pursue a college career because he became a father first.
They said the Royal Bank was more likely to pay about $2.5 billion, perhaps by divesting of some of its other large investments or equity stakes.
The equipment will weigh more than seven tons, and its 15-inch-tall antenna panels will be bolted to the parapet.
In fact, now the disaster was upon us, it had an air of weary inevitability, and it looked familiar, as though it happened long ago.
Mrs. Lambert, 64, retired as a senior vice president of International Thomson Publishing, the parent of Peterson's Guides, the educational and database publisher, in Princeton, of which she is a founder.
Her position also created an awkward situation for Mr. Bloomberg and many other leaders who have run on her party's line, including Senator Charles E. Schumer, Gov.
Mr. Dorgan objects to the Chinese move on fair-trade grounds.
(Bloomberg News) Carlyle Group Buys Child Car Seat Unit of Britax The Carlyle Group, a Washington-based buyout firm, agreed to buy a unit of Britax International that makes car seats for children for £230 million ($425 million).
Internet dating can be cruel, as this five-part documentary series sets out to show.
Mr. Psaltis describes management's insistence on paying line cooks by the hour as "absurd."
Most of those accounts, as well as dozens of employees, left to join an agency opened by the Saatchis, M&C Saatchi.
I prolong the dancer's career by working the body correctly.
SBC's agreed-upon price for AT&T, $16 billion, is about 3.9 times AT&T's earnings before including taxes, amortization and depreciation, according to UBS.
As part of the continuing investigation, the company has brought two more issues to the attention of regulators.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS--Released DB Ike Charlton.
Campbell Soup, she said, is looking at cutting sodium levels by a third with the salt flavoring.
"If the spouse does not know what has been going on, it's not good to find out about it in the newspapers."
We all got through it intact.
"And then it just turned to complete anger on my part.
"It's almost good that he may be going back under these circumstances, because he'll have less pressure on himself, knowing that, 'Well, I'm coming off of an injury."'
While New Jersey legislators have talked about moving the primary up for years, Mr. Codey declared that it was a top priority in his State of the State address in January.
Bargain Hunters Bolster Stocks Stocks managed modest gains as investors saw a series of acquisitions as a chance to pick up bargains.
FOR Lisa Hart, a work-at-home mother of two in Oviedo, Fla., the realization that she was in danger of losing her grip on summer came last Monday, while driving her 5-year-old son, Ryan, to day camp.
Perfect father-inlaw to Ted and Gregg.
Aides could not recall this past week what it was, but one person did say the current president joked at the time that Mr. Clinton's biography, "My Life," was so long that he would have to read one half and his father the other.
Two women sit on chairs in a corner.
He's got a secret weapons cabinet worthy of Tony Montana, and his flat is very 80's, but in a good way.
A stuffed dummy in a blond wig?
That championship and that particular phrase combine for my favorite sports moment, and I thank Durso, who died Dec. 31, for helping capture the feeling perfectly.
Kevin M. Ryan, the state's child advocate, said one mentally ill young person has been in a North Jersey detention center since August waiting for an appropriate place.
"Alcatraz," which features the sounds of clumping feet and slamming cell doors, is a joint effort with a friend, the photographer Jim Bengston, who contributes an evocative slide show of the abandoned prison.
At the Oval Office meeting, the president also expressed support for Mr. Chertoff, said an aide, who paraphrased Mr. Bush as saying, "I will support you in whatever decision you make."
Paul Kalleberg, the deputy chief of the prosecutor's office in Morris County, New Jersey, confirmed yesterday that Mr. Worrell was now "potentially a prime suspect" in two unsolved 1993 sexual assault cases there.
Her picture has never appeared in Penthouse magazine, nor has she made an appearance on Celebrity Boxing, as the skater Tonya Harding has done.
But business would not really pick up until 2:30 or 3 p.m., when visiting hours at the prisons wound to a close, and dozens of mothers and wives spilled out into the sunshine, looking for a taxi to begin the long trip home.
"Givenchy's Amarige is a gorgeous perfume," Roberts says.
Before the second anniversary of 9/11, Richard Danzig, a former Navy secretary, said he considered writing a newspaper opinion piece mulling the inaction of Al Qaeda in the United States.
He completed an 11-yard screen pass to Leonard, who muscled past linebacker Derron Thomas to score.
The government's primary argument in the case was that the president's inherent authority as commander in chief obviated the need for any authorization by Congress.
She checked him into a boarding house just off the Venice boardwalk, replaced his Nikes with Vans and attached him to Mr. Alva for two and a half months.
"We anticipate that it may be necessary to increase the reserve for this litigation," Morgan Stanley said in regulatory filings on Thursday.
The granddaughter, who lived with Ms. Perkins, Ms. Jeffries said, stayed elsewhere the night before Ms. Perkins's death.
4 Boland Drive, West Orange.
A central element of the city's new contract with its sanitation workers is the planned use of one-person crews on some of its trucks.
"Gang activity is becoming a huge problem," he said.
Repelled by what he saw as a neo-Marxist power grab, he left Tubingen in 1969 for the more conservative university at Regensburg in Bavaria.
If not, Will Eno has just invented it.
Village women are the least powerful people on earth.
(Johnson) * JULIA OSCHATZ: 'PARALYZED PARADISE III' A talented artist who is rare for being simultaneously German and female paints, dances and hikes (in video) her way through an impressive multimedia debut in a slyly personalized version of Northern Romanticism.
As a general rule, he added, attic insulation pays for itself in two to four years.
At each station, he bent over and put his forehead against everything I showed him.
In 1985 they began financing a major archaeological excavation in Israel that continues today.
I was the one in the blue bathrobe and slippers, darting out the front of my building onto the busy sidewalk to pick up my newspaper before trudging back up the stairs for a bleary-eyed cup of tea and a bowl of cereal.
John M. Logsdon, director of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University and a member of the commission that investigated the loss of the Columbia, said further delays in the shuttle program would raise additional questions about the future of the International Space Station, which has essentially orbited in limbo since the loss of the Columbia.
He felt he'd be safe there -- he had no idea."
So, assuming the average savings, stocks and other financial investments of middle-class families with assets, as reported by the Federal Reserve Board, all families in the analysis ended up owing more money before qualifying for financial aid, regardless of where they lived.
Sharleen Reshard, co-president of the Hempstead Parents and Community United, said she is happy that the state has not taken full control in her district.
According to several reports, yesterday's disagreement occurred during a team meeting, and it was speculated that Reid was upset over the way Owens was handling the injury.
In the fourth quarter of 2000, G.M.
So with the system's P.D.A.-size electronic controller hanging from a lanyard around my neck, the helmet strapped under my chin and the sensation of wetness growing on top of my head and behind my ears, I was ready to jump into a street race in Burnout 2 on the slimline PS2 and small screen set up on the crumb-strewn table.
The California law, which went into effect in July 2003, requires state government agencies as well as companies and nonprofit organizations -- regardless of where in the country they do business -- to notify California customers if the personal information maintained in their data files has been compromised.
"We just want to be unified," he said.
A list of recent cases, sent by Gibson, Dunn to its clients, in which the Justice Department took action for various violations of the antibribery law, includes Monsanto, the St. Louis agribusiness conglomerate; ABB, the Swiss engineering company; Schering-Plough, the Kenilworth, N.J., pharmaceutical giant; and InVision Technologies of Newark, Calif., a supplier of bomb-detection systems for airports that was acquired by General Electric late last year.
For some Sunnis, fundamentalist Islam encompasses a virulent hatred of Shiites as apostates and heretics.
There was always a concern about whether alcohol affected sperm.
In a separate report, the Labor Department reported Thursday that the underlying rate of inflation was surprisingly mild in August.
Maybe this is just optimism on helium, but perhaps the new faces can improve the quality of life for the underprivileged, underrepresented fighters by pumping attention and additional health resources into the sport -- particularly at the amateur level.
"Every time the summer rolls around, everybody starts sighing and says, 'Oh, no, here we go again,"' said Carol Fox, a Reuters executive who lives near the park and has watched hundreds of people congregate there on holiday weekends like July Fourth.
Republican strategists consider the nominees -- two women, one of whom is black -- favorable choices for a filibuster fight.
A week ago, it seemed that they would not only make it, but that they were also steaming toward the seventh seeding.
For these achievements Mr. Bolton deserves the principal credit, as well as a less emotional, more rational consideration by "liberals and progressives" (among whom I include myself) of his qualifications for the United Nations ambassadorship.
Clostridia bacteria, the family of C. tetani, can be found in soil, dust, feces and on the skin.
Last week, Whitney's share price fell 12 percent.
Verve, the jazz record label, had a good run with the jazz singer and pianist Shirley Horn.
"Fre-ed, you still need to choose a Medicare drug plan," Ethel nags, in one of the spots.
k. What are symptoms of an “evolving” mole?
"We need to eliminate pitching injuries," Marshall said.
"That is so lame," said Jasmin Williams, a promotions manager at The Post, who organized the event.
The American military said a soldier died on Tuesday of wounds from a land mine explosion in the capital the previous day.
Really, some of these obscure singer-songwriters are so desperate for publicity.
Mr. Grassley, who has used his committee's wide powers to investigate the F.D.A.
The Americanization of Emily Wedged between "Mary Poppins" and "The Sound of Music" in Julie Andrews's filmography, Arthur Hiller's "Americanization of Emily" (1964) is a risk-taking black comedy about Anglo-American relations during the waning days of World War II.
"We believe that substantial amounts of time spent on investor relations activities such as road shows and investor conferences distract and detract from accomplishing our fundamental objective of creating value for all our owners," Mr. Lampert said in the letter.
The court also held that the procedure being outlawed was so vaguely defined that it could be viewed as applying to other, more common abortion procedures -- and thus amounted to an undue burden on women.
Residents at 505 Court Street said they were offered 5 percent discounts in the May 2004 red herring.
From the mid-1970's on, his work graced the walls of galleries and corporate offices around the country and was disseminated even more widely on posters, notecards and calendars.
The United Nations said a primary focus of Ms. Arbour's visit was to press China to make changes to its legal system and to ratify the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Like other critics, Dr. Hansen called for testing all animals over 20 months old, and for bans on feeding poultry litter that has spilled cattle meal in it back to cattle, giving calves "milk replacer" made from cattle blood and letting cows eat dried restaurant "plate waste."
Chief among his other paintings is "Untitled (evasion 1)," whose slick, hard-edge pinwheels and architectural forms in brilliant colors seem abstractly to evoke the seductive lure of luxury living.
Samsung, South Korea's largest company, employs 50,000 workers in 29 factories in China.
A Kurdish member of the committee, Mahmoud Othman, also acknowledged the American pressures and said there had been constant meetings involving Mr. Khalilzad and many Iraqi officials, including the president, the speaker of the National Assembly and the president of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Johanna Fana, 35, from Sunset Park, attributed her luck of the past year -- her wedding, her purchase of a house -- to her immersion a year ago at Coney Island.
Portions of the report were heavily edited.
The stars of the RM auction won't be American muscle cars or newly hot resto-mods, which are essentially extreme makeovers of old cars with modern engines and conveniences.
What is strange is how much this exclusion matters to the many individuals involved, many of whom do not wish to walk away in bitterness.
Having narrowly averted bankruptcy, HealthSouth is now struggling to straighten out its affairs.
Orlando, plagued by injuries and upheaval, is the most likely to plummet.
A hasty execution would shortchange Mr. Hussein's victims and diminish the benefits of justice.
They fill an ever-narrowing gap in modern communication tools, combining the immediacy of a phone call with the convenience of an answering machine message and the premeditation of e-mail.
The N.B.A., like the N.F.L., is a talent-driven league: the great player out of high school or college is drafted and goes right to the big league -- no filter, no adjustment period.
That is about one-sixth of G.M.
"The bridge would have to be deemed unsafe for us to close it," said Erin Phalon, a spokeswoman for the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
Gunter, who never married, left no immediate survivors.
And first she's going to have to land the double.
Jimmy would never do that."
"The girls want to protect themselves."
THIS is Park Avenue, the thoroughfare with the famous straight-arrow view of the Helmsley Building, in Midtown.
"I'm not afraid for Justine, because she's grown up playing against these girls, but I'm afraid for girls of her size in the future," Rodriguez said.
The two governments agreed to work toward making it easier for Saudi students and military officers to study and train in the United States.
Toni and James Goodale with Tim, Ashley, Clayton, Erin, C.J.
In order for me to beat this guy, I have to respect him.
"Do you want that file opened now?"
(Scott) * 'À TOUTE DE SUITE' (not rated, 96 minutes; in French).
During their stay, the commission members will look at Madrid's plans focusing on budget, security and environmental issues and visit prospective Olympic sites.
In November 2001, Dr. Kent Johnson, an F.D.A.
Verizon hopes to close the deal by the end of the year, assuming it acquires the needed approvals from regulators.
He then closed on a $4.5 million line of credit from Hudson Valley Bank in Yonkers, also secured by the property, claiming he needed the money to demolish the existing house and build a new one.
Mr. Weisberg's subjects already know they won't succeed.
A 50-year veteran of the advertising industry, he was executive vice president and chief operating officer of The Rodd Group.
"I told them on Thursday last week when they were so worried about not knowing something, not wanting to wait for six to eight weeks, I told them that I was prepared to coach, that I would be there on Oct. 3," Brown said.
"You couldn't do anything inside the government, because everyone was able to checkmate everyone else."
"I'm going to feel relieved that the pressure of daily business will be off me," said Milton Prosnitz, who said he hopes to spend more time in the gym and maybe go on vacation.
Mark Smith, spokesman for the Louisiana Office of Homeland Security and Emergency, said that if the hurricane shifted closer to New Orleans, devastating flooding could follow.
The men watching him oozed compliments.
Meanwhile, Clinton and John McCain have become the Senate's version of Bill and Ted, jetting off together for a week at a time to such exotic destinations as Iraq and the Yukon (where they were joined by two other G.O.P.
Ms. Stefani was part of a more authentic fashion spectacle taking place at Morton's away from the red carpet, featuring celebrities who had dressed themselves without benefit of design-house enablers.
Her voice became intermingled with his, and finally lost altogether.
This was not only a matter of social position and ethnicity.
Regardless of the outcome, it could be a historic moment in the evolution of the new-millennium Knicks.
This could include "chores parents would consider paying outsiders to do, such as washing the car or painting a fence."
Of the total cost of $218 million, about $121 million came in private donations.
There's Tony Tools, who parks his truck on the side.
Beloved mother of Mazie, Howard & Edward and devoted grandmother of Dune, Yarrow & Christopher.
An official in the ministry's intelligence unit, who identified himself as Brigadier Safaa, said on Sunday that the claims office was always open to visitors.
The "Grosse Fuge," originally part of a string quartet, had been badly treated by a baffled public, and he was evidently eager to see it live on in a form in which music lovers could play it on their pianos at home.
But Mr. Hirschhorn's example of rigor, openness, pragmatism and joyfulness is as useful as it is inspirational -- in both art and life.
Her work required precise observations of corn-cell chromosomes under a microscope, and her technique was as meticulous then as it is legendary now.
"Look at Washington: They were so dominant two weeks ago and then they struggled last week," Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme said after practice Wednesday.
Keeping plants in Germany imposes a heavy burden.
As Mr. Rader, wearing a tie, blue sport coat and well-groomed beard, walked from the courtroom after the arraignment, Danny Otero, whose parents and two siblings were the first victims, shouted, "Don't worry, you won't last that long."
Mercy the pig (a k a porcine wonder) just wants to be part of the family.
In the summer of 1989, about two and a half weeks after she was able to walk on her own again, Ms. Meili said she went on a short jog with a local chapter of the Achilles Track Club, an organization founded in 1983 that encourages people with disabilities to participate in athletics, particularly long-distance running.
"It just says that there needs to be in the curriculum an opportunity to talk about compassion," Mr. Fisher said.
It more nearly resembles sauvignons from the Loire Valley in France than densely grassy New Zealand versions.
Yesterday, the shares rose 4.6 percent, to $53.30.
Lots of people are saying things like that these days.
Tiffany Capone, 32, a hairstylist from Olney, Md., easily found a "best friend and lover" card for her husband.
That is not quite true: Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the country's most powerful Shiite leader, has not endorsed any slate of candidates.
When President Reagan nominated her to be the first woman on the court, Justice O'Connor was a midlevel state court judge, but a shrewdly political one.
Power use varies based on the needs of the processor, monitor and other parts of your computer system.
Saad Hariri, a self-described political neophyte, and his family visited polling places throughout the city to drum up support.
In the middle of her own anxiety attack, she noticed a teenage boy who seemed even more panicked than she was.
Last November, MBIA disclosed that it had received subpoenas from both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York attorney general's office related to nontraditional reinsurance contracts, also known as finite insurance.
During the flyby, the moon's gravity caused the spacecraft to speed up very slightly, which in turn caused a slight Doppler shift in the spacecraft's radio signals as received on Earth.
According to the Kelsey Group, a media consulting firm, the portion of Internet searches that include local elements like "dry cleaners and Greenwich Village" or "art galleries in Easton" has doubled in the last year to 20 percent.
The man with stomach cancer who was told that his company would "stand behind you 100 percent," then let him go within six months.
Mr. Codey said he was particularly concerned about the Delaware River, where, weather service officials said, the water had reached the highest level since a 1955 flood.
"Some say, 'I'm not even gay.
"We're aligning ourselves with who our competitors will be: other low-cost carriers like Southwest, JetBlue and Frontier," Mr. Gee said.
Actually, it has been completely destroyed.
It wasn't clear what the squirmy moment had to do with Michael Jackson and whether he molested anyone, but it conveyed the promise and sorrow of American fame -- and that's what E!
The hamstring injury last November was the low point, O'Brien said.
Rock music, even of the indie persuasion, tends to avoid science.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 7 - There was sunshine and fog and then sunshine again, a day of choosing between sweater vests and turtlenecks, between a bold drive and a safe iron.
Then we turned onto Shankill Road.
"The early opportunities don't make sense for us," William H. Gerstenmaier, NASA's newly appointed head of space operations, said as he referred to possible launching periods in September, November and January.
Old Original Bookbinder's, the historic Philadelphia seafood restaurant at 125 Walnut Street (215-925-7027) that Samuel Bookbinder opened in 1865, has been resuscitated after having been closed for three years.
"It might not be that the person is not trustworthy.
Sometimes my now-empty nest feels too big and too empty.
Some patients end up feeling forced into spinal fusion surgery, however reluctant they may be.
It is too soon to tell if anyone will be able to create programming that can hold listeners' interest after the departure of Mr. Stern, whose contract with Infinity runs through December.
And compared with some older immune-suppressing drugs, they appear safer, because they are precisely aimed at central elements of the inflammation process.
In 1995, the Yankees made an impressive run before losing to the Seattle Mariners in a thrilling five-game series.
At the core of the attack on the Freedom Center is the assumption that any debate or dissent near ground zero will dishonor the dead.
Segue Man beside her, JOYCE WADLER cannot bear to continue the column.
is not so much the familiar one between unsentimental realists and Wilsonian idealists as between doctrinal absolutists and empiricists.
I feel New York is entering a creative period again."
to accept responsibility for cleaning up the environmental mess created by its factories on the Hudson.
His face was shiny with burn salve, his lips were puffy and blistery and both eyes were swollen shut like a pummeled boxer's.
"The goal is to give valuable information clearly that can help save lives," Mr. Ostro said.
Sir Simon does indeed have an affinity for the mystical maximalism of the Eighth Symphony, to judge from an advance copy.
Governors increasingly used expert panels to make selections based on merit, with those choices later facing retention elections.
The car drives off, leaving us in nighttime silence, rather pleased with a low-tech response to a low-tech offense.
"It's never happened in a tennis match," Davenport said, like an old pro.
Mr. Gani's notification came at the end of May, three days after his parents got to New York.
Typically, she sat for paintings and drawings, rather than sculpture, starting at 9 p.m., after Annette had finished posing for the day, and continuing till midnight.
But beyond these piecemeal and often vague criteria -- contiguity, after all, can accommodate serpentine shapes -- legislators are free to create the maps as they see fit.
One of Mr. Aslan's most important chapters deals with the centuries-long struggle between traditionalists and rationalists over the proper interpretation of the Koran.
When it comes to dishing out brittle dialogue in a drawing room, Kate Burton talks the talk better than any American actress of her generation.
We think of you in good times and bad, with laughter and tears, and hope you have found a great jazz club to sing in until the wee hours, with a teriffic piano player and all your pals around you.
He is the son of Marilyn and John Hall of Greenville, S.C. His mother retired as an assistant principal at Southside High School there.
"So many disappointed people that have been here 30, 40 years," Mr. Stephens continued, almost to himself.
A dinner for 700 guests followed in a tent.
His family declined to comment yesterday.
CAFÉ SABARSKY ** [Rating: Two Stars] (212) 288-0665; 1048 Fifth Avenue (86th Street); $$; Review: 4/10/02.
While some shoppers at Seiyu's model store in Niiza were impressed by the wider aisles and lower prices, a few expressed disappointment that the changes were not more extensive.
It was late Tuesday, not Wednesday.
Her first marriage ended in divorce.
Piano first drafted plans for the Whitney's two entrances, Mr. Weinberg said, he drew an apple and a pear side by side, with a space between them.
Anatoly Lebedev, a Vladivostok environmentalist leading the opposition campaign, said: "It is obviously a crazy idea to kill all the recreational industry in the district, which offers generally cheap and accessible recreation on the sea coast for millions of Far Easterners and Siberians."
The presentation and variety of cheeses leave much to be desired.
But, when we're honest, it's used against us."
Williams Gallery, 6 Olden Lane.
595 pp.++ Henry Holt & Company.
The most compelling thing about Clemens is that he managed to become almost sympathetic as he rumbled past 40.
"My philosophy last year was: he's a new coach; let's try it his way and see how it works," Strahan said.
The College Football Association, which Notre Dame and 60-odd other colleges formed, became the main college television kingmaker.
Without an author photo of a teenage Sittenfeld posed on the quad of an elite East Coast boarding school, we can't know.
12 8 5 CONSPIRACY OF FOOLS, by Kurt Eichenwald.
Judge Alito, who was first named to the appeals court in Newark by President Bush's father, achieved acclaim for his stint in New Jersey as United States attorney, the state's chief federal prosecutor, during which he successfully prosecuted mobsters and white-collar criminals.
For their collaborations, Mr. Mazumdar, Mr. Mohan and Mr. Hope sat on a platform and exchanged melodies that mirrored or anticipated the sitar lines in Mr. Mazumdar's "Homage to Ravi Shankar" and "Homage to Yehudi Menuhin."
The state is designing an $8 million road-improvement project at the top of Avon Mountain, one that would widen the shoulders, smooth out the angles, add turn lanes and a narrow median, and create four continuous lanes, eliminating the spot where two westbound lanes merge into one, said Kevin Nursick, a spokesman for the Transportation Department.
An invasion of a country almost three times as populous as Iraq is well beyond the means of America's depleted ground forces.
I didn't see any panic in him at all."
Unlike some of his predecessors, Mr. Bloomberg does not have a clearly articulated foreign policy.
FINDING YOUR OASIS GETTING THERE -- From Los Angeles, travel 95 miles east on Interstate 10 to the junction with Highway 62.
"The commission will be obliged to take formal steps to ensure full compliance," Mr. Todd said.
But Mr. Martínez -- who comes from the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico and hiked for two days through the desert to enter the United States near Tecate, some 20 miles east of Tijuana -- contributes more than most Americans to the solvency of the nation's public retirement system.
"We talked about it on the way over to Police Plaza," said Edward Skyler, Mr. Bloomberg's communications director.
The thought of it actually gave him a mild sense of satisfaction.
Most prescription drug plans will deviate from the standard minimum benefit defined by Congress.
Other mix-ins included ska horns from Monty, grunge guitars for Yesterday's Rising and Saosin, and whiplash stops and starts from A Thorn for Every Heart.
Depending on meat, dish could be done in as little as 30 minutes more, or three times as long.
Its analysts called on the authority to adjust its budgets to account for fire-related expenses "not covered by the authority's insurance."
"Equilibrium," Mr. Soderbergh's contribution, is decidedly cooler, though it shares cinematic luxuriance with "The Hand."
"We have no reason to rule anything out and are continuing to investigate," Mr. Montalto said.
At stake in this battle was leadership in Internet advertising, which is a growing threat to other media companies.
But these wines provoked considerable head-scratching.
Here are some excerpts from a recent conversation with her: Q.
To the Editor: Regarding the state of education in the United States, Bob Herbert writes, "I respectfully suggest that we may be looking at a crisis here" ("Left Behind, Way Behind," column, Aug. 29).
Without an explanation of the appeals court decision, it was not clear how Thursday's ruling would affect the Montana proceeding.
Other impressive appetizers were the creamy and delicious rock shrimp and corn tamale; the light empanadas filled with spicy barbecued pork and served with a tangy papaya chimichurri sauce; and a Mexican chopped salad full of grilled corn, avocado, tomatoes, papaya, tasso ham, manzanilla olives and pinto beans in a toasted cumin vinaigrette.
Heat oven to 450 degrees.
"The last pitch is the best pitch he had to hit," Flaherty said.
The Family Research Council, a Christian conservative advocacy group, has organized an April 24 telecast, "Justice Sunday," which includes prominent conservative Christians speaking by simulcast to churches, Web sites and Christian broadcast networks.
In the three years before the Lee investment, Refco reported profits that rose sharply each year, adding up to $420 million.
"Later in the game, he was just popping it."
It is hard enough to answer the first two questions, but harder still when the nation's elected leaders are silent about the last."
These symptoms are considered worrisome if they become chronic; they can appear months or even years after the crisis.
He said there are now 31 leases.
"He could make mistakes at Triple A and still get out of an inning because he has good stuff," Bavasi said.
Do you have any involvement in any of this?"
But among the 30,000 Bosnian Muslims who gathered here today, relatives of the dead and others dismissed the promises as empty.
"If it was only 75 percent," Professor Van Horn said, "they would want improvements."
This community, in the southern part of New Mexico, has been at the crossroads of this history as far back as the 1500's, and people around here like to pepper their folklore with "if these walls could talk " The walls that would have the most to say are undoubtedly made of adobe, which has been used to build houses in the Southwest for more than three centuries.
Mr. Meitzler began his own company, Manhattan Rickshaw, shortly thereafter.
I expect they, too, will return, and that life in New Orleans will go on, with all its precariousness and sense of fragility and, yes, with all its relish for the moment.
In four years, the district's tax levy rose by half, from $46 million in 2000 to $69 million in 2004.
Friday at 8 p.m. Free.
Coach Mike Tice probably needs another playoff year to keep his job, and the team is motivated to prove it is better off without Moss.
Mr. Taleb is a complicated man with a sizable ego and a mode of thinking that is anything but linear.
But there may be a much easier way to prevent document forgery or similar kinds of fraud.
And right now, while the Ying Yang Twins are hissing their way up the Billboard charts with a sotto voce sex rap called "Wait (the Whisper Song)," the Black Eyed Peas have a much more wholesome hip-hop hit, holding steady at No.
This gets a laugh from the young audience at the New Victory Theater.
Old Course Takes Its Toll Although the weather has been mostly calm at the Old Course at St. Andrews, not everyone has tamed the storied links.
Lobster pasta, a special one night, sounded normal but suffered from an intemperate addition of what seemed to be mostly vanilla; Mr. Walter says it was a mélange of toasted mace, star anise, cinnamon, vanilla bean, coriander, cloves and red pepper.
You seem to be suggesting that the British government has similarly overstepped its boundaries in both Northern Ireland and Iraq.
Their love and support enabled her to continue creating and exhibiting her art through her 2002 retrospective at the Century Association.
"When Strom Thurmond ran for president, Mississippians voted for him.
In the 1980's, however, the launch of the Groucho Club in Soho and a host of short-lived copycats changed the face of London's night life.
Mr. Marri, who American officials say pledged allegiance to Al Qaeda and attended a terrorist training camp, is one of only two people apprehended in the United States after the Sept. 11 attacks and declared enemy combatants by President Bush.
Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $5; children under 12, free.
The boy's quest for blue is arduous, but it reveals all the symbolic, aesthetic and emotional nuances of this most uncommon of common colors.
The craft emerged undamaged after passing within 310 miles of the comet while ducking behind a set of shields to protect it from dust and other particles streaming from the comet.
It would have been difficult to predict that dripping paint on a canvas would conclude with someone squirting paint from his anus or worse.
And get back to basics.
But if it's the Super Bowl in exchange for $600 million in public expenditure, maybe it's better to give six million New Yorkers a tax refund."
A man who died in police custody last month soon after officers shocked him with a Taser stun gun died of a cocaine overdose, not from the shock, the city medical examiner said yesterday.
In his carefully worded speech, Mr. Berlusconi sought to strike that balance.
Riva D. Atlas OPENERS: SUITS
It used to be that nothing could top "It Happened One Christmas," a 1977 remake of Frank Capra's "It's a Wonderful Life," with Marlo Thomas in Jimmy Stewart's role.
Her income consists of less than $1,100 a month in Social Security, public assistance and food stamps, and her rent is $842.
Although Mr. Bollinger did not comment last night on what the report is likely to say, he said it was "simply preposterous to characterize Columbia as anti-Semitic or as having a hostile climate for Jewish students and faculty."
Scott's critique of "Sideways" makes me think he must be a merlot drinker.
What aspects do you remember most vividly?” Allow students a few minutes to write, and then have them share their responses with the class.
Mr. Loyd of the Agriculture Department replied that surveillance testing assumed a few animals would be positive, and that his department had nearly doubled its own goal of testing 220,000 cases in a year.
The railroad also added a 1:12 train to New Haven and a 1:15 to Stamford.
Before assuming leadership of the electricity monopoly, he twice was deputy foreign minister under former President Boris N. Yeltsin, and was the principal architect of Russia's privatization process in the 1990's, during which the country's most prized assets -- oil, diamonds, factories and other lucrative property -- were sold in rigged auctions for pennies on the dollar.
Unlike Clear Skies, it would preserve existing regulatory levers -- building on current law instead of decimating it.
The attack capped an extremely bloody day across the country, in which at least 44 Iraqis, including a Shiite cleric, were killed.
LOWENSTEIN -- Katherine (nee Goldsmith) on March 10, 2005 at her home in New York City at the age of 103.
"We had known about this painting for a long time and had hoped it would come to the National Trust," Kykuit's curator, Cynthia Altman, said.
If he refuses, Syria could be hit with economic sanctions.
Perhaps it is how Coughlin wants it, too, giving his team little choice but to don the blinders he wears.
Among Palestinians themselves, there is a sense that the fawda, or chaos, is only increasing, and they see signs that the long-simmering conflict between Fatah and Islamist movements like Hamas will break out into a fitna, or civil war.
"At that moment, communications broke off," he said.
"It starts out hectic, but it doesn't take long to settle in."
We don't talk about who our customers are, but they include very large multinational companies, very large Fortune 500 companies, as well as aggressive start-up companies in the San Francisco Bay Area.
What are marshballs and why is Dr. Shea Penland alarmed by the sight of them?
Jan. 24 CARNEGIE HALL Sibelius's Symphony No.5; Sallinen's Symphony No.8; Grieg's Piano Concerto in A minor; Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra; Lars Vogt, pianist; Paavo Jarvi, conductor.
to public attention with her book "The Boy Who Couldn't Stop Washing," that bet would be on the side of those who believe in Pandas.
We observed that he had a pretty good life.
The case is the latest conflict in years of legal attacks by the music industry against file-sharing systems like Grokster and Kazaa and their users.
"This is an affront to me personally," an angry Mr. Frist said.
China, they added, has been paying high prices to buy oil and gas assets worldwide for the last few years.
The New York County Lawyers' Association mourns the passing of our beloved member.
The author, suffering from chronic depression, heads off to cover the war in Sarajevo carrying a year's supply of the antidepressant drug Zoloft stuffed into a tube sock.
"It's not going to change."
METS--Purchased the contracts of RHP Brian Bannister and RHP Yusmeiro Petit from Norfolk of the IL, RHP Anderson Garcia from Binghamton of the EL and RHP Henry Owens from St. Lucie of the FSL.
Slip rental is $425 a month.
I had had two exfoliations recently, so I asked Martha Herrera, my body therapist, to skip that part.
Delta, Northwest and AirTran Airlines plan to begin operating limited schedules on Tuesday, he said.
Would-be donors were advised by mail that "the mayor does not accept monetary contributions for his campaign."
Still, he said word of his program might be spreading.
Rolling Green may be a work in progress, but it is already an enjoyable experience on a late summer evening to sit out on the porch, sip a glass of chilled sauvignon blanc and watch the golf carts roll by.
Daniel L. Doctoroff, the deputy mayor for economic development, says the combined stadium and convention center is unusual and that the city itself is unique, an argument that, in a sense, is self-fulfilling.
The bride is the stepdaughter of Marion Grimm-Holland.
UNION SQUARE CAFE *** [Rating: Three Stars] (212) 243-4020; 21 East 16th Street (Union Square West); $$$; Review: 9/1/99.
She also said that he owed his life to his victims' families, most of whom agreed to the plea deal.
What most of the world wants from Mr. Bush is for American power to be wielded with greater subtlety.
His many charitable pursuits led to his selection as Man of the Year by The National Conference for Furtherance of Jewish Education, and by The Institute of Jewish Humanities.
Moonves told this story with evident conviction.
May said before the game that Rashad McCants had said of Wilkinson: "There's no way he'll be able to guard you.
Franklin had the right idea to try a 1-0 curveball to Blalock, Stottlemyre said, but he wanted it low and away.
"That's when I saw the potential in this time of life."
The House, which has repeatedly passed the measure in earlier sessions, began debating it again on Tuesday and is expected to approve it overwhelmingly on Wednesday.
Mr. Arabo went on to confide that his penchant for designing high-priced, flamboyantly colorful jewelry was inspired by his youthful distaste for the merchandise available back in the Soviet Union.
Asked Thursday if improvement is a need or a want, Coughlin said, "Everybody needs to get better."
Mark Liano, an emergency response coordinator, estimated that about 4,400 gallons of gas spilled, with most of it along the riverbank.
The Globe is owned by The New York Times Company.
For example, Senator Russell D. Feingold had commented earlier in the afternoon that the memorandums the young John G. Roberts Jr. had written as a lawyer in the Reagan administration were "highly ideological" and "sometimes dismissive of the views of others."
"The existing population in nursing homes lived through the Depression," Mr. Angelelli said.
Similar administrative costs in other countries are around a third of this.
("We're out of a lot of things," the waitress said, apologetically.)
"The implications for tourism to the falls, which is one of the primary factors in the local economy, are pretty discouraging," Mr. Sheffer said.
On view through Nov. 15, his five decades of work focus -- in the tradition of Lewis Hine and Jacob Riis -- on the poor and working class in his upstate New York, in Appalachia and in South America.
Around 12:30 p.m. yesterday, officials reopened the closed wing at 1380 Riverside Drive.
Radiochromic dyes have since been used in the disposable medical supplies industry, where radiation is used to sterilize syringes and other products, and in plastics and food packaging, to monitor the dosage received by a product.
Of Boynton Beach, FL, formerly of Bayside, NY.
Google would not pinpoint the number of people signed up for Orkut, but characterized it as "millions."
This explains what might seem a paradox in the German situation: namely that in repudiating Mr. Schröder because they do not like his reform program, the Germans are turning to the conservatives' candidate for chancellor, Angela Merkel, who is likely to enact even tougher reforms than Mr. Schröder did.
Until I saw some Murano chandeliers at Oggi Lighting on the Bowery in colors like aubergine and peach and caught myself flirting, on the design down-low, with these florid, fruity 19th-century confections.
Millions of drivers already have flexible fuel vehicles but might not know it; the manual will say.
In the cold war, America was accepted as the leader of "the free world."
a stylist pronounced backstage on Monday before the Rick Owens show, her head wreathed in a nimbus of American Spirit smoke, blithely disregarding the many no smoking signs.
Proceeds will benefit the New Orleans Metropolitan Convention and Visitors Bureau.
There are some funny moments on "Hot Properties," but few surprises.
11 6 5 700 SUNDAYS, by Billy Crystal.
"It had gotten to the point where I would call up WFAS and say, 'This is Paul Feiner,' and they would hang up before I even got a word in," Mr. Feiner explained, with trademark sincerity.
(Kyle Busch, 20, is a rookie driving for Hendrick Motorsports.)
Not that everything is settled.
Outside, the crowd was singing hymns.
In June, the county's sheltering of sex offenders among its homeless was challenged after the arrest of a convicted rapist in the murder of an office worker in downtown White Plains.
In one small inn, Syd-Ans, rooms that are already well priced at $75 to $125 in winter go for $65 to $95 in the off-season, which usually lasts until mid-December.
The downside of not having a middleman to vet requests for help is that you have to do it yourself.
I was an American citizen, and I had as many rights as anyone else."
"We're very encouraged by what we heard," said John McArdle, a spokesman for Joseph L. Bruno, the New York State Senate majority leader.
FAIR LAWN Ms. Carrie Jackson and the Jazzin' All-Star Quartet.
He quietly cultivated dissatisfied and idealistic lower-level government workers, convincing them that the public's right to information trumped their bosses' personal interests.
Indeed, it's an easy fit in most refrigerators, where the tube can stand upright or rest on its side, its swiveling spigot hanging over the shelf.
9 103 ME TALK PRETTY ONE DAY, by David Sedaris.
But other plaintiffs are not little guys injured in the attack, but big corporations, like Cantor Fitzgerald, whose business was disrupted, and insurance companies that paid initial damages to clients affected by the attack, and are now trying to recover their money.
There is still no hospital here, but the one clinic has received some new equipment and supplies, giving many women here access to birth control for the first time.
There's Kris Kristofferson, but he's a little younger.
Thus far, the Bells have only reluctantly sold Internet phone service, which requires a high-speed Internet connection and an adapter.
According to Charles Maol, who was working on the film, the blond-haired man is the source of a voice that is heard calling: "Hey, that's my brother in there.
Correction Appended BECAUSE all three of the networks' early-evening newscasts, as good as they are, generally follow an hour or so of local news and are fed into households already saturated with news from CNN, Fox or MSNBC (which they didn't use to be), and because the adults the broadcasts are aimed at probably know all they want to know from the all-news radio station they listened to in the car coming home from work, and because their children are more interested in the Internet than they are in television and spend more time playing video games than watching videotape, the networks are thinking of ways to overhaul how they do news.
Tap was in its early stages "a celebration of the female form," she says, reading from "Grandmother's Secrets: The Ancient Rituals and Healing Power of Belly-Dancing," which she describes as her bible.
Wednesday at 7:30 and 9:30 p.m. (DVD at 6:30 p.m.), Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212)539-8778 or (212)239-6200, $20.
In February 2002, unnamed officials told The New York Times that a new Pentagon operation called the Office of Strategic Influence planned "to provide news items, possibly even false ones, to foreign news organizations."
The Turkish foreign minister, Abdullah Gul, who is to lead his country's delegation at the talks on Monday, said Thursday that Turkey would not send its delegation unless it saw the European Union's negotiating positions, the Associated Press reported.
In a statement that showed political tensions between Iraq's Kurdish president, Jalal Talabani, and the religious Shiite prime minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, a spokesman for Mr. Talabani accused the Shiite leadership of monopolizing power and refusing to make decisions on issues important to the Kurds, The Associated Press reported.
A turning point in Armstrong's life came in 1962 when his young daughter died of an inoperable brain tumor.
To the Editor: Without disputing the qualifications of Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr., I have a question: Is there no female lawyer in the entire United States who is an expert in constitutional law, who is distinguished by her experience and who is qualified to sit on the Supreme Court?
Everyone knows what big corporations are doing to radio.
Chrebet, 32, knows well the symptoms that drove Johnson to retire, the irritability and insomnia and memory loss that Johnson said he "just couldn't ignore" anymore.
A1 Fear of election violence is so profound that candidates have relied on a stealth campaign and many are afraid to make their names public, much less go on the stump.
Both "Jackie Mason: Freshly Squeezed" and the little musical across the street deal almost exclusively in comfort comedy.
"I wouldn't wish that upon anybody," second baseman Brian Roberts said.
Mr. Kilgore subsequently made controversial remarks linking illegal immigrants, the MS-13 street gang and Al Qaeda.
The trade center datum, related to one originally used for the Hudson & Manhattan Railroad, the predecessor to PATH, is 297.347 feet below mean sea level.
A six-speed manual transmission comes on all models except the base XE, and a five-speed automatic is optional.
Colors include black, khaki, blue and red, and, for the duffel, a classy mocha plaid.
Of course, for any of this to take place, that magic wand would have to work overtime to eliminate the primary obstacle to establishing any such company: actors' need to earn a real living by procuring as much television and film work as they can.
"I recently stayed at a hotel that provided a pair of amazingly soft slippers with a foot lotion.
"Wear your seat belt" is the family mantra.
In addition to his worldwide concert appearances, Mr. Sandor was a celebrated writer and teacher, whose gifted students represent an enduring legacy.
But my thought has always been that if we have this many resources in the city working cooperatively, then we could correct just about any situation that was out there."
The chemical composition of the rock is highly similar to rock from the 1980's, offering more support for that hypothesis.
Yesterday, Mr. Lauby said he expected the commuting to be a slog.
J. William Littler, a surgeon who developed many techniques for restoring function and sensation to the fingers and wrist, died on Sunday in Providence, R.I.
Iona College, Doorley Auditorium, 715 North Avenue.
Dr. Panzer said the board should not equate someone's seeking permission to build a grill or to make a roofline higher to allowing people to pray.
I don't even know why I was invited tonight.
(Rockwell) DONALD BYRD/SPECTRUM DANCE THEATER (Wednesday and Thursday) Mr. Byrd once again examines the cultural context of classical ballet, particularly through a black modern-dance choreographer's eyes, this time in "The Sleeping Beauty Notebook," danced by the Spectrum Dance Theater of Seattle, which he directs.
Mr. Naqib's statements could not be independently verified, but it seems that any such arrests, while providing some good news before the elections this Sunday, have not lessened the violence aimed at disrupting the voting.
"I want to vote," said Khalidayah Lazem, a 40-year-old Sunni, standing outside her home.
Judge Priest's ruling examined conflicting claims about state charges that Mr. DeLay, Mr. Ellis and Mr. Colyandro conspired to collect $190,000 in corporate contributions for delivery to a group they formed called Texans for a Republican Majority.
Still, the updating, however intriguing, finally proves distracting.
"You know, I was once asked to do some work for Nissan," he said.
Manga sales alone surged to $125 million last year, from $55 million in 2002, and girls and women account for about 60 percent of manga's readership.
Having already watched gasoline rise quickly, then keep on rising, they realize that oil and natural gas could do the same, meaning they could be paying hundreds of dollars more to heat their homes.
BULLS 94, 76ERS 88 -- Othella Harrington scored a season-high 24 points and Ben Gordon had 8 of his 22 in the fourth quarter, leading visiting Chicago.
The letter, signed by Maj. Gen. Dan Harel, the army commander for Gaza, said the evacuation would be carried out with a "sense of comradeship and profound sharing of your pain."
Prepare a chart illustrating your findings.
Such is the disconnect between the country and the war that there is no national outrage when the president awards the Medal of Freedom to the clowns who undermined the troops by bungling intelligence (George Tenet) and Iraqi support (Paul Bremer).
Lakshmi Mittal is the world's third-richest person, behind Bill Gates and Warren E. Buffett, according to Forbes magazine.
Nash never had a freakishly talented undersized center like Amare Stoudemire in Dallas, where Nash holds the team record for playoff assists with 324.
He served the Hospital and the community selflessly.
The rocket caused no damage and no group claimed responsibility for the attack.
It remains hard to design big national programs that will significantly improve student performance.
The funds' strategies, like placing bets that the prices of securities will fall or pushing for executive changes at companies, have spurred calls for stronger controls from politicians including Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany.
I may be forced to return to the legal profession when my children attend college.
and "What does it mean?," James replies, with a shrug, "I wrote it; it came out of me; I had to say it."
Sony said it would invest an additional 27 billion yen to increase production at the plant, which is in the western Japan prefecture of Shiga.
Beloved wife of the late Lester Blickstein, died peacefully November 25, 2005 after a long illness, surrounded by her loving family, at her son's home in Connecticut.
They can learn from each other, if they're smart."
Blacks could not be reached for comment yesterday.
In contrast, there was unanimous praise for both the timbre and stage presence of Mihoko Fujimura's Fricka, the guardian of marriage.
"We know less about this nominee than we knew about John Roberts," said Senator Charles E. Schumer, the New York Democrat who is a member of the Judiciary Committee.
Two of his colleagues are less sympathetic to psychological disorders, but probably not immune to all of them.
"Consequences," which has two screenings today at the Walter Reade Theater, is one of the deeper films in "Open Roads: The New Italian Cinema," the Film Society of Lincoln Center's annual Italian film series, which continues through Thursday.
One, Valettes, is 27 years old.
To further raise productivity at DaimlerChrysler plants, the union abandoned its longstanding opposition to a practice known as modular assembly, where entire sections of the vehicle, like complete doors or suspension systems, are prebuilt by outside parts suppliers.
Sometimes the bolt wouldn't reach all the way through.
What they have in mind are people like Kofi Asare, who labors mightily on his modest farm high in the hills near his village SamSam, carrying his ripe yellow pineapples on his head to get them from the fields to his truck.
He started a lunch with a half-dozen foreign correspondents by making his remarks on the Chinese currency before taking any questions, and noted that he was speaking on the record.
On the witness stand, Mr. Polanksi called the account "all lies."
The world is diminished and its light darkened by his passing.
After he's finished the fourth grade, and St. Hilda's, he reminisces: "Jack Burns would miss those girls, those so-called older women.
coaches visualize getting the ball to Jones in similar open-field situations, and letting his ability create big plays.
Dr. Hughes, turning to the record, set out to see how many of the historical figures cited as epileptics did, in fact, seem to have the disease.
The land was once home to George Brinton McClellan, the governor of New Jersey from 1878 to 1881.
But were it not for the self-portraits and erotic pictures on paper, his name would be forgotten today.
They prefer it if the economy, the market and the courts cooperate.
has lost about $3 billion thus far this year.
5 3 33 THE WORLD IS FLAT, by Thomas L. Friedman.
Climb two ladders and you are inside the organ, looking at rows of pipes made of various proportions of lead and tin, and some of yellow poplar wood.
inspired a raspberry lime rickey sorbet, which had all the zesty flavor and pucker of the beverage it was modeled on.
Besides Mr. Dyer, those cleared were Patti Sharp, Mr. Dyer's campaign manager; Ezzie Thomas, who worked for the Dyer campaign as a get-out-the-vote consultant; and Judge Alan Apte of Orange County Circuit Court, who was charged with illegally paying Mr. Thomas to collect absentee ballots before his own 2002 campaign.
Albany probably will help; Congress probably won't.
And Peter Golder, an associate professor of marketing at the Stern School of Business of New York University, said he thought the campaign was "hiding from the name 'pork,"' which "itself suggests some of pork's attributes have negative associations they should work to address."
"He's got a gay lover?"
Traci (the impossibly perfect Jennifer Coolidge) doesn't read, she says.
Given those realities, commanders have quietly relaxed the rules to allow women to be deployed as turret gunners in Humvees and in a wide array of other assignments that put them in the line of fire.
We asked Ms. Cates if she had had The Talk with her son before the movie.
The major criminal organizations moving the drugs and guns, law enforcement officials say, are outlaw motorcycle gangs, particularly the Hells Angels, who have denied involvement but who law enforcement officials say do everything from growing to smuggling the drugs.
"It's very difficult to say what the potential market size for Mevacor is," said David Risinger, a Merrill Lynch analyst.
"Sometimes women who are so great as friends do have a harder time being mothers," said Francine Douwes Whitney, who is on the board of Wings Worldquest, an organization Mrs. Luce founded with Milbry Polk to support female explorers.
Grandfather of Scott, Isaac, Miriam and Daniel.
He expected that tourism would be mostly back to normal by the summer in Thailand, and within a year in Sri Lanka.
Portfolio management and other operational expenses account for 70 percent, on average, of the fees levied on investors in stock funds, with distribution costs accounting for the rest, half of them under Rule 12b-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to the Investment Company Institute.
Previews begin at the Biltmore Theater on Sept. 22; the official opening date is Oct. 18.
The Miers nomination, more than any other move by the administration in the last five years, has drawn criticism of Mr. Bush by conservative scholars and commentators, though the White House so far appears to have succeeded in limiting the breach with elected Republicans in Congress.
"But anyone who wanted to help, we let them come and paint."
Three years later, in 1928, he put that experience to use when, alerted by a headline -- "Byrd to the South Pole" -- he got himself a spot on the admiral's team.
The play has its problems, but Ms. Jefferies can definitely work a room.
He looks and sounds the most like him, has the juiciest scenes and becomes the John the audience tries to cling to, only to have all those other pesky Johns get in the way.
Like lots of old-fashioned R&B singers, John Legend loves melisma and falsetto, but he also knows his way around a hip-hop beat, and Mr. West gives him a handful of good ones.
", Radiohead's "Paranoid Android" and Kurt Cobain's "Lithium."
Mr. Lopez said, repeating a question.
He added, "Mentor cooperated fully with the F.D.A., and the investigation was closed in 2002 without any further action."
Eben Burr, Prudential Douglas Elliman (646)431-5200; www.elliman.com MAINTENANCE: $375 PROS: Two west-facing windows provide city views.
This is a big mistake.
But these are minor flaws in an admirable record.
The friend did not know he was there when he drove home.
scans, which detect brain activity through changes in oxygen flow, to observe the brains of gamblers or alcoholics, say, or of people when they are afraid or anxious.
An appellate court eventually granted him a stay, keeping him in office and the village in mayoral limbo.
Last week, under pressure from one of its big shareholders, the Coca-Cola Company adopted a new policy requiring that its stockholders approve any future executive severance agreements that amount to at least 2.99 times the recipient's annual salary and bonus.
The report eased some economists' fears of rising inflation.
Mr. O'Brien's talk show has beaten "The Late Late Show" in the ratings for 40 straight quarters.
Guillen said, "At the beginning of this season, if I said that José would be my first starter for the playoffs, you'd think I was crazy."
As he told the judge that he had recently undergone quadruple bypass surgery, Ms. Hilsen shifted in her seat and muttered beneath her breath.
THURSDAY Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District, Houston, $131.1 million of general obligation bonds.
Richard Louv is the author of "Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder."
"Americans live in a car-driven culture where they want to do as much as possible as fast as possible," said Amy Myers Jaffe, the associate director of Rice University's energy program in Houston.
The lodge is small, and you might be shoulder-to-shoulder as you finish your French fries, but crowded together next to a stone fireplace burning massive five-foot-long logs somehow seemed a perfect complement to a day of serene, hassle-free skiing.
Unlike most of the rest of the country, where the image of evangelical Christians is of people who are white and middle class, in New York City, conservative Christian faith has become quite polyglot.
9 P.M. (Great American Country) GRAND OLE OPRY LIVE!
At the time, Ms. Turner said, "she didn't look old enough to be my grandmother."
The Food and Drug Administration monitors advertisements, Dr. Dover noted.
Mike Mussina, the Yankees' player representative, said he was curious about the hearings but was not watching them.
(Interscope), put most troubles behind her.
More details emerged about the helicopter crash that killed two American soldiers late Thursday night outside Baquba, a Sunni Arab city just north of Baghdad.
The number of ships visiting Antarctica, by far the most common way tourists reach it, has grown commensurately, from 16 making landings five years ago to 29 last season, the association reported.
The Knicks shot 15 of 20 from the line in the first half.
He missed, but the 6-foot-4 Gansey wound up with the ball and was fouled by Villanova's Allan Ray on his put-back attempt.
The result is a dizzying array of disconnected points, of proposals and rejections: "Henry runs off with Maria, Mary disgusts Edmund by her overcynical attitude to the scandal, and Edmund, chastened, eventually falls in love with Fanny."
$600,000 to $899,999 Morris Township $600,000 6 Sudberry Drive Number of bedrooms: 4 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Time on the market: 2 months 40-year-old split-level; patio, c/a, recreation room, 2-car attached garage, 0.7-acre wooded lot; taxes $7,710; listed at $599,000 (multiple bids).
DETROIT TIGERS -- Placed RHP Fernando Rodney on the 15-day DL.
8 p.m., Carnegie Hall, (212)247-7800, $18 to $75.
After a dip on Friday, attendance at London tourist attractions like the National Gallery and Madame Tussaud's wax museum soon returned to normal levels.
She said she did not like the way later versions of Brenda Starr looked.
And how he'd heard an inner voice repeating the words "never stop moving, never stop moving."
"We have too many feelings, and we have too many positions," Mr. Axelrod said.
But Mr. Lieberman and his Democratic colleagues were careful not to rule out a filibuster entirely, saying they could not make that decision until the confirmation hearings were under way.
Back on the banks of Lake Tanganyika, however, he was deified by the local tribe as "Bwana Chifunga-Tumbo," or Lord Bellycloth, in memory of his sartorial habits.
The venture was successful; they paid off the loan and soon sold the courier company to concentrate on the bag business.
A self-contained community of 600 people has thrived on the islands since the late 19th century, and it is the place where, in 1914, Babe Ruth hit his first professional home run.
Those vast stretches of New Orleans without access to electrical power represent the magnitude of work the utility must perform before the city can recover.
"That hit was very important.
What would happen then, Mr. Naumann said, is what he called "the constitutional process."
The chances of the Giants and the Jets making football history by building a two-team stadium in the Meadowlands dimmed this week, with the teams at odds over everything from the shape of the stadium to the amount of retail space at the proposed complex.
Mr. Tomlinson has said he is concerned about the cuts and will "make the case" for federal support.
As such, I will stick with the saints.
Since 1993, the average pay for C.E.O.
The movements themselves are a wild mélange of robotic twitchings and staggerings; sensuous hip-swiveling; disjointed torso, arm and hand gestures; and actual tap.
As you descend, so does the Morongo stream, until it has vanished beneath the broadening dry wash. Over the course of half a mile, not just the vegetation but the bird life changes.
A week later, they met for coffee, and Ms. Levine learned that Mr.
Cut it to a few minutes, then move to the first pitch by paring the announcers' preview talk.
"I don't know if I can be as brave."
"This is clearly disturbing to every parent who thinks that when they leave the house they've left their children in good care," Mr. Belfiore said.
If they come around, a decent outcome in Iraq is still possible, and we should stay to help build it.
Dressed in the style of students moonlighting at a Renaissance Fayre, the cast members bounce happily among musical and comic styles to tell the story of Proteus (Oscar Isaac) and Valentine (Norm Lewis), best friends from Verona who seek their fortunes in the big city of Milan.
The confrontation over Mr. Bolton comes in the context of a larger debate in the Senate over the Democrats' use of the filibuster against Mr. Bush's judicial nominees.
Mr. Zawahiri said that Iraq had become "the place for the greatest battle of Islam in this era," but that Mr. Zarqawi's forces should keep in mind that it was only a stepping stone toward a broader victory for militant Islam across the Middle East.
"They don't want to talk about it.
Burglaries were also down, by 15 percent.
I reached the flood water a mile or so from the river.
Let it be said that even when Ms. Rivera reprises numbers she first performed some 50 years ago, like a leering piece sung by French prostitutes from "Seventh Heaven," you don't wince at the ravages of time.
Mark (Kip Pardue), a handsome young drifter passing through the seaside town of Kure Beach, N.C., a turtle spawning ground, identifies with the loggerheads because he was given up for adoption as a baby.
"It has taken on a life that is not entirely reflective of the truth and the facts."
SPORTSSUNDAY Is bin Laden Winning?
Mary Seoung Kwon, a daughter of Nancy and David Kwon of Los Angeles, was married yesterday morning to David Jung-Wei Blanc, a son of June and Roger Blanc of Mount Kisco, N.Y.
He is able to present irreconcilably different sides of the stories told here without hiding where his ultimate sympathies lie.
But as job and wage insecurity have grown, public support for free trade has declined.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
HANDMAN -- Shirley (nee Kraendis).
The partygoers chatted about the way that New York's neighborhoods, and restaurants, had changed since the early days, and they did so on a spot that vividly proved their point: the site of the old Towers Cafeteria, the predecessor of the Odeon and the place where, before the boom times, artists once traded artwork for food.
In its new report, the inspector general's office offered a mixed assessment of the F.B.I.
In my letter to Oslo, I stress that the Giuliani administration's crime policy was unique in two ways.
The unsuccessful Oscar nominees, or the Swedish master's graduates, or the second-from-the-top civil servants, are certainly not poor.
People like that do not ride out the sort of change that the Upper West Side has undergone over the past 20-plus years.
Other Information on the Web: Holiday on the net ( //www.holidays.net/index2.html ) features multimedia displays about holidays from all religious traditions.
Unless, of course, you want to.
Representative Anthony D. Weiner promised last night to forge ahead with a campaign to win a Sept. 27 runoff with Fernando Ferrer, his rival who might have narrowly missed winning the Democratic mayoral primary outright.
It is, of course, true that the numbers show that the constitutional jury trial requirement would lead to additional decision-making by juries in only a minority of cases.
A more visible economic indicator, though, is Beta Stores, the landmark department store in downtown Bishkek, which was gutted by rioters in March.
The Chiefs faded down the stretch that year, losing four of their last eight, including their opening-round playoff game, when they were upset at home by the Colts, 38-31.
Donations in Edith's memory may be made to the Edith I. Spivack Fund for Women in Law and Society at the New York County Lawyers' Association or to Columbia Law School.
He started his business in 1988 after a lawyer friend involved in an intellectual property case asked him what an epitaxial reactor was.
The question reflects our strange desire to quantify disaster.
They pronounced it extremely charming."
To go was to leave Raisa alone with her ailing mother.
The evening begins with cocktails at 6.
"You just have to know inside you that the place can be found."
Harlem Town House $1,990,000 HAMILTON HEIGHTS: 517 West 152nd Street (near Amsterdam Avenue) A 4,000-square-foot, 19th-century semidetached brownstone with five bedrooms, four-and-a-half baths and two decks, and parking along the side of the house.
Irving was born in 1783.
"You could even purée it into a sauce," she said.
Nationwide, public schools are required to take in school-age evacuees under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, which guarantees homeless children equal access to public education.
Foul trouble has also been an issue; it often is for rookies who have not yet earned the respect of referees.
The debate over signing the agreement reflected the fact that the North Koreans drove a tough bargain.
Guidant initially said that it believed that the risk of replacing a Prizm 2 DR might outweigh those posed by the device itself.
The WB has a number of dramas that engagingly use mythic small towns to examine teenage angst and family ties, from the complicity and competition of mothers and daughters in "Gilmore Girls" to the resentments between fathers and sons on "Everwood."
An internship that allows an employer to appreciate a student's talent increases the chance that the organization will sponsor that student for a temporary work visa.
"Fat Actress" is not just about a fat actress, Ms. Alley said.
I also remember thinking, Gee, I wish I had said all those wonderful things.
But other editors say self-publishing can be a plus if an author has sold a healthy number of copies that way.
Mr. Soriano said that about 25 percent of the offices were rented by tenants who either live in the community or employ people who do.
I'm just saying: We've won three games, let's not make a big deal out of it.
Behind the scenes, a shifting group of senators from both parties met to try to hammer out a compromise that eluded the party leaders, and others around the capital huddled in clusters trading rumors about the state of their talks.
Longtime readers of the Book Review may remember that Marilynne Robinson's essays used to appear often in these pages.
"I think the biggest danger Bloomberg has is that they've already told their voters, don't come out.
"But I would rather spend time with my New York family now, which is my friends."
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Verizon said that if MCI spent more than $1.78 billion to settle bankruptcy claims and tax liabilities, Verizon could reduce its purchase price.
To the Editor: I would happily pay $2 a gallon more for gas if it meant that we would not have to continue to send our blood and treasure to the Middle East.
Within seconds, a young man and his wife came splashing into the dock, just a few feet from Mr. Tucci's porch.
Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim used the former star Carmelo Anthony as an example, saying that Syracuse would have been penalized twice under the new system, for not retaining Anthony and for his low academic standing.
"The Master and Margarita" begins with two story lines: the Devil and his retinue show up to make mischief in 1930's Moscow while Matthew the Evangelist attempts to uncover the truth about Pontius Pilate and the Crucifixion of Jesus in Jerusalem in A. D. 33.
Food is delivered from God's Love We Deliver, and her home care workers blend it into a thick purée to be eaten like soup.
He played more than 27 minutes against the Magic and scored 11 points on 5-for-11 shooting.
Both are self-contradictory: they fail precisely where they want to succeed, namely in reconciling religious diversity with unity.
Even worse for the Yankees, they would not be allowed, at that point, to re-sign him until May 15, which would effectively mean he would playing somewhere else next season.
In the gift shop just off the lobby -- where you can buy research-council thermoses and paperweights and the latest titles by Peggy Noonan, Alan Keyes, John Ashcroft and Pat Buchanan -- sits one of Washington's most unusual museum displays.
Hidden from view at 5,000 feet and above in the scores of valleys, forests and caves, the Qaeda fighters not only had the tremendous advantage of the terrain; their redoubts were replete with generators, electricity and heat and copious stocks of provisions.
No one on Stanford paid attention to Barabas, and he scored easily.
Yet with wine, it always bears repeating that every palate is different.
"When I said that I thought he was going to be better than Kevin Garnett, you guys wanted to take my head off," Marbury said Monday.
If Ordóñez's problematic left knee put him on the disabled list for 25 days this season, they could void the rest of the contract.
"For three or four days after the sweat lodge, the inmates are in a good place and rarely get into trouble," said Mr. Allen, whose job also includes pastoral duties like visiting inmates who are sent to isolation for disciplinary reasons.
Rabbi Peter J. Rubinstein is to officiate at the Central Park Boathouse in New York.
After taking the subway to Chelsea and consuming a 40-ounce bottle of Budweiser and several Bud tall boys, Mr. Mehigan let himself into the empty offices of the publisher at 3:30 a.m. and passed out at his desk while hunting for nocturnal entertainment on the Internet.
Yoga lessons will be given on weekends, all with views of the city from the top of the 14-story building.
In the report, Dr. Levine -- who when interviewed described the program at his own school as strong but "absolutely not" ideal -- said he and other experts who worked on the study had focused their efforts on finding education schools capable of producing excellent principals, superintendents and other administrators.
It shows some of the same strains over the use of intelligence that came to divide federal agencies and policy makers before the Iraq invasion.
US Airways, which is based in Arlington, Va., has been operating under bankruptcy protection since last September, its second Chapter 11 bankruptcy in three years.
Expletives and enmity were not the only embarrassments to surface in Microsoft's lawsuit.
The idea was "rejected out of hand" by a superior, the judge noted.
Unified Energy System is the world's largest electricity utility in generating capacity, and Mr. Putin's Kremlin has strengthened its control over the company by putting government representatives on the board.
While Mr. Sokol admires politicians, he insists he is glad he resisted the urge to become one himself.
Explain to students that each group will research their topic in preparation for writing and delivering a two-minute story as part of a class political news commentary show called “What’s Next?” Each group should answer the guiding questions in terms of their assigned issue, using The New York Times newspaper or Web Site ( //www.nytimes.com ) to broadly (and briefly) conduct their research.
Clearly, the present bad state of relations between Russia and Poland has plenty of historical precedents.
One weekend in May, spot checks on trucks were carried out at police roadblocks to stop garbage smugglers in the poorly patrolled area around the border with Northern Ireland.
But he has championed the music of the Polish composer Karol Szymanowski, who died in 1937.
It is as though designers fear the unexpected shading, the perfectly placed seam.
I'd play cards and wear the same pair of jeans until they were so stiff they could get up and strut around the room by themselves.
masterpoints: Bridge Base Online, e-bridge, MSN and Swan Games.
Lafayette - IT'S your funeral.
THE grandstanding heads of the House Government Reform Committee should not hold their breath waiting for Bud Selig and Donald Fehr to accept their invitation to appear before them March 17.
Could such a system have saved New Orleans?
He said drawing down troops hinged on the size and strength of the insurgency, cooperation from Syria and Iran, the ability of the Iraqi security forces and Iraqi public support for the new government.
He looks for genetic connections between separately reared children of the same donor.
As Lady Larken, Zooey Deschanel is no Bernadette Peters, who almost -- but not quite -- stole the 1972 show away from Ms. Burnett.
"Every time I got close, they moved away.
"From the lessons learned in the past, the relief community increasingly appears to be doing a better job of mobilizing itself efficiently," said Ahuma Adodoadji, director of emergency and humanitarian assistance at CARE USA.
"I call upon all members of the S.P.L.M.
Alex is more than a big brother to Raisa, the baby he diapered, fed and rocked when he was 7 or 8.
The limbic system is involved with intuition, hunches and emotion, and the frontal lobe is the part that censors emotions and discourages impulsive behavior, said Mona Lisa Schulz, a neuropsychiatrist in Yarmouth, Me., whose clientele includes people who want to know how to use their intuition more productively.
The police have found the bullet-riddled bodies of a candidate for Parliament, a district chief and three others after an intensive search in southern Afghanistan, Gov.
Ms. Krahn estimated that she spent three to four hours in the car each day driving her children around town.
"Chicken Little," the first fully computer-animated movie produced by Walt Disney, grossed just over $40 million, according to studio estimates compiled by the box office tracking firm Exhibitor Relations.
New homes start at about $500,000, and older ones in the $300,000's.
Meanwhile, Mr. August had fallen in love with "Big Fish," which tells the story of a larger-than-life father through his son's eyes.
"The congressman's schedule indicates that he may have stopped by Signatures that night, among other locations listed on his calendar.
INTERNATIONAL A3-10 2 Sunnis Killed in Baghdad; Worked on Constitution Two Sunni Arabs involved in the drafting of Iraq's constitution were assassinated on a street in Baghdad, delivering a setback to the country's fledgling democratic process.
The French spring collections have produced two distinct and opposing camps: the decorators and the minimalists.
Aside from their weekend routine in Jackson Heights, the Thinkers have staged at least five public protests this year.
He cited, among other things, the expected expansion of the two-year-old School of Professional Studies, whose offerings are intended to include programs developed to the specifications of individual employers and industry groups.
"That's really encouraging," Manager Joe Torre said.
While the earlier film centers on the search for a missing woman, the later film follows a man, played by Jack Nicholson, who has deliberately gone missing, abandoning his wife, child, friends and job.
They spoke on condition of anonymity, saying they were not authorized to speak publicly about matters still under investigation.
It's a taste of everyday food from the Central Valley, and it starts with a 40-year-old wood-burning stove the size of a powerboat, out of which comes the ultimate comfort food, pastel de choclo, a sort of chicken potpie with a thick mashed-corn crust that hovers between corn bread and corn pudding.
The amateur stuffiness was hard to take, but at least it kept the music going.
The British authorities want to prosecute Mr. Issac, also known as Hussain Osman.
The public's taste for malls had dissipated, Mr. Lavernoich said.
But all that made no difference.
Ralston was hiking solo down a canyon when a large boulder broke free, crushed his right hand and pinned him in a narrow crevice.
The grandmother, Samira alBayati, shuffled into the room.
"Last Train From Gun Hill" was more than the title of a John Sturges western film.
p. What might complicate Argentina’s stand, according to the article?
Nor was he expected to be in the mix this year.
Mr. Israel worked with Daniel Marino, Bayou's chief financial officer, at HMR Investors, a hedge fund Mr. Marquez set up after leaving Mr. Soros.
"The ball's bouncing tricky on this court," Williams said later, adding, "So I just overhit a little bit."
It was a setback for the Yankees, who had lost just 3 of their previous 18 games.
Yashin, the Islanders' captain, responded to the criticism by extending his point-scoring streak to seven games, during which he has 5 goals and 6 assists for 11 points.
"I think she's handled herself in a professional manner," he said earlier this month.
The monarchs are gone and we are directly implicated.
"Coben writes about a different New Jersey."
Rider Coach Don Harnum muttered that the 245-pound Mendez was difficult enough to stop inside, never mind when he is hitting 3-pointers.
"During the cold war," he writes, "a macabre topic of discussion among bored graduate students who studied such things was this: If the Soviets could destroy one city with a large nuclear device, which would it be?
The town never responded, and the wall, which ranged from two to six feet high, fell onto his property.
The Shmartaf Toddlers Protection System is an air-filtration hood to be used in case of chemical and biological attack.
The situation prompted the Théâtre du Châtelet to replace the Philharmonique with the Orchestre Lamoureux, Paris's oldest orchestra.
The infant, named Harah, was not badly hurt.
Tranquillity can be found among the lotus flowers in the Dr. Sun Yat-sen Classical Garden, 578 Carrall Street, (604) 662-3207, www.vancouverchinesegarden.com, which was the first full-scale classical garden built outside China when it opened in 1986.
(Watch her clasp her throat when Cosme warns her of vocal strain.)
The international rules have changed, said Lorne W. Craner, a former assistant secretary of state for democracy and human rights and now the head of the International Republican Institute, another of the government-financed organizations dedicated to advancing democracy.
And not only is it remarkably easy to believe what we want to believe.
Mr. Bloomberg also gave $140,000 to New York Republicans to elect more members to the State Assembly and Senate, and $25,000 to the Republican National Committee.
I'm never going to criticize another guy's game plan because he loaded up on Shaquille O'Neal.
Assemblywoman Sandy Galef introduced a bill last week that seeks to achieve pretty much everything described above.
he said, mentioning Rush Limbaugh's battles with prescription drugs and Bill O'Reilly's alleged penchant for using the phone to titillating ends.
Trouper that he was, he wanted to go on, and the audience was saying, 'No, no, go to the hospital!"'
I don't imagine that Lennon, in his short, intensely lived life, ever made it to Newark.
Classmates said he was relatively docile, until provoked, then he could become violent.
Chen proudly calls himself a behavioral economist, a member of a growing subtribe whose research crosses over into psychology, neuroscience and evolutionary biology.
The ambitious Mr. Sancious left because he had signed his own record deal.
There is no guessing how many reed pens van Gogh made while he was in Provence.
In his recent work, Mr. Szarkowski has returned to the backyard, in this case his own farm in upstate New York.
The Palestinian government plans to allocate the land for housing and agriculture, and possibly tourism.
More important, he is using video games to help develop and train a new generation of surgeons who may have unwittingly acquired an aptitude for laparoscopic surgery while wiling away thousands of hours playing Mortal Kombat, BloodRayne and the like.
Hansen, one of five St. John's players selected by major league teams yesterday, was among four players the Arizona Diamondbacks had said they were considering for the first overall pick.
"I collected as a child, and this was the stamp of my dreams," Mr. Hack said after the sale.
Streets in the air, a concept that the Smithsons had been promoting for years, might have gone somewhere if it hadn't invited comparison with streets on the ground.
The Israelis are convinced that Mr. Abbas's gamble with Hamas will prove mistaken, and are urging that he move to disarm the militants before legislative elections still scheduled for July, for fear that Hamas will win more seats than Mr. Abbas's mainstream Fatah movement and take over the Palestinian Authority.
That's the decision they made and I'll have to live with it."
When, at the end of the 1950's, he felt he had met his goal, Oteiza turned to Basque political and social causes.
How do you feel about that?
The children's mother, Irene Laverne Davis, was found unconscious on the floor of her burning hotel room on the second floor when firefighters arrived, Mr. Forrest said.
"The establishment of a free Iraq at the heart of the Middle East will be a crushing defeat to the forces of tyranny and terror, and a watershed event in the global democratic revolution," Mr. Bush said.
BLDG Management mourns the loss of a dear friend and business colleague.
Aides to several candidates said privately that they were torn between concern about Mr. Kerrey's intentions and a desire not to be seen attacking a major figure in the national party.
Mr. Grapentine said that not only had he gone to Lyric several times wearing headphones to check on the Cubs' score, he had also gone to Wrigley wearing headphones to listen to the broadcast of an opera.
"Every 10 minutes," she replied.
Small, referring to bats and balls hitting Wright, said: "I feel for Jaret.
The future for independent filmmakers is in releasing ourselves from the shackles of old-school distribution and from the soon to be outdated notion that all movies must be seen in theaters.
Among other issues, the experts hope to explore whether the abortion pill, called Mifeprex or RU-486, somehow makes patients vulnerable to an infection with Clostridium sordellii, the lethal bacteria.
He gave John Piliouras, his longtime chef de cuisine (the No.
"Getting to the Caribbean is a big deal, especially from the U.K., so this is an instance when you might want a travel agent to coordinate flights, transfers and hotels, "Mr. Rothnie said.
If anything, many expect prices to remain around $60 a barrel or more next year.
"He's built a strong department.
In fact, you can mix and match high-def and standard video on the same tape.
The series is tied, 2-2, with Game 5 Wednesday night in Phoenix.
Sports of The Times E-mail: hjaraton@nytimes.com
After the storm hit the Gulf Coast, shutting down refineries and causing a spike in the price of jet fuel, Mr. Steenland said his airline was faced with the equivalent of paying $100 a barrel for oil, including the cost of refining it into jet fuel.
Vocabulary: powwow, punctuated, crafts, cuisine, venison, artisans, circuit, hitching, reservation, scattered, council, native, bonnets, symbols, status, stereotypes, carnival, champion, trek, traditional, hickory, ash, peppered, deeds, ceremonies, ban, celebratory, spiritual, commercial, mainstream, rodeos Extension Activities: 1.
Jerry McMorris, the owner at the time, then admitted that he had made a mistake.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Warren $999,999 19 Crown Drive Number of bedrooms: 4 Number of full bathrooms: 2 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Time on the market: 11 days 27-year-old colonial; 2-story foyer, 2 fireplaces, full finished basement, screened porch, in-ground pool, 1.27-acre lot; taxes $12,384; listed at $998,880 (multiple bids).
So it was that on March 10, 1999, Eddie Jones became an ex-Los Angeles Laker.
Mercedes-Benz is using a clear-coat finish on most of its European-produced models that includes nanoparticles engineered to cluster together and migrate to the top of the clear layer, where they form a shell that is highly resistant to abrasion.
That business, which has already received offers from buyers like American Express and Citigroup, is expected to sell for more than $500 million.
Still, much of automakers' current research focuses on pressurized hydrogen gas.
Justice Brown was assailed by Democrats over some of her judicial opinions but also over her many speeches in which she disparages the usefulness of government.
That brought laughter all around, and he then told them that humor, too, was good for the spirit before he went into more reverent prayer about links to the earth and forefathers.
"There are risks of pockets of shortages in various parts of the country," said Edward L. Morse, an executive adviser at Hetco, a New York-based oil trading company.
But the fight for justice is uphill in a country where the families of victims, particularly those singled out by the extreme right, are offered little redress.
George E. Pataki and leaders of the Legislature gave final approval to the bond proposal last week.
"We don't let them drive a car.
The Rams' defense survived adversity throughout the game.
Dragonfly Caffe, 7 Wheeler Avenue.
Ultimately, whoever Mr. Corzine chooses to succeed him before he takes over as governor on Jan. 17 will have the advantages of incumbency in a possible primary fight and a potentially tough general election next November against the leading Republican candidate, State Senator Thomas Kean Jr., whose father is the still-popular former governor.
To me, it sure sounds like a perfect description of what his administration is doing.
Activated C Kevin Willis from the injured list.
Antonio Champalimaud was an international financier and philanthropist from Portugal.
"On 'Perry Mason,' the lawyers were always working to save defendants who were wrongly accused," Mr. Goldman said.
There is also a slim chance the 49ers will receive an offer that will make them consider trading the pick.
Many have had books published by Curbstone.
"Fat in marrow and fat in muscle may have completely different functions," he said.
B. Chow" contains references to Michael Jackson, "Sex and the City" and Monica Lewinsky, giving rise to a concern that Almond's always enjoyable, often hysterical stories will prove too topical for their own good.
The report said the service was working with databases that had not been updated since 1996, regularly taking longer than its own mandated time limits to respond to threats against judges and using manuals so old they did not take into account some new technologies, like cellphones.
Other residents held countering signs urging, "Long life the wolf."
On Feb. 22, the Pacers were 20-24 and appeared headed for the draft lottery.
(Bernard B. Jacobs Theater, 242 West 45th Street, (212)239-6200) JASON ZINOMAN
They took a position and rather than follow their own rules, they chose to ignore them," said Chris Sanda, an analyst at the Singapore brokerage, DBS Vickers.
So the net value of the offer to the transit authority is closer to $400 million.
Tickets, about $17 at 44 rupees to the dollar, must be bought at least 24 hours in advance; they are available at the entrance ticket office or from tour operators in India.
He was also credited with helping to start the Jimmy Fund, named after a pseudonymous young cancer patient for whom the charity was created in 1948.
Before that game, they angered their hosts by punting the ball to midfield after warm-ups and jumping on the Cardinals' logo.
Her miseries and her triumphs depend on it.
Fifteen North American professional cyclists make up the colony this season, which runs from February to October, including Levi Leipheimer, twice a top-10 Tour de France finisher, and Freddie Rodriguez, the three-time United States champion.
Deborah, a bad mother and a useless wife, serves as the film's scapegoat, and her demonization contrasts with the idealization of Flor in a way that manages to be both overtly misogynist and implicitly racist.
Like Mr. Miele, Ms. Gora had never imagined she was at risk of a heart attack, though she was overweight, hypertensive and a 30-year smoker, and heart attacks had killed her father and sister.
"The get-along old boys' network has been disrupted," Mr. Ehrlich said in an interview.
Is there a horror story?
For "The Color Purple," he drew in part on his knowledge of black vernacular dance.
In conjunction with the New York Film Critic's Circle, the Museum is playing host to a continuing series called "Breaking Boundaries."
It cannot be a good omen for the American economy that the most compelling reality shows echo the class tension and overnight success fantasies of movies produced in, or set in, the Great Depression.
Tony Jackett gave his own DNA soon after the killing and has sold the rights to his story to a California filmmaker.
Rob Rosania, 34, a real estate investor, was at a table with other men in their 30's, young collectors and wine buyers for Manhattan restaurants.
Even if Bank of America eventually acquired 19.9 percent of China Construction, one analyst noted that it would be only about 5 percent of the American bank's earnings.
Several factors made him suspicious of the big jump in scores.
In the years since, though, W.W.E.
Tuesday, and Thursday through Dec. 10 at 7:30 p.m., Howard Gilman Opera House, Brooklyn Academy of Music, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, (718) 636-4100 or www.bam.org; $20 to $55.
NEW JERSEY SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA Neeme Jarvi begins his tenure as the orchestra's music director with a surprise er, "Surprise": Haydn's Symphony No.
From 1948, he was U.S. Treasury Representative and Embassy Economic Counselor in Stockholm, Bern and London, successively.
The season is important here not only for the spectacle it creates, but also for the tourist economy it supports and the cultural symbol it represents; no season is more strongly identified with the Northeast than fall.
But they are free to stray, and they do so, mostly in a quest for Kit-Kat bars, shady spaces, fruit trees, swimming pools and human toys.
"People went out of their way to tell me that while they liked my leadership, on this issue I was just dead wrong."
I married a woman I'd met in Utah.
He attacks Dan Rather (No.
Complicating our task were the 40 or so hostesses dressed identically as the White Witch -- ghostly white face paint, tears glued on their cheeks, icicle crowns weighing heavily on their heads.
Blue Safari club (Manda; www.bluesafariclub.com).
It was 1,324, not in excess of 1,400.
Seeking stocks that pay relatively high dividends, for example, he built a custom portfolio initially based on stocks in the Reuters Select Folio: Income Stocks portfolio, which FolioFN made available in April 2004.
August DeLorenzo keeps a picture tacked above his desk.
"You probably won't be able to sit down in the skirt."
Lunt-Fontanne Theater, 205 West 46th Street, (212)307-4747.
Live" for nine years through 1992.)
Exercise can reduce fat levels, and so it may reduce hormone levels and thereby lower breast cancer risk.
Bihar offers a reflection at which ascendant India recoils.
It touches on the trial and fills out an invented biography that gives the play a satisfying arc.
Inkster, who has won the tournament twice, has been the runner-up each time Sorenstam has won.
Once passwords to the remote systems were obtained, an intruder could log in and use a variety of software "tool kits" to upgrade his privileges -- known as gaining root access.
Prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty if Mr. Rudolph admitted guilt and revealed the whereabouts of about 250 pounds of dynamite he had hidden in the North Carolina mountains, including a bomb intended for federal agents hunting him.
And 90 percent of respondents described the deficit as a very or somewhat serious problem.
"Because if we don't have integrity, if we don't program what we think we should program, not what people are advocating us to program, we don't become the festival we've become.
One product adversely affected by the weather has been shad, according to Joe DiMauro, owner of Mount Kisco Seafood.
He says that "the most litigated right has become the right to die," not mentioning that the issue has been most in the news in relation to young people, not the elderly.
A series of Jewish holy days and festivals this month account for many of the suspensions, seven days in all.
"I don't think he's in a position to lecture me or anybody else on this subject."
How he handled that long-ago case, interviews suggest, sheds some light on the short but crucial chapter in his career as New Jersey's top federal law enforcement official in the late 1980's.
"I'm perfectly at peace with it," he said.
Belbin, who was born in Kingston, Ontario, moved with her parents, Michele and Charles, to suburban Detroit in 1999.
But I'm not the preacher."
The police did not release his name last night, pending notification of his family.
The barge at the Manhattan tower was used by Warren George Inc., a subcontractor of the Transportation Department, to drill into the caisson and the rock around the tower as part of the seismic study.
"I have a brownstone on East 71st Street, 21 feet wide, triple mint condition, for $17 million," said Roger Erickson, senior managing director at Sotheby's International Realty, who specializes in East Side brownstones.
"I'm not condemning the test, but there are problems," Delanghe said.
Ms. Hansen: "You can feel the difference between someone who hoists you up and someone with whom you kind of become four arms and four legs that all link together."
ALBANY, June 14 - Though it may prove less titillating than watching "Desperate Housewives" or "The Sopranos," state officials say it is time for viewers across New York to tune in to the doings of the State Legislature on cable television.
"You guys must have been terrors," Mr. Hormel said.
She could hear her husband screaming, she said.
Richard P. Godwin, a former engineering executive who tried during the Reagan administration to reform the Defense Department's buying practices, died on March 3 in San Rafael, Calif.
Perched on the end of the International Space Station's 58-foot robotic arm, Dr. Robinson, 49, easily removed two strips of cloth filler that had protruded above the surface of the heat-resistant tiles on the shuttle's underbelly.
When work began, this past winter, on clearing a swath of Times Square real estate between 42nd and 43rd Streets, it took demolition crews weeks to tear down the buildings.
Ms. Haigh packs the book with a wide spectrum of social and domestic roles for the female characters.
Everything should have a place, and everything should be in its place.
An ancient sea and industrial ruin, "the site," as Smithson wrote, was "evidence of a succession of man-made systems mired in abandoned hopes."
Fewer than two-thirds of the 70,000 people sentenced to life from 1988 to 2001 are in for murder, the Times analysis found.
So far, about 90 athletes in skateboarding, BMX stunt bike riding and freestyle motocross have joined what is known as the Pro Riders Organization, essentially an association, which was begun two years ago.
Mr. Welch is clearly benefiting from his business cachet, as well as a demand among readers for business advice.
Its failure to do so would be a victory for terrorists everywhere.
About 8:15 p.m., Officers Carson and Nguyen crossed the bridge heading west.
"The Holy Father -- with visible participation -- is joining in the continual prayers of those assisting him," the statement said.
Those watching from the outside say that despite their troubles, ranging from private disputes over contracts to public tiffs over who deserves credit for what, the two partners have nonetheless succeeded in delivering reliable and not too outrageously priced electricity to 1.1 million customers for nearly eight years.
In Christopher Wheeldon's transcendent "After the Rain" on Tuesday, Amar Ramasar, new to his role, stood out for the muscular eloquence of his dancing.
But the next one turned out to be the knockout round, and though Williams flashed a brave grin at the net as she reached down to shake hands with the 5-foot-3 Craybas after one of her most crushing defeats, she ended up in tears in the interview room.
Thomson, the owner of the RCA brand, has gone after the less-expensive end of the MP3 market with a number of models starting at $50.
ABC News, like many news organizations after the end of the cold war, has scaled back its reporting staff in Moscow, and is now represented by its bureau chief, Tomasz Rolski, who has Polish citizenship.
"Every time we get an update, it seems to go up and up," Mr. Weprin said.
Correction: May 6, 2005, Friday An article in Business Day yesterday about Time Warner's first-quarter financial results referred incompletely to the decline in subscribers to America Online.
Our solution was to put the box high on a wall, which meant that to suspend a chandelier we'd have to run wire or chain from the wall to a hook in the ceiling.
He has assembled shows accompanied by the publication of major catalogs and daylong conferences with international scholars.
He felt certain, he said, that he wanted Ms. Schad and her energy and sense of adventure in his life.
As they say, in the flesh great art, no matter how often it has been dully reproduced or mistaken for a price tag or overrun by crowds, somehow retains its dignity and originality.
(Eichler) MAVERICK CONCERTS (Tomorrow and Sunday) This concert series near Woodstock, N.Y., in its 90th season, offers its performances in an open-backed barn that allows the sounds of nature to mingle with the music.
Howard F. Jaeckel New York, Jan. 4, 2005
While the World Health Organization has confirmed 79 human cases, including a family of 5 in Vietnam on Monday, it has said that the minimum for a pandemic is two million to seven million dead.
"It will be in the members' lounge."
"Foliage can be a security officer's nightmare," said Deputy Chief John Colgan, who leads the New York Police Department's counterterrorism unit.
Dr. Dean came to the interview with Tim Russert carrying written notes, which he consulted as he ran through some of the ethics accusations that Mr. DeLay is facing involving improper fund-raising and foreign trips possibly financed by a lobbyist.
The affected section should have read: "The story behind the Disney-Miramax breakup, on one level, is about money and ego.
There was a time when what people did on their summer vacations was no one else's business.
The zone remains closed, except to the workers overseeing the reactor's decontamination, a few hard-luck pensioners who have drifted back and, increasingly, curious tourists on macabre day trips.
One foreigner seized in the United States as a suspected terrorist is being held as an enemy combatant without charges in a Navy brig in Charleston, S.C. Others have been prosecuted for their crimes.
Mr. Kuhn says the collection over all is now in good shape.
Evaluation / Assessment: Students will be evaluated based on participation in Agree/Disagree activity, thoughtful completion of their timelines, and thorough and thoughtful completion of their personal essays.
PISTONS WIN IN DOUBLE OVERTIME -- Chauncey Billups hit a 15-footer with three-tenths of a second left in the second overtime last night and finished with 30 points for Detroit in a 106-104 victory over the host Memphis Grizzlies.
It was 1653, not 1625.
The bridegroom, 30, graduated with honors from the University of Chicago.
"I'd like to have the Independence line, but it's not vital.
Already, oil tanker traffic is rising and fishing boats are going farther north.
And with the current "customization" craze, any attempt to be original seems cliché.
It remains unclear whether Chaney, who is 73 and in the Hall of Fame, will continue to coach Temple next season.
Among Mr. Perry's potential primary challengers next year is Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison.
There were few details on the roadside bombing, but Baghdad is one of the four provinces identified by the commander, Lt. Gen. Thomas Metz, as having insecure areas.
Another area where Ms. Dow wants to crack down is computer crime, including child pornography and identity theft.
Speaking at a news conference after Berkshire's annual shareholders' meeting the day before, Mr. Buffett said he was confident there was nothing improper about an insurance contract being examined by Australian regulators that involved a Berkshire unit.
It would also have allowed the interim government to carry on with voting in the Shiite and Kurdish areas this month while postponing it in the four violence-racked provinces, giving Sunnis the prospect of electing their share of legislators later.
Thursday at 7 p.m. Free.
He was the most reliable person in my life.
I don't think about her.
Mr. Musharraf has helped in the war on terrorism and has managed Pakistan's economy well.
Correction: March 23, 2005, Wednesday The White House Letter column on March 7, about the movie-viewing habits of President Bush, referred incorrectly to Abraham H. Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League, who encouraged the White House to show "Paper Clips," a documentary about citizens who protested the Nazis by wearing paper clips on their lapels.
"But the one thing about Hollywood is that is very hard to bully anyone when you are asking for that kind of price."
Their spokeswoman, Melanie Riley, said that they were "devastated, but not surprised," and that they would appeal the decision.
Some are outsourced and immoderately sweet; only a chocolate cake, made in house, rises above the ordinary.
Along the way, "he made a step and quickly appeared to pull back his foot -- perhaps as if he had stepped on something," the newspaper reported.
Black, in November 2002 was related to his alert to Justice Department officials days earlier that he was investigating Mr. Abramoff.
Land Thai Kitchen on the Upper West Side is one of the more promising entries in this crop of new places, which serve Thai food that is accessible, affordable, never greasy and on occasion interesting.
Nobody must suspect that I'm giving up hope.
made commitments to pay for much of Delphi's retiree pension, health and life insurance benefits in the event of a bankruptcy.
After Lewis spiked the ball, Terrell Owens retrieved it and handed it back to him.
and kicked, punched and beat him with bats, fracturing his skull, before fleeing, the police said.
There were to be dozens of subcontractors on the job who would have to pay for the privilege, not to mention ancillary work like sewer lines, roads and a sparkling new subway station.
Sears had a loss of $9 million, or 7 cents a share, in the first quarter, which ended April 30.
He and his family left Wednesday night for a motel in Camarillo at the urging of officials.
Mr. Bush also returned to accusations that racial discrimination was involved in government's response to the hurricane, saying "the storm didn't discriminate" and neither did the rescuers.
There's only one person alive with whom I've had a longer ongoing relationship, and that's my wife.
While Uncle Jack's broadens its online product mix, other restaurants, like Artie's Delicatessen in Manhattan, are staying with food.
"And if patients are not the priority," he added, "the consequence is those six suicides."
The family welcomes visitors on Friday, June 17, at Bea's apartment, One Fifth Avenue, between 3 and 8 P.M. We will all miss her boundless warmth, her rapier wit, incisive humor, outspokenness and erudition.
Chevron, based in San Ramon, Calif., is betting that Unocal shareholders will favor its offer over that of the Chinese because they will consider it a safer option than potentially protracted regulatory and government scrutiny for Cnooc.
Public reaction to Congress's intervention in the Schiavo case may well test whether they have enough standing to run against public opinion on end-of-life issues.
The swampy ambience is lacking (the place is a former seafood store and retains its pristine whiteness), but the food is so phenomenal it doesn't matter.
"Mr. Wortham," she said with a light British accent.
He wiped his brow with a rag as workers slammed boxes of Mott's apple juice onto sun-baked metal carts.
Services Friday 11 AM, June 3, 2005 at Pelham Parkway Jewish Center, 900 Pelham Parkway South, 718792-6450.
In recent years, genetic diversity has become an important goal of fisheries managers.
They are cops but not outsiders.
The result is a nice little pasta dish, one that will postpone the need for making zucchini bread to another day.
To the Editor: Much as I respect Francis Fukuyama's thoughtful effort to place the Bush administration's aberrant foreign policy within a cogent intellectual matrix, I believe that a quite different view of it is also tenable.
West, John Hurd of USA1, led the club jack.
And by being so eager to gamble his fortune on the city's future, he could help New Orleans recover all the more quickly.
After all, I did cause the whole thing."
This, coupled with earlier experiences at sea, helped shape the left-leaning political views he put into his articles and reviews for The New American Review, The New York Times, The Saturday Review and The Nation, where he was literary editor from 1969 to 1981.
But Friday night, the Nets needed a 3-point play from Carter and a 3-pointer from Kidd with 21.7 seconds left to reach the 30-point mark by halftime.
Today, another self-proclaimed revolutionary, Evo Morales, could become the country's first indigenous and first authentically leftist president.
She is drunk and whispering.
"Hers was often a difficult vote to get, and she wrote many anti-affirmative action opinions," Mr. Shaw said, citing the Richmond, Va., case as a particular irritant.
They agree on the related point that journalism is a profession rather than just a trade and therefore that journalists and their employers must not allow profit considerations to dominate, but must acknowledge an ethical duty to report the news accurately, soberly, without bias, reserving the expression of political preferences for the editorial page and its radio and television counterparts.
"Joe Torre's job is safe," Steinbrenner said Friday through his publicist, Howard Rubenstein.
He hopes that any lady who is afflicted with any hereditary disease will not answer this communication.
She is no longer accepting applicants but will take down contact information in case a slot opens up.
But a disease that affects no more than 15 or 20 Americans at any one time would barely get any research attention if not for an advocate to promote it.
Out front, the fig tree she planted while pregnant sagged from the storm.
When asked what he thought he could do about it, Galo gave a little shrug and the same answer any veteran politician would.
Calling the county's action to shift the burden of the refund "inherently unfair and inequitable," Justice Stephen A. Bucaria ordered the county to reimburse the school district for the Pilot money Goya did not pay.
How expensive are their favorite activities?
While the offensive was under way, an unconfirmed posting on an Islamist Internet site said Mr. Zarqawi had fled Iraq and was in serious but stable condition with a bullet wound in his right lung.
He is survived by his beloved wife of 71 years, Gertrude, and children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and others too numerous to name.
(The Times has previously reported that Mr. Crouch said he heard about the eel comment 'many years ago,' but was uncertain of its source.)
And, by chance, a mere 100 yards away is the Schosshalden Cemetery, where Klee is buried.
In Silicon Valley, executives are also starting to worry about the consequences of Darpa's stinting on basic research in computer science.
He told a federal grand jury that it was at that time that he stopped taking steroids, according to The San Francisco Chronicle.
The crisis led to skyrocketing electricity prices and rolling blackouts.
"It used to be a rarity, but today it's as if no one even notices the big belly," she said.
Asda, Britain's third-largest retailer, was purchased by Wal-Mart in 1999.
My family started a business breeding day-old chicks in the late 1990's.
Because of that, it was a moment of triumph when Ceaurriz, of the French lab, announced the development of an EPO test in 2000.
I laughed initially, and went about finishing my routine, thinking that whoever had taken my pants would soon discover the error and put them back.
It's a spare army for all hard-line elements."
Summing up his debate argument later, he said: "Mike Bloomberg thinks everything's going just great in this town, and for some it is, but for millions of others it isn't.
Intellectual adventures, and adventures not aimed at the sweat set, are also increasingly prevalent.
Between these social soirees, they play court tennis.
You cannot deduct donations to organizations that are not deemed nonprofits by the I.R.S., so if you're unsure, ask the charity, or visit Web sites like Charity Navigator (www.charitynavigator.org), GuideStar or the BBB Wise Giving Alliance (www.give.org), which tracks charities and is affiliated with the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
At the reception desk a sign announced that a pottery sale had been canceled, while the receptionist explained the closing to callers saying that "the board has made a decision not to incur any more expenses."
Memphis took a 13-4 lead on an 18-foot jumper by Darius Washington five minutes into the game.
He was born in Brooklyn and lived at times in Washington and Germany.
"Golden Girls," which started in syndication on Lifetime in 1997, currently runs an average of five times a day on the channel, and more than 16 million people watch the show during any given week, said Gary Morgenstein, a Lifetime spokesman.
The narrative routinely grinds to a halt with digressions.
When he took another shot at comedy, he changed his named to Rodney Dangerfield, landed on "The Ed Sullivan Show," and, with "I don't get no respect" as his signature line, became a star.
On Saturday, he announced that he had signed a Nike contract.
We extend heartfelt sympathy to his bereaved family Peter J. Rubinstein, Rabbi Alfred D. Youngwood, Pres
He had surgery in December and aggravated the injury not long after arriving at spring training.
Once on the plane awaiting takeoff, she said, a man across the aisle complained loudly about her into his cellphone as she continued to nurse.
Mr. Weld, who enjoyed fairly broad support across the state from those leaders who actually voted, said in a telephone interview that at several fund-raisers he held later in the day, his supporters were encouraged by his victory.
Being told that friends or relatives no longer want to ride with you.
An appeals court reduced Mr. Ganji's sentence to six years in jail.
As Eric Tournier, one of Courchevel's prominent hotel and restaurant owners, said: "Tell me another place in the world that can match our skiing terrain in dimension and variety, that has the quality of food in our restaurants and the depth of upscale private hotels?
Thrill has a dark side, too.
Flying directly over the battlefield at close range is one of the least effective and most dangerous ways to support ground troops.
You now see at almost every major research institution all these new types of institutes and buildings designed to put people together.
"We don't force them," she said, as the girls lined up.
Full reviews of all current releases, movie trailers, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/movies.
An alliance of Alibaba and Yahoo would sharply intensify that competition.
On many other occasions, however, Mr. Tobias has been quite willing to follow the agenda of the religious right.
His efforts to shift attention to domestic policy come after weeks of public focus on the war in Iraq.
They are bawdy and political; loopy (in that crisp English way) and whimsical (2:00).
will be hard pressed to turn a profit this year.
Eventually Ariane is found, transformed into a birch tree.
Mr. Bocca is the questing hero, already dejected in "Pachouli," the first segment.
That is what I did."
It's essential that children learn to read, of course, and at Hansberry, as elsewhere, the direct instruction technique has improved test scores in the early grades.
(The National Park Service owns and administers an additional 22 acres of the island, designated as the Governors Island National Monument.)
Right now, educators are just beginning to think about how to develop and measure problem-solving, communication and the other so-called soft skills that the new marketplace requires, and adjust the school curriculum accordingly.
Herald P. Fahringer, a lawyer who represents a coalition of about 100 adult video stores and X-rated theaters, said that residents' claims were not justified and that studies conducted by the city in 1995 discounted any link between prostitution and sex shops.
That, in sum, is the story of "The Producers," Version 3.0, which will open in New York on Dec. 16 and nationwide on Christmas Day, 37 years after the original film put Mel Brooks on the map, winning him an Oscar for best screenplay and a reputation as one of the funniest directors around.
Still, only about a company and a half is based inside the central and western parts of the city.
She had the president's ear, but she seemed to use it to tell him only what he wanted to hear.
The two former executives also continue to cooperate with the agency, Goodyear said in a statement.
She was a beautiful, strong, courageous, brilliant and warm human being and will be deeply missed by her sister Toni Auspitz, her children Steven Filbert and Peggy Kelston, her daughterin-law Gloria, her grandchildren Lauren and Alex Kelston, her nieces, Betsy Kovacs, Ena Haines, Dotty Brown, her nephew James Hindels, and all her other relatives of her close knit family, and her many friends.
Excluding $75 million in costs to repatriate $1.7 billion of foreign earnings, 3M would have earned $1.09 a share.
"They have never developed the country, they have never created any jobs, they never built any schools, they never built any hospitals," Weah said.
FOOTBALL National Football League CINCINNATI BENGALS--Waived FB Rich Demers.
"The inherent conflict of youth sports is that adults want to win and children just want to play," said Bob Bigelow, a former N.B.A.
I am prepared to sit in this room.
York Theater Company, at St. Peter's Lutheran Church, Lexington Avenue, at 54th Street, (212)868-4444.
Barbara T. Schneider Durham, Me.
Larger plots of land and larger houses are both available for less money than in neighboring states, he said.
The next year, lawmakers passed a bill prohibiting discriminating against gays in housing and employment and other areas.
He connected on his first eight passes in a drill against the defense.
-- meaning that Khatib should have been using the word "shahid," or martyr, to describe Palestinian suicide bombers.
But the carnage stirred an outcry, leading to legislative measures that cut the toll and made New Mexico something of a model.
However, there have been some alarming developments.
"You would have thought we had a picture-perfect response to Katrina," said Representative Robert Menendez of New Jersey, chairman of the House Democratic Caucus.
The wide-ranging wine list offers many below $50.
Stanley H. Eleff, a critic and a 1969 graduate, said he would press Harvard for an answer.
Being a second-tier skater on the United States team makes the balance even tougher for Czisny; she receives calls to compete when someone else drops out.
If Mr. Bush thought Mr. Roberts had already impressed both the public and the Senate with his intelligence and sincerity, he figured correctly.
She was succeeded by one Senate president and two co-presidents: Donald DiFrancesco, Mr. Codey and John O. Bennett.
8 P.M. (9) R U THE GIRL WITH T-BOZ AND CHILLI -- Over on CBS, INXS has been looking for someone to replace its lead singer, Michael Hutchence, who committed suicide.
Their cylindrical glass high-rise is walking distance from the seawall, from Coal Harbour Community Center, which is underground and designed to resemble a submarine, and from the 1,000-acre Stanley Park, which features walking, biking and roller-skating trails, water parks, an outdoor swimming pool, several beaches and an aquarium.
BAGHDAD, Iraq, June 7 - Insurgents set off three simultaneous suicide car bombs on Tuesday morning at checkpoints around a rebel town in northern Iraq, killing at least 20 Iraqis and wounding 30 others, a police chief said.
Really, it's a miracle that "Jeopardy!"
agents and forensics experts, might never have received a diagnosis or treatment for asthma or other ailments that have affected some Sept. 11 responders.
But Damon said his first inkling that things might end differently came after the Chicago White Sox eliminated Boston in their divisional series in October.
"What the students tend to find out is that we use some of the same means of expression, even if our instruments are quite different."
Ms. Meadow conceded that the company got off to a bumpy start on Broadway: "I feel like I'm so much in the process of trying to take this theater that for three decades has been creating new work, and saying how do you do this on Broadway, which is obviously a very different venue."
Mr. Shannon said his intention was not to cause trouble for Napster.
Correction: September 21, 2005, Wednesday A picture caption on Friday about a debate between Mayor Kwame M. Kilpatrick of Detroit and his re-election challenger, Freman Hendrix, misspelled the surname of the moderator.
The United States economy is still far in front, with a value of about $11.7 trillion last year.
She drove in relative obscurity much of the year until Patrick went from a curiosity to a national phenomenon last month.
There has been heating-fuel sticker shock almost every winter for the last five years, and yet, while people like the woman in the line struggle, the new homes on Long Island keep growing bigger and more gluttonous for fuel.
Mr. Hagel signed a letter Wednesday in which opponents say they are concerned about "government fishing expeditions targeting innocent Americans" and demand further restrictions on provisions allowing government searches and access to private and personal information including medical and library records.
Some appeals judges who ruled on civil rights cases with Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. have accused him over the years of minimizing America's history of racial discrimination, weakening the courts in dealing with bias claims and placing barriers in the path of employees' civil rights suits.
Working to lift his sagging campaign, Fernando Ferrer yesterday reclaimed the "two New Yorks" theme of his failed 2001 mayoral bid, even as he suggested that it may not be sufficient to win on Nov. 8.
As the system's top manager from 1977 to 1981, doubling as a justice of the state's Supreme Court, he also instituted five-day workweeks for judges and greater accountability.
A three-judge panel of the Third District Court of Appeal unanimously rejected a challenge by the Campaign for California Families, an advocacy group.
All that stood yesterday between the Yankees and a 3-2 victory, a three-game sweep of the Boston Red Sox and a face-saving save by the struggling Mariano Rivera was a bases-loaded grounder to third off the bat of Manny Ramirez.
"In effect, the law is giving the auditors business," Senator Sarbanes said with a chuckle.
As part of the settlement with the village, Mr. Correia dropped a defamation lawsuit against a former village police commissioner, Kevin Campbell, who publicly apologized to Mr. Correia as part of the settlement.
As it faced sagging consumer demand and a marketplace glutted with low-carb products last year, the company's operations quickly foundered, making it difficult for it to keep up with its loan obligations.
He prefers Independencia to his old neighborhood, San Antonio, because, he said, "it got to be too many gringos" there.
Using data from a telephone survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, researchers correlated information about exercise with weather reports from 255 weather stations in the United States and Puerto Rico to figure out what percentage of people in each region met the C.D.C.
We all grew up with a Latin background."
Orix, based in Tokyo, is a huge commercial and investment bank with increasingly large aspirations abroad.
Around the country, relatives of those killed on Thursday said they had expected the men, who were deployed in July, to come home in January.
"Future generations will never forgive us" he said, "if we neglect to meet this challenge."
Although it is difficult to verify, some art experts believe that the Hesses have the most to show, largely because they have not sold any of the art that they have accumulated over the centuries.
He is worried about money (or the lack of it), success (ditto), his physical condition, his mental health.
If I were Burt Reynolds, I would wait until the cop, Jackie Gleason, got up to my car.
"I think the focus on fairly demanding extracurricular activities is a reflection of the expectations we have," Mr. Nelson of NetSuite wrote in an e-mail message.
The last time I met Mr. Van Sant was in 1991, at his house on a hill above Portland, Ore.
According to the most recent data compiled by the Commerce Department, less than 6 percent of American companies with biotechnology operations employed contract workers abroad in 2002, but industry specialists say that percentage has increased in the last three years.
Maybe one day they'll use Loeffler's dictionary, if he ever completes it.
Sorry, I've got some shopping to do.
John Zorn used electronic sound and shifting textures appealingly as well, in his thoughtfully shaped "Orphée."
JOHNSON 'IAN KIAER: THE GREY CLOTH' Tanya Bonakdar Gallery 521 West 21st Street, Chelsea (212)414-4144, through April 30.
A10 Senator Vows Bolton Vote Senator Bill Frist of Tennessee vowed to hold another vote by the end of this week on the stalled nomination of John R. Bolton to be United Nations ambassador.
A trophy from a spelling bee may not carry the social cachet of the homecoming queen's tiara, but small victories are the best most of us can hope for in life, right?
Researchers there have built what they say is the world's smallest untethered, controllable robot.
And soon Moby wasn't just a musicmaker -- he was a paradigm-shifter.
They are an attempt to retrieve the immediacy of those hours when 2,792 souls perished.
She is the youngest person ever in the position, responsible for 35 staff members and for filling more than 4,000 jobs.
They have to create their own opportunities, forge their own acceptance.
'I told you so, you sons of bitches!'
Mr. Jung was more cautious than other missionaries, refusing to send North Koreans to smuggle Bibles across the border and sing hymns inside home churches.
To me, Giacomo has to prove it again.
Doubters may say that the Orioles have enough hitting to win, but that their young pitchers won't be able to withstand the pressures of a race.
Born in Brooklyn, NY, September 7, 1940, Mr. Cutler graduated from New York University and Brooklyn Law School, and served in the Korean War in Army Intelligence.
In fact, the exhibition is the end point of a three-month professional development program in which artists attend seminars given by art professionals: dealers, critics, curators, publicists and even accountants.
Among Republican legislators who support the death penalty, the emerging strategy on Monday involved filing a so-called discharge motion this week with the Assembly Rules Committee to take the bill away from the Codes Committee and send it directly to the floor.
He was the losing quarterback here when the Jets came from 23 points behind to win a Monday night game in 2000.
The explosive material is triacetone triperoxide, or TATP.
The vacancy was created by the resignation of Kathleen Cox, who stepped down in April after the board did not renew her contract.
Is it technically possible to pick out "intelligence genes"?
The play's elements bring to mind those tidy topical melodramas that were once so popular.
If tradition demands a large selection of desserts, your favorite lemon squares and brownies can also be made ahead; they freeze beautifully and look surprisingly festive cut into small squares and stacked on platters.
Andro was made famous by the former St. Louis Cardinals player Mark McGwire, who admitted taking it around the time of his record-breaking home run season in 1998.
Something I thought a week ago was terrific, and suddenly I look and see that they cannot move forward with what I have written."
The artists are Julian Schnabel, Jeff Koons, Vanessa Beecroft, Elizabeth Peyton, Richard Prince and Cindy Sherman.
Ms. Deng said they had spared no expense on renovating the apartment, in fact spending more on the upgrades than they did on the apartment itself, a 9,300-square-foot space that had been cobbled together on the top three floors of a former candy factory in a landmark building.
Mr. Tanweer, the two militants said, was at the madrasa, which doubles as a training camp, on a short "study tour," which is akin to an orientation session for potential guerrilla recruits.
Even so, by the time she left high school she had decided to become a laboratory technician.
The sushi list is gigantic.
Violent events often rattle consumer confidence.
Because Pierzynski has irritated many umpires and opponents, he depends on the loyalty of his teammates.
"Once I gave them the focus of what an image is, and what vision is, I constantly stressed the importance of content," he said.
A preview of the redesign of EDWARD DURELL STONE's building at 2 Columbus Circle has opened at the CENTER FOR ARCHITECTURE in Greenwich Village.
If you're Comcast, you tell them that you have to earn back your investment, which includes $65 million for this season's TV rights, and that you're fighting other rival potentates like Cablevision and DISH to make OLN available to as many subscribers as possible.
There is a lot of talking on the ice, he said.
Ten minutes later, as he left for work, he again threatened his wife, the papers say.
He had no place to stay and no news outlet to report to.
To mark his centennial, my sister, Kit O'Meara, and I decided we would do something he would have enjoyed: go to a ballgame.
"Bears, quite frankly, are causing a number of interactions that are not desirable."
And now there is not just one grand vision on the table for redeveloping the county-owned Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, but four.
Medical staff members improvised, taking tubes from patients when they died and reusing them, without sterilization.
The darkness barely let up, but by the time I got within sight of the city its lights had mingled with true dawn: just the backlit gray of a snowy winter morning, but enough, at last, to show me the fence lines and the windblown grasses above the snow again.
If the series is read in what is now the canonical order, Volumes I and VII, "The Magician's Nephew" and "The Last Battle," which are, respectively, a Creation story and a version of Armageddon, unmistakably spell out the theological dimensions of the story, but if you're not forewarned, it is perfectly possible to read most of the other volumes without a clue that anything more is going on than meets the eye.
Nanoparticles will also be the building blocks for complex structures like nanowires and molecule electronic devices.
Intact found objects have little role here, although the piece includes some old doors and bits of molding and rickety-looking wood structures that suggest fire escapes and subway trestles.
(Liberals presumably support free condoms, while conservatives back abstinence education.)
She wrote two speeches, one if the measure passed, another if it failed.
Hours: Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. 30 East Hanover Avenue, Whippany.
The woman, Lonett Hall, 26, said that after she had locked herself in her bedroom, she heard a gunshot.
"That would be prejudging cases before they have heard them," said Scott McClellan, the White House spokesman.
The harbors are destroyed and the shrimp freezers are gone.
Environmentalists have not been patient.
"The movement to require employers to provide health insurance coverage is by no means dead," warned the HR Policy Association, a group of human resources executives, which urged its members last month to take "the offensive" in coming up with solutions to problems of the uninsured.
Recalled INF Willy Aybar from Las Vegas of the PCL.
But the old Boardwalk was lined with brick and stone hotels that had tiled arcades, windows that gave a view in and out, bits of green grass and, as the new standards put it, "active facades" -- stores, entrances, windows and semipublic areas.
The Giants sneaked by a good Broncos team on Eli Manning's touchdown pass with five seconds left.
They each wore simple black pantsuits and shocking saffron wigs (homage to "The Gates").
Admission to Gould Hall screenings is $9; students, $7.
"From this perspective, more isn't always better.
Where: "I'm not really a vacation person.
He noted that four companies with similar tax breaks -- Goya, Cablevision, Lilly Popcorn and Jaguar Graphics -- are in the Bethpage school district.
"I can't get too worked up about it, though," he said.
Another sister, Rafaele, is credited for her chicharrón de pollo ($12), whose fried-to-crackling skin gives way to tangy marinated meat.
A victory for Bjorn would be his first major, a first major for a European since 1999, and a European's first P.G.A.
Representative Joe L. Barton, Republican of Texas and chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, showed up to vote for the Arctic drilling plan at 4 a.m. Monday, just hours after being released from the hospital for treatment of a heart attack.
"Fine things are coming my way," she said at the subterranean stage door, showing no trace of nerves.
In the Spirit Underground case, the backhoe was tracked within hours to a vacant lot where thieves had abandoned it, so the company lost little productive time.
But there is plenty of bitter history to go around.
Like it or not, Sue Colyer's admonition at lunch about the need to believe in a husband's service remains at the crux of Smiley's dilemma.
Mr. Bowles has been known to serve crushed Altoids instead of mint jelly with lamb and to present diners with lollipops of foie gras encrusted with Pop Rocks.
Although he likes his insulated home away from home, it hasn't prevented him from picking up a rotten cold.
"I've been getting ahead of hitters, throwing all my pitches for strikes and really just staying aggressive, letting the defense play," Chacon said.
It was a train hitting a Volkswagen.
He has not lived at this house, and we have not had contact with him for many years.
A number of outcomes could result from the voting today.
Witnesses told The Pioneer, a newspaper in Bemidji, the nearest town, an hour's drive away, that the gunman was "grinning and waving" as he fired his weapon and that students pleaded with him to stop, according to The A.P.
For months I was so cynical, questioning all the planning and cost, even though I'm as proud of my niece as any opinionated uncle could be.
The Suns had pursued Gary Payton for his veteran leadership, but the Celtics re-signed him.
"In my heart I always think that the people that give the endorsement to somebody else, in the end, in the voting booth, will probably be voting for me," Mr. Bloomberg said.
David Rockefeller, the last surviving grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, is about to turn 90, and he has been in a generous mood lately.
Why would anyone want a Civic GX?
And as in "Death Race 2000," the picture builds to a genuinely anarchic conclusion as the students, led by the irrepressible P. J. Soles ("Stripes"), take over their high school and exultantly burn it to the ground -- not an attitude reflected in many mainstream movies before or since.
Gradually, it emerges that Mr. Greaves is less the dupe of this orchestrated madness than its ringmaster.
"If the timing's not right, the saw won't work.
Pellman said the Jets also hoped that Pennington would be able to take part in training camp and play a full season.
listening posts at Phu Bai in South Vietnam and San Miguel in the Philippines that are in the agency archives.
That reaction -- which led to about 50 subsequent appearances on the show, as well as untold Carson-inspired bookings at clubs and college campuses -- was topped only by another kind of tribute often paid by the "Tonight" host: imitation.
“I remember walking onto that floor for the first time,” Carlos said.
Liz Lange Maternity has opened Upstairs at Liz Lange, an outlet store above her Upper East Side shop.
What if I fell off the edge?"
But Mr. Rove's first challenge on Wednesday morning came before he cleared his driveway: how to get past the five television crews and the three photographers waiting for him.
A permanent drop in world oil production will have serious consequences.
In Plaza Murillo, the capital's main square, dozens of young children bought bags of corn to feed the pigeons.
When told that the store carried nothing in his size, he bellowed, "I live in a world too small for me!"
Once the tunnel is dug and the electrical wires have been strung up, the walls and ceiling are sprayed with a layer of "shotcrete," a durable, fast-drying concrete pumped through a hose.
"With the Japan Society, everything loses money."
That is a project for next fall, perhaps.
Amgen and Johnson & Johnson have been feuding almost ever since Amgen, as a young company in need of cash, licensed Procrit to Johnson & Johnson in 1985.
"Red Sox Nation is alive and well, and indeed, national," said Larry Lucchino, the team's president and chief executive.
Dearest Daddy, you made all my dreams come true, I will always cherish and love you.
Guests will step through an oversize wardrobe -- a reference to "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" -- into a wintry landscape of white carpets, snow drifts, quince blossoms, icy tree branches cast in Lucite, bundles of white birch and a sleigh piled with designer clothes.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there were 18,957 reported cases of pertussis in the United States in 2004, up from 9,784 in 2003.
This quote, unexpected and precise, is from the short story "June Recital" by Eudora Welty, who combined an intoxicating use of language with a strong sense of narrative and local color.
A significant indicator of inflationary pressure, the consumer price index for November will be released on Thursday, with economists expecting an increase of 0.2 percent.
What that gives Leslie Reider, a single mother in Great Neck, is the opportunity to see her son Josh reach out to those in need.
"Because I am a mother and doctor, I know what it means to construct something: like a home, with love, perseverance and also imagination."
To the owner, Joseph Silvestri, a third-generation bird farmer, the birds are a livelihood.
But like his Democratic colleagues, Mr. Amann said he agreed with at least two of Mrs. Rell's ideas for the surplus, giving back money to cities and towns and financing teacher retirement.
They may claim that frankfurters can only be seriously considered from the first "Play ball!"
In summer 2004, the Standing Committee announced the creation of a new review panel to mediate conflicts of law.
Some Democrats and advocacy groups say the Republicans on the evenly divided committee should step aside, because they have all received money from Mr. DeLay's political organization or, in two cases, contributed to his defense fund.
INSTANT -- I took this picture at the Landmark Tavern in Manhattan, intentionally creating a ghostlike effect to hark back to the tale of a Confederate soldier who was supposedly shot and killed at the very spot.
KURTZ--Norman D. Norm will be profoundly missed.
Some of Mr. Miyazaki's creations seem to have precedents and analogues in folklore, fantasy literature and other cartoons.
Nalbandian had a different take.
As President Bush warned the American people from the very start, this is going to be a long and hard struggle.
The head of the testing laboratory in Weybridge, England, who joined the news conference by telephone, said he was "pretty confident" that the incidence of mad cow disease in American herds was "very little indeed."
"She's never talked to me before," she said under her breath, as a handful of other women pushed closer to where she sat, trying to be included in the picture.
They said the burglaries occurred between June 9 and 14.
By the end of his first day he was so lost he had to spend all his tip money on a cab ride home.
From the 1950's to the 1970's, college attendance grew along with federal student grant aid.
And they aren't coming back.
There are several rationales for the deal.
"In a way I feel I'm doing wrong, but you can be forgiven.
For all the places that claim the moniker of "the gateway to the East," it takes little more effort than opening an Atlas to see that geography -- between the Occident and Orient -- tugs at the fiber of Bucharest.
The cover is a three-dimensional rendering of the face of Kaxail, Mayan goddess of the wilderness, in recycled cardboard mixed with corn silk and coffee.
"You talk bankruptcy, and you cause bankruptcy," said Patrick H. Hays, the mayor of North Little Rock, Ark., speaking on behalf of the United States Conference of Mayors.
But the report's extended discussion of wiretapping and other surveillance has not received much attention.
Mother of Nina Joan (Alfred) Mattikow of Greenwich, CT, Alan (Marion) Garfield of Manhattan and Southampton and Ronald (Lily) Garfield of Aspen, Colorado.
Gasoline prices rose 8.2 percent between June and July in the region, compared with 6.1 percent nationally.
But that fee structure of "2 and 20" is what makes the business so potentially lucrative.
Mr. Goldman and his son said they envision the streets of Wynwood filled with artists sipping lattes.
The restaurant business was new to me.
In these states, there is a shortage of doctors in certain medical specialties.
Perhaps that is why builders can be fanatical about owning the biggest, most up-to-date homes they can afford.
She has kept off every ounce since.
The driver, who remained at the scene for several hours, would not give his name, but said he had tried to avoid hitting the boy, who was waiting on a narrow median, and lost control of the truck.
Some analysts suggest that Mr. Mugabe expressly wanted a two-thirds parliamentary majority so he could rewrite the Constitution to allow him to select a successor before the 2008 presidential elections.
Friends of the Upper East Side describes Cinemas 1, 2 & 3 as the first "piggyback" duplex movie theater in the United States -- "a significant milestone in the development of movie theater design."
The assembly will then be able to vote on the make-up of the government and will be able to make laws.
Mr. Bloomberg addressed the issue of his romantic availability at a news conference in Queens called to announce a city program to protect homeowners from predatory lending practices.
The toll is significant because it includes fish at the peak of their reproductive potential, the researchers said.
The boy is Ricky Davis Jr., not David; his father is Ricky Davis, not Williams.
"We're not having any difficulty as I speak to you now," she said yesterday, "but a week and a half from now, there could be some difficulty."
Employees should not have to contribute to their health insurance, she said, because, "Frankly, I think none of us should have to pay for it.
Of equal interest are the performers, who include the engaging Derry Swan, formerly with Merce Cunningham, and three eloquent founding members of the Pulvermacher company, Ani Udovicki, Stephanie Tooman and Kraig Patterson.
The 100,000-square-foot private museum presents a bold contrast to its neighbors, many of them substantial Italianate and Romanesque Revival brick commercial buildings erected by the 19th-century German immigrants who settled here and made fortunes in lumber and warehousing.
Why is it rising again now, including a move of more than 10 percent in September?
"In the Third Reich there was fascism, but only at the Italian Embassy," said one of the National Democrats' parliamentary members, Klaus Jürgen Menzel, a white-haired, slightly stooped man, making one such statement.
A spokesman for Novartis, John Gilardi, said yesterday that the company had no comment on Chiron's statement.
He also said Mr. Bloomberg was already taking several of the actions Mr. Ferrer said he was ignoring.
On Monday, the mother had gone upstairs in her building to borrow a comb for the girl when the fight with Queen took place.
Part of Marsh's fourth-quarter loss resulted from a charge of $80 million for restitution to investors in Putnam mutual funds.
Most teenage protagonists have to learn what it means to be themselves, but Sue and Chloe have an extra task: learning what it means to be -- or not to be -- each other.
For the last year, America's love-hate relationship with China has been more hate, less love.
After the sentence had been pronounced and Mr. Cruz was led away in handcuffs, one of his uncles approached Mr. Gayle with tears in his eyes and an outstretched hand.
"He is not one of them."
The grounds are lovely and well worth a leisurely stroll."
Ms. Angawi, a mother of five, has remarried, but somewhat unhappily as a second wife to a man with another family.
"When you get new windshield wipers for your car, you shouldn't have to do all the same paperwork as when you bought the car," Dr. Richardson-Heron said.
"I will personally kill you, and I'll do it in front of your mother and father," he is quoted as saying.
If you drill down far enough into the menus to arrive at the description page for a certain show, you often come upon the chilling words: "$2.99 (30-day viewing period)."
rule meant that "nobody speaks out, because if they speak out, they go down a hole," he said.
That has implications for conservation: If society wants large wild animals to thrive, it must figure out how to keep them from killing people so people don't kill them in return.
The president has acknowledged that his proposals would not lower gasoline prices "today," but has said that they would help in the long run.
The program also includes a rarity, the Weber Bassoon Concerto, with Judith LeClair as the soloist, and Lorin Maazel's reading of the Sibelius Fifth Symphony.
Saturday's paper, called Weekend Edition, consisted of three sections and ran a total of 64 pages.
Mr. Kelly said the authority had no mechanism for preventing the resale of the passes and would take no action against the sellers because "this is not cheating us out of anything."
Nationally, medical spas have increased to 1,250 from 250 in the last five years, according to the International Medical Spa Association.
And then, there is the pending television pilot.
So instead of a world premiere, Jacob's Pillow audiences are getting a preliminary version of the first part of a piece.
Former distinguished professor of surgical pathology at Columbia University.
In many species, mature cells divide daily into two daughter cells.
A recent article in The Seattle Times indicated that it had found 26 instances in which doctors had given up confidential information to analysts.
Times readers responded with a torrent of contributions, more than $130,000, and Mukhtaran has used the money to improve the schools and "endow" them by buying cows, which will generate income to pay expenses.
In fact, children of faculty and staff get an edge at most institutions, even the most selective.
All three major American stock gauges even managed to wind up slightly higher.
Greatness aside, the security goal is to make the Freedom Tower structurally reusable after an explosion.
The new Coldplay album is "X&Y" (Capitol), and it's less graceful than its predecessor: the songs sound more labored, although many of them soar regardless.
While the issue of where the rubble from the houses will go remains unsettled, the Palestinians have agreed to use much of it to build a seaport, while Israel has agreed to accept hazardous material for disposal.
Tampa Bay was without a timeout and could not stop the clock to set up a field-goal attempt by Bryant, who also made kicks from 35, 36 and 43 yards.
Whenever that process begins, Father Cicero's followers are confident they will have no shortage of miracles to support their cause.
Have breakfast at the venerable Lou's Restaurant and Bakery.
Drizzle 1/2 teaspoon of walnut oil over each piece of salmon and season with a couple of pinches of salt and a grind of pepper.
There is nothing "hypocritical" or "erratic," as was alleged by the store owner in the column, about the Landmark Commission's enforcement actions regarding the security gates cited in the column.
Like Netscape, Apple came in an era of first-day "pops" in stock prices, instant paper millionaires and bull-market optimism.
They would then battle government regulators in court to determine the legality of their practices.
The deal comes a week after Novartis offered $4.5 billion for the 58 percent of Chiron it does not already own, which would put Novartis in the vaccine business.
Many may need no coverage, including people with few or substantial assets, specialists say.
I thought they would seed Lleyton second just from the standpoint that he's won this tournament before.
"The apartments were really small and I am on the claustrophobic side.
Shurgard's shares rose $6.10 to close at $53 on the New York Stock Exchange.
13 12 3 MATCH ME IF YOU CAN, by Susan Elizabeth Phillips.
LORD--Daniel, died unexpectedly on March 21 in Hampton Bays, NY.
Most people arrive at Capri by hydrofoil or ferry, usually from Naples or Sorrento.
Last month, for instance, he joined an unsigned opinion for a three-judge panel that rejected a Chinese woman's request.
The ward is in the older part of the hospital.
Chapin studied cabinetmaking as a journeyman in Philadelphia.
You don't say you pray every morning; you don't have to answer, 'Do you believe in God?"'
In one notorious case in the far north, a couple was married for only 90 minutes before deciding to split up; still, when the husband sought an annulment years later so he could marry again, his former wife demanded compensation.
The lives of celebrities have become such public fodder that it's a wonder anyone still reaches for the spotlight and all that it brings -- the mass adulation, the slabs of male and female prime, the ready-made retinues and hired sycophants, the designed homes and designer threads, the Autobahn-ready guzzlers and private jets, the best (and always free) seats in the house, and the goody bags stuffed with useless junk and silky unguents that the rest of us can only dream about with stars in our eyes and murder in our hearts.
"You do it because there are rewards.
And then sometimes I say, God, thank you for listening to me, because at least I have food for today."
"The art world has brought a sensibility that creates a context where the commitment to first-class architecture is not something that's alien," Mr. Rose said.
Alan Saks, businessman, social activist and advocate of urban Chicago, died January 4, 2005 at age 77.
It committed itself to investing $1 billion in projects that generate energy from sources other than oil and gas.
As you watch his swan song, which stars Liv Ullmann and Erland Josephson as the embattled ex-spouses, you feel the crushing weight of time pressing in around them.
Monica Gabrielle Wading River, N.Y., May 13, 2005 The writer is co-chairwoman, Skyscraper Safety Campaign.
Descriptions and names for new species are published in hundreds of different journals.
Left fielder Cliff Floyd, still groggy from a night game Wednesday, tried to rub the sleep out of his eyes.
The man, who was later identified as David Redden, 18, with no previous criminal record, then got out of the car, and first went around his open car door toward the front of the car, apparently to flee, according to the police.
"But I am not sure a new authority with brand-new bonding authority is the answer to that.
Anglers reeled up their lines, some grumbling about how few mackerel were caught.
When it comes to education, laws like No Child Left Behind make progress (in the form of annual evaluations).
The city tried to convince the public that a shutdown was necessary to conduct routine repairs on the pipes.
We will need the support of Cuba and other countries with mutual interests in Cuba in this effort.
The teen soap's first order of business: sort out the fact that Marissa shot Ryan's brother, Trey (LOGAN MARSHALL-GREEN), in the final moments of the May season finale.
A Cablevision-Adelphia combination would substantially change the equation between Cablevision and Time Warner, which has 10.9 million subscribers and has long been considered the natural buyer for Cablevision's cable assets because of their proximity to Time Warner's stronghold in Manhattan.
"This culture that is mingling in our society has no justification," said Marwan Muasher, the deputy prime minister, speaking of the suicide bombers.
We're not doing anything different I haven't done in years past.
The protests were organized by the peasants themselves, Mr. Camacho and others say.
Opponents of the waivers also pointed to Congressional testimony last year in which a senior Pentagon official, in response to questions, offered no examples of complaints involving existing environmental laws.
"I ate very rapidly and I was 20 pounds overweight."
The co-op has a strategy for reducing the maintenance, but it is not yet final.
It fits easily into a car trunk and assembles in a couple of minutes.
Parks and Mr. Mack from the lawsuit.)
'The New York Dirty Room, 2005' Maccarone Inc. 45 Canal Street, Lower East Side Through August The story of American art in the 1960's and 70's was one of unfinished business, of movements or trends -- Photo-Realism, Pattern and Decoration, Earth Art -- that got rolling only to be sidelined by the shifting enthusiasms of a restless market.
At least seven people were reported killed in the state.
Set largely in the 1990's at the height of Sudan's civil war, "Acts of Faith" draws upon Mr. Caputo's firsthand knowledge of war (documented in his ferociously observed Vietnam memoir "A Rumor of War") and firsthand reportorial experience of Africa to tell the fictional story of two Americans who have come to Sudan to create new lives for themselves.
8 P.M. (ESPN Classic) 2004 WORLD SERIES OF POKER -- The city is Las Vegas.
Florida Forever land acquisition program, $150 million of revenue bonds.
James was there to set screens, grab rebounds and play defense.
Even when his line afforded him time to set his feet, it appeared that Hasselbeck was hearing footsteps; with 61 seconds left in the first half, he hurried a long lead pass to Amani Toomer, who had beaten his defender, and overthrew him.
The bait includes small initial down payments, slick marketing -- and parties.
"If it's only approximate, it's better not to do it at all.
At the very heart of it stood "Just One of Those Things," Cole Porter's regret-free, laughing-it-off epitaph to a love affair that passes like a streak of lightning: "It was great fun, but it was just one of those things."
"I'm always described as 'cocksure' or 'with a swagger,"' said the actor Ben Affleck, "and that bears no resemblance to who I feel like inside.
The series finale is preceded, at 8, by "The Last Laugh," a one-hour special of interviews and highlights.
The Federal Reserve suggested in March that Citigroup should put off making any "significant" acquisitions for the near term while management tightens the bank's controls, and J.P. Morgan is still preoccupied with assimilating its merger with Bank One.
Shojo comics in America are mostly translated from Japanese originals, and like all manga are meant to be read back to front, right to left.
In the United States, activity was limited until 2002, when a breakthrough in the wireless market allowed short text messages to be sent among customers of the major cellular carriers.
Ryan Bradley, 10, of Tampa, said he enjoyed most of the show but was "grossed out" by certain parts.
"By acting swiftly and deliberately to respond to the court's concerns, the commission will facilitate better decision-making and ultimately serve the interests of fund shareholders," he said.
Her name became synonymous with the best clubs on both sides of the Atlantic.
Funeral service will be private and a memorial service will be held in the fall.
I have just two problems with the A3.
The conclave begins on April 18.
Thomas Mallon's most recent novels are "Bandbox" and "Two Moons."
To the Editor: Re "All Cultures Are Not Equal," by David Brooks (column, Aug. 11): Kudos to Mr. Brooks for pointing out that there are many enduring cultural differences among the peoples of this planet and intimating that not all of them are necessarily "equally wonderful."
Zagoria said China would be open to a rapprochement.
Unlike Ennis, Jake Gyllenhaal's doe-eyed Jack Twist wears desire as openly as pain.
But because the Getty is, in fact, a museum, we met with some resistance from the younger generation.
The intellectual debates among Canadian academics in Denys Arcand's "BARBARIAN INVASIONS" (2003) echo Mr. Sondheim's cultivated, subtext-loaded conversational lyrics; his elegant, aristocratic sensibility finds a corollary in Stanley Kubrick's "BARRY LYNDON" (1975).
That clearly has not worked.
"You want the biggest you can get, and you want it frozen."
If there were a face in the bull's-eye in this political battle, it would be Mr. Smith's.
Graham's costumes and Isamu Noguchi's sets make striking pictures, and Fang-Yi Sheu and Martin Lofsnes danced with drama and conviction.
Mr. Kaye did not return several calls to his office seeking comment.
"He was saying, 'Come on, baby brother.
Bookings at Kuoni Switzerland, a travel agency in Zurich, dropped between 30 and 40 percent in the first quarter of this year compared with the same period last year, according to a company spokesperson, Andrea Hemmi.
Now we're both retired and living on fixed incomes.
Admission for all days, $10; under 16, free.
It's a mischievous scene, charged with both horror-flick suspense and a more complex menace that calls to mind late Henry James.
If alcoholism is a physical addiction, then it's intimately tied to the mysterious nexus of mind and body.
They said the two men had volunteered specific information about the terrorist groups they supported.
(Although perceived as a disappointment, "Madagascar" was a hit -- earning more than $185 million so far at the domestic box office and doing well overseas.)
An Army spokesman said he could not verify Sergeant Balkissoon's military history because the Army's personnel office was closed for the weekend.
On Thursday, he added, he was with the prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, and asked him when the Palestinian security services would finally be reformed.
The gasoline stations would be assessed a charge of $1,200 to $1,500 each.
The researchers asked parents in western Kenya to allow them to test their children for malaria.
Walter O'Malley looked steadily at Robert Moses.
1 CONTEMPORARY ART CENTER (22-25 Jackson Avenue, at 46th Street, Long Island City, Queens, 718-784-2084), which runs through Dec. 5, and her New York stage debut in Sarah Kane's "4:48 PSYCHOSE."
They don't work in this context.
The man, Allan Cameron, was arraigned on charges of first-degree murder in the shooting of Officer Dillon Stewart and attempted murder in the shooting of an off-duty officer, Wiener Philippe.
Sweetney was the Knicks' first-round pick, the ninth over all, in the 2003 draft.
Mr. Hellaby, 51, is the manager of Rockwell Art and Framing in Norwalk and an artist and sculptor.
Viewing hours are Wednesday through Sunday, noon to 4:30.
In a statement, Dr. Galson praised Dr. Dal Pan as "eminently qualified to take on the challenge of leading this vitally important office."
The series takes viewers to fishing boats on the Bering Sea, off the coast of Alaska, where men hoping to earn big money are searching for Alaskan king crab in what a Discovery Channel publicity release calls "the world's deadliest job -- where a man could die every week -- the most macho of manly occupations."
Some political analysts even see a new, antileft alliance forming between Mr. Fox's party and the old governing party he defeated in 2000, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, an idea leaders of both parties deny.
So confident is Japan in its trains' safety that there are no restrictions on how close residential buildings can be erected next to tracks: it is not rare to see them only three feet apart.
I stopped into the cathedral, another Niemeyer masterpiece, shaped like a flower or a crown of thorns, dug into the ground.
And our obligations include a prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment, or cruel, inhumane -- you know the list -- punishment."
Mrs. Pollack, 28, works in New York as the director of fund-raising and alumni relations for the University of Pennsylvania, from which she and the bridegroom, 29, graduated.
The Khanaqin hospital overflowed with victims, and many of the injured had to be rushed outside the town for treatment.
Dogs and cats share something else with their human companions: a weight problem.
So, Ms. Elon headed to Paterson in what seemed like a quixotic quest; she had no idea how to spell the family's last name, at least not in English.
Dropping temperatures demand robust food that heats the body to its chilled bone: thick soups, roasts, stews.
In 1951, he was recalled to the Army during the Korean War and returned to the firm 18 months later.
Unlike concierge doctors, though, fee-for-service doctors do not enter into a formal legal contract with patients that enumerates the services patients will receive for the money.
Inside, the place has all the charm and elegance of a check-cashing joint, and hardly anything has been changed since 2000, which was the year the store's proprietor, DJ Screw, overdosed on the intoxicant he helped popularize: prescription cough syrup.
That is equal to an annualized increase of more than 6 percent.
He is Rod Koborsi, not Kaborsi.
For the first 20 seasons after the N.F.L.
For those of us who have been trying to come to terms with the death a week ago of Nate Fisher (Peter Krause), the hero of HBO's "Six Feet Under," last night's ambitious episode of the upper-middlebrow melodrama offered several alternative ways to grieve.
HASS--William on June 16, 2005 at age 87.
But in fact, Tennessee is one of only 12 states that do not require proof of legal residence to drive legally, according to the National Immigration Law Center.
"From my standpoint, I want to wear everything," says Dell, who today is dressed in a black tank dress that shows off her triceps, and chunky wedge lace-ups straight off the fall runway.
"We now need a pragmatic solution that deals with the immediate overshoot, and with good will on all sides, we can do this."
A Pakistani official said security concerns on both sides were slowing the opening.
(Mr. Peterson was not involved in the fight.)
Ms. Velázquez's other songs, none of which rivaled the success of "Bésame Mucho," include "Amar y Vivir" ("To Love and to Live") and "Verdad Amarga" ("Bitter Truth").
"Opponents of the death penalty are trying to change the debate," said Ward A. Campbell, a supervising deputy state attorney general in Sacramento.
Considering that the Red Storm won only three games in the Big East last season, that goal may be unrealistic.
ROCHELLE and Kai So and their children left New Rochelle two years ago to escape the high cost of living in Westchester.
is growing at 8 to 10 percent, it provides a huge source of incremental demand for other Asian countries selling to domestic Chinese consumers," said Ben Walker, a manager of international equity funds at Gartmore Investment Management.
Casanova managed to escape the city's prison.
The optimists fared better psychologically even when they became more ill -- shattering the illusion of control.
Traffic signs and signals should be made large, simple and as clear as possible.
"We have had thousands of customers who were delayed and waiting for buses," Mr. Brucker said.
"Hey, it's always a party in my apartment," Mr. Schweller said with a shrug.
Every time Haman's name was mentioned, the boys swung noisemakers and stomped feet.
Mr. Lourey and Mr. Scott were with the First Squadron, 17th Cavalry, 82nd Airborne Division.
It's like having a body with no bottom," she adds, using a Somali expression.
One reason to be tentative, many economists say, is that monetary conditions have changed markedly.
The Yankees kept Vladimir Guerrero, the most dangerous Angels hitter, from driving in any runs in the series.
So it was hardly surprising that some of the flaws heard during the rehearsals proved to be systemic and persisted into the concert.
Last year at Roland Garros, after another early exit by Davenport and another knee injury, a lot of people wondered if her days at the top of the game were numbered.
"The piece is about one agricultural cycle," Ms. Bon said.
Many hospital executives say some orthopedic and cardiovascular operations, once a major profit center, have become a marginal, even money-losing, endeavor.
"The Pentagon Papers being the biggest one, and it still got let out."
At Aon, based in Chicago, net income climbed to $200 million, or 59 cents a share, from $170 million, or 51 cents, a year earlier.
The final bill relies on postal services instead.
It's impossible to watch the thousands of emperor penguins huddled together against the icy Antarctic blasts in Luc Jacquet's documentary film "March of the Penguins" without feeling a tug of anthropomorphic kinship.
According to one recent academic study, when Wal-Mart enters a market, prices decrease by 8 percent in rural areas and 5 percent in urban areas.
"Nurses from little towns in Bulgaria acting as agents of Mossad?"
Reservations may also be made online at http://reservations.nps.gov/parklist.cfm or by calling Channel Islands National Park at 805-658-5730.
Habibullah Khan, a candidate from the Garmser district in Helmand Province, was killed when his car hit a land mine, said the deputy police chief of Helmand, Col. Muhammad Ayub.
But Bellamy Road, who finished seventh in the Kentucky Derby, showed that he had returned to health and the razor-sharp form of his 17 1/2-length victory in the Wood Memorial.
Alas, your being a hard-pressed student does not relieve you of this obligation.
Contributions in her memory may be made to The Group for the South Fork, PO Box 569, Bridgehampton, NY 11932-0569.
The strange young woman (Zhongyang Qi) who had assembled the pile grabs a brick and clobbers him on the head, landing him in the hospital.
These new pieces are self-portraits: the cast shadows depict the artists' heads or naked bodies in profile and, lacking the colorful trash of previous efforts, these pieces create a dour mood.
Q: At a time when so many Europeans are critical of our government, what is it like to be the official American representative to the 2005 Venice Biennale, the gargantuan art fair opening this weekend?
RUTGERS -- Announced sophomore men's basketball G Courtney Nelson transferred from Richmond.
According to Blog Pulse from Intelliseek, which measures blog links, Mr. Loy's was the most frequently cited nonnews source among hurricane-related blogs.
"Personally, I don't like them," said Kimberly, waving a hand at the curtains flapping nearby in the wind.
But while celebratory, she said, the tie-dye -- a symbol of nature-loving, now a cliché -- also suggests something unnatural in the air, like chemicals or smog.
The delay this time was of the prosecutors' own doing.
Mr. Arroyo has a point.
Both counties and several smaller municipalities are considering similar bills, as have some other New York towns and cities.
The Beatles are the most famous rock group that has ever existed or ever will exist.
Set a century later, "Rebellion" depicts a society that appears more settled but is, as the hero discovers, no less treacherous and no more forgiving of perceived transgressions.
The problem is that, even without the hurricane, the federal government's underlying fiscal health is in poor shape.
"The comfort we're demanding of our public spaces is much greater and it is on a trajectory."
On those little climbs, especially the St. Ferréol Hill, 9 kilometers (5.6 miles) from the finish, the attacking group splintered, and four men were left for a sprint to the line.
The Hases had a wonderful weekend.
(Photo by Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times)
Mr. Raabe's arrangements were thoughtful, even erudite: he opted for the original dance-band version of "Singing in the Rain" instead of the swankier and more famous big-band scoring, and his version of "Happy Days Are Here Again," calling for five-part vocal harmonies that evoke the Comedian Harmonists, was light-years distant from the more typical use of the song these days, as a tub-thumper at political conventions.
Nothing in Ankiel's career was the same after that.
What I'm asking you, there's no fact situation before you about whether or not a person, fully mentally capable of making a decision, chooses to say: "I no longer want this feeding tube in my stomach.
"I love my daughters," Namath had said earlier in the day.
Research indicates that individuals can accurately predict a stranger's sexual orientation at levels above chance when presented with minimal information.
In each episode, a willing but unhappy victim is mercilessly critiqued by a pair of loved ones and a professional stylist.
In a year when he referred to an umpire with a gay slur, in a season when he nearly fought with a Davis Cup opponent, Hewitt also revealed the depths of his inner control freak.
"I visualized actually winning the game and holding up the trophy and getting hit by confetti and having all of our fans getting excited and it being chilly out there and the snow on the ground," McNabb told reporters Friday.
"I really believe this is great," Beltran said.
None of that discourages Mr. Mello.
The Board of Trustees and staff of the Heckscher Museum of Art are saddened by the loss of Bert.
The announcement came a day after Kenya's anti-corruption czar, John Githongo, resigned out of frustration with continuing graft in the government.
UNITARIAN SOCIETY OF RIDGEWOOD "Italian Sketchbook," exhibition of paintings and prints by Bryan Collins.
If natural gas were used, the increase would still be nearly two million tons.
It's like a dichotomy, and the body's expected to move between the two.
At the end of June, during a $1 million renovation of the church, Father Grange had the eye of God painted brown.
These friends and foes are equally mistaken.
Delphi agreed to buy the material back later, while recording almost $300 million from those transactions, the complaint states.
(Her flagship store was expected to reopen last week in the high-end Gaysorn Plaza mall, and you can preview her designs at TG-170 and Albertine in New York, and at Milk in Los Angeles.)
We are not going to see the robust growth of the late 90's.
The company's consulting veterinarian, Larry J. Nieman of Norwalk, has also sent a copy of an advisory notice, titled "Canine Influenza Virus Detected in Dogs in New York State," to 100 veterinarians in Westchester, Rockland and northern New Jersey.
You may recall a few days ago when this column reported a joke that HENRY SCHLEIFF, of Court TV, told about poisoned mushrooms.
"They've really caught on in the last year," said the gallery owner Bernard Toale, whose space at 450 Harrison Avenue, (617) 482-2477, www.bernardtoalegallery.com, recently showed intricate wire and fabric constructions from the New York sculptor Lesley Dill.
He said Mr. Callahan continued to receive phone calls through the week despite the absence of service in most of the city.
A petition drive has amassed more than a thousand signatures, and residents in large numbers -- more than a hundred at times -- have been making their unhappiness known at meetings of the borough council and the county freeholders since before Christmas, arguing that the new facility would attract drug dealers to a park 800 feet away and would lower property values.
Mr. Gates's brother, Curtis -- a former high school basketball star whose grades kept him from attending a four-year college --came to a similarly bleak end.
"It's a blot on the whole county, not just the town," he said.
"Either they couldn't afford to live where they were, or their own building had burned down."
It is two, including the 1985 Chicago Bears, not one.
Before we get to the cleaning instructions, how usual are these dead plants?
Last month, John J. Rigas, the founder of Adelphia Communications who was convicted of stealing, was sentenced to 15 years in prison although he is 80 years old and has a heart ailment.
Such conversations are most effective when they are focused on the mission of the organization, rather than on its own institutional needs, said Judy Levine, a senior associate at the New York-based nonprofit group Cause Effective, an organization that advises other nonprofits how to raise funds and retain supporters.
Treading carefully to avoid disparaging the country's commitment to treat prisoners with dignity, he said he would begin a comprehensive review of Sweden's prison system and build a bunker-style prison for the most violent offenders, though that plan has been abandoned.
Among Mr. Bolton's supporters, Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, was among those who urged the Senate to cast aside the Democratic objections and vote on Thursday in favor of the nomination.
8 p.m., Barbes, 376 Ninth Street, at Sixth Avenue, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718) 965-9177; cover, $8.
Allergan shares fell 2.6 percent.
They even called us back via star-69 once to clarify our order.
He adds: “To get the Eagle Scout rank, a boy has to do a service project.
But in this musical version of "THE PRINCESS AND THE PEA," the cast member that viewers will be watching most is CAROL BURNETT as the controlling Queen Aggravain.
Free skating, skate rental included, follows; new, unwrapped toys will be collected for Toys for Tots.
I threw myself into every singles bar in my area code but always left as alone as I'd entered, and for months my personal real estate languished on the market.
Hotel diplomacy involves checking with other hotel executives to find out about the little things world leaders like -- the soap, for example.
"But you'll vote for me anyway.
But with land in most of Manhattan starting at $150 a square foot, the price of the property would be a minimum of $22.5 million.
And "The Eye of the Storm"?
THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 3-13-05: CONSUMED E-mail: consumed@nytimes.com.
"I'm here to assure you that our city is prepared to handle these situations," the mayor said, briefly addressing the failure before an event at the Simon Wiesenthal Center.
Elizabeth Yeampierre, executive director of Uprose, a community group in a low-income area of Brooklyn, said that shut-offs seemed excessive, even if aimed at the rich.
This was the belief of Faith Charles, a partner in the law firm Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky & Popeo, who had grown weary of the classic networking places -- golf courses, basketball games, and once, an auto show.
In a move that surprised many who knew him, Mr. Johnson took the helm of the decorating company his brother left to him, deciding not only to keep the business open, despite the loss of its principal designer and figurehead, but to run it.
Charles Siebert's article (July 24) about the sanctuaries for retired chimps left me feeling anguish, shame, joy and hope.
In lieu of flowers, expressions of sympathy can be made in her memory to Lutheran Social Services--LSSNY, 475 Riverside Ave., New York, NY 10115 which helps thousands in the City every year.
The following year, Schlesinger made it to clerk, a promotion he later attributed to the good impression he made dancing with the partners' wives at the annual holiday party.
Their songs combine a strong love of their country with a deep resentment toward those who have oppressed and exploited it, whether insiders or outsiders.
Outside, it was blustery and bitterly cold; many of the passes of the White Mountains, of which Tora Bora forms a part, were already blocked by snow.
I hitched some rides and supplemented travel with public buses down the coast.
As he gets better, our whole team is going to get better."
She drinks wine from her 2,000-bottle cellar out of Riedel glasses and cooks on a six-burner Thermador.
In public life here, the BBC, sometimes nicknamed Auntie or simply the Beeb, plays a central role as newscaster and entertainer, and custodian of what Ms. Jowell called Britain's national collective memory.
To the Editor: Finally, a discussion of decreased social mobility that looks beyond schooling.
until May 2004, 15 months after they featured prominently in Secretary of State Colin L. Powell's address to the United Nations Security Council that made the case for war.
"I think I have brought a different light to some of the young guys.
In a meeting last week with reporters from regional newspapers, Mr. Bush said that he wanted Congress to approve changes in Social Security in "the first five months of this year."
In 1982, a convention of feminists booed him because he had voted against liberalizing abortion rights.
The top ones show fading scenes of Dreamland Tower and Shooting the Chute; the bottom ones are brilliant glossies of late vintage such that you might be on that wall, too.
Her much valued guidance and leadership will be sorely missed.
Add tomato paste, chopped tomatoes and any juice.
Ian Schrager and Aby Rosen are collaborating on a project that will combine town houses and condos at 32 Bond Street, a site they acquired several years ago.
"It was like a Bollywood movie.
Were all these purloined plants quickly sold off for cash?
Place on a flat dish and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Some residents have returned, but one segment is conspicuous by its absence.
DEPLORING the overemphasis on technique in dance has become a cliché sentiment, but that doesn't mean it isn't true.
Julie Kent as the pirate's love, Medora, is a remarkable dancer, clean and pure and strong in her every move, but she's cold onstage.
But mainly, it is the children of Knapp Charter Academy, the ones who call her Grandma Shirley, that fill her life.
"You must be referring to my despair."
In the end, Ms. Halbreich settled on a one-year salary freeze, and, in May 2003, eliminated the Walker's new-media art program and the job of its curator, Steve Dietz.
Scenic Hudson, a nonprofit environmental group and land trust, has proposed restoring part of the Pocantico River to its historic route through what is now the northwest corner of the G.M.
Martin Scorsese directed, and the flying scenes are spectacular.
Al Sharpton and Representative Charles B. Rangel of Harlem -- who support the stadium for its job-creation potential.
Any notes the cardinals keep must be handed over and burned, although a permanent record of the proceedings is kept in the secret archives.
Tens of millions of dollars have been spent by both sides.
It appears again as a levitating dwelling in a large collage that defines the landscape mostly with coarse bark and dried flowers.
The network starts few seasons in the fall, because it broadcasts postseason baseball for a month then, holding back its best shows for the winter.
So much had gone Rutgers's way.
PAGE 49 ONLINE A Real Estate Blog A new blog, The Walk-Through, covers the residential real estate scene, with news, trends and tidbits from markets all across the country.
"How to contain China is the common thread."
Chinook helicopters from Singapore also flew along the coast.
HELSINKI, Finland, Aug. 6 - If Adam Nelson ever does troll for sponsors again on eBay, he will have a much better self-promotional pitch to make.
Among them were Linda Duplechain of Arnaudville, La., near Lafayette, a store manager, who, with her husband, Mike, joined 100 neighbors, all with boats, in a convoy to New Orleans in the wee hours.
The yacht club, established in 1952 on an estate designed by Stanford White, was given the right to build the residences -- efficiency apartments that would be leased to members from April 1 to Nov. 1 annually -- in a 1985 rezoning plan, said Mark C. Zauderer, the club's lawyer.
But now activists like Greenpeace are warning that in Hubei, genetically engineered rice has prematurely seeped into a corner of China's food system.
Complicated, but still her oyster and her garden as well.
So House Speaker Carl Albert, a Democrat, was next in line.
But even his detractors acknowledge that Mr. Blunkett's political journey has been unique in modern British politics.
Sales of recorded music in the United States are on the rise for the first time in four years.
The most obvious explanation is that investors simply think the economy is weaker than Fed officials do.
Akio Morita, who founded Sony in 1946, lived for extended periods in New York.
NEW YORK METS--Agreed to terms with INF Julio Franco on a two-year contract.
It restricted them to viewing Mets games on Channel 11.
In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolk, a pinch of salt and lemon juice.
Some survivors drank champagne and gave relaxed interviews on Canadian television.
Lt. John Galan, 44, was seriously burned while battling the fire and was admitted to NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center, the Fire Department said.
The other nations include Bolivia, Cambodia, Ecuador, Jamaica, Sudan, Togo and Venezuela.
I think people will start to leave who would never have done so two or three years ago."
A former investment bank executive who posed as a Saudi princess pleaded guilty in State Supreme Court yesterday to grand larceny and insurance fraud.
The investigation comes at a time when David Horowitz, a conservative commentator and president of the Center for the Study of Popular Culture, has been lobbying more than a dozen state legislatures to pass an "Academic Bill of Rights" that he says would encourage free debate and protect students against discrimination for expressing their political beliefs.
At the same time, chemotherapy and hormonal therapy with tamoxifen, which blocks the effects of estrogen that can fuel breast cancer, had come on the scene, and their use had spread rapidly.
Then the man waved the remote control, and his face turned bright red.
The 40-acre 1900 farm has a pretty white frame house and the next stage of animal muscle -- draft horses.
agent in part, and without apology, to avoid going to Korea.
KH 15D, they found, was not experiencing any eclipses back then.
"Osteen is the first to heal the scars in televangelism," Dr. Wolfe said.
"They found a pilot, and some others to overpower the plane.
Boldface indicates major legal holidays, on which stopping, standing and parking rules are suspended, except where they are normally in effect seven days a week.
Brokers: Manzoni; Re/Max North Shore.
and Texas cemented their spots in the national championship game with blowout victories Saturday.
Linden did not respond to e-mail messages seeking comment.
Not just studios and one-bedrooms; not just in low-income neighborhoods; and not just outside Manhattan.
Though he had lately grown fond of Dilophosaurus, the spitting one, the T. Rex was no longer his favorite.
I nearly bought the ballerina flats anyway; they're more affordable than the supple leather driving moccasins at J.P. Tod's, my only other option.
But the well-executed (albeit kitschy) presentations are informative, including a special exhibit, "The Enemy Within: Terror in America -- 1776 to Today," which costs $4 extra (or $5 for the exhibit alone).
And within a few weeks, I was walking down the road.
After reading the article, students conduct a round-table discussion on the topic of student violence in schools.
Around the rest of the state, it's like us, and then there's New Orleans.
There's no guarantee, however, that greater capacity will bring more travelers.
The parents say that they have learned valuable parenting skills and that their children are better behaved.
The other ones had already signed on.
Sometime before then, they should get Crawford, Sweetney and Tim Thomas back.
Peer pressure is so omnipotent that assurances by their parents that the high school pecking order is no indication of their future status don't help.
To the Editor: Re: "Is Old Penn Station's Killer Significant?
Johnson, like his successors, was obsessed with stopping leaks to the press.
In 1980, the National Association of Olmsted Parks was formed in Boston, with Mr. McLaughlin as a founding member.
He added that he sympathized with prosecutors' fears.
Arthur C. Danto, the art critic of The Nation, has been described as "the most widely read and cited critic of the last decade or so."
In January, USA Today reported that the federal Education Department had paid a conservative columnist, Armstrong Williams, $240,000 to promote the No Child Left Behind education law.
A15 Wet Winter Threatens West Record rain and snow over the winter have created problems in the Southwest.
NEW ORLEANS - A CRUDE symbol has surfaced in New Orleans to displace for now the fleur-de-lis, the crescent and the string of beads.
at Yale University, where he studied with the formalist painter Josef Albers.
The complaint said that in those meetings, which were recorded, Mr. Shah agreed to provide training in martial arts and hand-to-hand combat to Qaeda members and associates, while Dr. Sabir agreed to provide medical assistance to wounded jihadists in Saudi Arabia, the statement said.
"We consider these guys tactical athletes," said Col. Robert Granville, one of two orthopedic surgeons who care for the amputees at Brooke, "and we are trying to return them as near as possible to their pre-injury state of function.
"He had to try the case with one witness, and not the best witness," Mr. Peikin said.
Is it possible that the exhaustingly prolific Richard Greenberg has been even busier than anyone suspected?
Federal monitors have overseen the association's operations as part of a plea agreement for its role in a 2003 tax-evasion scandal involving several mutuel clerks.
We're not just talking about campaign contributions, although Mr. Noe's contributions ranged so widely that five of the state's seven Supreme Court justices had to recuse themselves from cases associated with the scandal.
Other antiwar clips are tucked away even further.
We support the school bake sale.
In 1970's Kabul, a boy betrays the son of his father's servant, and years later returns from America to see how his friend fared under the Taliban.
Something about its success hinges on the quality of the service.
The Exclusion Act, repealed in 1943 when China became America's ally in World War II, was the culmination of decades of anti-Chinese sentiment in the aftermath of an economic depression that resulted in mob violence and lynching.
There are several good names and some thoughtful artwork, but the exhibition organizer, an art dealer named Reyna Henaine, has chosen to include works (almost a third, perhaps) from her gallery stock -- most of which are listed for sale.
The latest generation of New York players are creating a system of their own to get movies seen.
The Stockholm players sounded best in the Prokofiev Fifth Symphony on Sunday.
"I was fairly meticulous," she said.
Although whooping cough has declined over the years in the United States, waning immunity has led to recent outbreaks in middle schools and high schools.
In addition to Mr. Kimmitt and Mr. Adams, the Senate approved nominations of Randal Quarles to be undersecretary for domestic finance, who is responsible for managing the government's burgeoning issuance and trading of Treasury securities; Sandra Pack, who will be assistant secretary for management; and Kevin I. Fromer, to be the department's head of legislative affairs.
Chancellor Klein said that two other unions -- the Council of School Supervisors and Administrators and District Council 37 -- would also help with the campaign.
"It's too much," said Stacy Sher, a producer of the Universal project.
Mr. Houldsworth declined to be interviewed yesterday.
It's a serious situation because we're dealing with one of the biggest transportation systems in the world.
Mendelssohn's "Elijah"; Lori Engle and Sarah Pillow, sopranos; Desirée Baxter and Sarah Blaze, altos; Daniel Cucura and Forbes Woods, tenors; Daniel Alexander and John Trout, basses; with orchestra; John Weaver, organist and conductor.
Exactly the sort of place where my grandparents, my parents, and my uncles and aunts thrived.
Waived KR J.J. Moses and DE Antonio Smith.
In response to Mr. Spitzer's comments, Stephen J. Minarik III, chairman of the state Republican Party, said: "New Yorkers want leadership, not rhetoric, which is why they continue to support Governor Pataki.".
A study by Spanish researchers shows that females of a type of starling decorate their nest with scavenged feathers in a way that is likely to be a signal to potential mates.
Santorum rarely argues from a purely religious viewpoint.
The researchers interviewed proxies, usually surviving spouses, to gather information about pain, depression, delirium and difficulties in breathing or eating at life's end.
It's obvious what women see in men behind bars: most of the murderers and rapists Daphne Merkin cites in her Aug. 28 essay have one key factor in common, and it's not just that they are convicted perpetrators of hideous crimes.
The great majority are the product of "carpetbaggers" (paint-on-demand purveyors who've created an underground economy based on quick cash and illegal alcohol), but also a handful of art advisers, Mr. Klingender said.
SOUTHEAST MISSOURI STATE -- Named Craig Wederquist defensive line coach and Joe Don Rogers defensive secondary coach.
Someone should move these shows out of the studio and into the waiting room.
A Jordanian man denied entry to the United States in 2003 when he landed at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, for example, is believed to have carried out a suicide bombing 20 months later in Hilla, Iraq, killing 125 people, according to a memo by the Homeland Security Department published last month by The Associated Press.
The leader in geek phones is the Palm Treo, a hefty, good-sounding phone.
"We didn't want to take the first or second one we saw and say, 'What if?"'
Based on emphatic precedent, high-profile marriages like these never work at Madison Square Garden, or most places, for that matter.
However, it is still unclear how valuable these particular young viewers will be to those advertisers.
Mr. Popov's legal bills alone were estimated at more than $640,000.
The winner will have more power than previous mayors.
"His thinking was that he wanted to leave the impression of the commentary, rather than of a talking head," Mr. Deaver said.
Correction Appended Tarik Shah, one of two men charged last weekend with conspiring to aid Al Qaeda, was ordered held without bond yesterday in Manhattan federal court, as one of his lawyers said the government had singled him out for being a Muslim.
"When you go on for someone and do a good job, it's often overlooked, because that's your job; that's what's expected of you."
Our forward-looking mayor, David E. Kapell, envisioned this family-centered amusement as the focal point of his planned waterfront restoration, which was accomplished despite protests that the carousel was not in keeping with this nautical site.
We join in celebrating a life well lived.
(When herd immunity works, the uninfected have benefited from a combination of preventive medicine and dumb luck.)
Ms. Sorstokke encountered another difficult situation when she took over a construction contracting division with the same company in New Jersey in 1987.
And during an interview with Gabe Pressman of WNBC to be shown today, Mr. Ferrer called for a ballot measure on the stadium this fall.
The university has 5,000 students in eight schools, with campuses in Newark, Camden, New Brunswick/Piscataway, and Stratford.
Christie's estimates the table will sell for $150,000 to $250,000.
It bears the aesthetic thumbprints of Favela Chic, the Paris club-restaurant that has also produced popular mixtape CD's of Brazilian samba-funk; the album's producer is Gringo da Parada, the Brazilian who started the club.
Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is famous for conducting high-profile investigations of big business that are settled before trial.
I had always heard, and believed, that the jury's brief deliberation had been a mere formality.
She was a wonderful friend, a generous and devoted aunt, loyal and loving sister who touched many lives, and she will be truly missed by all who knew her, especially her family and friends in the United Kingdom and United States.
Recent Sale $119.5 million Metropolitan Center Route 3 East Rutherford, N.J.
Yasser al-Sabawi was also cited last year by Iraqi security officials as being among those wanted for the kidnapping and beheading of Nicholas Berg, a 26-year-old American.
Oppenheimer's 18.4 million shares would weigh mighty heavily on that market; so would Fidelity's 10.3 million shares.
Members of the Tampa staff will also attend, including the general partner Steve Swindal, the senior vice president Mark Newman and the vice presidents Billy Connors, Bill Emslie and Damon Oppenheimer.
(Laura Sinagra) THE BRAVERY (Monday and Tuesday) Currently braving a bit of a backlash, this muscular band was New York's Next Big Post-Strokes thing until rumored ego issues provoked skepticism among downtown fans.
"People in my circle, they don't look at food as, you know, too much fat in it," Mr. Wilson said.
Tickets: $10; $5 with two cans of food.
The Reids have a book called "The Next Exit" that describes activities off all the nation's Interstates, and they plan to average 150 miles a day, at 6 to 10 miles on a gallon of gas, before someday buying a house in East Texas.
MUSEUM OF TELEVISION AND RADIO, 25 West 52nd Street, Manhattan.
20 Bay Park, Hewlett Point: Ed Ryan Band, traditional Irish music.
My own experience covering the military suggests a different approach to the issue.
"It was like a job interview."
The article also misstated the inspiration for Johnson's design for the College of Architecture at the University of Houston.
Dylan Malone Everett, Wash., Jan. 10, 2005
The non-sushi menu holds two nabemonos, or quick-cooked stews, that are fine with a qualifier.
The encouraging news is that the G.A.O.
We have children going to school here."
Mr. Murphy won 34 percent of the vote in a three-way race with Ms. Frye and Ron Roberts, a county supervisor.
When they choked up, their words broke in the street.
Despite many early successes, fish species have dwindled or disappeared, PCB's still poison the river bottom, recreational access to the water is extremely limited, and pollutants continue to pour into what television commentator Bill Moyers called "America's first river."
"Hunger made us all think that it eat delecious," Lewis wrote.
Who, they wonder, would choose to have a child under such unhygienic circumstances unless they had made a series of catastrophically unwise (and unmagisterial!)
The Social Security Act called for the government to offer modest unemployment benefits and to provide immediate assistance to poor older people.
2," five discs, $49.95; "Errol Flynn Signature Collection," six discs, $59.95; "The King Kong Collection," four discs, $39.98; "The Wizard of Oz" Collector's Edition, three discs, $49.98.
There was no place to sit except the dining room chairs.
"Democratic freedoms cannot flourish unless our hemisphere also builds a prosperity whose benefits are widely shared," Mr. Bush told the Organization of American States in April 2001.
The science faculty is miffed that a long-promised new building never seems to be built.
"There are people living where they never have before," he said.
After the Richmond case, he went on to take part in integration cases of the 1970's affecting schools in Detroit and Dayton, Ohio, among others.
Authorities and executives from foreign energy companies described the incident as an isolated act, by an individual extremist.
These Asian films are often associated with Western counterparts: the so-called Eurotrash work of filmmakers like Jess Franco of Spain ("Vampyros Lesbos," 1971) and Lucio Fulci of Italy ("The Beyond," 1981), or the American exploitation films of the 60's and 70's, by directors like Doris Wishman ("Nude on the Moon," 1962) or Herschell Gordon Lewis ("Two Thousand Maniacs!," 1964).
Michael York, the British actor, was there, and so too were the model Lauren Hutton and the actress Cate Blanchett, who made a speech to inaugurate the pavilion of her native Australia.
"We're in that five-year period now.
James hasn't progressed very well at school, and that makes it even more difficult for him."
Excerpts of Ms. Pelosi's remarks show that she plans to emphasize Democratic skepticism about Mr. Bush's efforts to change Social Security so workers could place some money into personal investment accounts rather than pay into the existing retirement program.
Lower the oven to 200 degrees and bake for an hour more.
But as W. Mark Lanier, the lawyer representing the Ernst family, seeks to convince a jury that Merck should be punished for Mr. Ernst's death, he is counting on Ms. Ernst to be among his most effective weapons in proving that Vioxx was dangerous.
If there is a saving problem lately, it is in large part a tax problem in disguise.
In 2008, each county would face a decision: continue to pay New York the 2007 base amount, plus up to a 3 percent growth factor; or pay the state its 2007 base amount from its sales tax revenue plus a cost that is equivalent to the rate of growth of the sales tax in that county.
"There are two kinds of leaders," Ms. Wolaner said.
Retirees make co-payments for visits to the doctor and a $5 co-payment for each prescription, with total payments far below the norm.
Day cruises are $25 a person; sunset cruises are $30.
The measure has been one of the White House's legislative priorities since 2001, when Mr. Bush, who got his start in business as a Texas oilman, put Vice President Dick Cheney, a former chairman of the oilfield services company Halliburton, in charge of developing recommendations for addressing the nation's energy needs.
He works alongside engineers whom he battled with during the Columbia mission, he said, and "we have a congenial working relationship."
We have to remind him we held the heart in our hands."
LenDale White has emerged as a stronger and more powerful runner.
It was the first assassination of a National Assembly member since the elections on Jan. 30.
Markus Dochantschi, a New York architect, concurred.
Although J1mmy and other sleuths did not crack a second, shorter sentence that is part of the message, they clearly took glee in beating the system as much as they had.
Some are quite full, with their string arrangements, but even where they are spindly, Mr. Richter has found exactly the sound palette that Ms. Bunyan needs.
Nearly a month after the devastating hurricane took the homes and jobs of thousands of people in Mississippi and Louisiana, a stack of little things have begun to fray the nerves and test the strength of towns and families overwhelmed by the scores of newcomers in their midst.
His guests have included the governor of Pennsylvania, Edward G. Rendell, and members of Martelli's office staff.
Five years ago, state voters rejected a transportation bond issue mainly because upstate residents thought it was skewed to help New York City.
"Given an environment that lets people sit for hours and hours a day, they will," he said.
Ms. Strasburg has a family event to attend this weekend in Santa Rosa, about 60 miles north of San Francisco, but she may back out.
NEW YORK lawmakers are understandably concerned about the runaway cost of Medicaid.
Contributions may be made to Continuum Hospice Care, Beth Israel Medical Center, NY, NY 10003; or the James P. Marra Center for Lung Disease, St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital, NY, NY 10019.
"This is why I don't dress up for travel," Ms. Repko said.
The room's other walls are a copper-colored fabric that suggests a rich wood paneling with an added bit of glitter.
Since the mid-1970's he has lived in West Cornwall and Falls Village, where he and his wife have reared their son.
Threats Beyond the Weather Across town in the French Quarter, Andrew Sandler, the administrator of the Maison Hospitaliere nursing home, was dealing with similar problems.
"Cooper slit his throat," Mr. Vaz said.
I'm going to do it subtly."
He says, simply: "I saw the film in Paris in 1978 and I was very moved by it.
The college merged with the state university system in 1975 and became affiliated with the University of South Florida, retaining its autonomy and academic standards.
There is even a drawing about watching the funeral of Yasir Arafat on television.
That leaves puzzle, now associated with games, and puzzlement reminds us of the Siamese king in "The King and I."
Augustus Goddard Atlanta, Nov. 22, 2005
He had to leave the American wilderness he loved and go to London, where he contracted with the finest engraver available, marrying his art not only to technology -- printmaking was a complex and sophisticated process -- but to money.
That convinced a lot of people that we needed to ban them."
At its shortest point, the wall is three feet tall, allowing for easy interaction between fans and players.
(Chinen) BENNY GOLSON QUARTET (Tonight and tomorrow) Mr. Golson is a brusquely charismatic tenor saxophonist and one of jazz's most tuneful composers.
Beginning Thursday evening, a coalition led by South Africa, Kenya, Jamaica, Venezuela and Cuba had been demanding changes in a proposed text to make it easier for countries essentially to opt out of the talks on services and shield domestic industries like hospital management, insurance and education.
What if you took the same sort of device and photographed people doing their best to sit still for an hour in a meditative experience designed to capture something close to their essential visage freed from posturing and artifice -- the complicated choreography of expression distilled to a single image?
Dr. Zuroff of the Wiesenthal center said Spain had "a horrendous record on Nazi war criminals."
The music is Mr. Brecker's, but Gil Goldstein helped with arrangements and orchestration.
Professors Ghose, Smith and Telang chose a random sample of books in print and studied how often used copies were available on Amazon.
When Mr. Cruise says in the current Entertainment Weekly that Ms. Holmes "digs" his religion, Scientology, his language is almost as stilted as Mr. Crowe's.
We think we have too much exposure in Florida.
"It's going to be a logistical nightmare," he conceded.
Recently, a high-level representative from the World Bank, Yukiko Omura, who was scheduled to deliver a speech here, was denied entry at the airport because of problems with her visa.
I was looking for ways to eat them.
"I got na na da naa/ Da da can't deny," he rapped.
The success stories have left a lasting imprint on the medium.
BAGHDAD, Iraq, Aug. 10 - Four soldiers operating with a New York-based Army National Guard division were killed Tuesday, and five soldiers and an American military contractor were wounded when insurgents attacked a patrol near Baiji, in northern Iraq, the American military said Wednesday.
The lawmakers in Congress who coddle rich American corporate farmers -- often to the detriment of small family farmers -- are not helping things.
The suspect, Ronald J. Popadich, above, who was arraigned in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, was sentenced last year to 30 years in prison in an unrelated killing in New Jersey, clearing the way for legal proceedings to begin in the hit-and-run attacks on Feb. 12 and 14, 2002.
still has a lot of work to do."
Rooms start at $495 and suites go to $5,800.
So I'm damned if I do and I'm damned if I don't.
Mr. Icahn succeeded in winning a proxy fight in May to have himself and two associates elected to the board of Blockbuster, a media company a fraction of the size of his latest target.
They tried to discourage him from joining the Army and worried frantically when he was deployed to Iraq.
But slagging a widely appreciated band mostly for what it does right rather than what it gets wrong seems less like authentic criticism and more like look-at-me self-promotion.
Dr. Keeling was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1994 and received the National Medal of Science in 2002.
"He's not worried about himself," said his father, Kurt Heidgen.
6 NATIONAL 18-33 Slow Return to New Orleans Business owners slowly returned to parts of New Orleans, prying back plywood and stepping over ruined steeples on the first day of a staggered re-entry program scheduled to move ZIP code by ZIP code through the neighborhoods least damaged by Hurricane Katrina.
The flowers are highly variable, single or double, with different petal shapes.
It involved a pilot project begun last year at the Wertheim National Wildlife Refuge in Shirley, where 11 ponds and connecting creeks were excavated in a 165-acre test area.
When he arrived in December 2003, Thomas said the goal was to win immediately.
Mr. Adelstein said that federal law requires broadcasters to inform the public when they have been paid for on-air promotions.
That something is the sheer quantity of sulfurous mud.
And are they still collecting?
Dr. Lester Crawford, who last month was confirmed by the Senate to become the Food and Drug Administration commissioner, has said that the agency can no longer wait until risk information is proved but must communicate its uncertainty to the public.
"Then it's not about hot and cold anymore, it becomes a symbol of how one feels about each other."
"If we don't get something done very early in the morning we could absolutely, possibly, not have a budget until Saturday or Sunday," said Senator Wayne R. Bryant of Camden, the chairman of the Senate's budget committee, after his committee approved a budget proposal Wednesday night.
In fact, on a wide range of topics, including respecting the value of other faiths, shielding religion from politics, serving the poor and protecting the environment, the Bible offers powerful arguments in support of moderate and liberal causes.
Vance D. Coffman, a 3M director and retired chief executive of Lockheed Martin, was named to head a search committee.
Several boys went and re-arranged their Bugs, lifting them up like pieces in a game.
The chamber of commerce here has filed a suit opposing a sale.
She eliminated one building because "#12 (which is, however, handsomer than #10) is right next to #14 where Mark Twain once lived.
There are only 10 tables in the entire joint, and if you want to hold one, you have to order at least one bottle of vodka -- which goes for $328.37, not including tip.
Ms. Singh said she called Mr. Rosen's office repeatedly but got only answering machines.
Beginning on Saturday, it will open four hours a day, and the Palestinians hope to keep it open 24 hours a day soon.
And the only possible reason Oscar voters chose Hilary Swank's performance in "Million Dollar Baby" over Ms. Bening's in this piece of fluff is that Julia doesn't die at the end.
Leroy Bright, 56, a black bus operator who is also a union organizer, saw racial coding in Mr. Bloomberg's choice of words.
"Probably close to $70-80 million."
Still, Mr. Lance said, "He only will have had one year and arguably after a great trauma, restoring integrity goes well beyond appearance to fundamental substance."
"And some of them have really terrible pasts."
Ms. Powell quickly discovered, however, that men were not all that thrilled about an opportunity to spill their guts.
But prices for commercial real estate have also been going through the roof, despite high office vacancy rates and lackluster job growth.
Compose a portfolio of photographs, magazine clippings, drawings, etc.
Baena led by three with four holes to play when Lee started to make nearly every putt.
From then on, he was pure frustration.
By now, however, their relationship has become "a cartoon of itself," he said, "at which point I don't think it's believable."
By Friday, about 19,500 National Guard troops had arrived in Louisiana and Mississippi, and 6,500 in New Orleans itself, mostly military police officers.
It's what's written on the truck.
Minutes into the premier of the film, "Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price," the director, Robert Greenwald, said he spotted the consultant pointing his open cellphone toward the screen.
"We have met with the families every step of the way," he said, "and we will continue to."
An article last Sunday about a recent antitrust lawsuit against BAR/BRI, a provider of bar review courses for law school graduates, referred incorrectly to an earlier lawsuit, filed against the company in May 1992.
Currently, Delta, Continental, US Airways and American Airlines offer 73 flights each weekday on the route.
Mr. Pierre, 26, the oldest of three children born to strict parents, was on his high school's honor roll and attended the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
By 8:30, he was on a commercial flight to Kennedy Airport.
Taser's announcement came two weeks after the company fired its auditor, Deloitte & Touche.
Before Liszt and the advent of solo recitals, concert stages were well-populated jamborees: sometimes without a theme, even aimless, but welcome suppressions of the individual star ego.
Now they are designing like Italians."
A 3-year-old boy was seriously injured last evening when he fell from a window of a fifth-floor apartment, the police said.
But corporate America does not seem interested, and the barriers to securing rewarding employment after 50 remain in place and show no signs of disappearing.
tests in poor American communities offer great hope.
The University of Michigan consumer confidence index rose to 96.5 in July, up from 96 in June.
Intel expects Viiv hardware and content to be available during the first quarter of next year, with simultaneous introductions in France, Germany, Italy, Britain, the United States and other countries.
It was like an 'I'll see you again' kiss."
Are you always confusing hippogryphs with basilisks and forgetting the name of Him Who Must Not Be Named?
But a government official said on Friday that the resignation was related to Dr. Crawford's not fully disclosing information about his finances to the Senate.
Mr. Weitzman said that his auditors had never met as much stonewalling and lack of cooperation as they encountered in Sanitary District No.1.
Giambi said Gary Sheffield's hit was the biggest of the inning, a flare to right center -- an unusual direction for a Sheffield hit -- that kept the inning alive.
Other hits to be trotted out here will surely include the sing-along recrimination "Lucille" and the casually rendered tale of gnarly violence "Coward of the County."
He is unlikely to play in the field on this trip, because all six games (at Tropicana Field and at the Rogers Center in Toronto) are on artificial turf.
(Sinagra) THE NEW PORNOGRAPHERS (Thursday) This revved-up Vancouver outfit's tight power-pop grandeur builds with a sort of time-release tension, until the voice of Neko Case cuts through like a triumphant skywriter.
Mr. Carbone said other methods, including using plastic owls and chemical repellents to drive the birds away, haven't worked.
He said that G17 Plus, which is also his party, had threatened to quit Serbia's minority government unless it changed its policy and tried to forge closer ties with the European Union.
But "CSI" killed those shows, too.
A recent paper submitted in one of my classes was entirely cut and pasted from the Internet, and exhibited all of the skills described in the article: "knowing where and how to find information," as well as "interpreting, sorting, evaluating, manipulating and repackaging information."
Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone Kenneth J. Knuckles, President and Chief Executive Officer Sergio Sotolongo, Vice Chairman COCHRAN--Johnnie L., Jr.
Asked by the program's host, Tim Russert, if spending "a few more dollars" in Ohio might have made the difference, Mr. Kerry responded: "There was no request for them.
I was also told that no one from the medical school would be available to talk about Perricone's theories of aging.
A few doors down at Outdoor Divas, 1133 Pearl Street, (303) 449-3482, www.outdoordivas.com, the gear and clothing are sporty but definitely not dowdy.
WHEN it comes to health insurance, Americans agree on one thing: someone else should pay for it.
Opening tomorrow and running through Dec. 18, a sale featuring the works of more than 100 Brooklyn artists to benefit the Brooklyn Waterfront Artists Coalition, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary.
With Karl Rove's help, Junior designed his presidency as a reverse of his father's.
"Five and a half percent isn't going to do it."
It makes you acutely aware of the accomplishments and shortcomings of your own parents.
Tapscott said with a laugh, "I'm trying to sell him on courtside seats."
He plays here with a quintet featuring Charles Neville.
The number of candidates with well-known political names reflects in part the prominence that Mr. Spitzer has given the position of attorney general, and is a sign of many Democrats' reluctance to run against Mr. Spitzer in a gubernatorial primary next summer.
Dolphins, sea turtles and red snapper frolic below.
From George III to Boy George, by way of Beau Brummel, Oscar Wilde, Monty Python and Vivienne Westwood, their aristocratic pretensions to the art of eccentricity are beyond all compare.
But only one Democratic presidential candidate has won over 50 percent of the vote in the past 40 years (Jimmy Carter got 50.1 percent in 1976).
Gregory called his wife, Elaine, and we decided to meet three days later.
They once were his future.
In many cases, the lines between objectivity and subjectivity, fact and attitude, are impossible to disentangle.
Mrs. Rell's proposal would exceed the cap by $190 million.
Music of the Jewish People," biblical, traditional and folk music; Schola Cantorum.
George E. Pataki, a Republican who has been seeking the change.
His coffin was met by an honor guard, and at first the only sound was the clicking of their boots in the sand.
An article last Friday about the absence of most soldiers of the 69th Infantry of the New York Army National Guard from the St. Patrick's Day parade in Manhattan, because of their deployment in Iraq, referred incorrectly to the unit's history.
Review published: Oct. 23, 2005 DINING OUT E-mail: westdine@nytimes.com
"If a person does not accept Jesus Christ as his savior, does he go to hell?"
"I think it's fair to him, and it's needed in his community," Mr. Lott said, adding, "We have a need for more, not less, doctors."
"A new music director will emerge naturally in his relations with the orchestra and in his relations with me," he said.
"Maybe the Yankees didn't want a black player who would openly date light-skinned women, or who would respond with his fists when white pitchers threw beanballs at him," Power told Danny Peary in "We Played the Game."
When topics like abortion came up at his hearings, Mr. Souter took the "judicial Fifth," and he won confirmation from a Senate controlled by Democrats.
Opinions formed in the initial moments of a new encounter are notoriously hard to shake.
"He said he spent all his time playing basketball, drinking all night and at parties, and that's the complete opposite of how he lives.
Each of the 17 guest rooms has a different look.
For the last five years, the fund's 15 percent annualized gain compares to an average of 0.8 percent for small-cap growth funds.
Last year, before the tsunami, 5,000 new homes were built in Sri Lanka.
"With those three corrections, this Cafta is now a much better Cafta," Mr. Inglis told reporters on Monday.
and other agencies to distance themselves from what he recalled as their unequivocal prewar intelligence assessments.
Before the hurricane, many of the bars and dance clubs stayed open until well past midnight.
Directed by Kirby Dick; produced by Eddie Schmidt; edited by Matthew Clarke; music supervisor, Blake Leyh; executive producer for Chain Camera Pictures, Mr. Dick; assistant producer, Jane Fitzgerald.
All day long, signatures poured in on an Internet petition on the Web site takebackthememorial.com.
Even her supportive (and faithful) politico husband gets skittish after East Wing staffers begin calling him "the first lady" and arrange his meetings with the White House chef.
Dear mother of Michael Cook.
What is needed now is final resolution of a dispute over liability that threatens to hold up those vital nuclear security programs, along with joint moves to take thousands of nuclear warheads off hair-trigger alert (Russia's are increasingly vulnerable to a catastrophic accidental launching as its early warning system continues to erode).
At the moment of impact, everything turns to vapor, including one Washington mother welcoming her children home from school.
His older brother, Jared, also a Penn graduate, works there, and his sister, Jenna, a sophomore at Indiana University, plans to follow in Jared's footsteps.
Wars raged; elections were won and lost; waves swept thousands of lives away.
We connected the suffering of the slaves to the suffering of all people enslaved -- throughout this nation and throughout human history.
He showed some of his humor, too.
CHICAGO, May 28 - Fielding a more experienced team than England did Saturday, the United States missed an opportunity for a confidence booster heading into World Cup qualifying matches in the next two weeks.
Out back on weekend afternoons, tipsy middle-aged tasters boogie to live classic-rock crooners; the deli hut offers frozen burgers (beef, veggie, buffalo, venison), dogs and shish kebab that visitors cook themselves on communal grills.
The same philosophy extends to Ian Rankin, who has written a string of internationally popular Rebus novels and who won last year's Edgar Award for best mystery novel ("Resurrection Men").
The delay was "like the absolute worst day of your life is prolonged," said his mother, Marcy Mangino.
The State Department, too, most recently in a September report on religious freedom in China, said that "there have been credible reports of deaths due to torture and abuse."
Corzine (D): Nay Lautenberg (D): Nay New York 1.
The jubilant crowd blew whistles, banged drums, waved placards that read "Water Not War" and "Drop the Debt," donned kilts and flashed their white wrist bands, a symbol of the anti-poverty campaign.
Loving brother of Bernard and the late Herbert Temple.
The first half of the evening was devoted to short French pieces, starting with Poulenc's three brief "Novelettes," two dating from the 1920's and the third, autumnal, from 1959.
"We didn't really think that we could afford to have a place to ourselves."
The death toll for Americans has streaked past the 1,800 mark.
"But everyone was banking on another rate increase in February and there was a high probability of one in March."
With moist eyes, he bitterly complained about the numerous frevelhaft (sacrilegious) cuts in the Met score.
The rebuilding effort "will be a big stimulus," he said.
stemmed from a recent effort by the F.B.I.
As a pre-cursor hormone, as it leads to the production of other hormones.
All the evil in man assumed a shape and reality in the ghettos and camps.
The decision to allow out-of-country voters, despite objections from the United Nations, was not made until November, when the migration office, a nongovernmental agency, was handed responsibility for the process.
TRAVEL TIME -- About 1 hour 45 minutes by car, 2 hours 15 minutes by train.
"It's like riding a Cadillac Coupe de Ville in the water."
Irina Dvorovenko has been on maternity leave this season, and Nina Ananiashvili is off in the Republic of Georgia, running the ballet company there.
Orlando, which is a game ahead of the Nets after losing to Charlotte on Monday, 102-97, will be without guard Steve Francis for one more game after the N.B.A.
Many came to adore and respect Annika Sorenstam once they witnessed her touching human side when she competed on the PGA Tour at the Colonial in 2003.
The title includes a mildly vulgar synonym for "nonsense" and cannot be printed here.
Over at Berkeley, the guide told us that the university had invented the particle accelerator and, more important, Tater Tots.
What was happening inside a large greenhouse at the New York Botanical Garden?
When her husband died, she was at a loss for what to do, she told Mr. Salomon, until some friends cajoled her into coming to the Peoples' Symphony Concerts.
"We have no shareholders, we have no market capitalization," said Mr. O'Boyle.
He said he looked out his window and saw Mr. Ujkaj get out of his car, look in the back seat and scream, "Oh, my God."
"I don't believe you never kissed."
We don't need to worry about him."
Dutch politicians want to know how American authorities obtained a copy of the passenger manifest and why the passengers' names had not turned up on a KLM no-fly list.
Our sincere condolences to her beloved family, Alan, Myra & Morgan.
"We've been bitten, and it has cost us two games," Parcells said.
But the lion's share -- 33 percent of those who have trouble speaking English -- are between 30 and 44, the same age distribution as in the city's adult population of 5.9 million.
Yesterday the "Sex and the City" star Kim Cattrall sold newspapers outside the Comedy Theater, where she is previewing in Brian Clark's "Whose Life Is It Anyway."
He once was so angry at Jeffrey that he said in front of other employees: "You either fix your management problem or I'll fix mine," according to Noam Scheiber, whose article on the family appeared in New York magazine.
Ms. Trice, 34, helped start the Cultural and Linguistic Diversity Development program, which has trained about 115 staff members at both hospitals, including nurses, clerks, counselors and housekeepers as medical interpreters in languages that include Bengali, Urdu, Hindi and Haitian Creole.
But he too quickly implies that understanding these despicable actions is equivalent to making them understandable, that is, to making excuses for them.
Other relatives said they had been careful not to overwhelm him with information about everything he had missed since he was trapped by a collapse in a burning building in 1995.
General Boykin, the deputy under secretary of defense for intelligence, created a controversy in fall 2003 when tapes and transcripts of some of his appearances in uniform before evangelical Christian groups first came to public light.
We suspect he's going to offer us what he offered us in the World Cup.
Eric Fry, the winemaker, used 70 percent pinot noir and 30 percent chardonnay grapes in each.
I have met several gang leaders through my work as a trustee of an American charity that works in Cité Soleil.
Kevin C. Quinn, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki, said: "Obviously Medicaid is a critical issue for county taxpayers.
The governors have a plan.
Dancers are paid less than other performing artists.
He testified that the ability to trade after hours had given him an advantage over other investors, but he also acknowledged that he had been aware of a legal opinion that the activity was not necessarily against the law.
As The Washington Post reported last year, major roles in the L. Paul Bremer regime were given to 20-somethings with no foreign service experience or knowledge of Arabic simply because they had posted their résumés at the Heritage Foundation, the same conservative think tank where Mr. Bremer had chaired a task force.
Westhoff explained that he would break down his performance and critique it, the same way he does the performance of his players.
The Blue Ribbon Pairs champions on Thursday were 20-year-old Jenny Ryman from Sweden, the youngest winner of this prestigious event, and 23-year-old Gavin Wolpert from Canada.
On the eve of the game, Jerry Stackhouse, the Mavericks' sixth man, voiced some concern about Dallas's approach to guarding the high-powered Suns' offense, particularly point guard Steve Nash.
The change came as especially good news to a particularly dedicated class of New Yorkers -- those nomadic car owners who brave the city streets year after year without the benefit of a driveway or garage space to call their own.
"We would do anything that is reasonable, and we will try to respect their wishes," he said, adding that public access to nearby areas of the park would probably not be affected.
Small missed six weeks with a groin injury this season for Class AAA Columbus.
Throughout history, when faced with the addition of a new planet, many astrologers have duly figured out how to use it in their calculations.
The idea is that the constitution, if approved, will take effect immediately, while an impotent committee argues for four months about how to make amendments to a poison that has already started dividing the country.
They may be more of a Larry Brown team than a Phil Jackson team, but they are not a good team.
Richard A. Debs, Chairman WAGNER--Rodney B.
Bank of America, based in Charlotte, N.C., said in a statement that putting the litigation behind it was in the best interests of its shareholders.
"I have never seen anything quite like this," said Mr. McCain, who took to the Senate floor just before the final vote and proceeded to identify a few of the projects that caught his eye, like a parking facility in Peoria, Ill., and a special tax break for some seaplanes.
Can char marks be charming?
My date reached across the table to touch my hand.
"It was a conspiracy that resulted in bolder and bolder and more arrogant actions until it began to collapse," Ms. Donnelly said.
For this calamity the napkin in my lap was obviously insufficient.
Mr. Doria said that the entire vision for the area fits in with "smart growth" concepts of reusing old urban industrial sites rather than following the path of suburban sprawl, and that through careful planning the residential and the maritime could coexist.
AstraZeneca Names a Chief Executive AstraZeneca, the European drug maker, announced that David R. Brennan, head of its North American operations, would become chief executive in January, ending questions about succession.
She once pointed out that an ancient horse's bit displayed in the British Museum was upside down.
At the beginning of Shakespeare's play, Romeo is just as intemperately in love with a girl called Rosaline as he is later with Juliet.
The states have taken the lead on electronic voting reform.
Nonetheless, he said, his production costs were covered by foreign sales -- and no one can accuse him of financial naïveté.
Among them was Bayan Jabr, Iraq's interior minister, who is a Shiite and one of the officials cited by critics of the government's preparations for the pilgrimage.
Cars using this design are equipped with two extra halogen headlights that have the intensity and aim of a high beam but which are filtered to emit only infrared rays.
What has it gotten him?
In focusing so relentlessly on the possible role that the mob played in Sinatra's career, Mr. Summers and Ms. Swan play down the singularity of his talent, and they elbow the magic of his music to the sidelines.
There were other interests at play, some having nothing to do with jazz per se.
But these days, with walk-up apartments renting for as much as $3,000 a month and a clutch of design-conscious bars attracting scenesters, Avenue C is moving two letters up the alphabet and emerging as a surprisingly upscale cousin to the neighborhood's other, frat-oriented, alcohol-soaked arteries.
As a reporter for Newsweek, he covered national and foreign affairs, and worked his way up to foreign editor before leaving the magazine a decade ago.
Saturn workers are not the only ones getting this message.
You could easily imagine him as a bit player in a 50's war movie, yelling out lines like "Hey Sarge!
In Los Angeles the other day, the black celebrity elite turned out en masse to profile at Johnnie Cochran's funeral.
Although these agreements are negotiable, few job candidates question them, either because they fear jeopardizing their employment prospects or because they do not read the fine print, legal specialists say.
"Peter is brave, but not in a look-at-me way," says Craig Lucas, the director of "The Dying Gaul."
An essay on Jan. 2, "Are You Ready for Some Football?," reviewing nine football books, reproduced a designation from one of the books, misidentifying one team in the 1939 game that was the first ever broadcast on television.
"With a short story, I start with a dramatic moment that seems to be very powerful, and then I have to create the characters and describe everything leading up to it in a powerful way," she said.
BUT the Crystal Palace, despite being built with fireproof iron and glass, was not so safe, and it burned down in 1858, partly because the architects had used a lot of wood for such architectural details as door frames and mullions.
"This is what this game is about for China -- stability."
HOW TO STAY WIRED -- If all goes according to plan, Philadelphia will have a citywide wireless Internet access system in place by late 2006.
Against six clubs, when West led the heart ace, East discarded something.
Last week, angry ministers protested, accusing the City Council president, Sheila Dixon, of reneging on a promise to provide $50 million for the redevelopment of blighted neighborhoods as the council considers building a $305 million hotel just west of the harbor.
Wasp, an anti-submarine aircraft carrier that hunted for Russian submarines in the Vietnam era, and now wears two hearing aids.
He studied at the School of Visual Arts and at Columbia University, and his inclusion in the 2004 Whitney Biennial was his "tipping point."
These proposals go only part of the way to getting real disclosure.
Last season's offense, which the former Redskins quarterback Joe Theismann has called horrific, has made way for one that runs more efficiently, if not always explosively.
A spokesman for Boeing, based in Chicago, was not available.
Industry experts said Knight Ridder could attract interest from other newspaper publishers, leading media investors and private equity funds.
She is a daughter of Dinorah Pérez of San Juan and the late Rafael Navarro.
Handsome and impeccably tailored, he was a deeply spiritual musician.
This concert is supposedly the swan song of the trio known for hits like the sublime heartbreaker "Say My Name" and the prematurely hardened "Survivor."
A search for a "dress so perfectly pink that it was double pink" leads ineluctably to a universe of pink things.
With its wide pool of Asian-American talent, including Mr. Morita, Tamlyn Tomita and Jason Scott Lee, the film promises to be at least different from the other movie about the 442nd.
"Her self-esteem was dropping," she says.
"I was a little disappointed but not terribly surprised," said Linwood Gunn, a lawyer for the schools.
The money was packed in red canvas diplomatic bags sealed with wax and sent by diplomatic courier, the report said.
Apple is cutting prices on products, including its new iMac G5 personal computer and iPod speakers.
Erdmann's conclusion was that success depended on two factors, establishing security and having international support.
At Trump Tower at City Center, which is under construction, condos fetch about $700,000 or more, with most of the units sold.
I was concerned with wording, however.
Provide as many details as you can to explain your ideas and assumptions.
" This was very good writing and editing, but to call the work of these talented, disparate writers and editors "the greatest literary movement since the American fiction renaissance of the 1920's," as Weingarten does, seems hyperbolic.
Ms. Berrera's situation drew wide attention and considerable outrage in October when a county judge in this town near Nashville ordered her to learn English or run the risk of "losing any connection -- legally, morally and physically -- with her daughter forever."
Dinner-party music should never drown out conversation.
He is also the defending champion of the Chicago race.
Parking lot, 1 East Main Street, Freehold.
But elections have proved difficult for Mr. Aliyev and his supporters, who make public nods toward democracy but have never held a free election.
"I've watched him throw a ball and hit a tennis ball, and he's great even at that," Spearman said.
Developed by Robert C. Pozen, the chairman of MFS Investment Management in Boston, the idea would be to increase benefits for middle- and upper-income retirees in line with consumer prices rather than wages.
He said that Mr. Gonzales had been portrayed by anti-abortion groups as "not pro-life enough."
The site was a big step up from Ms. Sheehan's original scruffy roadside spot two miles from the ranch, named Camp Casey for her son, which had drawn the ire of neighbors because of traffic and the crowds.
(Brantley) * 'MARK TWAIN TONIGHT!'
When they asked her why, she replied, "He always wanted to go to Arizona," Inspector Michael Coan, a police spokesman, said.
"If we had not been there she would not have lived," said Dr. Holzberg.
Arena said he was grateful that the United States, which is ranked eighth in the world, was not placed in a group with Brazil, Argentina or Germany.
"So now where do these people go?
The next day, I had to go to a pharmacy to train people, and didn't want to be recognized by that guy.
In the first quarter of this year there were 28 new ones.
Vintage New York, 2492 Broadway (93rd Street) and 482 Broome Street (Wooster Street), SoHo, asks $10.
The review began last month after steep declines in sales at Mitsubishi and the departure of Ian Beavis, senior vice president for marketing, after a year in his post.
BEN BRANTLEY 'JULIUS CAESAR' Those cruel forces of history known as the dogs of war are on a rampage in Daniel Sullivan's carnage-happy interpretation of Shakespeare's tragedy.
"So a very plausible scenario is that home-price increases continue for a couple more years, and then we might have a recession and they continue down into negative territory and languish for a decade.
"We wanted to see what he's thinking, what his goals and aspirations are," Mets Manager Willie Randolph said.
The deals come amid a steep decline in prices for flat-panel televisions and computer displays that has eroded profits for many of the companies that make them.
Born 1917in New York, she was the daughter of the late Arthur Wellman and Anna Robinson Butler, and a member of the class of 1935 at Chapin School.
To give the channel a fresh, un-Manhattan look, its designers scouted teenagers' dressers and bedroom walls, finding inspiration in regional T-shirt logos and posters.
Two of his brothers said they had been told by the ambulance office that he had been killed when troops fired on the vehicle.
It just so happens that this deglaciation -- the more correct term for an expiring ice sheet -- is an ancient climatological whodunit.
Executing his ideas will not be easy, at home or abroad.
"The question is, Do the data support the conclusions?"
She is survived by her husband, Martin Chestnut of New York City and her son Ross Chestnut, currently attending Syracuse University; her father, Ted Rogich; her brother Ed Rogich and his wife Kathy; her brother Sig Rogich and his wife Lori, all of Las Vegas, NV; her brother and sister-in-law, Lt.
Even their matching names -- everyone referred to them as Pat and Patty -- seemed to ring with Catholic emphasis on marriage and family.
But not Rebecca Cahn, a sophomore at New Rochelle High School.
And so sometime Wednesday morning, Mr. Alvarez, 25, drove to the Glendale tracks, near the Los Angeles City border, and parked his car.
They thrash about in a feedback loop, where the collective wisdom about their problems can overwhelm the chances of any single new product.
A show of drawings would no doubt have shocked him.
These days, he's less furious and more cranky, but he's still holding the world around him to high standards.
The special services, believing they had inside information on the group's plans, were then led to believe that it would attack a government center in Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, on Sept. 6, and would conduct a reconnaissance a few days before, Mr. Basayev said.
Though the treatments bought my uncle a little time, we watched a man who once filled a sizable black leather recliner dwindle to a wasted vestige of his old self.
The Pistons have apparently decided it is best to part ways with a coach who has not been able to commit to the team.
Monday at 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $22 to $28.
Dante, banished from Florence, described the pain in more concrete terms.
Time Warner Inc. mourns the passing of Henry Luce III, whose long and distinguished career at Time Inc. culminated in his service as publisher of Time magazine.
Just eight weeks later, he won the nine-day Tour of Qinghai Lake in China.
Most Palestinians I spoke to think that he will not.
It's not wholesome, but who wants wholesome?
It has shielded them from downpours and blistering sunshine while they earned their livelihood.
And that speaks to their durability in extremes, not to mention their capacity to procreate.
He said more front porches were being built in his area than anytime in the last 30 years.
The Saints took running back George Rogers (South Carolina) in 1981, much to the relief of George Young, who was the Giants' general manager at the time; he then swooped in to take linebacker Lawrence Taylor (North Carolina) at No.
The Nikewomen line also arises from the growing importance of apparel to Nike's business.
"We're good neighbors, watching in case people steal."
It does far more shrugging than boasting.
Peg Breen, the president of the New York Landmarks Conservancy, and Frank E. Sanchis III, the senior vice president of the Municipal Art Society, have also asked that the staircase be permanently preserved in place.
"If Islam were applied, the television would not show us prostitution and people lacking all decency!"
They paid $850 for the painting.
On Sunday morning, the chief American negotiator, Christopher R. Hill, left his hotel for the final meeting with the other delegations.
We do wonder, though, about the possibilities were another Watergate to occur today.
The winner of the contest -- which is said to have the working title "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?"
Relieved to see no change in prices on the Philips model.
This year's Cannes Film Festival has provided more than a few such experiences, a handful them courtesy of North American directors: Woody Allen (returning to form with "Match Point"), David Cronenberg (demonstrating mischievous mastery in "A History of Violence") and Jim Jarmusch, whose funny, tender and melancholy new movie, "Broken Flowers," had its premiere Tuesday night.
"I, for one, have not noticed or experienced or sensed anything that would suggest the existence of ghosts," he said.
Pupils needing extra help and who did not attend the classes were almost twice as likely to fail to earn promotion as similar pupils who attended 21 or more Saturday sessions.
"You knew that you had a way out," said one former firefighter.
But I'm especially honored to be gay-friendly."
New York's version of that commission would be asked to devise a plan to reduce the number of hospital beds as a way to save on Medicaid costs.
The house is 4,725 square feet and has wooden floors, chandeliers, a marble fireplace, wraparound porches, a garden patio and five bathrooms.
At 1-6-4 Namba, Chuo-ku, (81-6) 6211-0303; www.kamigata.jp; admission 500 yen.
Construction is starting on Route 139, the New Jersey approach to the Holland Tunnel, state transportation officials said last Monday.
This softly shaded patch of Flatbush is one of the city's most polyglot and polychrome, what city demographers like to call a melting-pot neighborhood, because no one ethnic or racial group is dominant and many are represented.
There is a constant rhythm going on all around him -- urgent bleeps from the wire services, the ring of his office phone and the warble of his cellphone.
Cipolla plays the crowd like a great demagogic leader, but his power suddenly disappears after he persuades the humble waiter, Mario, to kiss him.
Smith, Gray & Company was established in the mid-19th century, and by the 1880's had a prosperous men's clothing store.
Rubin, also known as "Bob", served as an officer of the Brooklyn Heights Lodge of B'nai Brith, Commander of the Kings County Jewish War Veterans, New York Civil and Criminal Courts Bar Association and Knights of Pythias.
Mr. Black, meanwhile, moved to Toronto, where he and his brother inherited a minority interest in a private holding company called the Ravelston Corporation.
"We -- my brother and sister and I -- had been business partners and not brothers and sisters," he said.
It's a nifty idea, neatly executed.
Necla Kelek, a Turkish-German author who has interviewed dozens of women on this topic, explained, "The mothers are looking for solidarity by demanding that their daughters submit to the same hardship and suffering."
Forecasting -- whether it's predicting where an individual stock is headed or where the entire economy is headed -- is central to what Wall Street does.
A New York Stock Exchange spokesman, Christiaan Brakman, said the move by Sears had been expected.
With negotiations on the charter deadlocked, Jaafari's government escaped dissolution by just a few minutes on Monday night as Parliament members voted through an amendment to set a new deadline for the charter to go before Parliament.
During a television interview earlier in the season, Clemens did not dismiss the possibility of being traded if the Astros kept floundering.
The contrast is starkest for "The Apprentice."
The professor pointed out the deliberately hyperbolic first four lines ("Ah, what avails the sceptered race!
George Fechtig Baughman, founding president of the experimental New College of Florida, died on Dec. 24 in Gainesville, Fla.
But the truth is, I didn't go to Tucson for the architecture.
In my mind, these men and women made the right decision -- America is better protected because of renditions -- but it would have been better if they had not lacked the bureaucratic and moral courage to work with Congress to find ways to bring all detainees to America.
The statue depicts someone who had been in the Capitol around 1815, Mr. Blunt said, but nobody knows who it is.
Arrest warrants made public yesterday said the six officials overruled the advice of the pension plan's actuary and voted to let the city postpone contributions to the fund.
Mr. Williams decided in the final hours to allow five witnesses to his death.
Before long, however, he could no longer travel, and on the bad days he did his work at home, lying on the couch and talking on the telephone.
Renamed in 1982 the James A. Farley Building, McKim, Mead & White's post office is due for major surgery later this decade, if plans by the Empire State Development Corporation come through.
Choices among the entrees included the kebabs, especially the generous cubes of tender and flavorful lamb charcoal grilled and served with rice, onions and an herbed romaine and tomato salad.
Despite Chicago's size, the White Sox are often referred to as a small-market team, limiting payroll and drawing substantially less attention to themselves than the Red Sox or even the Cubs.
For him the writers produce Pacino-caliber rants, armored personnel carriers of uninterruptible braggadocio that Mr. Piven floors for several sentences until, in response to a question, he jerks the wheel hard to the left.
The holiday season is the busiest time for the Interfaith Nutrition Network, which operates 19 soup kitchens, 4 emergency shelters, 25 units of long-term low-income housing, and a shelter for veterans in recovery from substance abuse, all on Long Island.
Mr. Ahmadinejad briefly addressed the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday, speaking in generalities by warning against "pre-emptive measures" by unnamed states, a comment that some listeners took to be a reference either to the Iraq war or the possibility of Security Council action against the Tehran government.
Congressional concern grew after reports that parents in Florida would be paid to participate in a program, known as Cheers, by allowing their children to be tested to measure household exposure to pesticides.
It is intriguing to consider the possibility that such a shunned, maligned animal may be a misunderstood hero.
"Serenade" is the first of two fiercely witty animal fables by the Polish playwright Slawomir Mrozek.
Strong Back-to-School Sales Expected Back-to-school sales are expected to surpass last year's numbers.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on federal, state and city income taxes to the extent permitted by law.
Consumer prices would be increasing even faster if the government was not offsetting the impact of rising oil prices by subsidizing the price of fuel at a cost of at least $3.68 billion a year, according to Mr. Gan at AmResearch.
We didn't even care about eating or sleeping."'
"But what you're really seeing is passion.
Ms. Rousseau also testified that Mr. Shanley never called children out of her class, that she never requested his help in dealing with children who needed discipline and that she never saw him alone with a child.
His piece "This Is a Lamp" began as Philippe Starck's Bubble Club chair, which Wong wired for light.
Contributions to Hospice Care of Boulder, 2594 Trailridge Drive East, Lafayette, CO 80026 would be greatly appreciated.
This production never feels like a mere showcase for good numbers or good performances, though showstoppers abound.
He was a chronic presidential campaigner, running in 1972, 1976 and 1988, 18 years gone from the Senate.
Stuart Zola, director of the Yerkes National Primate Research Center, fully supports animal sanctuaries but argues that there will always be a need to study chimpanzees.
And Gene Autry's star, according to legend, once disappeared to the wilds of Iowa.
That is a useful lesson, Dr. Vukusic said, adding: "There's a big leeway in these optical systems.
Speaking of efficiency, the Spurs held the Pistons to 32 points in the second half.
But he lost his grip barehanded, too.
After 14 seasons, Jaromir Jagr is regarded as one of the best hockey players in the world.
10 on the fiction list: "The Widow of the South," by the first-time novelist Robert Hicks, a music publisher and manager in Nashville.
Officials with Cablevision, the company fighting the stadium because it fears it would hurt business at the arena it owns, Madison Square Garden, said they were not worried about Mr. Rangel's support.
president, Lamine Diack of Senegal, is also an I.O.C.
Cameron said: "I'm not going to change my game.
So did their two sons, who are 20 and 11.
Others, especially later heavy metal and punk players, also made abundant use of the deep, chunky power chord.
THE old man in the khaki pants, white high-tops and navy windbreaker crooned a tune of his own composition as he wandered slowly down Buffalo Avenue past a green sedan held together with duct tape.
PRINCETON TOWNSHIP "The Windmill Turns Slowly: Photographs of the Updike Farm," and "U. S. Presidents: Famous Faces in Princeton Places."
Rotary is a popular Indonesian brand of raw rice crackers (called krupuk gendar).
Some have invested thousands of dollars in computerized time-management systems, while others use very low-tech sign-up sheets, first come first served, that operate just fine with a pencil.
"Today, it is cool for North Koreans to look and behave South Korean, as they do in the television serials.
Because disability policies are full of technical language, it pays to ask questions before signing on the dotted line, said Amy Bach, executive director of United Policyholders, a consumer advocacy group.
Cook for 20 to 30 minutes or until lentils and bulgur are tender and all liquid is absorbed.
Don Nomura, Nomo's agent, said he was talking to the Yankees and to West Coast teams about Nomo.
Several years later he opened a plant in Long Island City, Queens.
Leslie and Jim Cowen $(6$)KAHN--David.
Tales of stolen body parts are timelessly resonant, tied to the sanctity of dying and fear of the unknown.
"In the next-generation version of the game we're going to have the new 249," Mr. Aubuchon said to Sergeant Davidson, referring to a type of machine gun.
Yes, there was a protest from the Norwegian Automobile Association, which said, "Enough is enough. "
After the bombing, the army closed Tulkarm and neighboring Qalqilya and encircled them.
to shut down the detention operations being carried out on their soil.
Some examples she listed is a private tour of Peter Eisenman's documentation center at the recently opened Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe; a viewing of the floating board room of Frank O. Gehry at DZ bank; and a private tour of Old Master paintings at the Gemäldegalerie.
"A native person is challenged, I think, not to feel on some level a profound resentment toward Catlin; his obsession with depicting Indians has an extremely invasive undertone to it," Mr. West says.
Mr. Giambra, a longtime Democrat who served as Buffalo's comptroller before switching parties and winning the county executive's seat as a Republican in 1999, came up with a tough spending plan, which he called the "red" budget, but said he did not want it to pass.
A bittersweet comedy about six lonely Londoners trying to connect (1:50).
DOREMUS--Richard R. Died peacefully at home on August 27, 2005.
Like everything, chimney sweeping has also become more high tech.
The 300C, equipped with a gas guzzling Hemi engine, is hardly akin to a Toyota Prius.
Longhorn's gestation has already extended much longer than originally planned.
The first big test will come on Wednesday, when Caterpillar, the heavy-equipment maker, holds its shareholder gathering in Chicago.
The band plays curious instruments that resemble children's toys; its cymbals look like smashed hub caps; its sound is harsh and otherworldly.
Directed by Jean-Xavier de Lestrade; Denis Poncet, producer; Allyson Luchak, co-producer; music by Jocelyn Pook; cinematography by Isabelle Razavet; edited by Sophie Brunet, Scott Stevenson and Jean-Pierre Bloc; sound by Yves Grasso; a Maha Films production.
But analysts and people who work with the government said that the nation's top leadership has been uncertain how to handle a crisis that not only touches on some of the most powerful officials in Syria, but also members of the president's immediate family.
negotiated with Merck for 14 months in 2001 and 2002 before any substantial mention of Vioxx's heart risks appeared on the drug's label.
LUMIA THEATER "Ten Percent of Molly Snyder," comedy by Richard Strand; New Jersey Repertory Company.
There's a whisper of the abused horse in "Animal Farm" promising to work harder, and the much louder buzzing of a wasp and a caterpillar caught in a jam jar.
She had won 19 amateur tournaments in South Korea, but this season, she missed the cut in 7 of her 13 previous tournaments, including last week in Rochester.
(Holden) 'ROLL BOUNCE' (PG-13, 107 minutes) A drowsy comedy from Malcolm D. Lee about a handful of kids grooving and roller skating in the summer of 1978, "Roll Bounce" has heart and good vibes but little else to recommend it.
Besides the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, New Jersey Transit and the Metra commuter railroad in suburban Chicago also declined the funds.
But all that deduction does is reduce the cost of borrowing the money -- a cost that would not exist if the family were not buying the home.
"Tonight I wasn't able to do that for whatever reason."
Have you ever had anyone say stuff like that to you?
"People have awakened and they want to hear this music."
More elaborate whimsy from Mr. Anderson, who confected a parallel-universe Manhattan in "The Royal Tenenbaums" and who now goes even further, inventing tropical islands and species of exotic fish when the mood strikes him.
The usual treatment for eosinophilic pneumonia is steroids, but in this case the patient improved so much when she stopped taking the medicine that her doctors decided not to treat her with anything.
An Émigré Heritage Here, Mr. Ratmansky reveals a novel mission: to take back to Moscow a heritage represented by émigré Russians of the past and the present.
Alexander, at 5-11, 225 pounds, is a bit bulkier than Barber.
Nori Soboti, another member of the church's altar guild, recalled him saying once how much he missed the two and how he was just waiting to join them.
The book does occasionally go off track.
Mr. Muti kept the focus on the music by not visibly ruffling and by plunging, after the intermission, into Liszt's "Faust Symphony," which represents almost more music than is really necessary.
Later, the convoy passed a group of police cars blasting a call to vote for the 555 list.
The Supreme Court had set next Monday as a deadline for the initial filing of papers in the appeal.
In 2004, 275 companies went public in London, accounting for 80 percent of the initial public offerings in Europe.
"A lot of these guys brought joy to the city," Millar said.
And he and his older brother and sister also had a schnauzer, a cocker spaniel -- "that one had behavioral problems," he recalled with a wince -- and other dogs.
Like Paterno, he would prefer to quit on his own terms, or not at all.
and Free had," said Mr. Watkins.
April 28, 1917--April 16, 1999 We still love you so much.
He was approached on Tuesday and asked if he wanted to do anything in regard to this, and he said no."
'Hopper's New York' "Hopper's New York," a new book by Avis Berman on the work of the American painter, will be the subject of an illustrated talk by the author Sunday at 1 p.m. at the Silvermine Guild Arts Center in New Canaan.
The Grassroots Environment Fund gave $1,500 last fall to the Friends of Town Farm Dairy, a group of customers of a Simsbury dairy that sold hormone-free milk in glass bottles.
Beginning shortly before they are tapped by an unidentified Palestinian organization to carry out the mission, the movie culminates less than 48 hours later in a denouement whose outcome remains uncertain until the last second.
She enjoyed a good joke and a good book.
When nighttime falls on this city under curfew, it conceals the devastation like some Mardi Gras mask.
Stories abound about doctors who mistook a sales pitch as an invitation to more.
On more contemporary ground, there are two fabulous, large-scale Miró paintings at the Galerie Cazeau-Béraudière of Paris.
More than a thousand are expected to pay $50 a seat to attend an unofficial inauguration prayer service at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in the morning, the largest of several unofficial thanksgiving prayer meetings held around town.
When the Mets recruited him last year, Delgado didn't care for their Latino-based approach, which attracted Pedro Martínez and Carlos Beltran.
When the third Meier tower went up, residents of the Perry Street building, including the fashion designer Calvin Klein, could not have been pleased.
In Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, including Sadr City, many Iraqis cast their ballots to the sounds of exploding shells.
The putatively rigorous drug testing in the minor leagues, in Stanley's view, didn't reduce the use of steroids so much as it increased the energy players put into not getting caught.
They played 80 times over all, an amazing 60 of those in finals, with Navratilova holding a 43-37 edge after their last meeting in 1988.
It was not all about Federer on Sunday, however.
President Álvaro Uribe, who has come under sharp international criticism for offering paramilitary groups a range of incentives in negotiations, had ordered Mr. Murillo ejected from the talks and arrested after prosecutors accused him of ordering the killing of a state lawmaker on April 10.
Anyone who does not have an investment portfolio large enough to cover monthly expenses should probably consider disability insurance, said Larry Ginsburg, a financial planner in Oakland, Calif. "People need to ask themselves what happens if they become sick or get hurt, which happens a lot more frequently than most people would like to think," added Mr. Ginsburg, who also serves on the board of United Policyholders, a nonprofit consumer advocacy group based in San Francisco that focuses on various types of insurance.
He was never allowed to return home.
The helicopter pilot knows a New York no one else knows, the contours of the great green torch on Liberty Island, the towers of the Brooklyn Bridge as they appear to the suicidal, Yankee Stadium after the lights go out.
A self-described "lighthouse nut," the 40-year-old Mr. Muller declined to pick his favorite.
EVEN as Afghanistan's immense opium harvest feeds lawlessness and instability, finances terrorism and fuels heroin addiction, the developing world is experiencing a severe shortage of opium-derived pain medications, according to the World Health Organization.
There is no reason to think that these countries and borders would be the countries and borders that the Arabs themselves would establish if they were seeking to transform the former Ottoman Arab territories into Arab nations.
"So he decided to kidnap me the next day."
His mother is a telecommunications management analyst for the rural development program at the Agriculture Department in Washington.
Financiers say Rosneft's proposed merger with Gazprom was not unwound by the siloviki but by Yukos lawyers, who blocked the transaction in American courts.
Mr. Baker's plan would have created a federal corporation to compensate homeowners and lenders, buying damaged houses and guaranteeing owners no less than 60 percent of the equity they had built up and banks no more than 60 percent of their investment.
"I wish you'd asked me first," he said, "because I really wanted a burger and fries."
At one point during her trip, Ms. Rice pointed out that Roland Betts, the president's representative with the city's Olympic delegation, is among Mr. Bush's closest friends.
Thomas Merton called the exercise "a raid on the unspeakable"; Solomon beseeched the Lord to grant "whatever prayer, whatever supplication is made by any man or by all thy people Israel"; Ramakrishna sought "God-Consciousness" through spiritual rapture.
After earning a master's from Harvard Business School in 1982, he held various positions at Columbia Pictures, eventually becoming a vice president of production and acquisitions.
"Imagine if someone working for one of the economic agencies of government made a deal with a company involved in forecasting and gave them privileged access to government data," Dr. Krimsky said.
I would think it would be tough for somebody to hold a long-term grudge on somebody you liked before it started.
According to Antigone Rising's lead singer, the mono-named Cassidy, Mr. Flom showed no hesitation in asking the group to modify its act to try to get it into the Starbucks program.
The scientists, including two Nobel Prize winners and a biologist who is to receive the National Medal of Science from President Bush in March, say grants for research on the bacteria that cause anthrax and five other diseases that are rare or nonexistent in the United States have increased fifteenfold since 2001.
So far, Congress hasn't broached the topic, and the Labor Department has been unresponsive to a written request from one of United's unions, sent in June, for an audit of United's pensions.
Every child that's in high school today was in elementary or middle school when he was -- -- Q That's admiration mixed with other things.
Beloved grandfather of 15 and great-grandfather of one.
"There mustn't be any impact on the creation of a stable government," he said to reporters in Berlin.
15 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
Sunday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
And forget about going to the dentist.
EL SEGUNDO, Calif., May 25 - I was staying three nights at the Hilton Garden Inn on the southern border of Los Angeles International Airport.
"This man not only interfered with another business, but also interfered with patients' ability to reach their doctors."
TNS estimates that Allstate spent about $300 million last year on advertising.
Mr. Gutman declined to make Pathmark directors available to discuss their recommendation that shareholders approve the deal.
NEWMARKET, England, Sept. 15 - Say what you like about the Little Chef roadside restaurants -- their haphazard service, their eggs swimming in grease, the ceaseless sizzling of their kitchens' grills.
Net income rose to $144.9 million, or 35 cents a share, from $110.4 million, or 27 cents, a year earlier, the company said.
Cannex's calculations are meant to help an investor compare the return on an annuity to that of an alternate investment, like a portfolio of stocks and bonds.
"Once a week is hard enough."
At first, it was just high-risk patients having major heart attacks who routinely had the procedure.
Horn presents no strong overarching viewpoint on Smith, who has been seen as either a lying scam artist or a valiant leader; or on the historical Pocahontas, who has been slapped around by generations of bad poets; or on Jamestown itself.
So he decided to shut down sooner rather than later.
"I think the president is well advised to take heed of this," Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, told a gathering of reporters in a Capitol corridor.
In return, Mr. Putin is willing not just to overlook the murders, corruption, human rights abuses and general misery, but to lionize Mr. Kadyrov so long as Chechnya remains a loyal part of Russia.
Sheek is known for a certain kind of enthusiasm: give him a tough-sounding beat and he'll crack some jokes and pop some plosives.
"Cars go in, cars go out, but you never know what's going on inside."
"We're Still Hot" continues an open-ended run at the Theater at St. Luke's, 308 West 46th Street; (212)352-3101.
Behind the News -- On the last two major sticking points, opponents were able to force a deal on one but not the other.
Now, instead of sharing information haphazardly and getting into jurisdictional disputes -- problems that cropped up during the 2003 monkeypox outbreak and in surveillance for mad cow disease -- health officials are writing plans that emphasize teamwork.
"People cannot even get a loan from the bank," Mr. Ahmadinejad said Wednesday night.
At Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts, 527 Tremont Street in Boston's South End; (617)266-0800.
"PETA is an organization more interested in promoting vegetarianism than the truth," a spokesman, Jonathan Blum, said.
Knight could watch in peace as sixth-seeded Utah pounded third-seeded Oklahoma, 67-58, in the later game here.
"Basalt is attracting the kind of people who moved to Aspen 20 years ago," said Michael Lipkin, a local architect and developer.
The screenplay is peppered with Napoleon's epigrammatic zingers, which reveal him as the smartest person in the room.
Mr. Kadhum said his nearby apartment had been wrecked and his six-member family left homeless, including a 5-month-old baby.
She would have to put off her nursing studies.
"You should never treat your miles like a bank account.
Other activities will include math and logic puzzles (Sunday and Monday) and an amateur radio club (Monday).
He is a son of Sheila Weinraub of White Plains and the late James M. Weinraub and is a stepson of Frederic Silverman.
Signature Look: "Tailored, but always with a surprise" Breakout Wedding: Brooke Shields and Andre Agassi, 1997 Biggest Coup: Charlie Sheen, Jessica Simpson, Gwen Stefani and Tom Arnold in a year Clientele: Celebrities and superrich who want something different.
"I don't know any of these people!"
Since the initial offering, the three together have sold more than $1.7 billion in stock.
Under The Times's policy on unidentified sources, writers are not permitted to forgo follow-up reporting in exchange for information.
In previous jobs, Mr. Rademacher rarely thought beyond a year or two, but he said he could see himself staying at Google for a long time.
The case has highlighted several unforeseen consequences of this kind of environmental law.
As he explained, "We thought the calculator would be a better tool than the abacus that apparently was used last."
The Patriots cut Neal in August of that first season.
Tru 676 North St. Clair Street; (312)202-0001.
At the time, he said job cuts were a "last resort."
So it might surprise some people that this festival includes a staged reading of a "new music-theater work" written by the author of "Waiting for Godot."
Teaching with The Times – Read The New York Times over the next month and clip articles about Italian politics.
Israel routinely responds to such attacks with airstrikes in southern Lebanon, but hitting near Beirut is rare these days.
"I don't know if enough notice was taken of that when he passed away not so long ago," she said, adding that Mr. Reagan's nominating the first woman to the court was "in my view a terribly important thing."
And how today's Bolshoi dancers, so different from their Soviet predecessors, would dance it.
It shows up in every study."
Terry Holt, the Republican strategist, walked into the MSNBC makeup room one day during the 2004 campaign and stopped cold at the sight of Cook Hauser, the makeup artist and a familiar face in green rooms around Washington.
That morning I'd read the pages in McCain's autobiography about the savage beatings to which he'd been subjected in Hanoi.
Through Feb. 13, "Breaking Boundaries: Films Selected and Introduced by Members of the New York Film Critics Circle"; screenings this weekend, "Salò" or "The 120 Days of Sodom" (1975), directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini; and "Endless Obsession" (2002), directed by Glen Fogel, both introduced by Nathan Lee (tomorrow at 2 and 4:30 p.m.); "Un Chant D'Amour" (1950), directed by Jean Genet, and "Querelle" (1982), directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, both introduced by Armond White (Sunday at 2 p.m.); "Myra Breckinridge" (1970), directed by Mike Sarne, introduced by J. Hoberman (Sunday at 4:30 p.m.).
Weeks This On Week List Fiction 1 2 THE LAST JUROR, by John Grisham.
Though he could not be more content with his musical career, Sir Richard admits that these days he finds composing onerous and prefers working in the visual arts.
The reason is the Pap smear, a test in which a small sample of cells from a woman's cervix is examined for changes that can lead to cancer.
63, of Lighthouse Point, Florida, formerly of Hempstead, New York passed away on Friday, April 29, 2005 at Hospice by the Sea Care Center.
"General Franks made a call, and he made a judgment that not only would they not be needed and it would not be appropriate, but that it would be ill advised to put that many more, quote, 'occupation forces' in," Mr. Rumsfeld said on the ABC News program "This Week."
It gives you so much.
With no electricity, the home had a perpetual gloom.
AT the Congressional hearings last week investigating steroids and baseball, players were scolded not just for taking substances that are unsafe, but for doing something immoral.
Three "respectable" writers would publish three so-called "dirty books": Philip Roth with "Portnoy's Complaint" (in 1969), John Updike with "Couples" and me with "Myra Breckinridge."
It was Mr. Monn who designed the festivities for the opening of the Time Warner Center in 2004, who brought in 15,000 pounds of boxwood shrubs to ornament the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute gala this year and who also inadvertently imported some rats into the museum along with the greenery, the sort of accident that could have been scripted by the brothers Goncourt.
Meridian Advertising in Troy, owned by Schawk Inc., produces Kmart's circulars.
About 7 p.m. Sunday, a privately owned service line connected to the water main on 56th Street broke, and tons of dirt holding up the heavy asphalt above was washed away.
Buy the coat, and it snowballs down from there."
Converse's new slip-on Chuck Taylor All-Star sneakers are a stylish, lace-free alternative to the same old slippers (in pink, green, red, white, brown or navy, $45 at www.converse.com).
She just did it, she followed her heart."
's most valuable player Sunday for leading Phoenix to a 33-game improvement from last season and the best record in the league, 62-20.
Tomorrow at 7:30 p.m., Zankel Hall, Carnegie Hall, (212)247-7800.
The cabbage strudel I'm writing about was sold at an extremely modest Hungarian bakery on Third Avenue called Mrs. Herbst's.
The small and shadowy brotherhood of Porsche purists -- a few of whom may actually own one of the company's sports cars -- was aghast when the German automaker started producing the Cayenne S.U.V.
As store hours drew to a close Monday evening, a young man asked to see something in a black porkpie.
It was hired in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, and last year's tsunami.
Since the tsunami, the tribes have even proven more resilient than Indian settlers who now make up the majority of the island's population, Dr. Pandya said.
The results were driven by gains in merger and acquisition advice, bond trading and stock and bond sales.
Duffy is young, African-American, whip-smart and unshakably decent.
BPB is based in Slough, England and Saint-Gobain is based in Paris.
In fact, what he was talking about was not bronze but bronzes, six tall pieces inspired by totem poles that he said left him "thunderstruck" when he saw them in a park 2,400 miles away.
It was his militiamen who ambushed Casey Sheehan's convoy in Sadr City.
If Paris is chosen for the 2012 Games, as many Olympic watchers expect, the stadium supporters, especially Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and Deputy Mayor Daniel L. Doctoroff, would lose their most glamorous argument.
When they check into hotels, for instance, many tourists from China demand the top floors, Mr. Lim said.
"They got that Friday's there, nice food," he said.
WRAP-UP/HOMEWORK: Individually, students complete the following assignment (written on the board for students to copy before leaving class): “Based on your research in class, develop a print ad that promotes awareness of your animal’s plight, targeted to a young audience.
TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS -- Agreed to terms with RHP Doug Waechter, LHP Scott Kazmir and LHP Chris Seddon on one-year contracts.
The state appeals court affirmed that finding in 1992.
She learned that Mr. Pelusi had been a professional musician and a professional photographer before becoming interested in psychology.
This was not the first time he had spoken publicly since the season ended; he was interviewed by The Washington Post for a Nov. 10 article.
Still, low-fare competition is popping up between Canada and Europe, and Mr. Casey at American said it was only a matter of time before it emerged from the United States.
The Knicks were outscored by 56-34 in the second half.
After graduation in 1979, he shot rock groups for Toad's Place in New Haven, and held a number of short-lived jobs until 1981, when he became the official photographer for Yale.
On Thursday, more than a half-dozen more Bush administration officials sent word, directly or indirectly, that they had not been Mr. Woodward's source.
I then worked in Paris for 25 years as a translator and public-relations officer, where I also continued to study Arabic and observe the Arab minority living there.
It substantiates and validates prices."
This month he reimposed quotas on certain Chinese textiles, and the Treasury warned China that it had better adjust its exchange rate or else.
I sang so much during the filming of 'Dear Frankie,' my co-stars kept telling me to shut up."
And Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg joined the diet program's president and chief executive, Linda Huett, at the company's new home, 11 Madison Avenue, in the Art Deco Met Life complex.
He is critical of several important moves made during Mr. Parsons' tenure as chief executive, including the sale of Warner Music for what Mr. Icahn called too low a price.
Ms. Pearson arrived in New York from Hartford in 1995 at 15, determined to make it as an actress.
Katie Couric, perhaps the biggest star on network news, whose contract with NBC's "Today" expires next year, was quoted in The New Yorker this month as saying she had met twice with Mr. Moonves and would make a decision on her future this fall.
"I didn't do my part."
The airstrikes, which started Sunday afternoon, were part of an effort by the American military to beat back insurgents in Ramadi, a city of 400,000 in Anbar Province and a haven for Sunni Arab insurgents.
As of early May, round-trip air fare for weekend departures from Kennedy Airport to Santiago began at $865.
And many, like Devon Energy, have tried to be solicitous of landowners in placing wells and roads.
At their second meeting, they talked about Al Qaeda, the indictment said, without saying what aspect of the terror network was discussed.
In the back, there was ample room for improvement.
With her intelligence, great good sense and grounded personality, Nancy could be counted on completely by those close to her.
None of these feats, Mr. Holm said, would have been possible on the sort of unicycles favored by circus clowns and street performers.
News cameras and a documentary-film crew recorded the action.
Salter's previous collection of short fiction was called "Dusk," the time that best suits his writerly sensibility -- the glinting light you try to capture before it disappears.
University High says its textbooks are the Essential Series from Research and Education Association of Piscataway, N.J., but their publisher describes them as study guides.
One of the nation's largest pharmaceutical wholesalers, Cardinal Health, is shutting a unit that trades in the secondary drug marketplace, a behind-the-scenes bazaar in which drugs are purchased and resold before finding their way to consumers.
Though it's impossible to place an exact price on one's physical well-being, the VI 411 may seem a tad expensive at $3,299 -- especially when other, presumably equally harmless induction cooktops are priced under $2,000.
Israeli military officials told The New York Times on Thursday that Syria test-fired the three Scud missiles equipped with airburst warheads, reinforcing Israeli worries about Syria's ability to deliver a missile-borne chemical attack against Israeli civilian targets.
The Israeli republic or the republic of the Likud Central Committee.
Here are some additional examples of current Presley projects: A musical inspired by Presley, "All Shook Up," opened March 24 on Broadway, featuring live performances of 25 tunes he originally sang.
So too for Molly Larkey's enlarged graphite copies of handwritten letters exchanged between herself and her father, though the epistolary contents add an emotional charge missing from the rest of the exhibition.
When asked if he agreed with it, Burress said, "Not really."
"It's not about numbers for me or individual statistics.
One model he looks to for Basic Elements is Dell because of its skill at assembling computers from many locations and distributing them efficiently.
Some marry citizens, some prosper, and some do not.
In a move that later drew criticism from campaign reform groups, Mr. Miller's parents made nearly two dozen contributions of their own to Council candidates, almost all of them backed by their son's PAC.
Evaluation / Assessment: Students will be evaluated based on thoughtful participation in class discussions, cooperation in small groups, and articles summarizing their findings about public opinions on gender issues in sports.
The Medicaid bills have grown quickly for counties that were also squeezed by a sluggish upstate economy, as family farms closed and industrial towns like Elmira lost mainstays like typewriter and picture tube factories.
Frontline: Private Warrior PBS, tonight at 9; check local listings.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12 - In an opening day of confirmation hearings in which senators drew sharp and partisan distinctions over his -- and their -- views on issues like abortion, civil rights and the role of the courts, Judge John G. Roberts Jr. promised on Monday that if confirmed as the 17th chief justice of the United States he would "confront every case with an open mind."
3), Lil Jon's "Crunk Juice" (TVT, No.
While he was an official spokesman for Cardinal Terence Cooke, he did not also serve in that role for Cardinal John O'Connor.
From Indianapolis: $296 (Northwest) From Houston: $337 (United) From St. Louis: $293 (United).
The report also misstated the location of Boston College Law School, where the bridegroom's mother, Cathleen Cavell, is an adjunct professor.
You can hear them from afar, and they speak to us of the ability to travel to distant places and feel mystical things."
But she occasionally failed to follow through with some of those ideas, he added.
REBOUNDS While the Indiana Pacers field trade offers for Ron Artest, the Knicks continue to monitor the situation from a distance.
The church that entered into the agreement with Nextel is a few hundred yards from the Meadow Pond Elementary School, and just down the road from Ms. Cassidy's home.
Transcripts of the committee's interviews with Mr. Wilkerson and a second official, Robert L. Hutchings, the former chairman of the National Intelligence Council, were provided by a Congressional Democrat opposed to Mr. Bolton's nomination.
MINNESOTA WILD--Signed G Miroslav Kopriva .
It is just a mechanism -- probably the only mechanism -- for getting them out of the desperate fix in which they find themselves.
Elan shares fell to 6.49 euros ($8.59) in Dublin, and dragged the small Irish stock exchange's benchmark index down 6 percent with it.
Last week in The Journal of the American Medical Association, Dr. Victor Montori of McMaster University in Toronto pointed out that when trials are stopped early, the preliminary analyses can show "implausibly large treatment effects" and urged "skepticism" in viewing the data.
"The cost savings argument is to be taken with a grain of salt," said James R. Tallon Jr., the president of United Hospital Fund, a policy group based in Manhattan.
Residents can point to one hillside or another and tell you which warlord used it as a base from which to shell the city during the chaotic fighting that preceded the Taliban's brutal rule in the 1990's.
She would send him abroad, she said.
"It's nonstop, pretty much 24/7," she said of her job as assistant to the chef and writer Anthony Bourdain.
Strong enough to pick up a 16-pound bowling ball, the machine can gather 3,100 gallons of leaves and reduce their volume to a tenth of their original size before it requires emptying -- enough to fill 90 large trash bags.
The company came highly decorated, trailing choreographic honors won in Cuba, Mexico and Spain, where Mr. Camarena came of artistic age, in Barcelona.
She will be deeply missed by the entire Manhattan School community.
You demoted your parents to servants in a life over which they had formerly ruled.
On the day the jury awarded Mr. Perelman punitive damages, Morgan's chief executive, Mr. Purcell, issued a statement about what he called the "injustice" of the ruling and saying that Morgan "will fight to have this decision overturned and we fully expect to prevail."
"We don't believe at this point visitation there will be diminished, and in any event, the public good of another skating venue, especially without large capital and expense costs to the city, outweighs any potential marginal loss of income."
This time, Mr. Ballmer just wanted to meet the commissioner, people close to the company said.
The research uses control groups and takes into account a wide range of variables to determine which instructional methods work better than others.
Few places are more vulnerable to drought than Africa.
Staley was also the national high school player of the year in 1989.
Studio Dante, 257 West 29th Street, Chelsea, (212)279-4200.
Justice David H. Souter was the author of both opinions.
For her next round of exertion, in January, Ms. Gibson is scheduled to join Kurt Browning, a former world figure-skating champion, in Fox's new reality competition, "Skating With Celebrities."
Back in 1980, at the opening of one of my many New York art shows, I was asked by a waif of a child what exactly did I mean painting in all those reds.
Daniel C. Adcock, a lobbyist at the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association, said: "Ninety-nine percent of retired federal employees in those two programs will not sign up for the Medicare drug benefit.
At some point after he left the green Honda behind at about 9:30 a.m. he took the Metro Atlanta Rapid Transit train north to Buckhead, an upscale Atlanta neighborhood.
"The Colt" is the kind of wise, tolerant war movie that makes a point of showing soldiers on both sides of the conflict as thoroughly human.
1971 -- Mr. Larkin, already an alcoholic, begins to use cocaine.
"Take a look," he said, sitting back and patting the sweat from his brow.
Died at the age of 100.
Banned video footage of protest violence in Shanghai could be downloaded off the Internet.
President Bush has given us precious little reason for complete trust, and I suspect that the polls reflect that as much as war-weariness.
WHEN Ms. Moskowitz asked how Dr. Mei knew these programs were responsible for test gains -- given that Yonkers, Syracuse and Rochester used different programs and improved more than New York City -- Dr. Mei said she wasn't familiar with other districts.
While Mr. Morgenthau's staff had denied any political motive, Justice Ambrecht wrote that he found that "totally incredible."
As a result, one part of the administration's strategy has been to rezone areas of the city to create more developable land, then to use so-called inclusionary zoning provisions to encourage developers to include lower-priced units.
The cooperation between the publishers is indicative of a trend that is transforming the media marketplace.
Another federal appeals court, in Atlanta, reached the opposite conclusion in denying release to Daniel Benitez, who had filed a habeas corpus petition six months after he was detained and ordered deported for convictions for assault and gun possession.
coach and the Chiefs avoid matching their worst loss in the 46-year history of this American Football Conference West series.
Friends may visit on Wednesday, June 22, from 2-4 P.M. & 7-9 P.M., at Wm.
This was a war against "the Man."
Torre's only left-handed reliever had been Mike Stanton, who walked the only hitter he faced Saturday and did so again Sunday.
Seconds later, Williams dived for a loose ball on the sideline and slid out of bounds.
But he had second thoughts and reversed the order in a later published edition.
No problem, Mr. Dunetz said.
"Maybe that's why you create a word that sounds like some kind of mutant four-legged beast."
A single room is $80 a night and a double is $128, and guests must be either participants in viewing nights on the 107-inch, 82-inch and 36-inch telescopes or members of the Friends of McDonald ($50).
He tries to win the game.
A Christian publisher, Eerdman's, soon invited him to assemble his essays in book form, and in October it published RealLivePreacher.com, the book.
This has the distinct look of something that should not be happening.
It's been an enormous challenge to have an impact on business education because the ground has shifted so dramatically.
Until then, the crew will be very busy.
It ended at 5:05, too long for the normal 10-inch format.
Hollywood has gotten a lot of headlines in recent months for fighting the online traffic in feature films.
The victims were Ahlam Yusef, a sound engineer for the network, and Firas Maadidi, a newspaper reporter.
The dining room resembles a baronial hall with its beamed ceiling, wrought-iron chandeliers and two fireplaces (lighted even on 90-degree days).
The trial of Mr. Ebbers took its toll on members of the jury, too, said a third juror reached by telephone last night.
Mr. Abbas says the Palestinian security forces will not be used to crack down on armed factions.
From a police perspective, it is easier to combat graffiti on blank walls because it is easier to monitor and repaint such spaces.
It was $800,000, not $220,000.
How do I get out?"
Van Horn hunched behind the windshield, glued to the gauges and the Global Positioning System.
As long as he's healthy and sound, he will run as a 4-year-old.
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
Bed's opening three years ago is widely seen as the beginning of the current epidemic of Thai innovation.
He simply topped it with his own imagery, taken from his youth in Indiana.
I believe that you're going to do that little thing, you're going to move the guy over, you always need one more run than the opposite team to win the game."
His ample belly suggested that he was no Olympian, though his boyish grin proved that he was still a cheerleader.
But now we are O.K."
"We'd lost a couple before that, and weren't sure we'd ever do it."
One of the criminally underrated films of the 1990's, "BABE: PIG IN THE CITY" is GEORGE MILLER's follow-up to his much-beloved "Babe."
The American Medical Association instructs doctors not to take the gifts, Dr. Woodcock said, but marketing "abuses" continue.
Yet for all the years of commitment between the two couples, now retired, they do not plan to take the newest legal step for gay couples, entering civil unions, which Connecticut begins recognizing on Saturday, the second state to do so, after Vermont.
Mr. Ballmer, according to the person briefed on the talks, had been pushing Yusuf Mehdi, the senior vice president in charge of MSN and Microsoft's search business, to be more aggressive in closing the gap with Google, including making acquisitions.
Rob Glaser, the chief executive of RealNetworks, is a former Microsoft manager who departed to start his own company a decade ago and compete in the market for digital media software with his old boss, Bill Gates, Microsoft's co-founder.
Some of the samples taken in Ramallah were sent for analysis to Tunis first, but some biopsies did not arrive there, the records said.
"Lacrosse had to be a tool to get into a better school."
Among her influences, she said, are Diego Velázquez, John Singer Sargent and Sandro Botticelli.
Her weaker efforts tend to be in traditional fine-art mediums like painting and drawing, as in a series of posterlike portraits of young men that borrow from 1960's psychedelic design and Art Nouveau.
The old doctor, warm and informal, loved many long-term patients deeply, sometimes to the extent of forgetting they were patients, not friends.
Charlotte Lipson Las Cruces, N.M.
But the office market is currently moribund, and a factory that generated heavy truck traffic almost certainly would be opposed.
He was tired of typing the long word vegetarian thousands of times and believed nondairy was too negative: "Moreover it does not imply that we are opposed to the use of eggs as food.
For one thing, it is too early to make the case that the London attacks were the product of open borders or too much tolerance of fanatical Muslim activity in Britain.
"It is important to have that on the record before the myth makers take over," he said in a telephone interview.
There will also be a public relations campaign for GameTap, handled by Access Communications in San Francisco.
But you have to play 48 minutes."
But what, exactly, is broken?
Correction Appended THE sun is dazzling, the trade winds are blowing, and the sea spray is tingling my toes.
There was no dress code.
But they also can indicate that companies do not see other investments as very attractive.
Despite Mr. Bush's praise, General Musharraf shows more commitment to his F-16's than to his people.
He's a kind of one-man state who fills his treasury with the global currency of fame.
James Dimon, the firm's president and chief operating officer, left, told Wall Street analysts in a conference call that trading results were already improving.
In a way, it was true; with one fan's help, he had by then opened his own pornographic Web site, called justinscam.com.
A small boy, "about 6 years old," then climbed the twine and, when he was 30 or 40 feet in the air, vanished.
Before becoming a Knicks assistant in December 2001, Williams was known as a gritty and studious player possessing, as Houston said, "a wise spirit."
Yahoo already maintains a marketplace that it has been enhancing.
17, and three-putted again on the par-4 No.
FOR many American contestants, the most uncommon words at last week's national spelling bee were not appoggiatura and onychophagy, but the names of the top four finishers: Anurag Kashyap, Aliya Deri, Samir Patel and Rajiv Tarigopula.
has agreed to sell the rights to this publicly owned property to Mr. Johnson and the Jets for a mere $250 million.
As a result, people often wait hours to seek help, a delay that can be lethal.
He praised the outpouring of private charity to the displaced, but said the costs of restoring lives would affect all Americans, as would the horror of the storm's carnage.
One is how flexible a restriction on access to abortion must be when a woman's pregnancy poses a threat to her health.
Or from flames fanned by impassioned critics.
Chevron pointed out that in recent weeks it has secured all the required regulatory approvals, from both the Federal Trade Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
But merlot is the focus.
What wins friends in the local community?
The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington rejected a request by Research in Motion, the Canadian company that makes the BlackBerry, to rehear its appeal of a patent infringement case brought by NTP Inc., the patent holder.
No request is taken lightly.
Whether whispered from Dharamsala, the Dalai Lama's home in exile, or expounded from the institute's headquarters, such a rejection of a purely physical reality is a proposition that the pope might well be comfortable with.
41, (44-207) 404-4422, www.flaneur.com, the kind of place I wish would open in my neighborhood.
Facing such stiff fines, Mr. Tinker said, "The real question here is what is the settlement going to be?
Normally that train gets close to full once it has stopped at Newark, Newark Airport, Metro Park and Trenton, N.J., Ms. Feder said, but on Friday people were crowded into the aisles before it left Penn Station.
So the corporation took another unusual step.
The plain is a way station on the annual migration of thousands of caribou and many more migratory birds.
As you know, I'm the only member of the staff who eats three meals a day in the mess.
Two meals a day are included, prepared and served in the cafeteria, which also has breakfast food that's available all day.
"Carl, he led the way for us," said Joe Caucino, a rush of tears filling his eyes.
"Dima" ("Always"), a jittery, electronica-streaked ballad that Mr. Taha wrote with Mr. Hillage and Brian Eno, cries out from the diaspora to Arabs suffering under repressive regimes: "If you sang what I sang, they'd chase you/If you wrote what I have written, they'd burn you."
In the arrangement with Chrysler, the company invoked a little-known provision of its labor contract that allows for a revamping of some aspects of its health care agreements if costs accelerate.
Mr. Garang, 60, is a burly, bearded academic with a fiery temper and a way with words.
On a recent Saturday at the D.M.V.
Mr. Smith hand-prints the pictures onto cotton canvas using soy-based inks and stretches the canvas over a hardwood frame.
But people come to Beaver Creek for the whole package, which has made it a Top 10 choice (sixth this year) in Ski Magazine's annual reader's survey of favorite ski areas for several years.
He was the Associate Dean and a lecturer in English literature.
John A. Yoegel New Fairfield, Conn.
"I think everyone has accepted that.
"Maybe the procedures we have in place already are fine if they are followed.
"At Linfield, I'm actually learning," he said.
There are many causes of vertigo, most of them temporary and treatable, but sometimes the condition signals a serious problem, like a tumor or a stroke.
Even if a skin cream contains plenty of cocoa, and even if you leave it on for a few minutes so that it has time to interact with the skin, it still may not work its antioxidant magic.
Before the shareholder vote, Coca-Cola's management recommended a "no" vote on the proposal.
I support the proposal to bury West Street, and for exactly the reasons Ms. Glick suggests that residents are opposed -- because the area is residential and not just an economic center.
Mr. Leahy assured me such concerns are unwarranted.
"This place has gotten me through a lot of hard times," she said.
The contralto Kathleen Ferrier and the tenors Peter Pears and Ian Bostridge come to mind.
Collagen injections or surgery may give people more youthful looking faces, but only for a while.
"We are looking for things to do in San Francisco," Ms. Anderson said.
Bertelsmann's recent deals have tended to be small scale, like the purchase of a German automotive publisher by Gruner & Jahr, its magazine division.
The collection is considered national patrimony.
As the silence went on, she became convinced that something was "definitely wrong with him, or something is wrong with the situation he's in."
This, of course, is not only a result of how people hear but also what they hear.
The drivers, led by a hard-line union president, Roger Toussaint, have painted themselves into a corner, but they're conceding enough in terms of health benefits that some lowering of the retirement age seems plausible.
Sponsored by the Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment.
Then discuss: “What were some differences between the narrative text and oral narrative?
A committee headed by two independent Sunnis -- Noori al-Rawi, Iraq's departing culture minister, and Zuhair Chalabi, the minister of human rights -- met with members of the Shiite group, the United Iraqi Alliance, and relayed the request on behalf of the Sunni parties, said Sami al-Askari, an alliance member briefed on the meeting.
"It's a convenient link," he says, "but it's very difficult to show a connection."
"I see the staples from last winter on the frames."
Of these, the ones to eat right there in the market are the smoky, dense salmon "candy" and a lightly done lemon-pepper number that in its own rugged way approximates the sablefish available at Russ & Daughters in downtown Manhattan.
Still, I wondered how such a dangerous and disposable organ could survive over evolutionary time.
Hours: Tuesdays through Thursdays, 2 to 9 p.m.; Fridays, 1 to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
He helped close a budget gap by packaging the city's property tax liens and selling them to investors.
California's $300 billion pension system for its public employees is the largest state system in the nation and as early as this summer, Californians will be asked to vote on the proposed changes.
The Patriots will be in nearby St. Augustine, the oldest city in the nation, at the World Golf Village, which has two courses and the World Golf Hall of Fame.
Mr. Beyer joined RCA in 1947 as a tax attorney and was elected general counsel in 1978.
The online ads have what Mr. Combuechen described as an "inclusive, celebratory" tone, meant to reflect the personality that America Online is seeking to impart to the site.
Modern design is segmenting into periods, schools and styles of collecting.
A -- Stuart M. Saft, a Manhattan lawyer who is chairman of the Council of New York Cooperatives and Condominiums, said that the operation of a condominium in New York is guided by the state's Condominium Act and the terms of the condo's declaration and bylaws.
The family invites friends and relatives to remember him at their home in Great Neck.
Latex gloves were strewn on the floor.
A lot of money is currently being spent to try to find a drug for black hypertension.
I want to see her face.
All Ms. Rowlands needs now is a picture worthy of her splendid menace.
"Cameos reveal the manners, customs, philosophies, historic events and social occasions that have marked our past."
"It read like a 70's movie, which we all miss," said Mr. Gordon in a telephone interview.
And in Virginia, the Republican, Jerry Kilgore, failed to gain traction with ads in which the father of a murder victim claimed that the Democrat, Timothy Kaine, would have opposed the death penalty for Hitler.
For nearly a century, the station and its soaring stacks have stood sentry along the Hudson River, providing a treasured and unmistakable feature of the Yonkers skyline.
According to The Harbour Report, an influential gauge of productivity and profitability that is closely watched in the auto industry, Toyota, Nissan and Honda spent less time building their cars and trucks in North America last year than General Motors, Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler.
Sponsored by the Washington Square United Methodist Church.
Stockpiling enough antiviral doses to cover high-risk populations and essential workers.
Evidence of that was Donovan Newman, a burly fan who spent most of Sunday near the first tee sitting in the shade of a tree that was about 15 yards from a concession stand.
The title song affirms his ambition in thug terms -- by promising his girl a Mercedes and a shopping spree -- while "From a Woman's Hand" clumsily considers single mothers and absent fathers.
But he said there was nothing wrong with the Suns' approach in Game 4, despite some statistical oddities.
Such sacrifice might entail opening up the floor layout and giving the clothes more room to breathe -- a change that might mean selling fewer of them.
"You should see Fanny by candlelight during a formal dinner in what was once a great plantation mansion!"
This race-reversing production, which stars Leslie Uggams in the Katharine Hepburn role, comes to Broadway amid a crush of other big-name revivals, including another colorblind production, "Julius Caesar," starring Denzel Washington, which opens tonight.
Still, I often feel nothing but relief when I finally make it into my seat and the plane has lifted off.
"Color" recalls the dispersed musicians back onto a single stage, but it is no less exacting in its attention to the tactile qualities of sound unfolding in space: a transformation with suspense, at once gradual and unrelenting.
Activity slowed across most of the economy, from consumer spending to government consumption, but the sharpest retreat was in corporate investment, which expanded at barely a third of the pace of its growth in the last three months of 2004.
$24.95 THE TOMB IN SEVILLE Crossing Spain on the Brink of Civil War.
"Political candidates have to do things in their own way, to choose the way forward in race A, B, C or D that makes the most sense for them," said Peter Kermani, the Republican leader in Albany County and a supporter of Ms. Pirro's.
In New Cassel, by contrast, social workers came, not the police.
Since August, 175 cases have been discovered in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties.
"Potential hits, in my world, that's what I called them," he said, occasionally closing his eyes or rubbing his forehead as he spoke in a monotone.
"Ralph Lauren and the others are trying to capture that audience."
The Blue Jays used a walk, a single, a sacrifice bunt and Russ Adams's deep sacrifice fly off Craig Hansen to move ahead by 6-5 in the eighth, helping squash Boston's chance to grab a critical sweep.
Again, negotiations continued during the strike.
The article said the prosecutor was alerted to the previously undisclosed conversation by the administration official on Nov. 3.
Mr. Baumann assured me this would go away, and soon it did.
Business has never been better at the Pelham Bake Shop & Cafe, where Maria Fumaso, who owns the shop with her husband, Victor, is too busy to think much about the economics of the real estate that surrounds her.
To succeed downtown, Mr. Cahill will need to have Mr. Pataki's ear at all times.
But Lori Brown, a resident of Oakland, N.J., said she had made such detours lately at the urging of her husband, a limousine driver who spends about $90 a day on gas.
If I tell him later, he might think of things he would have done if he had known and hate me.
"The practice of meditation is a human behavior, and the Dalai Lama is extraordinarily skilled at it and at promoting qualities of peace and compassion that I thought could bring us together," said Dr. Barnes, a professor of psychology and neurology at the University of Arizona who invited the Dalai Lama to speak last February.
Mr. Groark also said Mr. Ross could not deal with the rejection from a former girlfriend, Susan Powers, who "abandoned him" in 2002.
Judge Hogan ordered her jailed at Alexandria Detention Center in Northern Virginia until she agreed to testify or the grand jury's term expired on Oct. 28.
REBOUNDS The MSG Network will televise Thursday's summer league game against Orlando, live at 4 p.m., and Saturday's game against Washington, on tape delay at 11 p.m.
HOCKEY National Hockey League CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS--Named Dale Tallon general manager.
Henderson said he was trying to explain to Coughlin that he would get his players under control.
Chairman of Radiology Marc Katz, Corp. Director, Radiology Edward Asante, Administrator, Radiology
With his black curls bouncing, he scampered about, playfully pilfering coins from his father's pocket and babbling nonstop in baby talk.
Sponsored by the Modern Committee, which she heads -- a furiously active branch of the city's dominant preservation organization, the Los Angeles Conservancy -- the tour brought a flood of tourists into the neighborhood.
"I don't know how it happened," she said.
After the war she and her family moved to the United States where she grew up in suburban New Jersey.
Under Public Service Commission regulations, Verizon is supposed to restore service to 80 percent of its affected customers within 24 hours.
HOT MARKET -- nocoPhillips, the nation's third-largest oil company, made a swift move to buy Burlington Resources, offering $35.6 billion in cash and stock, or about 20 percent above the market price.
Cherished by friends and relatives.
That is because stocks are falling now on a surge in fears of slower economic growth.
Without naming names, Mr. Paul said that he was assembling a "dream team" of Republican lawyers to replace Judicial Watch in that civil suit.
(Scribner/Pocket Books, $15 and $7.99.)
He does not care that Wright had hit a weak fly ball to right field Monday night.
Monday's performance at the Public Theater of the monodrama by Roberto Athayde about a schoolteacher (with the audience as the students) is part of the Public's celebration of its 50-year history.
The tip set in motion a series of taped phone calls and meetings that led to Mr. Grecula's arrest.
The room, which offers spectacular mountain views, smells like a combination of mulch and chlorine.
The Prince of Darkness chooses a Romanian woman to be the mother of the Antichrist.
Every day soldiers, including women, come under enemy fire.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Grappa-cured salmon, tuna with preserved lemon, egg ravioli with morels and fava beans, spinach pasta with peas and porcini mushrooms, angel-hair pasta with fish and capers and olives, Caesar salad, fennel salad (anchovies on the side), salmon with pickled ramps, snapper with fava beans and greens, almond cannoli, baked Alaska.
"They are among our better students populating the institution."
With a television show, you've got to be looking way ahead in terms of how it's going to evolve."
Meanwhile, Republicans had better begin searching for fresh faces outside the encrusted inner circle of power before their majority fades in tandem with Mr. DeLay.
Certainly, the administration erased caveats, dissents and doubts from the intelligence reports before showing them to the public.
When Mr. Lang showed his first collection in Paris in 1986, his spare structured designs ushered in a new wave of minimalism, which made him an instant star.
Like his movie character Rambo, Sylvester Stallone is not afraid of a fight.
Accordingly, Morgans are profoundly hand-built, using methods and tools dating from the 1930's.
And though titles are an imperfect solution, they do the job.
Guidant also would not say what percentage of its defibrillator sales were affected by the faulty switch.
Just as puzzling is the existence of homophobia.
These are the houses in which some frightening movies -- including "Halloween" (a California house, above, where Michael Meyers lurked), "Scream" and "The Sixth Sense" -- were filmed.
Bernice left behind her loving husband, Harold, of 43 years; her children who loved her dearly and will miss her greatly, Wayne (Iris), Cheryl (Joe), Laurence (Susan), and Michael (Nancy) and Allyn.
The creamy Rappahannock shellfish found its way into Ms. Vines-Rushing's trademark dish, oysters Rockefeller deconstructed.
If you could, would love to have you perform for us around sometime around 19:30.
B1 Indictment in Dancer's Death An acquaintance of an aspiring dancer from Ohio found slain in her Upper East Side apartment last month was charged in her murder after a bloody fingerprint at the scene linked him to the crime.
It had little or no idea what the secret research was about and received little in the bargain: a paltry management fee and much grief from pacifist students and faculty members.
For some religious fundamentalists, this may indeed be a way of making room for God in science classes.
The takeover, the shipping industry's biggest ever, would give Moeller more than twice the capacity of its nearest rival the Mediterranean Shipping Company and add leverage in contract talks with customers like Wal-Mart Stores.
Roger Whitney Shattuck was born in Manhattan on Aug. 20, 1923.
"I know that I can do this job.
The company said it planned to produce chips that are suited to long-term storage of digital photos.
"This is our Friday night," Hollin tells the crowd.
For sale by the owner, Lisa Connor, 817-821-9422; www.vacationtimesharerentals.com/ads/8212.
Mr. Holley took issue with that reasoning, saying the merits of the law were not directly before the court.
"It is unlike any other city in the world."
Specialist Graner swiveled his chair nervously, occasionally smiling, laughing and gesturing as he explained his actions.
has embarked on" with its accusations.
"Changing someone's identity is a last resort, because it's such a complicated, cumbersome process," said Karen Martin, a psychologist who is the Retreat's clinical director.
It will require the enthusiastic participation of an Islamic religious establishment whose influence over disaffected youth is unclear.
Senator Bruno, whom Mr. Pataki helped install as majority leader more than a decade ago, spent last week as a thorn in the governor's side, calling on Mrs. Pirro to drop out of the Senate race, playing havoc with some of the governor's appointments and continuing his long flirtation with Mr. Golisano.
His mother retired as a second-grade teacher at Riverside Elementary School in Coral Springs, Fla. His father is the president of Marill Security Services, a security guard company in Boca Raton.
You can get out of sync or get hurt."
6 to 9 p.m., El Museo del Barrio, 1230 Fifth Avenue, at 104th Street, East Harlem.
With global support and African mothers' strength, we are indeed "on the verge of a recovery boom."
As customers flee, the company is short of cash.
But as the Internet booms, China is growing more politically closed.
"I was in utter shock."
Mr. Heppner has recorded excerpts of both, including the entire third act of "Siegfried" with James Levine and the Munich Philharmonic.
"I am again an outsider, an interested, fascinated, charmed outsider.
He is considering whether he might include water, garbage removal, electricity, plumbing and property taxes as part of the university's spending per student.
r. What did Mr. George suggest about the Oneida’s decision to side with the colonialists?
The house was torn down in 1931 by an apartment developer, after a last-minute salvage attempt.
"He always wanted to do it," she said of her husband's decision to join the force.
“Does Santa possess the ability to destroy the world’s trees?” he asked.
A SUBSET OF CELEBRITIES FOR WHOM THE RULES DON'T APPLY.
Cameron was thrown out, and Willis scrambled after the ball to throw out Piazza.
He said that the board opted for pseudobulbar affect because it was more medically precise than emotional lability, which can encompass other syndromes.
Al Sharpton, he is trying to counter rumors about his presidential campaign finances while still minting his national profile with meetings like his dinner this week with black leaders at Senator John Kerry's Washington home, where 2008 is a likely topic.
But this noble sensibility ignores a crucial fact about the teaching profession in Westchester County: Teacher pay levels in Scarsdale, and several other districts in the county, are now high enough to constitute an entry ticket to upper-middle-class income and status.
When arrested, they are exiled to the Moon to work at the concession stands in Triple M theme parks.
He founded the NYSE firm of Bernard Herold and Company Inc, and never stopped going to work every day.
Pennington said after his most recent surgery in October that he planned to be back throwing in May and back in the starting lineup when the Jets open their 2006 season.
In the daytime, we worked.
into various local markets across the country.
Services Bloomfield-Cooper Jewish Chapels, 44 Wilson Ave., Manalapan, NJ, Wednesday, 1 PM.
And having a flight attendant sing an in-flight safety announcement makes her seem more like an in-flight M.C.
As a class, read and discuss the article “Mother Culture, or Only a Sister?” ( //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20050316wednesday.html ), focusing on the following questions: a.
1 choice, citing its fuel economy and crash-test ratings, and headed to a Honda dealership.
The "Homme Armé" theme is at the piece's heart all along, but the pianissimo descending slides, tapping sounds, eerie harmonies and spiky variations keep the spirit of the piece in the 21st century.
"In 1928, there was no way to forecast the Depression, World War II, the birth-control pill.
Drug addicts can clean their needles with bleach, and condoms are readily available.
Mainly, though, the message is the same on both albums: "Atomic Bomb," like its predecessor, pays tribute to the joy of making noise with people you love.
Fears that the fire might have harmed the groundwater have also dimmed.
Serve hot, warm or at room temperature, with crème fraîche or sour cream.
Originally used in mainframe computing applications, the technology is now being exploited by consumer electronics designers to run demanding applications like video decompression and decryption simultaneously.
He took Advanced Placement calculus, history, economics and other honors classes.
Work stopped for a week at an apartment building designed by Frank Gehry for the InterActive Corporation on the West Side Highway, between 18th and 19th Streets, as well as two residential towers under construction near 57th Street and Third Avenue and an additional apartment house at 88 Leonard Street.
(Stephen Holden) ANNIE ROSS (Wednesday) Cool, funny, swinging and indestructible, this 75-year-old singer and sometime actress exemplifies old-time hip in its most generous incarnation.
10 P.M. (7) EMPIRE "The Hunt."
It can be very distracting."
Another example: Ms. Friedberger's notes from junior high school that detailed her grandmother's tales of city life in the 30's and 40's.
The program repeats tonight at 8 and tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m. at Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212)864-5400.
"It is economical and energy-efficient to reuse something," Ms. Korb said, noting the abundance of shipping containers that could be salvaged worldwide.
"It sends a nice message to government that it cannot be grossly arbitrary in its administrative and legislative acts."
"Being a female boarding officer is a huge asset because they are so curious they want to talk to us more, so we can learn more things," said Renya Hernandez, the 24-year-old female exec officer of the Monomoy.
Instead, Dr. Hurwitz has been prosecuted as a drug kingpin because some patients sold their pills, although prosecutors never claimed he made a penny from it.
His attraction turned into a lifetime obsession, which he indulges to the fullest in "The World in a Phrase," his entertaining love letter to the compact form he calls "literature's hand luggage."
"It's a classic story in New York, the city's inability, under Lindsay, to get the snow off the streets," said William B. Eimicke, a professor of public administration at Columbia University.
Does his nose ever stop running?
I don't believe I know it myself," Lily says at one point, and audience members may relate.)
But what she pulled out wasn't the gold satin dress she was supposed to be wearing the next afternoon, but a clutch of men's shirts she had never seen before.
The Army, taking advantage of its recruit's expertise, put him in charge of a 40-member orchestra that performed jazz, Broadway tunes and standards at U.S.O.
"In addition, a summary of the planned story was provided to the C.I.A.
"I'm George," the president told her.
These include expenses for orientation, advertising, training and background checks.
A10 Gang-Rape Victim to Visit U.S. Mukhtar Mai, the Pakistani woman whose gang rape in 2002 on the orders of a village council caused international outrage, said she planned to visit the United States to receive an award from an American women's magazine.
Salinity has risen across the board, with the highest concentrations in the White Mountains, where some rural streams have chloride concentrations above 100 milligrams per liter.
But this victory over Pierce was reaffirming because of her ability to keep her nerve down the stretch and because her forehand, so shaky under pressure the last two years, held up beautifully.
Mr. McCain was right to reject this absurd proposal.
"The Boston Globe is just struggling mightily," said Mr. Arthur, the analyst.
Wesleyan graduates often work together on projects.
Mr. Rosen, who has pleaded not guilty to the charges stemming from the Clinton fund-raiser, is to go on trial in Los Angeles on May 3.
The Maoist insurgents, who have been fighting the government since 1996, officially welcome foreign tourists.
The dancers are handsome and energetic, and there are persistent allusions to capoeira kicks and Brazilian street dance.
WASHINGTON, June 23 - Trying to prod him into seeking their advice before making Supreme Court nominations, Senate Democrats reminded President Bush on Thursday that the centerpiece of a recent bipartisan compromise on judges was "a call for genuine consultation."
When, after much medical intervention, she and her husband found they were unable to have children, she bought four dogs -- three German shepherds and a Pharaoh Hound.
One of the most controversial is a $1.3 billion dam proposed for the Theun River, a major Mekong tributary in Laos, a plan that has been fought over for more than a decade.
He is not a Spiritualist himself, but that doesn't seem to matter.
The league is showcasing the Raiders this season more than it usually does a team coming off a losing season, with Oakland also playing nationally televised night games against Kansas City, San Diego and the Giants.
The hiring of Ms. Berman, they said, suggested that Mr. Grey simply wanted to surround himself with executives of his own choosing.
"My mother was a social butterfly," Ms. Smith volunteered.
"ISN'T that where Osama bin Laden is hiding?"
Your bond of love with Heather, Kaitlin, Nick and MacGregor is something many people are never lucky enough to have.
Back then Kobe used the Clippers as leverage during free agency to coerce the Lakers' owner, Jerry Buss, helplessly smitten with Bryant, into indulging his every wish even though his ego was certain to destroy the team.
According to Ms. Patricio's relatives, her mother, Marta Montas, arrived home at 9 p.m. Thursday and found the door to the apartment unlocked, the lights off and the glare of a television screen visible through a crack in her daughter's bedroom door.
"I'm enough of a student in my own life that I know what engages me, and I try to make wonderful things happen in my classroom."
But Williams said: "Gary's not going to be upset because of what Matsui's making.
The Class AAA second baseman Jeff Keppinger would have been considered as a replacement for Matsui, but he fractured a knee as the result of a takeout slide at second on Wednesday.
Mr. Alamaro added, "It should be criminal to throw these drugs away, and instead it's required."
But Ms. Spellings has said that a non-negotiable feature is the law's requirement that test results be broken down by student groups, so that parents and other can identify when minority, white and other student groups are achieving at different levels.
A Pleistocene Park would press us to put our money where our mouth is: You want wild nature?
-What is the patient’s social class?
"I know Mr. Tom DeLay is having problems in Congress now, but I was very proud to bring someone of his stature out here," Mr. Tenorio continued, recalling a visit by Mr. DeLay for Christmas 1997 accompanied by his wife, his daughter and three aides.
Moss then had a clear path to the end zone.
KEY ADDITION -- Jason Bartlett KEY LOSSES -- Koskie, Guzman KEY TO SEASON -- They had their catcher, Joe Mauer, for only 29 starts last season, and his presence could help make up for whatever loss they suffer on the left side of the infield.
Dr. Julian E. Bailes, the chairman of the department of neurosurgery at the West Virginia University School of Medicine, was one of those who testified.
Based on the study, Ms. Stone of the Institute for the Future of Aging Services at the American Association of Homes and Services for the Aging is writing guidelines for nursing homes looking to attract active residents.
Bloomberg administration officials have also insisted that the overall cost estimate -- $107 per ton -- is sufficient for an accurate gauge.
The team sent an e-mail message to the other major league clubs asking to be called Los Angeles and listing its team abbreviation as LA or LAA, but not the current ANA.
Though Mr. Moss has managed to fare well, the Michael Jackson impersonating industry has taken a hit in recent years, Elyse Del Francia, Mr. Moss's agent, said.
When I told them my name, they said: 'Ohhh, we know you.
Caroline Baron co-produced the 1999 picture "Flawless," which stars Mr. Hoffman as a drag queen who helps Robert De Niro's character overcome a speech impediment caused by a stroke.
The production was planning to hire two more standbys -- for a total of seven -- which might make switches less complex.
But Senator Snowe introduced a bill calling for a credit after the Senate repeatedly voted down attempts to provide heating aid in a more direct and timely way.
She said she saw a wall of her apartment fall away, and she landed, still in her bed, near the front room of a downstairs neighbor's apartment.
(New York City is not working in a vacuum, and some bid officials were becoming increasingly concerned Monday that the Europeans were also arguing that New York City will be all the more ready in 2016.)
The executive order was reported by The Daily News on Tuesday.
We do not have visibility all over Iraq in every location."
Now is a good time to visit this institution, and not just for what's new, like "Timescapes," a deft multiscreen summary of the history of New York.
(1990); mother of Michael of New York and Brussels, and Philip and his wife Shelia of Chatham; grandmother of Michael, Christopher, Caroline and Grace.
After the walk, Ms. Upmeyer said, she was very impressed.
Whole Foods, the organic food market chain, is jumping in.
Companies nonchalantly eliminate the best candidates by insisting that they work on-site (no exceptions even for disabilities) simply to keep an eye on them.
Rabbi Lewis D. Solomon officiated at Celebrations at the Bay, an event space in Pasadena, Md.
Radio-head boy loves CD-head girl, and that's about it in Jonathan Nix's lovely romance "Hello" (2003); meanwhile, in Peter Cornwell's "Ward 13" (2003), a hospital patient makes an eye-popping escape, only to enter a chase flick as seemingly interminable as the last act in the last Bruckheimer blowout.
With no attic or storage bins stuffed with family heirlooms to pick over, buying furnishings through craigslist was a way to fill the rooms of the house, which cost $500,000, quickly and cheaply.
Recorded in Egypt with the Egyptian orchestral musician Fathy Salama, its devotional songs provide a glimpse into Islam through the lens of a Senegalese Sufism that emphasizes tolerance.
Why did Clark's double bounce over the wall?
The invitation to write for an octet and big audiences is a great opportunity for the musicians; it's perhaps less great for audiences.
U.S. Interrogator Pleads Guilty FORT BLISS, Tex., Sept. 28 (AP) -- An American military intelligence interrogator pleaded guilty Wednesday to maltreatment and assault for assaulting a detainee in Afghanistan who later died.
Preparing to receive podcasts for the first time used to be cumbersome.
I would avoid quarterbacks, unless you can get Peyton Manning.
Cameras follow Ms. Colvin as she reports the discovery of a mass grave of Iraqis slaughtered right after the first Iraqi war in 1991.
Possibly the best thing about Bethnal Green at night is the Bethnal Green Working Men's Club, (44-20) 7739-2727.
"Fried chicken, string beans, ham, potato salad, pig tails cooked with sauerkraut," he said, listing the dishes he is usually served.
Mr. Lynton of Sony was adamant that the theatrical experience should be protected, while Mr. Shaye said he was still "on the fence" on the subject.
The flip side of Lilly's plan is that drugs it develops may be used more narrowly than current treatments.
If you are old enough to have sex, you are old enough to start saving in a sensible way for your retirement, as my investment guide, Phil DeMuth, says.
1 Minnesota (8-8) STRENGTHS -- After a brilliant year, Culpepper can take full leadership of the offense, now that Moss has been traded to Oakland.
2 45 THE TIPPING POINT, by Malcolm Gladwell.
Long Islanders also pay high sales taxes.
April 23 and 24, 1 to 3 p.m.
If you use a thorough inspector with no ties to the agents in the deal, you should have a good idea of the problems with any house.
"Managed lanes" (buses, high-occupancy vehicles, trucks) and rail would be provided.
However, he likes a few drops of black coffee in the morning.
Classic food offerings like shrimp cocktail and organic baby greens are fine, but why bother when you can have goat-cheese wonton salad, where lightly sautéed, pastry-enclosed spinach and cheese add complexity to the lettuce.
Devoted grandma of Sam, Max, Emily and Megan.
At first, Mrs. Landhauser said, her dry mouth, a telltale symptom, was mistaken as a side effect of pills she was taking for her headaches.
Our sympathy to her husband Ralph and her children, Audrey, Sammy, Morris and Frieda.
Instead of trying to convey the drama of troops in motion, NBC Mobile lingered wisely on still lifes: a car windshield pierced by a bullet, a bloody handprint on a concrete wall.
But simply putting more guards and towers in the Arizona desert won't keep America safe.
When he hired Pearl in 2001, Haidet wanted more than a coach.
He does not stop in places called Heights; he drives until he gets to places called Island, Long and Staten mostly, where he has a wife and a kid and a yard and a dog.
First Chapters: Excerpts from "Specimen Days," by Michael Cunningham; "King of the Jews," by Nick Tosches; and other books.
"Terrorism" depicts people disappointing and then punishing one another; bosses and colleagues mutually terrorized in the banal setting that is corporate life; and law enforcement officers, those society places in charge of its protection, privately mocking our vulnerability.
"I watched 'Cheers' and 'Friends,"' said her boyfriend, Paul Perry, 34, who is out of work while recuperating from shoulder surgery.
After the salary-cap-strapped Titans decided against making Kearse their franchise player at a cost of $6.5 million, he signed a multiyear deal with the Philadelphia Eagles that included a $16 million signing bonus.
Offensive tackle Jon Runyan, a key blocker, is expected to play despite strained knee ligaments.
The parliamentary elections were widely viewed as the first chance to see if Mr. Mubarak -- elected to a fifth term in September -- and his governing National Democratic Party would follow through on that promise.
"One thing that does not change is government," Ms. Carter said, and she meant that reassuringly.
Robinson, who was suspended as a manager twice before, once with Cleveland and once with Baltimore, served this latest suspension last night, sitting out the Nationals' game in Pittsburgh, a 7-4 Nationals victory.
We reject the smug ignorance of, say, a Robert Kuttner, who recently argued that the culture war is a contest between enlightened reason and dogmatic absolutism.
THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 9-4-05: CONSUMED E-mail: consumed@nytimes.com.
Lew, you were the most unforgettable man I ever met.
She won a marathon for the first time in Osaka, Japan, in January by overtaking the leader, Hiromi Ominami, in the final few miles.
What is true for electrons, he said, should be true as well for cats.
A 1993 decision involving bias claims drew a sharp response from another federal appeals judge and showed how Judge Alito's approach frustrated some civil rights lawyers.
"I think the maneuvers of this week probably aren't going to help either side in the election," said John J. Pitney Jr., professor of government at Claremont McKenna College in California.
What goes on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three legs in the evening?
Until 1949, the Army Corps of Engineers continued to use the unified island as a base for surveying and removing hazards.
Prices for SQL Server 2005 range from about $6,000 a server processor for the standard version to $25,000 a processor for a version intended for very large companies.
He wrote revealingly about his homosexuality in "Mainly About Lindsay Anderson" (2000), a combination biography and memoir that was nominally about Anderson, the British film and theater director who was Mr. Lambert's lifelong friend.
6-ranked Duke 22-5, 11-5 Atlantic Coast Conference), after all, had nearly put this game away before No.
Krehbiels Specialty Meats, a processor about 15 miles from Mr. Reese's farm, has agreed to sell any surplus American Bronze turkeys.
On a $400,000 loan, for example, a buyer who made only minimum payments over the first five years would add more than $27,000 to the end of the loan, assuming short-term rates increase by one percentage point over the course of the loan, said Robert Binette, a mortgage broker with Hamilton Mortgage in Ridgefield, Conn.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Friday night.
Then I had no right to deprive the country of their services."
They were doing a show in Las Vegas, and they flew in for the holidays here.
The festival, now in its 39th season, runs through Aug. 27.
"O.K., guys," he shouted to his men, "let's ride back."
Although the presence of disguised police officers at such events is limited by the settlement, Mr. Browne said those restrictions did not apply to officers who attend to keep order.
Greg Crance, who sells hot dogs from a boat in the Delaware River to tourists who raft and canoe there in the summer, said revenue had been higher since he bought a cellphone that accepts credit cards five years ago.
The Kurds, non-Arab Sunnis who live in the northeastern part of the country, seem to believe that the elections will bring them what they most want: relative autonomy to conduct their own affairs as part of an Iraqi federation.
update: After months of effort by the letter writer, the magazine agreed to credit her on its Web site as the photo editor of the honored issues.
Though many states require nursing homes, hospitals and consumers to follow specified procedures for drug disposal, the rules add costs and are largely ignored, state health officials and others say.
Their region has yet to make a name for itself with much of the public, and they have been hard-pressed to extend their market beyond New York City.
"What do you think of France?"
"Now we have to lay the groundwork for the 20-year-old woman."
Next year, joined by botanists, horticulturalists, ornithologists and other experts, the Endeavour will sail between Easter Island and Papua New Guinea.
to sort through the mounds of material prepared to buttress the case against Saddam Hussein on the eve of the Iraq war, for the lengthy presentation the secretary gave on Feb. 5, 2003, at the United Nations Security Council.
New York's squatter communities had their own stores, bars and even roadside inns.
Buyer: Willett Seller: Unilever Broker: Jay Hruska, Cushman & Wakefield For Lease $36/square foot total asking rent about $1.5 million annually 1372 Broadway between 37th and 38th Streets Manhattan The deal involves subleasing 43,708 square feet.
"I checked with the Sheriff's Department to see if I could use my gun, and they said if I do, make sure he's dead," said Mr. Faris, 48, brandishing a 9-millimeter pistol, as customers filed into the store to buy frozen pizzas, beer and beef jerky.
The Joyce performances begin on Tuesday at 7 p.m. with a gala and reception that offers a taste of what is to come, with awards presented to Sarah Petronio and the tap historian Delilah Jackson.
Asked why he chose to teach this particular subject, he said, "First ladies are often more interesting than the presidents."
In 1892 the store caught fire, and the clock tower fell down to Fulton Street, demolishing the elevated station there.
Directed by Yelena Lanskaya; Robert Halmi Sr., executive producer; teleplay by Stephen Harrigan; Jon Joffin, director of photography; Misha Segal, composer; Matthew Budgeon, production designer; casting by Lynn Kressel; produced by Matthew O'Conner.
Aggressive bidding, especially North's five-heart control-bid (cue-bid), pushed Hamman into a thin six clubs.
Fewer blessings rain on people like Terry, a well-dressed, imperious woman of about 40 who materialized in a recent episode as a defendant who snootily asks Annabeth where she went to law school.
Jason Swamy (Le Souk, Crobar) and the bar owner Johnny T (Niagara, Black & White) -- had mixed a crowd of bankers, club kids and old-timers nostalgic for New York's wanton dance scene.
Get a farmer's leveling service to do it for you.
"Our interest is only justice," Mr. Tygart said.
Look closer at this large etching, however, and you find that areas of an amorphous land mass are labeled by words like Myth, Cliché and Fear, and that many tiny buildings have labels like Cuddle, Total Concentration and Amputee.
Rabbi Marcia Rappaport officiated at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
Sponsored by the Village Alliance Business Improvement District.
8 p.m., University Settlement, 184 Eldridge Street, at Rivington Street, Lower East Side, (212)696-7364, $15; $10, limited income or with Dance/NYC's Dance Pass.
Mr. Greenspan also reiterated his plea for a renewal of "pay-go" restrictions that would require Congress to offset the cost of both new spending programs and new tax cuts with savings in other areas.
Larry A. Stevens Springfield, Ill., Jan. 26, 2005
Ms. Spindel arranges getting-to-know-you evenings.
He added that there might be no clear payoff from the ads.
Students could research on the Internet to examine related court cases.
But no officials could recall any monthlong general discounts, like these.
There will also be two fireworks displays, one at 6 p.m., and another at midnight.
Pellman also defended the use of the term strain to describe the injury at first, saying the Jets did not want to divulge too much information about the extent of the injury to opponents.
"We'll take them any way we can get them," middle linebacker Jeremiah Trotter said.
"We're swimming against the tide because many of the elected and appointed officials in the county are pro-development.
He's 35 years old -- he's in his prime.
"I accept them as volunteers," said Mr. Riggio, sitting at a conference table in his sleek downtown office filled with modern art.
Haslett said the team awarded two games balls -- one to Nagin for the city of New Orleans, and one to be kept in a trophy case to represent the people of the Gulf Coast.
Loving grandmother of two and greatmother of three.
New Jersey Transit and the A.C.L.U.
He has been rehabilitating in private workouts.
Would Manny be happy in New York?
Donations to the Ruth & Julius Wile Endowed Scholarship Fund of the Culinary Institute of America, Hyde Park, NY, or to White Plains Hospital Center.
There is also the possibility that children will pass up the kid-friendly version of digital audio players and cellphones and head straight for the adult version, a trend that analysts are already seeing with PC's and laptops.
For Nick at Nite, the median age during that time is 25, and for Comedy Central, 29.
Back then, hedge fund territory was the Wild West of international finance.
Though she was glad to have staved off her deadline anxiety for one more week, she confessed experiencing the slightest pang of regret for having written the skit: "You feel like, should I eat these cheese curls or should I eat a plate of lean protein and vegetables?
Tony Horwitz's books include "Blue Latitudes" and "Confederates in the Attic."
It also imposes new barriers to filing a series of successive bankruptcy filings over the years.
People are out there, cutting up trees for their neighbors.
People who study consumer behavior say the next threshold to watch for in reaction to rising prices is the number "3," as in $3 a gallon.
"The chancellor is solely responsible for these schools."
For a first-generation pet, we're talking a $5,000 minimum expenditure.
Wayne E. Sandford, the department's deputy commissioner, said department officials and state troopers would make recommendations where needed, but could not force municipal and private airports to make changes.
"This doesn't mean that they commit themselves to the view that this is all there is," Dr. Weinberg wrote in an e-mail message.
Mr. Tembo said he refused, and so the police finished the job, leveling his two-room home built of wooden poles and metal walls.
It's far from a perfect trade pact, if any such thing ever existed.
"This lady that works for us, her aunt makes these cakes in Queens and they're really like the cakes that you get in Cuba.
Wandering the Pullman cars provides a glimpse of an earlier era of luxurious rail travel with gleaming woodwork, brass fixtures and chefs working in the narrow confines of the kitchen car.
This is hardly a freak show.
Amanda lives with her parents, Carolyn and Larrie, and siblings Andriene, 13, and Zachary, 12.
Maremma refers to a southern stretch of the Tuscan coastline that few foreign tourists visit.
"Identification, with all the black luggage, is a big issue," said Buzz Kaehler, a luggage retailer who helped develop the Mosaic line.
But he does -- and here lies the book's big problem.
Meanwhile, Mr. Hammler's sister, Lori Irvin, had been searching the shelter in Dallas and trolling the buses that arrived at the basketball arena in Fort Worth.
The same year, he married the former Martha Havens.
"Any good agent will stage a home," said Kathy Frese, an agent with Prudential New Jersey Properties in Millburn.
Tonight the star patient is a United States senator (Joe Morton) whose symptoms and tests point to AIDS.
The bank's review is an example of what the advertising industry calls an agency-company or holding-company review in that it pitted against each other teams of agencies all owned by the same company -- here, Interpublic, Omnicom and WPP -- rather than individual agencies.
a cult following in Britain.
Mr. McClellan said Mr. Bush would reiterate his position in a public "conversation on Social Security" next week.
Years of underfinancing and borrowing have left the system on the threshold of a crisis bigger than anything since its nadir in the late 70's and early 80's.
The lives of the artists are similarly circumscribed.
The building has been called the Taj Mahal of Westchester office buildings because of its imposing appearance.
You merely have to look at the résumés of the Davidson Fellows, which list a stunning array of distinctions -- from music and Intel competitions to math and science olympiads to participation in highly selective summer programs.
president, Dr. Jacques Rogge, to warn the cities against engaging in a bidding war leading to July 6, when the I.O.C.
But the only way someone living there can see a top-five college football team on its home turf is to embark on a 500-mile trip: Blacksburg or bust.
The force under consideration would keep hundreds of soldiers standing by on short notice to assist National Guard soldiers.
It can only be based on foreign pressure."
Gifford Miller, the City Council speaker and a Democratic mayoral candidate, demanded yesterday that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg curb the city's rising costs of random bag searches on the subways by persuading the federal government to foot more of the bill.
As a class, read and discuss the article “Filling In the Many Gaps in American Surrealism” ( //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20050401friday.html ), focusing on the following questions: a.
(The error also occurred in unrelated articles on April 18, and May 26.)
"ABBOT KINNEY BOULEVARD is the nucleus of Venice," said Hillary Greene Shugrue, manager of French 50's-60's, the vintage French furniture and art store that sits at the south end of this Los Angeles street.
Grandmother of Melanie, Justin Goldfarb and Marissa Kimsey.
This is Chantelle's story too; she's fresh from rehab and has lost custody of her daughter.
To the Editor: Regarding "See Baby Touch a Screen," I can only say: Get thee to an art, science or children's museum, a zoo or a library, ye overly ambitious, lazy parents!
His father "never displayed his emotions," Dennis Tipps said.
He reconvened the group in January to assess current risks in the markets.
Altogether, there are about 15,000 units of housing now under review or being constructed along the river, according to an estimate by Scenic Hudson, an environmental organization.
(Classifications for the RX and Highlander hybrids vary by state, but none are as clean as PZEV's.)
Already, houses were nearly submerged in more than eight feet of water.
Donnkenny's chief executive, Daniel Levy, said in papers filed in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan that CIT Group/Commercial Services planned to withdraw its financing because Donnkenny violated certain covenants under a $65 million credit agreement.
She is Willnett Crockett, not Wilnett.
She painstakingly counted egg production by female barnacles and found that those at Cape Perpetua produced many times the number of eggs than those at Cape Foulweather.
"I'm just living life like normal."
The initial $350 million for the tsunami disaster would nearly eliminate funds available for any disaster later in the year.
She says, "You have nothing that I want," which wins applause.
But the country has struggled in past years to contain poachers who prey on elephants and rhinos.
Died on January 3, 2005 at the age of 88.
Stuart Match Suna, the president of Silvercup, home of "The Sopranos," said that "Steiner has helped the industry," though he acknowledged that it will eventually mean more competition for future productions.
If the Packers have it and quarterback Brett Favre decides not to retire, they would surely take Bush.
His photographs are based on performances in which he draws in the street or on a gallery wall and then interacts with the drawing.
That afternoon, after I was released from the hospital, I had time to shower, slip into my little black dress, and make it to the wedding.
Richard Wolffe, his collaborator on "Tapas," said, "He's a whirlwind -- an unbelievably talented, big-hearted, unbearable creature."
The state's attorney general, Phill Kline, said the pleas brought a "three-decade nightmare" to an end, while Gov.
BAGHDAD, Iraq, July 12 - Iraq's widely feared police commandos were struggling on Tuesday to explain how at least 10 Sunni Arab men and youths, one only 17, suffocated after a commando unit seized them from a hospital emergency ward and locked them in a police van in summer temperatures exceeding 110 degrees.
She used to correct people.
Worse, in the coldest of cold-war years, Europe appeared destined to be no more than a buffer between Washington and Moscow -- either an incandescent graveyard or, if it was lucky, merely a no man's land.
"I can say lots of things, but I don't think he ever hears me," Dearth said.
Ms. Eve, 41, of Buffalo, a daughter of Arthur O. Eve, a former deputy speaker of the State Assembly, is a former aide to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton.
"Some people look at our team and ask how it can be done with players so different.
How could you ever have thought this would be easy?
To help bolster the show, the Shanghai Gallery of Art, a privately financed contemporary art space, created a collection of prints based on some of Mr. Tan's original music scores.
Law enforcement officials argue that the number of wrongful convictions is tiny given that there are more than 2 million people in prison.
But Lisa has hung on better than Carol, which hit its peak in the 1940's in the Top 5, but by 2003 had since fallen out of the city's Top 500, far behind Luz, Yocheved and Fatima.
"A freeze would be an intermediate step, and we don't want that," the official said.
Let's make it a real test of opinion by adding, beside the "oui" and "non" slots, a "je ne sais pas" box.
One recent afternoon a woman whispered across the table to her dining companion that he should order the raw beef because "that's the specialty here."
For more than 40 years, we have had the distinct privilege to work closely with the Kahn family and Croscill Inc. David was a true visionary who will be missed by all who had the opportunity to know him.
Patrick Duggan, Nassau's deputy county executive for economic development, said last Monday $1.7 million was in sight to finance the construction of a 10,000-square-foot training center here.
"If we had a chance to rerun the last five years," Mr. Wagoner said, "we probably would have done a little more thinking about making sure that each product was distinctive and had a chance to be successful."
But family strife took its toll on the Robert Mondavi winery, too, which was especially telling considering how it sanctified the importance of "family" in marketing its wines.
That agency, part of the United States Department of Energy, forecast a 2 percent increase in OPEC revenue for 2005.
Torre has not been able to rest Williams because Hideki Matsui sprained his ankle two weeks ago in St. Louis.
Using 2004 grapes, the new producer, Sparkling Pointe, has made chardonnay and pinot noir wines from fruit bought from Mudd's Vineyard in Southold.
They're in a classroom 8 to 4 every day.
A trusted ally who could put his arm around you and introduce you to his friends.
Farewell to the fabulous SoHo loft.
Caption information is provided below.
It is the Blue Chip Growth fund, not Global Technology.
An adapter that turns your car's cigarette lighter into an electrical outlet for any appliance could be a lifesaver.
As he conveys the results of informative but flat-footed research, Mr. Dolnick cannot keep "The Rescue Artist" from drifting.
Anything nice enough was too expensive.
"It made me feel closer to New York City," he said.
In about 9 of 10 cases he evaluated, he said, he concluded that the drug did not contribute to violent behavior.
Another lets you add visual emoticons, the punctuation-based signals like :-) that e-mail users include to convey emotions.
In the reading test, the average score of 9-year-old black students increased 14 points on a 500-point scale, from 186 in 1999 to 200 in 2004.
What is the message of the song?
Although the works are being exhibited on a rotating basis at the Los Angeles County Museum, they have not been donated to it.
An academic on sabbatical in Berlin, he vows to give up television after noticing "a slight deterioration in my day-to-day habits."
The former had raucous private parties most nights that bled into the morning; she and Teresa, Adam's nanny, would be in tears by dawn, she said, "crying out of nerves and no sleep."
I did my napkin jotting furtively because I didn't want people to think I was gathering information on them.
WB has two shows with young female leads: in "Pepper Dennis," Rebecca Romijn plays an ambitious television reporter, and on "Halley's Comet" (with Audrey Marie Anderson and Adam LaVorgna, above right) a medical student who conquered a life-threatening illness finds herself working at the facility where she was a patient.
City Harvest Benefit PJ Wine will hold a tasting of dozens of wines from France, Italy, Spain and the New World, paired with food, on Nov. 16 from 7 to 10:30 p.m. at the Puck Building, 295 Lafayette Street (Houston Street) to benefit City Harvest.
"Pirate Song," which came through pretty much unscathed in 1950, remains a black comic pearl.
"Meeting these provisions represents a very high capital investment on the part of school bus contractors," said Peter R. Silverman, a lawyer who represents many of the companies.
But Democrats are keenly aware that they risk being labeled obstructionist if they vote in a bloc against a nominee like Judge Roberts, whose legal qualifications are impeccable.
"The Miss Marple of Botswana," a book jacket quote says of her.
As the situation worsened, the hospital brought in an outside consulting firm, Pitts Management Associates of Baton Rouge, La., including Ms. Brown.
Each time he pumped the crank with his thick arms, his biceps burned, his chest muscles tightened and his elbows ached.
m. What are officials’ expectations of ethnic news reporters?
Yet it also financed more esoteric pursuits like The New Criterion, a literary journal where typical fare is a long attack on the Modern Language Association, a society of English professors.
21 after the 1998 draft, but he was turned down.
Berkshire Hathaway, the company controlled by Warren E. Buffett, disclosed late yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission plans to file a civil securities fraud complaint against a senior vice president of the General Re Corporation, a Berkshire insurance unit mired in a number of investigations for possible financial manipulation.
And although Mr. Maldonado maintains his innocence, investigators have suggested that he turned on the shower faucet that morning and then deliberately locked the boys in the bathroom, a form of cruel punishment that apparently brought him to the attention of social workers two years earlier.
"This would have put millions of retirees at great risk for losing their retiree health coverage."
The Officers and Directors of the Realty Foundation of New York extend their heartfelt condolences to the entire Feinstein/Lilly families at this sad time.
John Lampl, a spokesman for British Airways, which is recovering from several days of delays and backups caused by a recent strike by caterers, was noncommittal.
Their big advantage, Frank Quinn said, is that his father, who spent tens of thousands of dollars on roughly half a dozen satellite phones almost immediately after the flooding began, was already looking ahead to the business opportunities inherent in rebuilding while potential rivals were still in a daze.
The judicial showdown that has preoccupied the Senate for weeks in bitter dispute was to many a foreshadowing of what might occur later this year, if there is a Supreme Court vacancy.
She sits on the ground with a hammer, hitting the bucket in an effort to pulverize the plaster and free her leg.
She paid the cabby $25, which was $5 more than what he would have charged her by the temporary rules, and coined a philosophy about ride sharing.
"He has the best relations with the West."
Eran Sternberg, a spokesman for the regional council, said, "We think this meeting was like negotiating with a shark that smelled the scent of blood, and now we have to negotiate how much blood to give him."
"There is definite fee creep going on at TIAA-CREF," Mr. Uphaus said.
He said the dismissals were part of a broad effort to update the camp's curriculum after 50 years of stasis.
And people are loyal to their favorites."
None of the employees really knew.
It's an odd trajectory that the ball's coming down from.
In a confused voice he asked me the location of the restaurant Per Se, where he had a coveted reservation.
member while planning to play a handful of events in her home country.
The confirmation of Judge Roberts as Chief Justice means which issue can now be addressed?
One hundred and seventy-odd winters later, Hugo could fulfill his Orientalist fantasies simply by traversing the Seine and booking a room at the Hôtel Daniel, 8, rue Frédéric Bastiat, (33-1) 42.56.17.00, www.hoteldanielparis.com (doubles from 320 euros, or $383 at $1.20 to the euro), a jewel box of Middle Eastern and Far Eastern design that is leading the Right Bank's rejuvenation of the Paris hotel scene.
George E. Pataki prepares to reveal his political plans for 2006, New York's Republican Party is riven by conflicts in finding formidable candidates for three key races next year: governor, attorney general and the United States Senate seat held by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
"It is very exciting being a flamenco choreographer in Spain today.
Tickets cost $70 for society members and $80 for nonmembers.
Until the mayor decides what he's doing, there is no counter-balance to that."
Clocky's movements are equally unpredictable: it might end up hiding under the bed, lurking in a corner or simply lounging in the middle of the room.
Last fall, Princeton mailed a 71-page booklet promoting the advantages of the smaller majors to every freshman and sophomore and their parents.
absolutely did a favor for the entire industry by taking up this cause and its unfortunate that more people aren't supporting them," said Mr. Nguyen.
Educational consultants said there seemed to be less of a stigma about seeking therapy today.
8 5 4 BROKEN PREY, by John Sandford.
Both women were smart and both of them wanted to see if women could make it, could be successful.
Maxwell began publishing in the 1930's, when social novels like "Studs Lonigan," +"U.S.A." and "The Grapes of Wrath" were the fashion and historical novels like "Anthony Adverse" and "Gone With the Wind" were widely read.
"We're reviewing the recommendations right now," the spokeswoman, Jolie Shifflet, said.
But it is a revealing one, and so we tell it because it is useful to be reminded of the fallibility of all purveyors of information, even the Internet and political chats with Charlie Rose.
The apparent covering on this dinosaur is unlike anything we have seen anywhere in the world before -- quite different from modern feathers or hair, but also different from the skin of other dinosaurs."
"It was nicer outside than inside."
Gershwin, 222 West 51st Street, (212)307-4100.
Kensington and other replacement vendors provide various tips for major laptop brands.
If I win a contest, which I probably won't, I walk away with 20 grand, but most likely I'll walk away with like $600 because I'll probably place eighth or something.
Out of all the businesses in the G.E.
"Everything was so public that we were on the line."
This time, he plays with house money, $18 million from the Astros, the highest salary a pitcher has ever made.
China's premier soccer league regularly draws a few thousand spectators to games in stadiums that can seat tens of thousands, and last year China's national basketball league attracted only $1 million for television broadcast rights to its games.
The shooting shocked many of the country's 1.6 million Muslims, already alarmed by a publicly acknowledged shoot-to-kill policy directed against suspected suicide bombers.
After 25 years of rule by President Robert G. Mugabe's party, the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front, "the money you are using presently is as good as old newspapers," he cried.
But most visitors reacted to the attacks with a mix of stoicism, defiance and even nonchalance.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS -- Through the front door.
"Here I was thinking, that poor girl, her boyfriend's gay and she doesn't even know it."
In another misstep, Mr. Schundler's schedule for the final campaign weekend listed an appearance at a property tax rally in Middletown on Sunday afternoon with a popular local assemblyman, Sam Thompson.
Paul Pontallier, the managing director of Château Margaux in Bordeaux, is its consulting enologist.
To the Editor: After reading "Putting Their Antennas Up: The Search for Profits From WiFi" (June 5), one can almost conclude WiFi is the best thing since the discovery of fire: you can surf the Internet almost anywhere!
The details of what it will cost are still a little sketchy, but it appears that Goldman Sachs will receive $115 million to $150 million in city and state credits and around $1.6 billion in Liberty bonds, which have federal backing.
"We are encouraging our people to claim their rights peacefully," said Ali Mehdi, a local Turkmen leader.
Thomas P. Lawless, the chief of police for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority since 2003, died on Wednesday at Calvary Hospital in the Bronx.
It would arrive, he assured us, any day now.
"As a Jew, I should be more sensitive to the victimization that the Muslims say they are experiencing, but Pollyanna has left the building," said Mrs. Miller, 55, a recently retired Hebrew-school teacher.
For a less strenuous walk, start at the Bear Valley Visitor Center near the town of Olema (1 Bear Valley Road, 415-464-5100) and follow the Earthquake Trail, above, which winds directly over the San Andreas Fault.
In turn, it is Mr. Miller who has gone on the offensive first.
But Mr. Adams, saying, "The struggle can now be taken forward by other means," insisted that he was offering an alternative to the violence that has claimed 3,000 lives in Northern Ireland.
Giving that money to charity "will enhance its reputation and improve its shareholder value."
"Sometimes you just have to make a choice and say, 'I have other things to do, I can't obsess about getting the best deal.
This is a constructive solution that would help ameliorate the problem.
He is not unaware that his "beautiful" explosive imagery might be perceived as inappropriate in view of the car bomb mayhem in the Middle East.
Refer students back to ideas mentioned during the initial activity to reinforce the idea of popularity over time and trends.
It's so who I am."
"Well, you know the verdict is hard as a father," the minister said.
She finished fourth in the previous I.R.L.
Kim, who lives in Miami with one of her four sisters, said she had been homesick.
Asbury Park was never the ne plus ultra of resorts, though it did have its rich residents and visitors at times.
Mr. Rowland also admitted that he did not pay taxes on the gifts.
The researchers traced the motion of about 60 of the balls that were dyed black.
South played low from the dummy, East won with his ace and returned his second spade to declarer's king.
That leaves Mr. Chaplin more or less alone, the only band member who isn't sitting down.
Collecting depositions from both sides, she encounters two predictably opposed accounts of the shooting, which left two North Korean soldiers dead.
By yesterday, the maneuvering had begun in earnest, focused particularly on the position of head of the largest local Democratic Party organization in the nation.
"Any act of violence in which innocent people are killed should be condemned."
Health officials in New York and San Francisco said yesterday that a widely used rapid test for the virus that causes AIDS had been producing too many false-positive results, frightening healthy people into thinking they might be infected.
The book is available for $22 by calling up www.ci.santa-cruz.ca.us, the city's Web site, and searching under Programs and Services.
Trappists are strict vegetarians, and Benedictines are not, and blood pressure, they found, was lower in Trappist monasteries.
The policies are believed to apply to nearly five million people.
"The Killer Shrews," the masterwork of Ray Kellogg, is one of hundreds of cheap old films now available as ridiculously cheap new DVD's.
Publicly, Dior hardly ever talks about Diorella as Mansau's creation but as the receptacle for Edmond Roudnitska's juice.
"They are an urban blight."
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: JONAUS, Jude R., 27, Staff Sgt., Army; Miami; Third Infantry Division.
The deafening blast shattered the windows and spewed body parts into the dining room.
Too many breaths can impede the return of blood to the heart.
Neither party is likely to raise as much this year, because only the Assembly is up for re-election, while in 2001 the entire Legislature was up for grabs.
Correction Appended "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (Warner Brothers), below, easily held its No.
They also help the students find contacts to help them with their projects.
BUT why Mr. Purcell, who made $22 million last year in salary, bonus and restricted stock, needed to bill AMR shareholders $14,528 in travel and taxes last year is a puzzler.
And the arrival of Pedro Martínez was merely one reason.
"The way the league is now, you've got to capitalize on that," Devils center Scott Gomez said.
Even blacks in Boston and Philadelphia celebrated the news from New York.
She was so addicted that, like many others, she even smoked for a while after her illness was diagnosed.
What he presents in the show, he says in the catalog, are "mere fragments of history; they are more like parts to an assembly kit that you have to put together for yourself."
Since 2000, we've lost about three million jobs in manufacturing, while membership in the National Association of Realtors has risen 50 percent.
Will Randy Moss, traded to Oakland by the Minnesota Vikings, help the Raiders return to the playoffs?
Adored step-daughter of Michael Mitchell.
INDIANA--Announced freshman basketball C Lucas Steijn will transfer.
"Football's a game, and if it's going to bring some happiness to people around the Gulf Coast, then we should play for these people, and play for ourselves."
Later, ignoring the locals' warnings that a Canadian professor keeps rats and mows his lawn in a three-piece suit, she allows him to lock her in a soundproof chamber and expose her brain to electromagnetic fields in an attempt to pick up ghost "presences" in the atmosphere.
Mr. Clark made the journey twice in the last week, sandwiching legal work in New York between appearances at the Hussein trial.
Forget about their contract, signed twice by Sean O'Hair as a teenager, which called for 10 percent of his golf-related income to go to his father.
Google operates according to two core principles.
Sar and his fellow revolutionaries never bothered to examine the social conditions in which their lofty ideas would be put into practice.
Sony fell behind in several important markets, most notably in flat-panel televisions and computer displays.
Peter Mandelson, the European Union's top trade negotiator, is under pressure to sweeten an offer to cut tariffs and subsidies on farm goods.
Dr. Hwang told a reporter for Science that the woman had tried to say she would like to donate eggs to other research groups, not that she had donated eggs to her own group.
Most, but not all, were from New Orleans East.
Even persistent rip currents challenge researchers who are trying to install and maintain sensors.
Prison guards receive regular training and retraining on riot control, handling large crowds of detainees at all hours, and detecting signs of attempted prison escapes or riots.
Past winners include "Hotel Rwanda," "American Beauty" and "Life Is Beautiful."
Thinking of his childhood, Mr. Rollins wanted to hear Fats Waller's 1934 recording of "I'm Going to Sit Right Down and Write Myself a Letter."
The buyer was Charles Hack, who said he was a real estate entrepreneur and stamp enthusiast, though not a dedicated collector.
Last fall, the festival's inaugural incarnation was a precocious success, spawning commercial runs of, among other shows, "The Great American Trailer Park Musical" (opening Thursday at Dodger Stages) and the oddly titled "[Title of Show]," which starts performances at the Ars Nova space on West 52nd Street on Sunday.
With what state officials call a sharper, different focus, the campaign is an effort to address the increasing competition for tourism dollars.
Does that mean the Bible has nothing to offer on the issue?
We don't know yet; he's made four trades and now owns a gas-powered generator.
Thomason, who played college football at Oregon, is 6 feet 5 inches and 245 pounds.
In Modesto, Calif., Hispanics have exchanged visits with the Moore County residents and are suing for services.
At the Amtrak ticket counter yesterday, Mr. Claudio threw a sandwich in a bag against a wall and left the line after the agent could not find his reservation, "and then he got more mad," said Milagros, who said she was his former girlfriend.
Though thicker, the paper is similar to old-fashioned fax paper in that it darkens when heat is applied.
Rabbi Sidney Freedman, President BARRACK--Ilene.
That, and an active interchange of ideas and beliefs among various neighboring societies, is the essence of the argument advanced by sister-culture proponents.
He has been more accepting than accusing.
Even the presence of the teenage phenomenon Sidney Crosby, who played his first game for the Pittsburgh Penguins at the Continental Arena, could not produce a sellout at the Devils opener, where there were 900 empty seats.
The rookie Rashad McCants is still a mystery, Wally Szczerbiak can be a thorn in the side, and Marko Jaric is unproven at point guard.
He came to prominence at a time when many celebrities seemed to live on Olympus, as opposed to VH1 and E!, and his friendships were breathtaking.
Democrats are increasingly alarmed about the expansion of the alternative minimum tax, a parallel tax that was originally aimed at high-income taxpayers but is now snaring millions of middle-class families because it is not indexed for inflation.
Mr. Ross had dismissed public defenders from his case, and the hearing did not include testimony from witnesses who believed Mr. Ross was incompetent.
They will not lose with this kind of gesture."
A Memorial Service will be held on September 18th, 11 AM at The Tillman Chapel, (The Church Center for the United Nations), 777 U.N. Plaza, NYC.
Two other men had already been convicted of the killing and sentenced to death.
One surgery in particular was touch-and-go.
"They were paid," he said.
A speech pathologist and mother of three, Ms. Laufer, 62, fell into a second career in politics about six years ago, after holding a fund-raiser for Hillary Rodham Clinton's first run for the Senate.
Cadillac Winter Garden Theater, 1634 Broadway, at 50th Street, (212)239-6200.
Europeans help primarily through their governments.
City employees often have benefits that are similar to employees of their state agencies, Mr. Kreisberg said.
Svelte and glamorous, she vaguely resembles the young Ingrid Bergman; if her looks alone aren't enough to convince you of her Euro-fabulous bona fides, just listen to her gliding between five languages on Brazilian Girls' self-titled debut.
The piece is the creation of XEFIROTARCH, a Los Angeles-based architecture firm that was chosen, from among five finalists, as the winner of the sixth annual Young Architects Program, conducted by the Museum of Modern Art and P.S.1.
Now, to Bono, he had done just that.
Diane Ayala of Ayala Maquillage, 65 East Oak Street, Chicago, Ill. 60611; (312)731-4312; www.ayalamaquillage.com; $60 for the first visit; maintenance is $35.
Messiah ben David, the deliverer is called.
Two defense character witnesses from Yemen had described the sheik as a man who condemned terrorism and whose life's work was his charities, including the bakery to feed the poor.
Devoted father of Martin P. (Mary) and Jeanne Avitabile (Richard).
A gay son is just another thing to get used to, like a creaky step on the staircase or a demanding boss at work.
She told us that she came to the party because Reader's Digest is a powerful institution that reaches a lot of people, at which we suggested that perhaps they invited her to make the party more attractive.
Although economists expect Japan to recover from a mild recession last year, Tuesday's numbers suggest that weak spots remain.
Bob Bailey Silver Spring, Md., March 8, 2005
But then, Jackson and Brown have spent a couple of decades moving toward and repelling each other, like atoms trying to occupy the same space.
An Insecure Nation: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/insecurenation.
By signing pitcher A. J. Burnett to a five-year, $55 million contract Tuesday, the Blue Jays continued an off-season spending campaign that could help them break the New York-Boston grip on the A.L.
In the 1980's, Mayor Edward I. Koch unveiled traffic signs with a bit of attitude: "Don't Even Think of Parking Here" and "No Parking, No Standing, No Stopping, No Kidding!"
The research found, for instance, that the average resident in the Chicago area, age 18 or older, is exposed to 40 outdoor signs a day, a figure that rises to 66 for adults who live in the city.
Even as soaring house prices have continued to lift the cost of raising a family beyond the means of many Americans, the borough's preschool population reached almost 97,000 last year, the most since the 1960's.
Mr. Tsvangirai's spokesman, William Bango, told news services that the expulsion was illegal and would be ignored.
"All of us have been hit hard emotionally" by the tsunami, said Terry Olson, general manager and vice president for marketing for the Slim-Fast brand of diet products sold by Unilever, "and I absolutely believe it's having an impact" on consumer sentiment.
Endeavor and Cypher are part of a new generation of stents that are coated with drugs to reduce the tendency of scar tissue to grow so aggressively that blood flow is seriously impaired.
Under the current leadership of Ueberroth, the organizer of those pivotally successful 1984 Games, and Scherr, the U.S.O.C.
employees will forgo a raise of $1 an hour in 2006 to help offset the cost of retiree health care.
Grandmother of Nina, Neil, Leah, Lara, Sarah, Rebecca and Max.
SHERRILL, James A., 27, Sgt., Army National Guard; Ekron, Ky.; 2113th Transportation Company.
Moptops Go National In the last few years, Sheira and Loli have become minor celebrities on the Long Island preschool circuit, where, wedged between morning programs on WLIW-Channel 21, they have imparted post-toddler wisdom through musical tomfoolery in "Dittydoodle Works."
The production, under the direction of Simon Morrison, assistant professor of music and a Prokofiev expert, promises to continue the debate about what "Le Pas d'Acier" (literally "The Steel Step") really meant.
WASHINGTON, July 13 - A former director of central intelligence testified Wednesday that a Chinese company's bid for Unocal should be seen as part of that government's strategy for energy security in competition with the United States and that the American government should consider preventing such a deal.
It also includes a sergeant major training school, and is home to the German air force's own air defense school, established in the United States in part to offset the costs of keeping American troops in Germany.
The superior version is $370.80.
"We're applying what we've learned from the previous earthquake so that we can be prepared to be responsive quickly and in a meaningful way," he said.
But the legacy of these projects in other Olympic cities is mixed, and skeptics have raised questions about whether some of New York's would become costly white elephants after the Games are over and the athletes have moved on.
Mr. Cannata is the first official of a locally run consumer protection bureau in the county to have been charged with abuse, Ms. Pirro said.
Latin America was then declared a priority, and the administration began drumming up support for a tariff-free $3.4 trillion trade bloc stretching from Alaska to Tierra del Fuego, comprising 823 million people.
Would Mary Karr or Kathryn Harrison, who wrote famously grim memoirs of their fathers?
SAN FRANCISCO - AMERICAN dancers -- an entire company of them -- are descending on Paris this week, and while they will perform to Gershwin, it is not for a remake of "An American in Paris."
Where the legendary stand-up bar served only men until agitators from the National Organization for Women demanded drafts in 1969.
"Obviously, I was listening to him, listening to the concern of a lot of people that lead us in this organization," Mr. Sharpton said after the forum.
While every good talk show host has to be able to chat about a range of subjects, Mr. Lopate engages in what might be called "extreme hosting," striving, it seems, for maximum thematic dissonance between segments.
Numerous Fed officials have acknowledged that they would have to drop that language at some point, because the series of rate increases would eventually bring the Federal funds rate back near a "neutral" level that neither stimulates nor slows down the economy.
Besides, they say, Verizon and AT&T are not entirely lacking in the clout department themselves.
"A win always helps, but we have to stick together, first and foremost.
"The important thing is he always worked for peace, worked to unify the world."
Everyone on the team knows we have to make a statement in this division.
And they got one take, straight to vinyl.
She worked with a more experienced engineer who was almost twice her age and had been passed over for her position.
Mrs. Clinton's fund-raising totals left little doubt about the financial dominance that she enjoys as she seeks re-election next year.
Onstage, one debater used the latke-hamantasch divide as a metaphor for Chicago's baseball rivalry, vilifying the Purim pastry as the poppy-laced North Side scourge that accounted for the slugger Sammy Sosa bulking up when he abandoned the White Sox for the Cubs.
In 2002, he said, donors gave Harvard eight new trusts that totaled $9 million.
"The passage of the patent bill, for me personally and for India as a whole, is a very tragic and a very sad day," Dr. Hamied said.
Waters, who was a high school senior in 1955, when Mrs.
If you have a pastry bag, fit with a small round tip and spoon jam into bag.
What do you know about the Holocaust?
Those plans raise the question of whether, after a decade of building media conglomerates, companies will now start breaking them up.
Correction Appended UNITED NATIONS, Aug. 24 - John R. Bolton, in his first public initiative as American ambassador, told envoys at the United Nations on Wednesday that time was running out on efforts to create institutional change, only days after the United States began privately pushing for major revisions to a draft of reforms that was already close to completion.
Asked what he knew about Yiddish theater before this production, he did not hesitate before answering, "Squat."
Hayes's biggest assist of the season did not show up on the stat sheet.
"People are going to say, 'We gave them all that money for defense, what is their problem?"'
Arthur Salz Chautauqua, N.Y., Aug. 21, 2005
Unsurprisingly, the only real changes under this Sunshine Policy have occurred in South Korea.
Click the screen name in the Buddy List and click the video icon in your iChat window to start a videoconference.
Classes at Hastings have ended, and Mr. Nixon, who graduated two weeks ago, has been studying around the clock for the bar examination.
Karl Lagerfeld, in his usual costume, was making his way out of his lavish Halloween party in the former headquarters of Cunard Shipping at 25 Broadway.
As for Mr. McGreevey's future, State Senator Raymond J. Lesniak, one of the two principals at Weiner Lesniak, said that "the governor is going to have a lot to say," and that he would likely make an announcement about his next endeavors within 30 to 60 days.
"After 20 years I feel like I've done all I can do at Montrachet," Mr. Johnnes said in an interview.
Its existence would lead to paradoxes, like negative kinetic energy, where something could lose energy by speeding up, violating what is left of common sense in modern physics.
Her first memory is arriving at Yokohama Harbor, looking at the dock crowded with people with black hair and black eyes, and asking, "Mama, are they all brothers and sisters?"
"Society should shun" them, he said.
For those authors, all it took was a little incest or pill-popping to churn up prurient interest.
The snowpack in the mountains will barely meet summer's needs.
All McCourt could think to say was, "Stop throwing sandwiches."
In June Dr. Havasy sealed a long-term collaboration with Nassau County to make Tanglewood the center's base, a place where future problem solvers can think and learn.
Israeli forces have withdrawn in recent months from Jericho and Tulkarm.
Eric B. Lipps Staten Island, Aug. 1, 2005
The Grocery List Collection (www.grocerylists.org)is compulsive reading.
Now, the 95-minute film -- which has circulated like 16-millimeter samizdat on college campuses for decades but has never been accessible to a wide audience -- is about to get its first significant theatrical release in the United States, beginning on Friday at the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
Columns: Bob Herbert, Paul Krugman.
And even the admittedly few solemn moments, like the blessing by the archbishop of Canterbury in St. George's Chapel, did not weigh down the coverage.
But, Dr. Kemp argued, "the design and construction is a process that is overseen by federal people at every step."
In that way he is typical of career changers.
Of Dunehampton and Southampton Beach, he said: "We're talking about a string of houses along the beach all owned by very rich people -- and some of those people are my friends, some are my former partners -- who believe in self-determination.
Running from July 15 through 31, it will take place at the Asia Society, at 725 Park Avenue, at 70th Street, on the Upper East Side, and the IFC Center, at 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street, in Greenwich Village.
With few obvious physical cues like reduced swelling or a drop in temperature to help patients determine the appropriate moment for concluding treatment, sometimes they try to leave too soon, too late or not at all.
He is, in fact, nothing less than the Son of God, who dies and then comes back to life and through the seven volumes repeatedly tests but ultimately saves the children and leads them to eternal safety -- all except Susan, that is, who will become too interested in "nylons and lipstick and invitations."
If there is one truth in snow sports, it's that there is no more unifying fixation than the pursuit of toasty toes.
On-street parking is hit-or-miss; a parking lot is at Third and Hudson Streets, two and a half blocks away.
Brook Park is a community whose heart is just broken right now."
Should we spend more or less on the military?
HOURS -- 11 a.m. to 4 a.m. Monday through Saturday; 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday.
"I'll wait a few minutes," Jurgen said, "give the projectionist time to put the film back in the can and do whatever else he does."
"Can anything here catch fire?"
He joined the Bristol-Myers Company as Plant Project Manager for Clairol in Stamford, Connecticut.
He was sentenced last month to 44 years in prison, but the sentence was suspended and he is believed to be under house arrest now.
"I think they are on the verge of being dissolved and concluded."
Bathurst sketches the history of the "river pirates" who cut lighters carrying valuable freight adrift, followed them until the tide carried them to a sandbank, then made off with the goods at their leisure.
The executive also estimates that the film's worldwide marketing budget may exceed $100 million.
He was affiliated with several survivalist groups, he said, and wanted to help instruct people on how to live in the wilderness.
(David Constantine/The New York Times; illustration by Don Foley) (Source by NASA)
On Tuesday, the bank's vice president, Lucas Papademos, said there was little evidence that growth was picking up in the 12-nation euro zone.
But years ago, with swordfish and marlin scarce and white whales out of the question, he tried what he calls "a Barnum & Bailey trick": he put up a sign by his boat that said "Monster Fishing."
Picasso could rip reality to shreds, skin it, rearrange it and pick its bones.
At 11:38, a decision was made to go to 525 feet, and a junior officer recommended another sounding.
And if you catch the bug to the same degree we have, you may want to invest in the proper packaging.
Caption information is provided below.
Martha Stewart designed Vintage Floral Everyday, a porcelain dinnerware pattern.
But then I thought about how beautiful the name Brooklyn is if you break it down: Lyn can refer to Linda, which is Spanish for beautiful, and Brooke is like a stream.
On the second day of their relief mission, Mr. Bush and Mr. Clinton flew in American military helicopters to this village from the provincial capital, Banda Aceh.
Neighbors saw at least two of the men frantically waving before jumping.
Bush administration officials have made little secret of their hope of recruiting China's help to put pressure on North Korea.
"Johnny is a huge multitasker," he said.
This is what they were looking for."
Stephen J. Girsky, an analyst at Morgan Stanley, called the announcement a "small step in the right direction."
Videos were still a part of the mix, but a much smaller part.
Fort Wadsworth: Road cycling course.
Techno-gadget Portable Audio Laboratory (O.K., a radio) by Henry Kloss for Tivoli Audio, $150.
GREASE By Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey.
The song is a lead-in to a whole riff, I am sorry to report, about erectile dysfunction that concludes with a string of jokes about Cialis ads.
"We made up some ground," Mark Shapiro, the Indians' general manager, said.
"We're not on the average person's radar," said Mr. Foreman of the neighborhood.
Now that astronomers and science historians seem to have a direct representation of Hipparchus' catalog, they can try to figure out questions like which coordinate system he used.
One of Zoeggeler's fiercest competitors, Georg Hackl of Germany, found the strategy hilarious.
Organized by the David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art at the University of Chicago, the show was assembled by Rebecca Zorach, assistant professor of art history there, with the collaboration of Elizabeth Rodini, a lecturer in the history of art at Johns Hopkins University, and Anne Leonard, a curator at the museum.
I used to be an artist and a really funny guy.
He spent two seasons at Utah -- somewhat of a surprise in an era when top teenagers jumped to the N.B.A.
But the faculty's attitude is partly understandable.
Surrounded by seven of his top aides, including Mr. Riza, Mr. Annan heard what one participant called a "grim" assessment of the secretary general's standing and his prospects for reform unless relations with Washington improved.
In a July 2004 training exercise, federal and state officials had simulated a Category 3 hurricane producing a storm surge that topped the levees in New Orleans and killed thousands.
"As a state, we are complex in many ways, but we don't have a complex," Mr. Codey said.
The concerns are the same."
The designer said recently that he had envisioned "a warm and welcoming place, a wooden womb -- so we could rip your heart out."
CBS, the most-watched broadcast network and a unit of Viacom, said it would offer four of its top shows --"CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," "NCIS," "Survivor" and "The Amazing Race"-- on video-on-demand services sold by Comcast, the nation's largest cable company.
AT a four-day Aji conference in South San Francisco in October Jeanne Bellew, who is Mr. Hecht's sister and the president of the network, took the stage at precisely 9 a.m. "Good morning," the crowd called out in near-perfect unison and with a lusty cheerfulness.
But the next day, a Mexican judge dismissed the charges, saying the 30-year-old statute of limitations had passed.
If a marine in dress blues stands at your door, well, everybody knows. "
He attributed his conviction to his lawyer's shortcomings, insisted that he had refused the informant's overtures toward violence, compared the F.B.I.
At least she has been heard imitating the low rumble that trucks make on a nearby highway.
"It's an interesting comparison," Ms. Poulet said.
The report was written with Kenneth E. Karols, a Navy psychiatrist and surgeon.
Officers spent hours looking for a green Honda Accord taken at gunpoint from a reporter in a downtown parking garage.
If we can do that, we'll win every game we're supposed to win, we'll win a few that we're not, and maybe if we're fortunate with injuries, we can get in the playoffs."
's domestic brokerage group, A.I.G.
Indeed, Ms. Grant brings an established following to NBC, instantly making her one of its biggest stars.
He is to be joined by Kano, one of the brightest lights of the London hip-hop offshoot known as grime.
She said it also made her happy to see veiled women working.
At his best, Gillray's draftsmanly skill and visionary imagination puts him in a league with artists like William Blake, James Ensor and R. Crumb.
What role does the prime minister play?
After the Sept. 11 attacks, thousands of marshals were recruited to flesh out a skeletal organization that had been part of the Federal Aviation Administration.
This is the first bombing since Iran's presidential elections in June, when a string of explosions went off in Ahwaz and in Tehran.
Jeff Citron, Vonage's chief executive, said the company already had a similar deal with Verizon.
How do these images differ in terms of content, tone and purpose?
An unblinking thing that could have floated off an Egyptian cartouche, a Huichol ornament or the back of a dollar bill.
It is more than 1,860 acres, not 200.
"I didn't give a damn if we were 50 games out: I'm in the big leagues and at the end of the day, I'm playing for a contract.
Where this situation became different was when T. O. began to attack McNabb, who I don't know well, but who seems like one of the classiest guys in the league.
The Kanes, both 65 years old, with three grown daughters and seven grandchildren, began collaborating early in their nomadic academic careers.
Farther south, on the waterfront in Jersey City, Roseland sold the 283-unit Portofino to Crescent Heights, which is based in Florida, for $100 million in December.
"I'm enjoying myself very much on the court."
In a legislative session dominated by talk of reform, lawmakers took one quiet step that has alarmed several New York City politicians: they created a second judge seat for the Surrogate's Court in Brooklyn that many officials fear could be a vehicle for patronage.
"Cliff told me his leg was bothering him," Randolph said.
OH THE GLORY OF IT ALL, by Sean Wilsey.
"I have a better one on 10th Street.
More recently the president was criticized for not publicly speaking out about the tsunami victims in southeast Asia and for being slow to pledge aid.
At one point Mr. DiLeonardo scolded Mr. Lichtman for being "impolite."
A lecture and reading by Tony Judt, author of "Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945."
Dr. Bauer, one co-author, was among those saying the study should be repeated with other echinacea species, preparations and doses.
His poetry follows the same pattern: a reckless tumble of words mixing the high and the low, like a rummage sale after the death of someone who adored both Shakespeare and smut.
"The Public Enemy" even restores three scenes that were cut from the negative when the pre-Hays Code film was re-released in the more cautious late 30's, including one astounding comic moment in which a highly effeminate tailor measures Cagney's inseam, an experience both men seem to enjoy.
A Guidant spokesman, Steven Tragash, would not say how soon the company planned to start regularly releasing more detailed product failure information to doctors.
"The traditional cutoff for parental support -- 18 to 21 -- is as outdated as a vinyl LP," writes Mary Pleshette Willis, who adds that in large part parents have themselves to blame for their depleted bank accounts.
Drivers, meanwhile, praise the fact that Newburgh sits at the junction of the New York State Thruway and Interstate 84.
In policy terms it means getting back to the key challenges that face the country: keeping up with China, rebalancing the fiscal situation, rebuilding confidence in the war on terror.
"It's not always basketball related."
Lo's measures, hedge fund investments are less liquid now than they have been in 20 years.
PERHAPS because he's a sloppy fellow whose daughters, borrowing a Yiddish word from their grandmother, accuse him of creating a hekdesh (messy house) wherever he goes, Councilman David Yassky doesn't mind immersing himself in a topic that inspires most constituents to hold their noses: garbage.
Analyze the role of popcorn in popular culture.
A spokesman traveling with Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the German foreign minister, said in Washington that Ms. Osthoff, the first German citizen to be kidnapped in Iraq, had been missing since Friday.
He continued: "I realized at some point that everyone in my family was waiting for me, hoping for me.
But I have had no luck with the formal teaching of form.
The room is staffed around the clock.
Richard Hamilton scored 16 of his team-high 22 points in the first half, but his defense on Wade eventually wore him and his injured rib down.
Whether the crisis will affect the bloc's foreign policy in the long run remains unclear.
Three years ago, Public School 115 on West 177th Street became one of scores of New York City elementary schools that mandated ballroom dancing for some fourth and fifth graders.
He just needs to face it head-on.
Housed in a gleaming, airy Richard Meier building on the edge of a park, the museum is the creation of Frieder Burda, scion of one of Germany's pre-eminent printing and magazine publishing families, who has spent the last 35 years using his share of the family fortune to amass a mostly German Expressionist collection, from Max Beckmann to Gerhard Richter, Sigmar Polke and Georg Baselitz.
Relatives believe that some sailors survived long enough to have been rescued, but Russian court rulings have blocked the case from being reopened.
Its barnlike two-story garage had been used as both a ceramic studio and model train room, and had a concrete floor and partial concrete walls.
Mr. Eno is a Samuel Beckett for the Jon Stewart generation (1:10).
"I was crying, laughing, crying, sleeping -- I couldn't understand when I was talking; people couldn't understand me," Ms. Versace told Vogue.
ABC's summer hit "Dancing With the Stars" came to a surprising end on Wednesday night, as the underdogs Kelly Monaco and her partner, Alec Mazo, below, beat the favorites, John O'Hurley and his partner, Charlotte Jorgensen.
"One day, when I was playing with my mum's movie camera -- an eight-millimeter Bell & Howell, not even a Super 8 -- I discovered it had a strange thing: a single-frame button, which actually said 'animation.'
Yale-New Haven, who traces its roots go back to 1826, is the primary teaching hospital for Yale University's School of Medicine and has Yale University nominees on its boards.
Interpublic owns advertising and communications agencies that include Deutsch, Foote Cone & Belding, Initiative, McCann Erickson and Weber Shandwick.
Eventually, order was restored -- Jake Gyllenhaal and Sarsgaard are now friends again.
When Mr. Durrani exclaimed that the leading man, Hrithik Roshan, was a seriously handsome man, Ms. Taufiq recoiled somewhat, saying, "But he has six fingers!"
Now dust is her hands and dust her heart.
That ban on campaign contributions was not a problem for Mr. Forrester when he ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in 2002, because the only company he owned at the time was BeneCard Services Inc., which manages pharmacy benefits and does not sell insurance.
Six years ago, she moved to Los Angeles and got a career boost playing Annette O'Toole's daughter in the comedy-adventure series "The Huntress," which ran on USA for two seasons.
Shawn Chacon will start Friday against the Red Sox, pushing Wright back to next Saturday.
The name comes from a Spanish comic strip about twin boys.
Instead, the Trojans' ride stands at 32.
Accompanied by Joseph Thalken on piano and Dick Sarpola on bass, she sings the work of female songwriters ranging from Kay Swift (lyricist for "Can't We Be Friends?")
As part of the reform measures, corporate directors should also be required to pledge that they have been presented with not just the fairness opinion but also with all of the potential conflicts of interest with the bank providing the opinion.
Some homeowners who bought houses in Harlem under a city program known as HomeWorks are now raising similar complaints.
Their combined record is 19-36.
Should fuel prices continue to rise, however, industry analysts say even that could change.
The trip is Mr. Daquila's first on-the-job plunge into hurricane country -- his past repair sorties have been to clean up winter storm damage in upstate New York and New England -- but he expects most of the challenges to be familiar.
Tracing the experiences of a movie star named Jack Burns, whose life has revolved around his relationships with older girls and older women.
Sacramento fans booed Webber when he played poorly after the knee surgery.
"Boards have been led to accept the logic that if 'our C.E.O.'
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Easier to deduce is the workplace of Vladimir Girshkin in "The Russian Debutante's Handbook" by Gary Shteyngart.
"There's a desire for that to happen," said the agent, who requested anonymity because he did not want to jeopardize future dealings with the Knicks.
Mr. Keefe said the offer to drop charges against the son was not made until "about two weeks ago."
Over all, one wished Mr. Krämer had probed deeper inside the work rather than making mischief at its edges.
The company found that staying in China required that it enter into partnerships with some of the very companies copying its bikes.
Mrs. Kempner was the daughterin-law of the late Alan Kempner, a former chairman of the Hospital's Board.
2:30 Take sweet potato pudding and corn bread dressing out of refrigerator.
Rita Houston, the station's music director, will be "picking all the artists from a fan's point of view," she said.
Others take their small acts of rebellion a step further.
CPA, attorney, poet, pilot, world traveler, spiritual seeker and friend.
"I am wondering," she concluded, "if you should consider changing your model.
The worst delays were at JetBlue Airways (where only 63.1 of flights arrived on time), followed by American Eagle (65.8 percent) and Comair (67.3 percent).
(Holden) JULIE WILSON (Tonight and tomorrow) The 80-year-old queen mother of cabaret transforms songs into half-spoken dramatic monologues, some witty, others heartbreaking.
Could this mark the beginning of the end of the American-South Korean alliance?
The judges have warned that Mr. Milosevic has already used up close to 75 percent of his defense time but has addressed only a third of his indictment.
Mr. Smith said that Mr. Frazier inspired him to shop at stores like Macy's and Barneys New York for the most sophisticated, stylish outfits.
With wrestling no longer an option, he followed the advice of a family friend and decided to become a jockey.
Her version of insult humor is actually flattering, both to herself and to those who find it funny.
The play resuscitated the Yankees.
Visible on both sides of the driveway as it passes an entrance gate, these lace walls were constructed primarily to contain livestock, not mark boundaries.
Joe Lovato, associate director for global diversity at Procter & Gamble, said consumer goods companies should be particularly receptive to returning mothers because women are their primary consumers.
Across the disputed waters, in rival territory, Osamu Watanabe, chairman of the Japan External Trade Organization, a government agency, predicted in an interview in Tokyo, "There will not be major impacts due to the situation."
Corporal Berg said no: "That was never said."
10 P.M. (4) LAW & ORDER: CRIMINAL INTENT -- In the season finale, a father uses his teenage son to help him kill judges and their families.
"The Legacy of Homer: Four Centuries of Art From the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Paris" continues at the Dahesh Museum of Art, 580 Madison Avenue, at 56th Street, Manhattan, (212) 759-0606, through Jan. 22, and at the Princeton University Art Museum, Princeton, N.J., (609) 258-3788, through Jan. 15.
A magnetic 1 is changed to a 0 when the polarity of the region is reversed.
May his memory be for a blessing.
Her mother told neighbors that she was pleased because Islam had helped her daughter stop drinking and doing drugs.
I was looking at her."
For $329, the Arcteryx Gamma MX hoody (translation: a hooded jacket at usoutdoor.com) would combat "mixed weather conditions."
Science abuse is not an exclusively right-wing sin, Mooney acknowledges.
Then, in a Mercedes C230 that she calls the "last remnant of my other life," she takes him to adult day care, begging her mother to use her time alone to get a massage or take a painting class.
Some Republicans are wondering whether they need to pull a Trent Lott on Tom DeLay before he turns into Newt Gingrich, who led his party to the promised land but then had to be discarded when he became the petulant "definer" and "arouser" of civilization.
4 2 2 SON OF A WITCH, by Gregory Maguire.
Accounts like his feed concerns that the land, which lies a few blocks from the waterfront, is wanted for something other than inexpensive rentals.
who last year paid $100,000 for a three-bedroom farmhouse on 14 acres with a lake.
The case was the first in Britain under laws covering human rights violations in other countries.
The American cinema's emphasis on action over introspection, spectacle over human-scaled drama, as well as its genius for technologically advanced mayhem, for Dolby-enhanced big bangs and eye-popping digital effects, turns war into entertainment and only rarely into an occasion for reflection.
He continued to remain active in the Hancock (NY) Community Education Foundation.
$16.50 for three six-ounce spray bottles.
Cue Art Foundation, 511 West 25th Street, Chelsea, (212)206-3583, closing tomorrow.
During a lull, we brew tea by melting lemon drops in hot water, which we prepare on our small camp stove.
"So I try to pamper them at home," said Ms. Prendergast (above), who works in Bayside, Queens.
The report found that six of the nine buildings had average crime rates higher than schools with similar student populations.
(Photo by Ricky Gare/European Pressphoto Agency)
When Jefferson scored on a fast break and made an ensuing free throw with 4 minutes 11 seconds left, the Nets tied the score, 80-80.
"I think that's sort of going to Harvard the wrong way for the wrong reasons," Dr. Halfond said.
WASHINGTON, May 19 - On Wednesday afternoon, as John D. Negroponte was being formally sworn at the White House as the director of national intelligence, a senior Republican lawmaker on Capitol Hill was circulating a proposal that would have imposed a strict new limit on Mr. Negroponte's power.
HOW TO HELP Checks payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund should be sent to 4 Chase Metrotech Center, 7th Floor East, Lockbox 5193, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11245, or any of these organizations: BROOKLYN BUREAU OF COMMUNITY SERVICE 285 Schermerhorn Street Brooklyn, N.Y. 11217 CATHOLIC CHARITIES, DIOCESE OF BROOKLYN AND QUEENS 191 Joralemon Street Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201 CATHOLIC CHARITIES OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF NEW YORK 1011 First Avenue New York, N.Y. 10022 CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY 105 East 22nd Street New York, N.Y. 10010 COMMUNITY SERVICE SOCIETY OF NEW YORK 105 East 22nd Street New York, N.Y. 10010 FEDERATION OF PROTESTANT WELFARE AGENCIES 281 Park Avenue South New York, N.Y. 10010 UJA-FEDERATION OF NEW YORK Church Street Station P.O.
Thus, the detection rate associated with tests in the second trimester was really no better than what Dr. Nicolaides and others found with first-trimester screening, which can result in many fewer invasive tests and allow for safer, earlier terminations of affected pregnancies.
Passage of legislation aimed at improving governmental integrity could turn that potential into a significant achievement, most notably by closing a loophole in the ethics law exposed by the state's highest court a decade ago.
In 2003, the Spurs-Nets finals had a viewership of 9.9 million.
Even if Forest City Ratner reduces the proportion of low- and middle-income units in the project, new market-rate units will add supply and reduce housing prices for all New Yorkers.
But Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, suggested that Mr. Gonzales was misdirecting blame for the immigration backlog.
That's how many feet from a Prius that Toyota says its electronic key must be taken to be certain the hybrid power train will not be able to start.
The Arizona Diamondbacks came closest, tying the Padres for first for two days, but the Diamondbacks, who lost last night to the Marlins, fell four games behind the Padres.
Also helping to cement those bonds is the ongoing revelry.
Known as Nascar's Rocketman, he was the 43rd of 47 qualifiers when he turned a lap of 194.232 miles an hour on the two-mile high-banked oval, good for his 32nd pole in 104 races.
My God," said Robert S. Young as he caught his first sight of what would be miles of desolate landscape where houses, stores, churches, hotels and other structures used to be.
In their perfect world, Manning will throw less, not more.
Mr. Casciano has been negotiating to buy 700 Advantage machines.
"The conflicts that surround the accounting firms are widespread," wrote Arthur Rock -- a man who knows whereof he speaks.
But after stops in the United Arab Emirates, Russia and Poland, he was on his way to Brazil and possibly Venezuela.
On October 14th at age 73 after a courageous battle with pancreatic cancer.
It simply creates new ones.
It is certainly honorable to try to raise awareness about the more than 70 percent of planet Earth that is still predominantly unknown (some sections have been explored less frequently than the moon), but the experience of "Deep Blue" is hardly enlightening.
Losing is never fun, especially for Mickelson, who knew he had muffed an opportunity to show that he deserved to be considered Woods's equal.
In July, Al Qaeda said it had formed a group called the Omar Brigade to focus on killing members of Shiite militias like the Badr Brigade.
"All my experience and my understanding says that the plan is wrong," he said.
Asking them where they got their nicknames.
To Ms. Miers's supporters, the attacks on her appearance were a last straw in the weeks of condemnation about her credentials, intellect and chirpy notes to Mr. Bush and his wife as "the greatest!"
Mr. Nolan had helped him clean out the clubhouse at the airport a couple of days ago.
Melt the butter in a small pan over medium heat.
"It wouldn't be right to allow those things to stop me from living my life the way I want to live my life."
The Kaiser Chiefs, all in their mid- to late 20's, mug and deadpan and sling one-liners like a seasoned comedy troupe.
Harry Allen, a New York designer and exhibitor, said he thought the 2005 fair made a nice showing.
[He imitates Woody Allen's voice, speaking nasally and quietly.]
That team was Loyola of Chicago, in 1963, and it made history in special ways: Its 60-58 victory over Cincinnati in overtime remains one of the memorable upsets in N.C.A.A.
We only had it on a silver platter," said Blair Horner, legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research Group.
What is extraordinary about this creature, aside from the physical accouterments, is that he is in constant flap.
"Our lenders don't believe it, and it's making me cry."
There's plenty of such non-classroom waste, should cuts be needed.
The Philadelphia Fed's outlook index for six months from now rose to 30.6, the highest this year, indicating the slowdown may be temporary.
"He's always going back to see how so and so is doing.
They want file-sharing technology to go away, refusing to recognize that the Internet itself could be defined as a file-sharing network.
During the ceremony the couple looked like a page in a storybook as they took their vows before a tall Palladian window that framed the bright green golf course and the blue Pacific.
But lawmakers failed to index the tax for inflation.
Explain to students that the article read in class illustrates the cyclical nature of history; events that happen in the past resonate in the future.
The walls of the lobby are covered in perforated wooden blocks that likewise muffle sound.
There is blame to distribute among all.
Could it have been related to his other journey, his political change of heart?
But the failure of the summit meeting laid bare the deep divide with the European Union between grand but competing visions of Europe.
The one way we could feel a little more confident is to have the genetic test."
Keith Watson, a dance critic from The Guardian in London, once called DV8 "a gale force wind across the becalmed sea of dance abstraction that dance was paddling in."
Our entire budget is probably equivalent to the coffee budget for the human resources department of most large corporations.
"Tell him you want him back."
Asked what else he might want to do, he mentioned playwrights (he likes Tony Kushner, John Guare and Jon Robin Baitz, among others), a chamber opera or two (he is intrigued by Gilbert and Sullivan, and by Astor Piazzolla's opera, "Maria de Buenos Aires") and an idea for a short-play festival devoted to the environment.
Resident of Hightstown, NJ, formerly of Montclair, passed away June 22, 2005.
But compared with the $3,500 model at the top of the G-Unit watch line, which is diamond-coated but MP3-less, they are a lot more practical for that gym workout.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; Fridays, noon to 7 p.m.
Want an Internet connection in every room?
They jumped 265 percent at the Interboro Institute and 180 percent at the Rochester Business Institute.
But Mr. Crosby's young charges faced greater obstacles.
Mattlin Middle School, Plainview: Aug. 8 North Shore Pops Concert Band TUESDAYS John J. Burns Park, Massapequa: July 5 Sheena Easton, Rose Falcon, Billy Falcon.
"To win all four in a row and to do it in the same calendar year, you have to start with the first one, and that's the hard part."
"I threw the weight of my whole body against the door, and the door sprung open."
Because students will be moving around to stand beneath the statements with which they most agree for different questions related to the American judicial system, be sure that students have clear paths in the room to reach the four corners.
He is Carl Perlin, not George, and he is no longer a candidate, having withdrawn on June 20.
"Great venues bring out the greatness in great players," he said.
Yahoo is in a particularly interesting position in this regard.
These days, he says, he spends a fair amount of time thinking about their childhood together, about their competitions, about their friendship.
A more perfect specimen of a science curator would be hard to find: gray ponytail, graying goatee, granny glasses and jeans.
Hopkins is tougher, more resilient, more motivated than the others, posing Taylor's biggest challenge to date.
The next death occurred seven months later.
His residents established The Clarence Dennis Society in his honor, which is still active.
Mr. Stahl said the finish should last for many years, assuming that it's not in a high-traffic area.
The themes explored in "The Warrior" are less than groundbreaking, but the mesmerizing portrayal of a beaten man -- and a true victim of his times -- by Mr. Khan, one of the few professional actors in the cast, makes it all somehow fresh.
The Havana International Tournament of 1913, though, was held to celebrate José Raul Capablanca's great career, even though he played in the event.
Then he saw the body, lying face-down below the kitchen window.
When Having a Music Player Feels Like Marriage There are many pocketsize digital music players available, but they fall into two groups: Apple's iPod products and everything else.
All the fixtures and appliances, Poliform closets, shoji screen dividers, tansu cabinets and a Noguchi ceiling light are included in the sale price.
The winners will be announced at the luncheon, to be held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
Rodriguez has 36, matching his total from his uncomfortable first season with the Yankees.
Does it applaud him for doing what it has spent the past years telling him he should do?
In July, a reporter for one of Pakistan's leading news magazines wrote that he had recently visited a reopened training camp in the Mansehra district.
In keeping with this history, many black people I know find it funny when supposedly white Americans profess shock at the emergence of blackness in the family tree.
I can eat here plentifully, with sake, for under $40.
The market, that monstrous sponge, absorbs and neutralizes all.
His expansive black-and-white pictures are formally and technically impeccable, but because they err on the side of understatement, they only partly convey a sense of the volcano's destructive violence.
They sat on a shelf for decades -- outlasting Inland Steel itself.
Despite his decision to consider spinning off the Discover credit card division, he has been steadfast in his vision of Morgan Stanley as a diversified financial services firm.
$79 to $200 a night.Thunderbird Hotel (432-729-4326).
Pension funds lost billions of dollars during the last bear market, and they have not yet recovered.
A seven-night cruise with visits to the Society Islands, including Bora Bora and Moorea, starts at $1,795 a person, depending on the time of year.
The video was by Mr. Lee and the lighting by Aaron Copp, with Clarinda Mac Low serving as dramaturg.
Mr. Heichelbech, who lives in Florida but comes to Long Island to work for 50 days, is an employee of Noerr Programs, a Colorado company that organizes events for children, including Santa appearances and the sale of photos at five malls on Long Island and others nationwide.
She seems to avoid introducing herself as an actual Rockette, as if that would be immodest.
Mr. Abramoff's lawyer in that case had no comment on the arrests in the murder case.
He said he thought white Americans admired accomplished blacks like Colin Powell as long as there were not "too many of them" and they did not threaten white hegemony in American society.
Soon we were in an inviting, softly illuminated room -- tables of seemingly happy patrons buzzing around us -- dipping into a superb risotto with locally caught lobster, prawns, cockles and squid and sampling a bracing, clear tomato soup with orzo and spring vegetables.
To this end, Grassroots offers landscape professionals a two-day Natural Lawn Care Certification Course so that they can accommodate customers who choose the organic approach.
That is the family's contention.
But Flavin never intended his work, whatever its price or fame, to get the "Antiques Roadshow" treatment.
I walked away with two beautiful patterns."
"Being from New York, I heard all this, 'The Super Bowl was a fluke.
The registry's mission would be only to record claims and not to evaluate or pay them, said a United Nations spokesman, Stephane Dujarric.
(Sinagra) TED LEO AND THE PHARMACISTS, I AM KLOOT (Tomorrow) The Irish-American indie rocker Ted Leo plays soulful punk, nearly popping a neck vein for political justice.
"It is a classic play-off of worker against worker, and it is a race to the bottom in terms of wages and benefits."
"People shouldn't forget," Mr. Nader said, "that over the years he has represented the crassest positions of the auto companies, the drug companies and others in their anticonsumer and anti-environmental activities."
In the House of Elders, the 102 senators, one-third of them presidential appointees, went straight to electing a chairman but swiftly reverted to the Afghan tradition of deference to one's elders.
A devoted colleague, he served with distinction as a senior member of management, helping set the organization on its path to success during its formative years.
Responding to Mr. Case's contribution to the debate, Time Warner said yesterday that it disagreed with his breakup plan.
William Thomas Betts was born in Port Chester, N.Y., on July 22, 1928, and played drums before switching to bass as a teenager.
In the past four years, they have not gotten out of the second round.
Only five complete episodes of "At Last the 1948 Show" survive, all of which are included in the Tango set.
1083 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212)369-4880.
Once the project is up and running, the company will allow users of its Google Print site (print.google.com) to search those works and display contents that match a search term.
Mr. Delanoë, the Paris mayor, complained after the vote about aggressive lobbying by London.
(Holden) 'SINGING ASTAIRE' (Tomorrow and Sunday) This smart, airy revue, which pays tribute to Fred Astaire, has returned, featuring Eric Comstock, Hilary Kole and Christopher Gines.
"Courthouses must be a safe harbor to which members of the public come to resolve disputes that often are volatile," he said.
But by far the grandest portion of the building is Hunt's central pavilion: an elaborate Beaux-Arts design distinguished by three arches, each flanked by pairs of monumental Corinthian columns.
Develop an ad campaign for the Mosquito, targeting what you believe is its most appropriate market.
He was displaced by Eddy Curry, reported to camp out of shape and now could even slip behind Jackie Butler on the depth chart.
At the 2004 Davos forum, the company started an effort to give half the world's population access to the Internet by 2015.
There was lots of leftovers then."
The players have almost universally praised the course, even though it has some splotches of beige.
(Brantley) 'THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA' Who was that masked man, anyway?
At first, some scientists thought it could be the progenitor horse, a distant ancestor of the domestic horse.
With a gradient of 4.4 percent, it was not particularly steep, although it lasted nearly 17 kilometers (10.5 miles).
to artificially bolster its reserves by $500 million over two quarters.
One of the best choices is yellowtail jalapeños, a plate of thinly sliced yellowtail laid out in pinwheel fashion around a mound of daikon strands, the slices topped with a round of sliced jalapeño and cilantro leaf and served with a thin sauce, tart with vinegar.
On Wednesday, two years after President Bush first nominated her, the Senate voted 56 to 43 to confirm Justice Brown.
He has had hit records, he has built a successful record company.
The statistics translated into day-to-day dysfunctionality.
More than 1,600 were believed to have been killed in that province alone, the provincial police control room reported Saturday night.
Consider it a public health service.
Mr. Purpura also said cellphone records and other evidence would prove Mr. Walsh was not at the scene of the fires from about 10:30 p.m. Dec. 5 until 4:30 a.m. on Dec. 6.
We need better measurements as well as more practical help for the millions who die each year of readily preventable and treatable causes.
"I will do whatever you want to do, but I mean I think that -- I think that you -- you ought to go down fighting, Bill," the jurors heard Mr. Scrushy say on the playback.
Indeed, Qatar's ability to emerge as the world's leading producer and exporter of liquefied natural gas, with plans to produce 77 million tons of the fuel by the start of the next decade, depends on cooperation.
At the Nickelodeon Family Suites by Holiday Inn, (866) 462-6425, www.nickhotel.com, SpongeBob SquarePants will deliver the wake-up call and kids can get slimed at nightly shows at Studio Nick.
The artists are supposed to "engage students in their research and creative process," Mr. Reynolds said, whether through informal discussions or gallery talks.
George E. Pataki, a Republican, would have broken a basic rule of prudent financing: it would have added huge costs in future years in exchange for limited savings today.
"Obviously, we didn't get everything we wanted," Mr. Annan said.
He was convicted on three counts of manslaughter on June 21, 41 years to the day after a mob of Klansmen killed the three campaigners -- James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner -- in an incident that galvanized national support for the civil rights movement.
"Depending on whether Macdougall was right or wrong about gravity's hold on souls, this could mean that when the missus' soul finally shed its earthly shell, Duncan's own soul would be 38 billion miles away," Ms. Roach writes.
Though the food is excellent, especially the seafood, service can be slow.
An article yesterday about the New York City Council's vote against Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's 20-year plan to ship garbage out of the city by barge included a statement that the mayor had pushed it through largely without Council advice.
Altogether, a nearly equal percentage of Americans aged 18 to 54 live in counties with a million or more inhabitants as live in counties of 100,000 or fewer.
8 p.m., Grace Rainey Rogers Auditorium, Metropolitan Museum of Art, (212)570-3949; $50.
They'd go 'No, really what is it?'
Riefenstahl, her few lines dubbed into English, seems less the avenging Valkyrie of Fanck's movie, who flies off alone in search of her missing husband, than a conventional Hollywood heroine, who at one point has to be rescued herself when a member of the lost expedition (Gibson Gowland, the star of Erich von Stroheim's "Greed") clumsily makes a pass at her.
Federal judges would become the "special masters of the cruise industry," Mr. Frederick said.
The strike, he said, was "extremely irresponsible and selfish."
Mr. Hill said that he and Mr. Hughes, whose six-year-old company is called Froguts, are "on the fence" about whether students should be required to dissect.
6 racecars will be available for the first time in years, leading to widespread speculation about who will fill those prized rides.
Goofy, bizarre, yet surprisingly coherent, "The Calamari Wrestler" veils sharp social commentary with irreverent humor and corny romance.
After the group, the International Labor Rights Fund, filed the class-action suit in Los Angeles on behalf of employees for Wal-Mart contractors in China, Bangladesh, Nicaragua, Swaziland and Indonesia, Wal-Mart said it needed to study the lawsuit before responding.
This includes every episode in which at least one terrorist killed himself or herself while trying to kill others, but excludes attacks authorized by a national government (like those by North Korean agents against South Korea).
Both www.SculptureandNature.org and a glossy new brochure, "Hudson Valley Art Trail," offer self-guided art tours of the Hudson Valley and beyond.
If New York is successful, other cities that might fancy themselves the world's second home could not legally apply that phrase to any of the 200-odd products and services enumerated in New York's application.
Mr. Gibson's television production company will base the four-hour miniseries for ABC on the self-published memoir of Flory A.
Net income rose 17 percent, to a record $1.03 billion, or 82 cents a share.
Although the ABC show "Commander in Chief" is an important steppingstone toward engaging more young women in a political life, it does set unrealistic expectations: no man or woman in the public eye can live up to the paradigm presented in the model of President Mackenzie Allen.
Thirty-five dishes include hard-core sushi and sashimi ($6.50 for a two-piece plate of tuna nigiri), salads, soups (chicken-coconut soup is particularly good, $6.95), grilled chicken teriyaki, $9.20 -- and crème brûlée, $6.
"Let's face it, everybody wants to live in one of my homes," she said yesterday morning, during a tour of the work her design team has been doing on the interiors of the new houses.
Created in 1952, he had carried a pipe, which was dropped in 1987.
The Wal-Mart campaign is more traditional than Nordstrom's in terms of media choices, appearing on television, in magazines and in Wal-Mart stores as well as online.
Amit Shankardass, the senior vice president for solution planning at ClientLogic, a call-center outsourcing company in Nashville, says the company's big fear is alienating business travelers.
He was on the FL9 trip with his 17-year-old godson, John Simpson, a fellow rail fan and an FL9 enthusiast, who gave him a ticket for his 46th birthday.
He has pushed for universal health care and stringent gun laws.
So did Albert Einstein, then a 26-year-old patent clerk in Bern, Switzerland, begin a letter to his pal Conrad Habicht in the spring of 1905.
The men have died, but prosecutors believe others were involved and are seeking DNA evidence.
The Bach violin concertos that accompany "Esplanade" (1975) suffered least.
At NBC News, Mr. McCormick reviews stories shown on "Dateline," as well as those that are investigative or potentially sensitive on other NBC News and MSNBC programs.
Two weeks ago, a judge halted the transfer of the four bus companies, which serve riders in Brooklyn and Queens, citing concerns about the job protections of about 130 nonunion workers who had sued the city and the authority.
"I tried to outsmart them," he said.
Ricardo ran to the door, and she hung up and followed him.
He cited Chrysler, which has lowered the sticker prices on a number of its vehicles over the last year, as an example.
He had touched bottom, but he was neither indulging in self-pity nor blaming my mother.
Pension contributions for the transit workers have tripled since 2002, to $453 million this year.
Benchmarks: Knows some of the effects of various visual structures and functions of art; Understands what makes various organizational structures effective (or ineffective) in the communication of ideas; Knows how the qualities of structures and functions of art are used to improve communication of one’s ideas Visual Arts Standard 5- Understands the characteristics and merits of one’s own artwork and the artwork of others.
division in Tampa opened a terror investigation into a lead that laundered proceeds, possibly connected to a drug outfit, might be used to finance terrorists overseas.
"I like living in Cashiers and going to Highlands," said Mr. Hays, a 36-year-old father of two young children.
Ms. Moskowitz applauded the department yesterday, but said that it remained to be seen how many children would be offered seats in better schools.
Always, though, the poor scholar was eventually empowered and aggrandized, albeit at the price of a sticky end.
An 18-year-old man leaped from the third deck behind home plate onto the mesh netting above the lower seats at Yankee Stadium in the eighth inning last night.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest company by market value, slid $2.31, to $60.79, as 67.9 million shares traded.
It's not three hours on Saturday morning anymore."
No one had been arrested in the shootings, the police said.
In addition to "The Tempest," "As You Like It," the "Henry IV" plays, "Hedda Gabler," "The Importance of Being Earnest" and García Lorca's "House of Bernarda Alba" are all on view at the moment in brand new productions.
Among its actions, he said, the foundation has named two electric-power experts to a panel, authorized by the settlement, that is to periodically assess the utility's efforts to combat the peril.
His first job was unloading roofing granules from boxcars for 35 cents an hour.
in June 2004, attaching RTP's analysis showing that when Accurate was acquired, it was a major source of carcinogenic emissions and thus was operating illegally in New Jersey.
IN most democratically controlled organizations, the majority exerts its will over the minority on both policy issues and the election of directors or managers.
Their goal is to revitalize journalism education by jointly undertaking national investigative reporting projects, integrating their journalism programs more deeply with other disciplines at their universities and providing a national platform to try to influence the discourse on media-related issues.
Times Reporter Agrees to Leave the Paper 3.
One show, "Sandglass," is a video installation through May 2 by Svetlana and Igor Kopystiansky, artists born and raised in the Soviet Union who now live in Berlin and New York.
The Parker String Quartet will repeat this program on April 30 at the New School, (212) 243-9937.
If the service employees can unionize the biggest cleaning company in the city, Mr. Stern argues, other companies will quickly follow.
I regret turning down the lead role in "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore," which Ellen Burstyn deservedly won an Oscar for.
"Well, don't ever say never to God, because he will rub your nose in it."
Dale Hatch, head of the Utah Educational Savings Plan Trust from 1996-2004, also withdrew $85,000 from those accounts for his personal use and would have taken out $200,000 more if staff members had not stopped him, the S.E.C.
On the Hampton Jitney this summer, a company called Wi-Ran installed wireless access for passengers who couldn't bear to be disconnected for the two-hour ride.
It was just a spoof."
Brown said he could not do so because the Knicks have no other reliable point guards.
is the ability to move to any country in Europe and work there.
Nonetheless, she and Chief Theodore Green, who is also known as Blue Medicine, are willing participants in the broadening discussion of Setalcott history.
WAYNE SMITH The house majority leader in the Delaware Legislature.
Many of these items -- offerings that extend well beyond traditional trinkets like key chains, coffee mugs and sunglasses -- build on relevant qualities of the brands whose logo they carry.
Romi, the deliveryman, barely saw the wave before it obliterated his panggung house.
In addition, he has seemed completely unperturbed by this apparent lack of originality.
And yet the episodes that stand out contain high drama, whether tragic or comic: young Cyril's rescue from quicksand; the cruel public execution of a Coney Island elephant; the revenge Cyril helps his lady love take on an attacker.
Mr. Principi, a former secretary of veterans affairs, said that it was too early to put a figure on what this panel might do, but that the Pentagon's list would not go unscathed.
I’m sure that people will argue that doing so will make the U.S. less competitive.
Meals, though, are homey, and served on crisp white linen.
"As a lawyer in that office, your responsibility is to keep the government from making mistakes," said John.
"That makes me want to finish school."
The social as well as the artistic medium, I mean.
Abena Koomson, as Robeson's long-suffering wife and staunch supporter, delivers her lines as if she is reading them, which is too bad, because she has some of the play's few funny moments.
Asked what he would give for a top rating by the wine expert Robert Parker, Friszolowski laughed.
'Frontline' 'Al Qaeda's New Front' PBS, tonight at 9; check local listings.
The lawsuit does not specify the amount of damages being sought but does cite a California labor code that calls for $50 or $100 fines for each initial violation, and further fines for violations after that.
To the Editor: Re "Plan: We Win" (editorial, Dec. 1): We have a president who is out of touch with reality; who won't listen to anyone who could tell him about the real world; who cannot or will not admit error; who casts "victory" in terms that mean he gets 100 percent of what he deems success in Iraq; and who thinks that anything short of getting 100 percent is for weaklings.
Iran's announcement was made in the days leading up to the inauguration Saturday of the new president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who until recently was the mayor of Tehran.
Unions have told their members to strike to protest what Bernard Thibault, leader of the Communist-backed labor federation, the C.G.T., calls "this day of free work."
When they try to divide our people or weaken our resolve, we will not be divided and our resolve will hold firm."
Sheik Moayad, 56, is charged with conspiracy and attempting to provide and providing material support to Al Qaeda and Hamas.
While praising Ms. Contini personally, critics of the redevelopment process said they believed her departure was almost inevitable.
Age 94, on June 15, 2005.
Francie's only interest in the cute guys at the beach is having them teach her how to surf.
"Nickelodeon has this whole set of guidelines that they then called 'How to Nick,"' Mr. Blackburn said.
"You were kind to me," the boy says.
Funeral Services will be held in the Chapel of Kensico Cemetery, Thursday January 13, at 11 AM.
A diamond went to East's ace, the spade king was ruffed in the dummy, and the heart ace was cashed.
There are 31 counts against Mr. Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz, Tyco's former chief financial officer, on charges that include grand larceny, stock fraud, falsifying business records and conspiracy.
"Everything is a sensor," she said, reading a list of attempted fixes: "They replaced the fuel-level sensor three times.
The Chicago Tribune reported the news of the breakup last week.
He said there were "serious and legitimate doubts" whether Citgo's revenue had helped ease poverty in Venezuela.
Now, her insurance card means she can head straight for the doctor.
The University Club was also designed by McKim, Meade & White just after the peak of the European nudist renaissance.
Several experts question whether the system provides anything approaching an accurate picture.
Its resolution is sufficient for sharing photos online or, according to Canon, for prints up to 5 by 7 inches.
In Los Angeles he writes of "the rim of smog lining the horizon like scum on an unwashed sink."
On a television screen in a dark hotel room, three vulnerable pigs tremble during a flickering cartoon, just before the wolflike thing invades.
In fact, over that period, portfolios invested in the highest-yielding stocks returned three percentage points more a year than the S.&P.
's Consumers nationwide are gradually shifting away from large sport utility vehicles toward smaller, more fuel-efficient S.U.V.
"I've had a rough week," the V.C.
Indeed, the chairman of the F.D.A.
(Doubleday, $24.95; special illustrated edition, $35.)
Crossword E8 Weather D7 TV Listings E9
Were job growth instead to be measured from the end of the recession, this recovery is the slowest ever, with the job count up 2.6 percent in four years.
Will it remain a magnet for strivers from the countryside?
The increases in tuition, book costs, and room and board have made college attendance unaffordable for increasing numbers of would-be students.
For a segment on fund-raising, he spoke of the donor strategies he employed in the late 1990's when he ran the Royal Opera House in England, to pay for a beleaguered building project.
The airline said it was looking for alternatives, like finding a financial institution to guarantee part of the reserve.
Doctors cannot test embryos for genetic defects or freeze them in order to better a woman's chances of pregnancy, a method Ms. Pennati probably would have used were it not for the law.
They had fled war-torn Sudan, but the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees office in Cairo -- across the street from where they camped out -- told them that they were not eligible for refugee status or for relocation because it was safe for them to return home.
His death followed a short illness, said his wife, Gertrude, who was also co-owner and a producer of the circus, which they formed with Mr. Hanneford's sister in 1965.
These are living creatures that have real physical and psychological needs, so at the end of the day, parents need to consider themselves the primary care givers."
At the White House, President Bush said he applauded the decision on Justice Owen, but called on the Senate to act on all his nominees.
New Jersey was one of 15 states that did not apply for the grants, according to the Department of Labor.
In the new advertisement, Ms. Keenan said, "we wanted to make a broader case."
She added, "Someday, I hope to have the chance to talk more about all that has happened, the extraordinary people I have met here and all that I have learned."
Services 12:45PM Sunday, January 16 at "The Riverside", 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave., NYC.
"But getting back home, these fans, his energy level is what set the tone for us.
The company's comments that Mr. Battenberg's retirement and Mr. Dawes's ouster were unrelated did little to damp speculation on Wall Street.
When Perricone talks about his success, the tale often carries the slightly disingenuous ring of the Hollywood starlet, the one who picks up the phone and gets an instantaneous offer, or shows up somewhere and is plucked immediately from the crowd.
The biggest challenge facing Britain's politicians, said Andrew Rawnsley in a column in The Observer, "is the psychological impact on the country of discovering that the worst terrorist atrocity ever inflicted on the capital was perpetrated by British-born young men who were keen on cricket and worked in a chippy" -- slang for a fast-food outlet selling fish and chips.
There is needless duplication and competition.
Being There Hotels Gandamack Lodge (011 93 79 569 904; e-mail: fatema11pk@yahoo.com).
The single-story structure became a hotel and in the 70's, as political conditions worsened, a state guesthouse for the Khmer Rouge.
He's four goddamn stars one night and Dirty Harry the next."
"He's now been hospitalized so much that it is hard to believe that any treatment they'll give him will make a difference of more than some months."
As a fan of human complexity, I would find such a world dull.
The program is repeated tonight at Alice Tully Hall.
(A shame you couldn't have seen them.
Dinner: 6 to 9 p.m. Thursday through Saturday.
1230 Fifth Avenue, at 104th Street, (212)831-7272.
"When Sub Pop started, everyone said, 'Oh, it's going on in Seattle!'
Irving had a long and active career in the textile industry, serving as president of the Greige Goods Division of Reeves Brothers.
The pro-commonwealth governor and pro-statehood legislature are so gridlocked that no movement on the status issue is likely until at least 2008.
The restaurant has an excellent wine list.
The program's video was taken by Stephen Dupont, a freelance Australian photojournalist who was embedded in the American unit to document its operations.
A pillion is the second seat on a motorcycle.
-- a scatological comedy directed with gusto by Jason Schuler and Kourtney Rutherford -- would never make it past the Federal Communications Commission.
Asked how the ur-awards show could be jazzed up, Mr. Toffler suggested more unexpected couplings for presenters, giving the film clips more energy and moving some of the less-anticipated awards to the preview show.
But ABC was under pressure on "Commander in Chief," which stars Geena Davis as the first female president.
A majority vote had been needed to condemn or acquit Dr. Kansfield.
I'm going to do the same: I will work day after day like I did my whole life and I'm not going to change anything because I won this tournament."
The Priz had been launched from a Russian naval vessel that usually carried two such rescue craft, according to the newspaper Kommersant.
The final cost of Katrina relief is widely expected to top $100 billion, and the Louisiana Congressional delegation has submitted its own $250 billion wish list.
While the victory in the deeply divided legislature will avert an immediate election, it probably will mean only a brief respite for Mr. Martin from the continuous political troubles that have shaken his ability to improve security and trade relations with the United States and infused new oxygen into the separatist movement in Quebec.
That instrument has a special meaning for the Tuareg: it's a symbol of rebellion and freedom.
On evenings and weekends, Burns and his friends would cluster around their TV's until the wee hours of the morning, gleefully blowing one another to pieces.
"Let's put it this way: If he feels the way he does today, he can't pitch," Manager Joe Torre said.
"It's an indication we need to focus on how El Niño may change as the earth warms," said Dr. Michael W. Wara, who performed the research while a graduate student at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
"Our first rule is that we publish writers we like and we want to be read," Ms. Nyssen explained.
Even as the Iraqi authorities appeared to be closing the door on complaints of fraud, Sunni Arab parties continued to push for concessions.
According to a safety board report, that jet ran off the end of a runway on March 9, after the pilot found he could not pull back the steering column and aborted the takeoff.
"And that's just something we have to come to terms with."
He received his master's degree from the University of Wisconsin and then returned to New York, where he taught speech for several years at the Neighborhood Playhouse on East 54th Street.
With my next lease renewal, which comes in 2007, the rent will exceed $2,000.
(Gates) A LUMINOUS CENTURY: CELEBRATING NORWEGIAN CINEMA (Through Nov. 29) The Film Society of Lincoln Center and the Norwegian Film Institute have organized this 29-film program representing Norway's century-old movie industry.
On the Universal lot, those in charge of manufacturing the "King Kong" buzz are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
"They'd call me every so often to discuss what they were doing," he said.
"But I am afraid that the governor and those few family members have succeeded in destroying what could not be destroyed on that awful Tuesday, which is our hope."
Mr. DiBiase, whose father, Carmine, opened Central Lunch in the same spot in 1928, gladly answers any questions you might have.
They ran the rag trade, boiled bones and scoured the streets for old cans because the solder and metal could be sold or reused.
But getting the garbage to the sites would inevitably mean an increase in street traffic from shorthauling garbage trucks.
Asked if this issue might spill into the season because the Yankees and Blue Jays play 18 times, Womack said: "I know the guy's name.
Joe Horan, Bow Meow's owner, also caters "bark mitzvahs" and "woofermations."
Richard Hambro, Chairman Dani Shein, Managing Dir
Qualls takes his cues from the text.
Though thankful for all the help from the Neediest Cases, Aileen especially appreciated the extra boost that allowed her to make the trip to Washington.
Many of them also say they doubt that new money will be enough to enable the company to turn itself around.
13, a tee shot must carry 285 yards.
Mr. Frazier provided her with a document that showed that production over 30 years would produce 51,590 drums of hazardous and radioactive waste.
The squash juice drinks are now out of the picture.
"This organization right now can't wait to move forward," said Gilbert, who announced the hiring of the former Cavaliers player Danny Ferry as the team's general manager.
So far, Malignaggi's toughest battle has been with his hands, which have been a bother for most of his career.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Douglasville, Douglas County, Ga., $53.7 million of water and sewer authority revenue bonds.
It has a still larger production space as well as room for additions: a retail shop and a coffee bar, which will be completed soon.
The lower house of the Russian Parliament, the Duma, had signaled disgust with Mr. Voronin, threatening economic sanctions and other actions against his government in what seemed a bid to sway votes.
Rabbi Needleman said the meeting had been helpful.
In previous years he structured the rooftop events as contests in which the artists would judge one anothers' work, with cash prizes for the winners.
"This is bananas," Dr. Alsammarae said of the more incendiary accusations directed his way.
Corporate executives involved in a merger may also receive enhanced retirement benefits, like a crediting of their service to age 65, even if they are nowhere near that.
-- Organized labor played through its game of chicken, with the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
ST. PETER'S LUTHERAN CHURCH, Lexington Avenue, at 54th Street.
"With competition the way it is, I wouldn't trust anything anywhere," said a studio head, who asked not to be identified because he was also interested in "Smoking."
Mr. Richter "has done significant damage to the Internet and deserves to suffer a million indignities with a red-hot Garden Weasel," wrote Craig Cook, a Web designer and author of the blog Focal Curve (focalcurve.com).
Scientists have long wondered how the parasite that causes malaria -- a single-cell creature, plasmodium, carried by mosquitoes -- manages to be so successful.
He asked out of his Leverkusen contract and came back to M.L.S.
Dr. Timothy Marten, Marten Clinic of Plastic Surgery, 450 Sutter Street, Suite 2222, San Francisco, Calif. 94108; (415)677-9937; surgical fee starts at $12,950.
"You can actually buy a teacup and saucer that is the same as the ones in a royal 18th-century service," says Moss, who finds it particularly thrilling that a fragile clay disc should be in production for 250 years.
senior adviser to the commissioner.
Then, at 35, when her children are in high school and she "knows herself better," she may sally forth and enter the work force and stay there for 30 years.
1 show on TV, and you shouldn't revolutionize it, which is what 'C.S.I.
Toker tells the story of Fallingwater, a modernist structure cantilevered over a waterfall near Pittsburgh, its celebrated architect and the magnate who commissioned it.
Poti, who also assisted on Martin Straka's second-period goal, has recorded 6 points in his last six games.
It's hard to know what the American people believe about these claims, but one vital test of whether the claims are believed is the number of adolescent men and women prepared to show up at the recruiting posts in the suburban shopping malls and how many already in the service or Guard choose to re-enlist and sign up for another tour in Ramadi or Falluja.
"It's a very refreshing look," he said.
He flew Bob Hope, Jack Benny and Michael Jordan.
To order The New York Times for your classroom, click here .
3.Pace, measure and take notes.
In Baghdad and two southern cities, thousands of Mr. Sadr's followers staged peaceful demonstrations, denouncing the American presence, deploring the state of Iraq's electricity and water supplies, and lashing out at rival Shiite groups.
Later, they even offered Mr. McCain early release -- an offer he refused, like all other offers of special treatment, with obscene and bitter insults to his captors, his fellow prisoners have said.
That's the question behind the proposed Brooklyn Bridge Park, a 1.3-mile-long waterfront project overlooking one of the most spectacular views in the world: the glimmering wall of towers that rises across the East River at the tip of Manhattan.
"There are oceanfront houses you can find for $4 million that would be $8 million or even $10 million in places like Boca Raton or Palm Beach or Long Island."
A dispute has been percolating within the theater community since August, when two companies in Provincetown, Mass., announced their intention to merge and rename themselves after another company founded almost a century ago in that Cape Cod resort: the Provincetown Players.
Sister O'Connell said that, especially early on, there sometimes was tension between associates and members of orders.
Sarbanes-Oxley, they claim, has wound up doing more harm than good, because it was passed precisely the way Mr. Sarbanes said he was trying to avoid: "in the heat of the moment."
He became the first person -- solo and in winter -- to climb the 59 Colorado peaks that United States Geological Survey maps show as 14,000 feet or higher.
I competed in a mechanical-bull-riding circuit in Northern California while working at I. Magnin.
The four had been gliding beneath the housing projects and freeways that ring Manhattan and the Bronx.
A bevy of hedge fund managers who followed Mr. Cuban's lead into Register.com -- licking their lips as they bought shares in it -- have been running around Wall Street howling about the sale, too, as if they were channeling Mr. Cuban.
In the 60's cards went Day-Glo and featured mod text.
From 1996 to 2002, a book's selection for Oprah's Book Club typically resulted in sales of more than a million copies, a boon to authors and publishers in a business where selling 20,000 copies of a literary novel is considered a success.
Even then, you scratch your head: where's the dialing pad?
As Walsh's daughter and Stripes's jockey, Ms. Panettiere overdoes her character's indeterminately rural accent (there's a lot of ridin' and hopin'), but she has a sweet, old-fashioned screen presence that may qualify her as her generation's Hayley Mills.
lawyers on behalf of Khaled el-Masri, a German who says he was beaten and taken to Afghanistan by American agents.
Directed by Joseph Sargent; Mark Gordon and Celia Costas, executive producers; Chrisann Verges, producer; Robbie Greenberg, director of photography; written by Margaret Nagle.
Dr. ElBaradei, who won the Nobel Peace Prize this year, will take the proposal to Iran on behalf of Britain, Germany, France and the United States, the officials said.
But he played only one season in St. Louis.
MARIA FINN DOMINGUEZ Correction: March 13, 2005, Sunday Because of an editing error, an article on Feb. 6 about an Apache-run ski resort near Ruidoso, N.M., misstated the location of the San Carlos Agency in the 1870's.
"I tend to be close-mouthed about something that is so private and personal," Armstrong added.
Banc of America Securities and Lehman Bros. Universal American Financial Corp., 7 million shares.
"We see among the rioters kids of 13 to 15, who are swept along, who are encouraged to take all the risks, and the others, the ringleaders, who are used to creating trouble -- they terrorize everyone, and don't want to stop," said Franck Cannarozzo, a deputy mayor of Aulnay.
But many Republican senators continued to voice their support for Mr. Bolton.
The number of workers will soon swell to 30, including representatives from government agencies involved in the construction, as they prepare to coordinate more than 20 projects starting in the next six months.
A Memorial Service will be held on Tuesday, May 24, 1:30pm at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street.
Many of them simply disappear with no explanation.
She recently sold her deconstructed hacienda-style house in Bel Air, which she bought for $6 million, for $16 million.
For the moment, they are focusing on possibly adding Lee Mazzilli, Ron Guidry and Larry Bowa to their coaching staff.
Medical researchers can have a serious purpose in implanting human cells in animals.
Using an assessment of 23 cents per $1,000 of valuation of each commercial building in the district, it designs joint-marketing initiatives, keeps the streets clean and graffiti free and tries to improve the overall appearance of the area through initiatives like an awning program that grants storeowners up to $1,000 each to replace worn or plastic awnings with new canvas ones.
Schilling has five or six starts left in the regular season and there is no way of knowing if he has enough time to become more complete.
This extraordinary show of work from a photo agency established by Agustín Victor Casasola in Mexico City has the span of a Greek epic and the nested themes and subplots of a picaresque novel, with revolutionary heroes and a vivid cast of everyday people.
With the elections just a week and a half away, American commanders, according to John F. Burns of The Times, are seeking "to prepare public opinion in Iraq and abroad for one of the bloodiest chapters in the war so far."
They seem to be in need of specific direction from the 'powers that be,' at the very least."
The commission has since approved the closing of such venerable institutions as the Walter Reed Army Medical Center, while rejecting Pentagon recommendations on Groton and the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
"You don't have to think about what you're doing very much."
It also helps that all but Curry on the starting five are seniors and, as a class, they are acutely aware that their college basketball mortality is upon them.
Fringed with references to death as it often was, Gray's work was an attempt to give meaning to life by describing it with accuracy, honesty and artistry, and the reminiscences and tributes that conclude this book remind us how consistently he succeeded in his self-appointed task.
The virtue of reading, they say, lies in the communion between writer and reader, the ability to pause, to reread a sentence, and yes, read it out loud -- to yourself.
Speedboats have hit rocks in the river.
With every step, that figure kicked at a cultural barrier that is crumbling as the power of hip-hop converges with an equally powerful global force: Japanese animation.
"They came to me in desperation," said Felicia de Chabris of Halstead.
(Vieux Vins, Vineburg, Calif.) R. López de Heredia Viña Gravonia Crianza 1994: $24 ** 1/2 [Rating: Two and a half stars] Aromas of almonds, coconut and vanilla; old-style for the modern palate.
Keret's stories are deliberately unepic, which may be one reason they're so popular.
And this scent also takes me directly to the architecture of my Cornish sensibility, to four of the most profoundly soothing, lyrical lines of English verse that will forever and inextricably remain with me: Whan that aprill with his shoures soote The droghte of march hath perced to the roote And bathed every veyne in swich licour Of which vertu engendred is the flour Chaucer's pilgrims were stirred to action by the unfolding of a new year, a new beginning, a renewal; and so, too, farm life revolves around beginnings and renewals, the life cycles of plants and animals, with the annual first cutting, drying and storing of hay the backbone and heartbeat of farm life throughout the year.
"We have to start all over," Sheila Celestin said.
As Mr. Naftali sees it, the Plaza's registration area, on the Central Park South side of the first floor, will serve as the entrance to the condos.
Dr. Shehada said that since he arrived here on Oct. 21, he and four other members of the British-based medical group Doctors Worldwide have treated 80 to 90 patients a day, and have evacuated 10 seriously injured patients a day by helicopter.
Mr. Rove also tipped off Matthew Cooper of Time magazine to Ms. Wilson's identity in a phone conversation on July 11, two days after he spoke to Mr. Novak.
"I contribute as much as I can," said Sarah, who also uses her earnings to pay for classes at the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan.
We have taken great steps in recent months, but we know that there is more work to be done to get us there.
She's worked diligently on behalf of New York and the nation."
"We had a family conference about whether to pave it or leave it as a lawn," he said.
Mr. McCluggage said the attractions were creative control and a chance to invest.
Torre said Sheffield would return first as a pinch-hitter, and then as a designated hitter.
Services Tuesday 11 AM at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 555 North Station Plaza, Great Neck, New York.
Mr. LaLanne: Scoot down in your chair.
He also rejected Ms. Stewart's arguments that another juror, No.
"Warm feet -- you can't put a value on that, especially when you live in the Northeast.
team very busy," the Web site says.
The Hudson River and the residents along its shore have moved beyond the past and embraced the subtle balance that will provide a prosperous future and a healthy environment.
Officer Daniel Enchautegui had two families: one he was linked to by blood, the other by a badge.
Cancer guidelines inform agency regulators how a substance might cause cancer in humans.
While I watched, a black body bag was loaded onto a waiting EMS truck.
On the contrary, he was "sincerely adored," she insisted, because of an all-pervasive personality cult.
Cnooc is racing an Aug. 10 deadline, when Unocal shareholders get to vote on a $16.8 billion offer made by Chevron in April.
1 East 70th Street, (212) 288-0700.
"They know there are all these databases everywhere, and if their name comes up they could be on some list and the next thing they know they are going to be in deportation proceedings.
But the wood, as was true of all the wood-colored furniture reviewed, whether chestnut or mahogany or cherry, was surface-dyed with sprayed lacquers, not stained.
That plane, carrying 44 tons of vitamin-fortified biscuits from Italy, is to be followed by a second flight today with another 24 tons of biscuits plus storage tents and generators, a spokeswoman for the Rome-based agency, Stephanie Savariaud, said.
Then reflect on the following question: How does the suggestion of the person’s social class affect the telling of the person’s story, if at all?
Indeed, the Upper Albany group has long lists of residents who have had overflow troubles in their backyards and basements.
For tickets, $200 and up: (917)351-8725.
Mr. Villaraigosa vowed to work tirelessly to knit together this sprawling pastiche of a city.
Dr. Bernhard Sabel of Otto-von-Guericke University in Magdeburg, Germany, who developed the technique, said it involved twice-a-day sessions of 30 minutes each at a computer terminal.
It provides investigators with a chance to plan the further direction of the investigation."
In the film, she expressed her determination to carry on.
"Most of us were not supposed to be living there."
Timothy Flanigan, a general counsel at Tyco, has been nominated for the second-ranking Justice Department post.
"We have to use our own shotguns," said the patrolman, who did not want to be identified by name.
PAGE 6 Renewed Tensions in Gaza After a night of Hamas rocket attacks, Israel moved troops to the border with the Gaza Strip and launched airstrikes this morning that hit a school and wounded 20 people.
The Miers story isn't about ideology, judicial philosophy or even Harriet E. Miers's competence as a lawyer.
Jack Welsh, the administrator of the Michigan jail, said it generally resembled dormitories.
GAME 1, BOTTOM OF THE FOURTH -- Fox's Joe Buck was in a taped conversation with the Houston pitching coach Jim Hickey when Joe Crede was batting for Chicago, a chat that continued for eight seconds after Crede hit a home run.
On Saturday the candidates vied again.
Every steak sampled delivered tender, flavorful meat and crispy fat: a buttery filet mignon, juicy rib eye, nicely charred New York strip, marinated skirt steak and classic porterhouse for two.
They are no longer active in the European case.
Most distressing, Mr. Hu has tugged China backward politically.
Leonard Lance, Senate minority leader, said that while Mr. Codey deserved credit for confronting budget problems directly, he was also motivated by pragmatism: when his term as acting governor ends, Mr. Codey will still retain his position as Senate president and be forced to help clean up whatever budget mess remains.
He is especially taken by the ease of making transitions.
BERDACH--Thea, died Friday, July 22, 2005, at Mather Hospital, Port Jefferson, NY at the age of 86.
After being talked to by Miller, Artest would understand his mistake, but his erratic behavior would occur again.
Of course it sounds like madness, which is why we should have been paying closer attention from the beginning.
About 85 percent of the state's total operating budget comes from the general fund.
Then there's the forbidding name of the spread: Misery Mountain Farm.
The Post-Mortem The findings of Mr. Dilawar's autopsy were succinct.
When people are out in the marketplace, thinking about buying a product that they take with them to do a particular application, they weigh whether it is more important for them to have organization as an application -- they might buy a Zire or one of our TX products -- or they weigh whether music is their most important thing.
And that brings relief to Europeans, for they closely watch boating fairs like Genoa's to judge the overall health of their economy.
The group is rounded out by a Rhode Islander and three Russians, including one who spoke no English before starting his studies with the Americans, but by graduation was playing Simon Stimson in the students' English-language production of Thornton Wilder's "Our Town."
Mr. Munitz, a former university administrator and businessman with an easy confidence and keen political instincts, defends himself, saying that much of the rancor arises because the Getty Museum, unlike the Metropolitan or other large American museums, does not have the final word on its own fate.
In his new novel, Kirn invents a religion whose believers hit the road to recruit.
"We've just always been able to compete and keep that name Mount Vernon out there in the league," said Ray Williams, a legendary Mount Vernon High graduate who averaged more than 20 points and nearly 50 percent shooting as a starting guard for the Knicks during the 1979-80 season.
George Davidson led wooden rowboats into rough waters, churning with the chaos of sleek orcas corralling longer, less nimble humpback whales.
Acknowledging that she grew tense as the second set wore on, Henin-Hardenne said: "It's going to be like that, I think, for my whole career.
"I don't care about their reaction," Beltran later said about the fans.
Finite reinsurance is used to try to manage expensive claims over time.
Then both sides should work out common sense rules on determining when an affiliate is independent enough to make a donation apart from its larger organization.
As for the games themselves, it became clear at X05 that it was utterly unfair to the team making Perfect Dark Zero to thrust that game into the role of Halo's heir.
Not quite the campfest its absurd but undeniably catchy title suggests, "Zombie Honeymoon" is actually an emotionally driven blend of romance, comedy and horror.
Eckstein also wanted to discuss whether the fellowship should expand Stand for Israel into a full-fledged lobbying operation along the lines of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
For years, Mr. Berlusconi has fended off a series of prosecutions, by deft legal work and, his critics say, by fashioning laws intended to help him avoid going to jail.
"I think it's fair to say the climate and culture and geography are a big influence," said Michael Downes, a designer with Giant Bicycle Company in Newbury Park, whose "Fashion Bikes," a pair of women's sport bicycles that look more like flip-flops than machines with gears, are included in the Pasadena biennial.
For six weeks, the losses were generally mitigated by tangible signs of progress, by the hope sparked by their rookies and by the improving health of the roster.
"It's changing the way I see interactions in the ocean," said Steven H.D.
A fake spy's role-playing draws him into the real world of espionage in this playful novel.
Leadership discussions are top secret in China, and colleagues of Mr. Zhao speculated that his arrest on the secrets charges, which could result in a long prison sentence, was in retaliation for that article.
We extend heartfelt sympathy to his bereaved family.
Charles F. Dolan, the legendary yet fanatical father who founded the cable giant; James, the former substance-abusing son turned would-be company hero; Tom, the "other" son you've never heard of who is clearly the father's favorite; and the rest of the gang, all living at the family compound in Bethpage, N.Y. And just in case the characters' wacky antics don't grab you, there's now a tension-filled plot line guaranteed to grab ratings: Will the Dolans end up selling the family business?
The companies said in October that they were discussing a deal.
Four or five years ago, our third graders weren't reading."
Indeed it is, and not just any traffic accident.
The move, he said, will alienate the king from all of the nation's major political forces even as it does nothing to strengthen his hand against the rebels.
Their lawyer asked the judge, George Greer of Pinellas-Pasco Circuit Court, to allow time for new medical tests, citing a recent study that suggested that some brain-damaged people who appear unaware might register what is going on around them.
He is planning a book, eager to pay homage to his political mentors and troubled by inaccuracies he said he has seen in the news media, from the sequence of events in Crown Heights to who was a deputy mayor and who wasn't.
Andy, Bob, David, Bob and Bill
"We should give him a wall to do his pieces and videos," Ms. Heiss said under her breath.
It has a circulation of 70,000 copies and is part of the Family Communications chain, headquartered in Manhattan.
To be sure, many couples credit counseling with strengthening their marriages.
He started in real estate as an office boy and through real estate deals became a millionaire.
He was standing, he says, "at the gate observing this river of educated young people flowing in and out.
"He's going to become someone's plaything in the general population," Mr. Dow said.
A planned television puff piece on Kimberly's school suddenly becomes a tabloid news feature pursued by a fame-hungry reporter, Emily Klein (Jane Krakowski).
Last week came the surprise announcement of holiday fare discounts from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
He has become a prominent spokesman railing against the dangers of fast food, obesity in America, substandard school lunch programs, the excesses of advertising and corporate greed.
Consider how and why cultural or spiritual rituals are practiced.
There are times when you have to reach for a tenuous metaphor to convey how homespun and straight from the heart a restaurant is; at other times, the scene sets itself.
Her mother was until earlier this month the vice president for development at the Manhattan School of Music, in charge of fund-raising and public relations; she is now a consultant to the school in those fields.
He and I have had some talks about staying ready and he would get his opportunity to lead this team to victory.
So when he witnessed such a sight on the morning of Dec. 26, he started running and shouting.
You directed Miller in a commercial.
Both factors weighed on the market.
"I like to think of myself as the guy that can bounce back from pretty much anything," Wallace said.
They used a prying tool called the Jaws of Life to wrench open the twisted metal to extricate the victims.
"I am certain we will control this epidemic if we work more with the communities."
Meanwhile, Amalia's best friend, Josefina (Julieta Zylberberg), whispers malicious sexual gossip about their instructor.
Our hearts are broken over the tragic loss of our dearest friend Arthur.
Problem: in order to pass a bolt easily through a wooden leg and into the corner of the frame, the whole bottom had to be level.
So why did it run out of gas, with monthly sales these days bumping along in the low three digits?
As the meeting went on throughout the day and into the night, Mr. Rafsanjani tried to use the conflict to his benefit, hoping to convince people that a vote for him was a vote against extremism.
"This could show that celecoxib is the best drug or the worst drug," said Dr. Nissen, using the generic name for Celebrex.
They made that clear in the fall of 1999, when Mr. Bush, the Republican front-runner for president, accused Mr. DeLay of balancing the federal budget on the backs of the poor and Mr. DeLay shot back that Mr. Bush "does not know how Congress works."
I'm now in my 50's, and my youngest son is about to go off to college.
Then nearly two weeks ago Pixar Animation Studios also cut forecasts because of disappointing DVD sales of "The Incredibles."
"Because this kind of mentality is embedded, when a new listing comes on and there is too much flab in the price, they won't go look at it."
He knew she was right.
The Supreme Court now has a chance to reverse this trend and uphold the right to cast ballots where they can make a difference.
Although he was making a modest $2.2 million in 1999, Jones was due to become a free agent the following year, and he was seeking a maximum contract.
Mr. Morrow and Mr. Krumholtz are appealing in their roles, but Judd Hirsch as their overbearing Jewish father comes perilously close to sitcom-cute.
Mr. Novak identified her in a column on July 14, 2003, using her maiden name, Valerie Plame.
"And we know if we teach them the five-paragraph essay formula, they'll pass that test.
Adaptive cruise control allows a driver to choose a desired following distance.
Box 205, 8912 E. Pinnacle Peak Rd., F-8, Scottsdale, AZ 85255 appreciated.
MILE 37: OCEAN HOUSE BEACH -- After rolling through a high alpine forest at the start of the highest coastal mountain range in the contiguous 48 states, and through a former stagecoach stop called Capetown, downshift and check your brakes.
"The market is exploding," said Frank Price, who owns Birthday University, a company in Raleigh, N.C.
"When two major consumer product companies merge, we have to ensure that European consumers do not suffer in terms of price competition or product ranges," Europe's competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes, said in a statement.
But my father, the C.I.A.
August, a big fan who kept track of the rankings, used to call me from the road to excitedly ask whether I was picking Mike Tyson or Roy Jones on a particular night.
Happily, most of the old inhabitants stayed on.
The commuter is a human being, and the suburban rail car a delicate psychological battleground, a society of sleepy, depressive people jockeying for scraps of comfort and solace.
I'll float the river once or twice a month, while Jim is out there once or twice a week depending on who is up visiting.
In the film, she impersonates an egregiously absurdist Jewish American princess, musing on race, religion and sex with all the zaniness and surreptitious truth-telling a faux ingénue can deliver.
"He was inbred to Domino, a classic sire.
Beloved mother of Steven and Kathy.
Pruzan also provides some telling biographical details about Mortimer -- most notably that she left England only twice.
But the first 118 games demonstrated that the Indians were on their way back, and they will try to make it even further this year.
He practically leaps out of the frame as he skewers his prey with a cool, self-confident, heartthrob's smile.
In the end, tangible diplomacy trumped abstract strategy.
Mr. Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway, is Gillette's largest shareholder, owning nearly 99 million shares, or 10 percent of the company.
Information: www.villamater.com, phone and fax (39-095) 580-532.
Most of the stories that were told and repeated this week were melodramas.
Ms. Carmichael has seen stride gain acceptance among younger pianists.
"I really wasn't ready for this," said Jan Henry, who lives on a boat in Key West, which has not seen a major hurricane in decades.
Under the terms of a futures contract, any trader who has sold one must supply the underlying security to the contract's owner when it expires.
This is a "false hope" at present for parents of autistic children only because there are still so few schools that recognize that the problem can be effectively tackled -- and then do so.
He once referred to Williams as the front-runner, but he also made it clear that he would pursue the top available candidates.
Yes, the information seems too daunting at times, yet it is because of the information available that I have made decisions that have prolonged my life and its quality for longer than the original prognosis.
(Ages 5 and up) 3 1 DIARY OF A SPIDER, by Doreen Cronin.
But as Mr. Bush and other administration supporters were quick to point out, North Carolina also exports large quantities of yarn and fabric to Central America.
He sees opposing wide receivers exploiting the secondary.
You know you're in trouble when Henry Kissinger gives you advice on how to exit a war.
So now they're going to somehow magically be really excellent in tutoring?
"He could not breathe," said a man called Parkhudin, who had been one of Mr. Dilawar's passengers.
Maybe Jean-Paul Sartre is next.
That's because he has crossed it so often.
TETSUYA'S, 529 Kent Street, 61-2-9267-2900.
In Bozouls, people actually walk.
Their patron saint is the former Alabama chief justice Roy S. Moore, best known for his activism in displaying the Ten Commandments; in a ruling against a lesbian mother in a custody case, Mr. Moore deemed homosexuality "abhorrent, immoral, detestable, a crime against nature" and suggested that the state had the power to prohibit homosexual "conduct" with penalties including "confinement and even execution."
Lifting her high in the air, "I snapped my head back, and suddenly it seemed that my body was turning, and the room was spinning around," Mr. Farquhar recounted.
Before that, Mr. Kwatinetz had pursued a purchase of Time Warner's global music unit, a deal that would have placed him at the helm of a cluster of record labels and a catalog that ranges from Led Zeppelin to Ray Charles.
3 seeded Stags (15-14) will play second-seeded Rider on Sunday in the semifinals.
The administration assumed that per capita drug spending would rise 35 percent from 2003 to 2006.
Well you know, for many years, there weren't many cures for lung cancer.
Exquisitely directed and designed, "The Pillowman" features top-of-the-line performances from Billy Crudup, Jeff Goldblum, Zeljko Ivanek and Michael Stuhlbarg (2:40).
No, scratch that, it appears to be booming.
"Even though there are 58 co-sponsors on the repeal of it," Mr. Tittel said, "his response is to put money for 165 people to implement Fast Track."
So he asks provocative questions of employees: "What is the single most important insight about work that you want to pass onto your kids?
Spiegel, which is valued at $865 million under the plan, will be renamed Eddie Bauer Holdings.
Now it will be undisputed when we win the World Series that it will be the biggest moment in sports history."
Age range -- Mid 20's to late 30's.
There are now 8,000 of them, about 40 percent of which have been opened in the last four years, and money is absolutely pouring into them -- they're at $1 trillion and counting -- as institutions search for ways to generate positive returns in this difficult market.
Until then, he said, George Smith will consolidate its retail operations in 3,000 square feet at 73 Spring Street, space that has been part of its store but is in a different building.
Her father made a fortune in the chewing gum industry.
"The threat to change Senate rules is a raw abuse of power and will destroy the very checks and balances our founding fathers put in place to prevent absolute power by any one branch of government," Mr. Reid said.
They endured the assassination of the revered founder of Sciri, Mr. Hakim's brother, Ayatollah Muhammad Bakr al-Hakim, in August 2003.
Any shootings involving police officers are routinely reviewed, she said.
As a class, read and discuss the article “Another Terror Attack, but Not by Humans” ( //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20050630thursday.html ), focusing on the following questions: a.
Indeed, even nations that for years did their utmost to forget the past have now been confronting incidents once thought safely buried.
The blood bank discovered that one of its donors was H.I.V.
GOTHAM CITY GHOST TOUR, Greenwich Village.
The arrests, coming five weeks after five American servicemen stationed here were arrested on charges of cocaine trafficking, have badly tarnished Washington's $3.3 billion anti-drug offensive.
The big questions are why this occurs and what can be done about it.
"This one's getting ready to go under the skin of mice," he said, displaying a small container.
(Since this year the anniversary fell on Good Friday, the chalking took place the day before.)
The states of the upper basin -- Colorado, Utah, Wyoming and New Mexico -- wanted Ms. Norton to keep as much water as possible in Lake Powell, which last month was at 33 percent capacity.
Commonwealth Club, 26 Northview Avenue.
The Knicks, after starting the season 0-5, won for the fourth time in seven games to improve to 4-8.
In the last 10 years the average age of cruise-takers has dropped from 60 to 50, according to the Cruise Line International Association trade group.
In most cities, a player who was leading the major leagues in home runs with 16 and in runs batted in with 47 and was second on his team with a .318 average would be touted as a potential Triple Crown winner and most valuable player.
"But this film had some clever ideas in it."
"I knew there was going to be a death.
He loves the Liszt for the right reasons and gives it an almost sensual glow.
Vijay does the same thing every day, and he loves it.
In both cases, he lost a number of Republicans along with almost all Democrats.
Nonetheless, the new confidence about entering the world's educational elite is heard among politicians and university administrators, students and professors.
Still, she has not called for either a withdrawal of American troops or a timetable for their withdrawal.
Years of drug and alcohol abuse added to his instability and increasing rootlessness, especially in the 80's, when he had mostly cut off ties with his family.
Republicans said the relationship between Mr. Bush and Mr. Rove was so deep and complex that it was hard to imagine the president cutting ties with him barring an indictment.
A news analysis article on Friday about problems surrounding the effort to have cultural organizations represented at the World Trade Center site misstated the date this year on which Gov.
And the Port of Houston Authority tried to soften the blow to other ports as it started to receive shipments diverted from Louisiana and Mississippi.
-- and, even worse as far as I was concerned, my mother-in-law let my husband out of his part of the job.
They would just fill up the place.
The age of 18 is the point where society draws the line for many purposes between childhood and adulthood.
Rule No.1 was made plain at the first threshold, which was cluttered with a growing pile of pumps, slides and sandals.
World music has its own clearinghouse for downloads at calabashmusic.com, where it's easy to stock an iPod with music from Uzbekistan or Curaçao or just read up on them.
"We welcome the determination by the Maytag board of directors that ours is a superior proposal and look forward to the signing of a definitive agreement with Maytag," Jeff M. Fettig, Whirlpool's chief executive, said in a statement.
More than $1.2 million Westport $1.99 million 17 Broadview Road Number of bedrooms: 6 Number of full bathrooms: 6 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Time on the market: 34 weeks 50-year-old stone and wood-sided Cape Cod; dining room, eat-in kitchen, vaulted ceilings, marble and h/w floors, 2-car garage, 1.55-acre lot; taxes $16,110; listed at $2.275 million.
Vibrantly colored and stylized, these animations are then presented as digital projections or films, or in slide shows.
Why you elected to give standing to the accused killer of a police officer to claim "Police Fired Fatal Shot, Murder Suspect Says in Jail" is as offensive as it is unfathomable.
Some critics worry that "unfiltered" media like blogs exacerbate social tensions by handing a powerful electronic platform to extremists at no charge.
And there were questions about the succession.
A nine-year veteran, he averaged 18 points or more in each of his first seven seasons, in Vancouver and Atlanta.
She also told of his disappearance near Philadelphia, while she was at a training program in Ohio, and how when she returned to Mississippi after hearing the news, the only place she could stay was the black-owned hotel, with a guard organized by black ministers keeping watch outside.
Interment Long Island National Cemetery.
You feel as if you are traveling West with her, looking out a car window at the sights.
But after the team's final full-scale practice for Miami on Thursday, he did admit, "You have no idea you're going to play like that."
The small shop, housed in a Marshall Field's department store, is to open Sept. 22.
He accused Amtrak of reneging on its commitment and trying to put his firm out of business, calling the railroad's management "dysfunctional."
In fact, as she later acknowledged, the studies that she mentioned had done little to resolve the question of Vioxx's risk in people using it for long periods of time.
"It's a crescendo; it gets stronger every year, "she said of the numbers of home buyers moving east and north on the Island.
"It's very warm and welcoming here.
Mr. Cordesman found in a recent analysis of American figures that more than 60 Iraqis were killed daily this year, up from 40 last year.
Emily Kies Folpe unearthed the fact that 18th-century Englishmen grabbed land in what is now Washington Square from African slaves freed by the Dutch.
Nor was there mention of her work this fall in creating the American Bioindustry Alliance, a group underwritten largely by drug companies.
When I was going by Kitty."
So far 14 businesses are accepting the cards as payment, with two more set to join soon, said Millie Fellingham, the chamber's executive director.
Under the California law, people can possess up to eight ounces of marijuana for medicinal purposes on the recommendation of a doctor.
Although Ms. Miers is "a consummate professional" in the words of Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, she will invariably be compared to Chief Justice Roberts, who impressed senators with his ability to answer questions about Supreme Court precedent for hours on end, without notes.
This second plot is the more witty and wicked, as Julian takes the slop to his friend's lab for analysis.
"They have given the Liberals a chance to run on their strength."
worked to get it right.
At his opening, thronged with young people striking poses, Mr. Mekas, wearing his oblique smile and battered hat, greeted well-wishers, including some bearing video cameras.
"It's my first summer, so I wouldn't presume to change a thing."
So here's the big question: if children who don't even go to school learn so easily, why do children who go to school seem to have such a hard time?
"Everybody's picking on you, but you have got a glow."
There should be a special Grammy reserved for the first politician (on either side of the aisle) who finds a way to appropriate this strange but not unmoving song.
"But I really dreamed of wanting to know what it's like to have the best horse.
And each team has history, both recent and distant.
For Mr. Abbas to have any chance of achieving an independent Palestinian state with some claim to Jerusalem, he has two huge battles to fight.
ECONOMIC SCENE Virginia Postrel (www.dynamist.com) is the author of "The Substance of Style: How the Rise of Aesthetic Value Is Remaking Commerce, Culture and Consciousness."
But administration officials have said privately since the Gaza withdrawal that Mr. Sharon needs some breathing room to fend off critics on the right who say he gave too much away.
It had allowed the use of steroids and performance-enhancing supplements to grow unchecked for more than a decade -- to the point where comparisons were being made to the Black Sox scandal of 1919.
It's worth remembering, too, what the backdrop to this proposal really is: the collapse of wild fish stocks in the world's oceans, the decay of the fishing industry and, ultimately, an inability to regulate commercial fishing in a way that protects the health and sustainability of the world's oceans.
Bringing the thighs to at least 165 degrees seems the best compromise between food safety and avoiding breast oblivion.
He taught social science in Minnesota high schools for several years, then economics and education at St. John's and sociology at the College of St. Thomas in St. Paul.
Well, today's Broadway allows you to split the difference: nearly half of Broadway's 20 musicals were drawn from films, including two of last season's hits, "Monty Python's Spamalot" and "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" and such long-running successes as "The Producers," "Hairspray," "The Lion King" and "Beauty and the Beast."
Dharamsala, like the 36 other settlements that the Indian government allotted to Tibetans fleeing Chinese-occupied Tibet, was meant to be a temporary refuge.
The mid-1990's fraud at Waste Management, America's largest garbage collector, was known to Andersen, but rather than prevent it, the auditors demanded only promises of future reform.
But as the group sought to expand again in the last few years, it found itself priced out of Fifth Avenue and even the immediate side streets in its search for room under one roof.
No longer a girl but a horrific primeval presence, she takes over Jess's bedroom, turning it from a safe haven into a place of terror.
I might be the first option, I think, now."
His sloppiness detracted only minimally from the power of his voice; at 69, he still conveys the manic optimism of a garrulous rhinestone cowboy crowing under the open skies.
The letter detailed serious financial troubles at Sunbeam, including escalating debts, sharply decreased sales and mounting losses.
The "Nobel Prize sperm bank" was jeered for its elitism and self-importance.
Wilkens said the injuries had made it difficult for the team to find its rhythm.
The World University Games will be in Izmir, Turkey, from Aug. 12-22.
Sushi bar, and Gerard Greene.
Piniella would not speculate on what might have been had he been able to get the Mets job (Art Howe did).
But he said his life changed in 1979 when he began reading the works of Ayn Rand, who championed individual freedom and capitalism.
Today, it is a cultural center, showing the collections of the Courtauld Institute of Art, the Gilbert Collection and the Hermitage Rooms.
"It's very hard to prepare for us other than having guys getting back -- they have to do it on the fly," D'Antoni said.
Given that about 100 news media organizations covered the tournament, it is quite likely that other tournaments will consider offering Wie a sponsor's exemption to play.
It had considered relocating to Greenwich, Conn., but agreed to stay in New York State after the Westchester County Industrial Development Agency agreed to provide incentives, including sales tax exemptions worth up to $350,000 on materials and furnishings for its new headquarters.
The self-satisfied couple sell beauty products, like moisturizer, on the Internet.
"He got himself into a big mess," said a brother, Patrick Dorsica.
To the Editor: The decision by General Motors to reduce its work force by an additional 5,000 employees and to close all or parts of a dozen assembly plants, parts factories and distribution centers is sad, especially for those affected.
For whom are these various communities intended?
"Our allowing it to come up is based on them giving their decision."
The senior municipal and criminal court judges have sought help from the Federal Emergency Management Agency in salvaging some flooded evidence and in repairing the damaged courts.
And the two biggest reasons for pessimism were insecurity and the foreign occupation.
Hope can overcome scientific probability.
Before a truce with the Saatchi brothers was declared in May 1995, Saatchi & Saatchi lost clients with accounts that spent hundreds of millions of dollars a year on advertising, including British Airways, Gallaher tobacco, Mars and Mirror Group Newspapers.
But my house is dry.
If losses did occur, he said, he had no idea whether they were a result of trading screens that had been doctored, or if Mr. Lee and Yung Kim had lost any profits in their own trading activities.
"There was mildew all over the walls," he said.
But the study, which appeared in the June 15 issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association, does suggest that fish oil does not help in the way that many researchers had thought.
Participate in a “fishbowl” exercise to debate the recent developments in the AFL-CIO.
He loved Christianity but had become disillusioned with Brazilian-run evangelical churches in the United States.
In the post-mortems of the failed West Side stadium plan, critics asserted this week that the Jets and the city's point man on the project, Deputy Mayor Daniel L. Doctoroff, had erred by first trying to sidestep state legislators, then building a coalition of supporters too late -- most notably failing to court Mr. Silver early enough to win his backing and allay his concerns that the West Side redevelopment plan would hurt efforts to revive Lower Manhattan.
Patchogue, N.Y. - THIS is how Harold Gubnitsky got to be the artist he is today.
(Stevens) * 'ENRON: THE SMARTEST GUYS IN THE ROOM' (not rated, 110 minutes).
How sad it is that a great rabbi and a famous and successful son could not have found a way to truly and honestly understand each another.
C1 Business Digest C1 EDITORIAL A30-31 Editorials: Looking the other way; still troubled after all these years; bankrupt bankruptcy bill; my little chickadee.
"Everybody knows every opponent we're going up against," Miller said.
"I thought he was one of our best perimeter defenders, so when he gets back healthy and he gets on the court and gets time in, he'll show me if he wants to play or not," Williams said.
Little in "After the Night and the Music," which features Jeannie Berlin (Ms. May's daughter and frequent onstage alter ego) and the invaluable J. Smith-Cameron, achieves that impression of self-astonishing inventiveness.
Dr. Lee has been hired to lead Google's Chinese operations, which are scheduled to begin in earnest in the third quarter of this year.
Even the real Dorothy Parker might have found herself somewhat short on puns trying to conjure the likes of Robert Benchley et al.
While Lou Reed's "Perfect Day" played, she and Mr. Hahn sat tenderly in a tiny alcove behind a transparent shower curtain.
But evidence suggests that the phenomenon may be considerably weaker than most people think.
The fall exhibitions are on view at the P.S.
A spokesman for Mr. Fox, Rubén Aguilar, said the federal action was necessary "because there are very clear indications of the relationship of elements of the police of Nuevo Laredo with the drug traffic."
Most of the Bush administration's justifications for invading Iraq have turned out to be wrong.
"I started with Pong, just having fun," he said of the primitive video tennis game.
It will not have the bare-bones look of his store on Ninth Avenue, itself a clone of the sandwich shops started in Philadelphia by Anthony Lucidonio: 257 Bleecker Street (Cornelia Street).
Should the local phone lines suddenly collapse, the residents of these neighborhoods can still make calls to one another using headsets attached to their computers.
One week in April, she was out every night.
The teenagers can sit on the steps of the fountain.
Kurdish separatists are suspected in that attack.
That same week, St. Paul Travelers, the insurance company, said it would explore a sale of its money management arm, Nuveen Investments, and use the proceeds for its core insurance operations.
"Maybe we're going from 100 m.p.h.
Darold Williamson of Baylor upset a former teammate, the Olympic champion Jeremy Wariner, in the 400 meters at the Drake Relays in Des Moines on Saturday.
The mayor even went golfing yesterday, while his political aides joked about who would come into the office to answer phones today.
With the expansion, the festival has transformed the museum into a state-of-the-art theater with the addition of 35-millimeter and digital projectors, she said.
Dr. Brown, the only outside scientist that the anti-doping agency suggested to present its point of view, said that blood banks almost never found chimeras.
BorgWarner has begun making timing belt gears and sprockets in China for Volkswagen's huge operations here, instead of importing them from one of its factories in Italy.
It is a little jarring when the camera goes into a tent-house to find satellite TV.
Although the film starts off somewhat amusingly, the first-time feature director Katrina Holden Bronson (who also wrote the unbalanced script) seems to have spent more energy assembling the overbearing soundtrack than expanding on her characters' fractured relationships.
"He has been very overwhelmed by the threats and the controversy," said Mr. Frieze, the museum curator.
To replace lost revenue from the alternative tax, the panel is proposing to eliminate deductions for state income taxes and property tax deductions taken by homeowners, which would hit people in higher-income, higher-tax states hardest.
Recruiters in California say they are finding unaccustomed ease in persuading recruits to overlook California's sky-high real estate costs.
"The Rise of the Indian Rope Trick" is a labor of love.
But critics say that here in a part of the world that has a long tradition of independent journalism, Mr. Chávez's intention is to stifle dissent rather than to broaden coverage with a propaganda machine financed by an ideologically driven government flush with oil money.
She will be greatly missed.
This is an intelligence failure.
SEATTLE, Sept. 3 - The necklace of lakes and waterways that surround and flow through this city are giant playgrounds at this time of year as Seattle's short season of sun is ending.
Jeanine F. Pirro, the Westchester district attorney and a Republican challenger to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton next year, has hired two former consultants to President Bush and a third adviser with ties to the national Republican Party, her campaign announced yesterday.
"Having someone like him who is not a politician is probably a good thing, to have someone who could make inroads in both the Democratic and Republican arenas," Mr. Cummings said.
Benchmarks: Knows that all scientific ideas are tentative and subject to change and improvement in principle, but for most core ideas in science, there is much experimental and observational confirmation; Understands that questioning, response to criticism, and open communication are integral to the process of science Science Standard 16- Understands the scientific enterprise.
"They wrote letters to the editor of The Lewisboro Ledger, and there were a lot of ill feelings.
The Supreme Court is what everyone has had in mind during all this jockeying over procedure.
China has an estimated 12 million Catholics who are divided between those who attend churches sanctioned by the government and those who attend illegal underground churches that retain allegiance to Rome.
And I don't want to put anyone else at risk for a reality that is never going to change."
Such sessions resulted in the conversational, off-the-cuff tone best displayed in the chapter "If A.B.W.s Ruled the World," which notes that if that were the case, "everyone would recognize this simple concept: When Mama's not happy, nobody's happy."
"Pastels of Home & Abroad," exhibition of works by Susan Donnell.
And now Reid is listening once again despite common sense.
"ABC Sports has a very strong legacy and sports fans understand it," Bodenheimer said.
In one study, scientists started with the familiar Stroop test, in which subjects are flashed a series of words written in different colors and are asked to react by calling out the colors of the words rather than the words themselves.
And having a handle helps, like the Answer, T-Mac, Diesel.
Elaborated eclecticism is the basic story line of the chronologically arranged show at the Met, which has been organized by the Ernst scholar Werner Spies and Sabine Rewald, a Met curator.
The Sunday service, said Ms. Chresomales, typically lasts two and a half hours.
The soulful scratch in Rod Stewart's voice has carried him through boozy rock, rootsy coming-of-age tales, nostalgic rock and, lately, standards.
training camp, in 1977 as a player with the Philadelphia Eagles, austerity came with the scenery.
Panny dials a wrong number one night and finds Hugo (James McMenamin), a 20-year-old Mormon college student who tells her, "I think you are full of dreams," and believes her when she says she is 18.
It surged onto the charts, and hit No.1.
In Texas, traffic on the Trinity Railway Express, which links Dallas to Fort Worth, was up 16.4 percent for the first four weekdays of September compared with the same period a year earlier.
The drive apparently paid off to some extent.
For weeks, American commanders in Iraq have said they believed they were closing in on Mr. Zarqawi, and they have cited the arrest of more than 20 of his "trusted lieutenants," including leaders of his terrorist cells, propaganda chiefs, bomb makers, drivers and others.
There's even an exhibition devoted to them -- "Some Assembly Required: Contemporary Prefabricated Houses" -- opening Dec. 11 at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis.
Sometimes a word's infrequent appearance can be just as revealing.
But there are enough highlights to create the possibility of a charmed meal from start to finish.
(Pareles) PAJO, GRIZZLY BEAR, SOFT CIRCLE, MIIGHTY FLASHLIGHT (Tomorrow) David Pajo's meandering guitar forays have graced bands like Slint and Zwan.
He is also an editor and writer in the psychiatry department of Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
Except for a vein of lime, I did not detect other faint flavor notes that would suggest that the wine might ultimately show more complexity.
But the musical takes advantage of being a less literal-minded form than film to show how Billy's quest mirrors the divided selves of everyone he knows, all trapped souls longing for transcendence.
But some analysts are projecting a further decline in profits over the next few quarters as the company focuses on developing newer areas of business.
GALLERY OF FINE CRAFT "2005 Fellows," exhibition of works by artists selected as this year's Creative Glass Center of America Fellows.
With cracked and scattered nuts, half-peeled lemons, crumpled napkins and an elaborate pie with wings arranged in an overlapping jumble, Claesz's "Tabletop Still Life With Pigeon Pie and Delftware Jug" invites the onlooker to a feast that seems well in progress.
George E. Pataki's 2002 re-election campaign.
But the photographer Timothy Greenfield-Sanders, whose art book "XXX: 30 Porn-Star Portraits," features nude photos of adult film icons like Jenna Jameson and Ron Jeremy, said the creators of alt-porn are "late to the trend," and pointed out that hip-hop first took pornography mainstream and made it cool.
Busch, who qualified 17th for Sunday's race, won the Subway Fresh 500 at Phoenix on April 23 and was eighth in points in the Chase for the Nextel Cup, though he had little chance of winning the title.
We open up the bungalow, put up the shades and breathe in the musty summer smell of the place.
His pal Roger Clemens, the psychological Batman to Pettitte's Robin, left Saturday night's game after only two innings with a tight hamstring, and nobody is sure if he will pitch again this fall, or ever.
You have introduced your steroids bill out of concern, you say, for youngsters who copy their professional role models.
During the early years of her marriage, Dale and her husband, Taylor, moved from Boston to a farm in Lincolnville, Maine, where they restored the 19th century farmhouse, barn, and outbuildings and raised livestock.
(Brantley) * 'ON GOLDEN POND' Placing a powerhouse like James Earl Jones in Ernest Thompson's teary sentimental comedy about an elderly couple's summer of healing suggests a German shepherd in a poodle-sized dog house.
Mia does her best to find out whether Penn shares his friend's predilection for underage companionship.
THE premise of "Joan of Arcadia" is fantastical but straightforward: in a modern-day version of the Joan of Arc story, a high school girl starts talking to God.
member, said he had no concerns about the spreadsheet and believed The New York Times had "sensationalized" the issue.
LINCOLN CENTER FESTIVAL July 12-31.
One of Spirit's new destinations, Grand Turk, currently doesn't have any direct flights from the United States.
The institution appears to have had no evacuation plan, even though it had been emptied out in a flood during the 90's.
The fire was under control in 37 minutes, the department said.
As Kerry's speech shows, the emotional tenor of the party has changed.
This ethnic diversity is one reason my friend in Brooklyn refers to Montclair as Park Slope West; another is that this town has become a magnet for interracial families and for lesbian and gay couples and their children.
JAZZY JEFF was there, as well as ROB THOMAS, DON CHEADLE, and WILL.I.AM, of the Black Eyed Peas, who, according to the publicist, was "the only Pea tonight.
"It's still been the best year of my life," Hamulack says.
said it did not want to comment on that report.
He had a doctorate in mechanical engineering from a Swiss university and was working on a doctorate in economics when he unsuccessfully applied to the Harvard Business School in the mid-1960's.
The Pentagon said the punishments reflected different levels of involvement, but the A.C.L.U.
We extend deepest condolences to his entire family.
I do not have the space to list all of Miller's findings, but he wrote: "In summary, the simulations suggest that responder should often ignore a long major suit at matchpoints.
All told, more than five million pieces of mail were sent.
They also said that Mr. Libby, whose role had been diminished in the past year as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice became more powerful and the leak investigation took its toll, could be quickly replaced from the vice president's large Rolodex of support.
And that boundary moves considerably between the ages of 12 and 18.
While there is no dearth of artists who actually employ technological means to fill the bill, the beauty part is that all of the participants here use paint (or colored inks), working unabashedly with old-fashioned implements like brushes, pigment, pens and pencils.
While some banks allow parents to store the blood privately for their own families' use, experts see the need for a much larger public supply of cord-blood units.
Ford could choose to settle the case before the trial ends, Ms. Libbey said.
"But when they're out there, you don't see any geese.
The bill's other sponsors are Senator Evan Bayh of Indiana and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York.
That touches on something I wrote about in the book.
Sotheby's estimates it will fetch $50,000 to $80,000.
"If you look at the latest quarter," he said, "its default rates have come down to single digits, which is normal, and credit quality is clearly on an uptick."
Obviously, their children are getting smarter and the teachers are doing better.
Correction Appended FORT LEWIS, Wash. - For a tense 15 minutes, the mock riot at the simulated detention center here seemed almost too real to be a drill for two dozen Air Force security personnel who are headed to Iraq soon.
And the one that was used on my city was small compared to what are in silos now."
Mr. Lucas is survived by his wife of 38 years, Bettye Daniel Lucas; two daughters, Lori E. Lucas of Germantown and Lisa L. Lucas of Cordova, Tenn.; two brothers, Joseph S. Jr., of Franklin, Tenn., and William F., of New Orleans; three sisters, Betty Chauvin of New Orleans, Mary F. Golladay of Flushing, Mich., and Alice Hendry of Dallas; and two grandchildren.
Why wait until spring is well under way?
"The world is now speaking with one voice to ensure that democracy and freedom are given a chance to flourish in Lebanon."
Gladys had deep compassion for all people and was always concerned about those less fortunate, struggling with poverty, family issues and childcare concerns.
"For General Motors, it's very successful because they're basically countering a string of bad months in terms of results," said Tom Libby, senior director of industry analysis at J.D.
The total transaction, including debt, was valued at $15 billion.
While his products are selling well, he said, his mind is less on revenue than on the memory of the accident.
To have the Yankees yank their interest, just when the Mets are heating up theirs, would be a cruel trick to play on Boras.
Buck Henry, the blindingly successful comedy writer who helped create "Get Smart," said he was still mystified at what gives a television show that kind of heart and staying power.
"I go back as far as Haydn but not Bach, because I feel this is a special world, and I need to concentrate on him for some years.
70, the rewards had been pizza parties or field trips.
Boras has a reputation for making large-scale claims of interest in his clients that often enough produce skepticism.
He was a pale, blond, slightly built kid, with narrow shoulders and no hips.
"But reading about Cyrus the Great, he had felt a real sense of pride in what he thought was the real Iran -- this tolerant, benevolent empire.
"You've got to wonder if Haley's not trying to keep the table set for future cooperation."
Less than two years later, Karmazin effectively pushed out Jordan and was named C.E.O.
Broker: Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage.
The Red Sox made the necklaces part of their fashion statement during last year's World Series.
SUSSEX - THE news in my town is that people are coming from all over to snatch up our trees again.
"This project may be one of the biggest obstacles to reaching a two-state solution," said Yariv Oppenheimer of Peace Now, an Israeli group that monitors settlements.
"But that is only part of the package.
The Senate candidates so far include not only Ms. Pirro of Harrison and Mrs. Clinton of Chappaqua, but also John Spencer, the Republican former mayor of Yonkers, which itself was the scene of a nail-biting State Senate race last year between the Republican incumbent, Nicholas Spano, and Andrea Stewart-Cousins, a Democratic county legislator.
They will have breakfast with the borough president, Adolfo Carrión Jr.; visit the Bronx Zoo; and have lunch on Arthur Avenue.
"The most back story we do is, 'They live in a treehouse and they built it themselves,"' she said.
Chief Bober said that the officers patrolling the stations have been trained to watch for suspicious people and suspect behavior.
It is a provider of information, software and services to professional customers, and she has been its chief since 2003.
Politics here have always been based along religious lines that are really tribal.
Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets.
At a three-story brick building at 109 West 17th Street that is now a Japanese furniture shop, wording painted on the exterior alerts buyers to a former incarnation of the building: TO LET /CARRIAGES COUPES HANSOMS VICTORIAS LIGHT WAGONS/ HORSES BOARD BY THE MONTH.
Surely we must all bear our share of guilt and deep regret, some sadness at the idea that here we are, another August into our existence, and whether we arrived by way of evolution or intelligent design or the hand of God working over the void, no history can record that we've progressed beyond our hateful, warring and fanatical ways.
"On the 249 you would normally use an M145," another kind of gun sight.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambience and service, with price taken into consideration.
Nevertheless, say "Einstein" and most everyone thinks "relativity."
WITH: Kelly Brady, Parker Dixon, Robert Dorfman, Leo Erickson, Carla Harting, Edward James Hyland, Karl Miller, Polly Noonan, Howard W. Overshown, Lawrence Redmond, J. Fred Shiffman and Felix Solis.
"People are treading their toes carefully," Mr. Young said.
Dr. Ruge was lauded for insisting that Mr. Reagan be treated by the hospital's trauma team, instead of taking charge himself or summoning high-powered surgeons from other medical centers, as has occurred in many cases involving other dignitaries.
official, Klaus Stöhr, speaking at the annual meeting of the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
Each person has a reindeer guardian angel, and on the trail, wrapped in multiple layers of reindeer-skin clothing, the herders look a little like reindeer themselves.
The Sinhalese make up more than 70 percent.
As the book returns to Heck's dewy memories of her, the reader may hope that Mr. Arvin is merely illustrating the emotional turmoil of a soldier's life and the false hopes that sustain him.
The Heat won for the 15th time in 16 games to improve to 26-8, and those numbers are not surprising after watching 48 minutes of O'Neal and Dwyane Wade.
As the financial pages and cable business channels ceaselessly try to persuade their audiences, our current national prosperity depends on mass displays of Trumpish optimism.
(Chinen) FREDDY COLE (Through June 12) A charismatic and offhandedly urbane vocalist, Mr. Cole takes a broad approach to repertory that nearly disarms comparisons to his older brother Nat.
In addition, roughly $160 million more will be saved by restructuring the bonds and reducing the length of some, officials said, so that debt service payments will be less costly.
"If I throw these two people out," said Mr. Ferrer, "I just want to make sure that it helps you."
For now, Mr. Biggs remains bullish on the stock market, even as he acknowledges a long list of risks in his letter to investors, including rising rates, an end to the housing bubble and overcapacity in China.
KLEIN--Anne S. 90, of White Plains, N.Y., on December 24, 2005.
Between the Civil War and World War I, the district became the birthplace of some of the city's most famous department stores, including Lord & Taylor, B. Altman, W.&J.
(Reed, who is running for lieutenant governor of Georgia, has insisted he was "deceived" by Abramoff.
Cameron, who also homered in the seventh, and Floyd have become so entrenched at the corner outfield positions that the Mets sent Victor Diaz to Class AAA Norfolk after the game and told him he would be playing first base there.
STONY BROOK--Announced the retirement of Nick Macarchuk, men's basketball coach, effective at the end of the 2004-05 season.
And in an understated style, he points out the haunting similarities between the events surrounding 9/11 and the attacks and policy debates from previous generations.
But critics and environmental groups say the bank demands little from the mining companies in return for its money and its seal of approval.
But in the years since David Lemus and Olmado Hidalgo were sent away for 25 years to life, three unlikely souls -- a retired homicide detective, a freelance magazine editor and a former federal prosecutor -- have become champions of the men's innocence.
Mr. Green fled, and Ms. Jones, who lives across the street from the suspect, was taken to Harlem Hospital Center, where she was listed in critical but stable condition last night.
Before being placed in the helmet, the sensors had spent the required few minutes soaking in a cup full of special electrolyte solution so that they would be able to pick up my (admittedly feeble) brain activity.
"I've never maintained it for 20 or 30 years."
Now, the French may have many defects, but they are also an old political people who have seen many constitutions come and go.
Lawrence S. Wittner, a military historian at the State University of New York, Albany, said today's parents also had more power.
Mr. Sandperl said he had been jailed for civil disobedience with Mr. Kepler a number of times during the Vietnam War.
The antioxidant potential of a substance can be measured using something called an ORAC (oxygen radical absorbance capacity) assay.
There were occasional signs of trouble; in 1996, a New Jersey school district, moved by teachers' complaints that they kept tripping over backpacks left in the aisles, banned them from school, a ruling challenged in court by one 14-year-old who told a judge, "I don't feel I should be punished for someone else who misuses backpacks."
The collection will be edited by Andrew Carroll, founder of the Legacy Project, an effort to seek out and save wartime letters of armed services members.
That was the case for Christi Turney, a real-estate agent in Palm Harbor, Fla., who had gone past the limit on her credit cards after her husband lost his job in 2002.
These standards are drawn from Content Knowledge: A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education; 3rd and 4th Editions and have been provided courtesy of the Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning in Aurora, Colorado.
Bill Driscoll, a fee-based certified financial planner in Plymouth, Mass., also focuses on individuals who do not bring many assets to the table; the tag line on his business cards reads, "You don't need to be rich to need a financial planner."
"If it wasn't for his personal foibles, then we'd be looking at a close race but a race where the mayor would be re-elected," Mr. Sarpolus said.
Even before the deal, Chevron nabbed Unocal, and Chinese and Russian companies cut deals from Venezuela to Kazakhstan.
And above the display cases, the walls are lined with photographs chronicling the life: an elementary-school photograph of Malcolm, glimpses of the bodies of Nation of Islam followers killed by Los Angeles police in 1962, views of halls packed with devoted listeners, and finally, glimpses of the fallen chairs and stark disorder of the Audubon Ballroom after Malcolm X was murdered.
In those days, electronica was so trendy that Madonna jumped on two different techno bandwagons in swift succession, assimilating the euphoric riffs of trance with "Ray of Light" and aping the spangly effervescence of French house on "Music."
The government has struggled to address the needs of its people, but eradicating malaria and improving living conditions that give rise to malnutrition require a serious world commitment that goes beyond giving money for food aid.
Accorsi remembers landing at Newark Liberty International Airport at dawn, an hour or two before a nearby jet took off, destined to crash in a field in rural Pennsylvania.
The apartment is not rent-regulated.
team with a defense ranked lower than the Giants'.
FOOD CHAIN – What does the species consume, and what in turn consumes it?
"This Medal of Honor is not mine," Mr. O'Brien told American Veteran magazine in 2003.
Compass, 208 West 70th Street, another place that keeps reinventing itself, has a new chef, John Fraser, formerly of the French Laundry: (212)875-8600.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial expected Goldman to earn $2.38 a share.
But then Zito's Birdstone came from behind to upset Smarty Jones and Zito was no longer on the defensive.
The exhibition is open until Aug. 27.
Start off on the right foot with these classically cute white leather Anchor Fisherman Sandals from Ralph Lauren Childrenswear.
Visitation Wednesday 7-9 and Thursday 2-4 and 7-9 at Horn & Thomes, Inc., 83 East Main St., Pawling, NY.
Of her earlier years in Hollywood, she said, "My career was a runaway train, and I was unhappy with where it was going."
"He's fine," Joe Torre said of Stanton.
These "China Girls," as they came to be known (though no one seems to remember why), were sometimes actresses but more often lab assistants or secretaries who were roped into service.
refused to press Roche to make it a generic in a situation like this," he said.
Hewitt remains a yell-and-yang proposition, which helps explain the ambivalence that still greets his feats in Australia.
And most of all, thanks for cheering Mayor Bloomberg up, and giving him -- hold on, quick jaunt to Union Square needed -- 22 more days of false hope.
Given the mayor's standing and the uncertain climate around ground zero, his opinions could reverberate deeply.
Mr. Banach, an unemployed fiber optics technician and father of three, said that he had bought the laser pen on the Internet for $100.
Since Feb. 1, the Bush administration has continued providing some military training and supplies, but held off on others.
Tursunbai Nazarov, 47, one of the 23 businessmen who had been on trial, emerged from a tent looking haggard and weary, the result, he said, of 11 months in prison and seven or eight sustained beatings he suffered during interrogations.
The family members and other witnesses said Jackson surrogates had planned to take the family to Brazil, ostensibly to get them away from reporters in the United States.
But I wanted to do more than see the sights; I wanted to find out whether this alleged tourism boom was real.
It was like when one of my kids did it.
"We must continue to hold the line on spending.
The vote came six years after Kansas shocked the scientific and political world by stripping its curriculum standards of virtually any mention of evolution, a move reversed in 2001 after voters ousted several conservative members of the education board.
Though people have been leaving the New York metropolitan area for eastern Pennsylvania for years, the outflow has increased from about 7,000 people a year in the 1980's and 1990's to more than 10,000 in 2002 and to about 13,700 last year.
"To work things out and to avoid litigation and legal fees," said Arnold Osman, 78, an Island Hills member for 25 years, "I'm sure the Rechlers would come up with a better offer which the club, older members certainly, would be amenable to."
The Palestinian Authority is planning to hold local elections in just three months.
A Service in celebration of the life of Carol Riegelman Lubin will be held Sunday, October 2 at 3 PM at All Souls Unitarian Church, Lexington Avenue at 80th Street, New York City.
Her father is an optometrist in Southport and a clinical professor at the New York College of Optometry.
"It's historic that 50 artists defected together and made the sacrifice to leave their families at home," said Ms. Durr in an interview before leading a rehearsal in a warehouse east of the Las Vegas airport.
By contrast, from 1983 to 2002, the city saw a net gain of 27,315 jobs in the private sector, to an all-time high of 81,372.
1 in F minor, which ended the first half, suggested that he is also a musician of some depth.
His friends Fischer and Rob Hall passed them as Viesturs guided a group to the summit.
"But as we go through and look at how to better regulate and oversee this kind of information," he continued, "stiffer penalties need to be put in place for people who commit identity theft."
He had a follow-up C.T.
She works on leadership-training and new-employee programs in the human resources department of General Electric's commercial finance unit, in Stamford, Conn. She graduated with honors from Stanford and received a master's degree in organizational psychology from Columbia.
Given the stiff competition for bullpen help, the Mets would like to find a reliever with potential who they can get cheap.
"It opened up that whole conversation."
Even with more concern for aggressive techniques, boot camp remains emotionally and physically intense, for trainers as well as recruits.
Money saved is money you'll need sooner or later.
It was probably as unfair an earned run as baseball's official scoring rules allow, but Proctor had done his job.
Game 3 ended at a still-reasonable time in Spokane, Wash. And Chicagoans surely did not feel bad that their White Sox won their first World Series since 1917 at about 11:10 p.m. Central time.
The four people at the top right were photographed by Sharon Panozzo, and the three people at the bottom by Barbara Stack.
Stephen Fybish, an amateur weather historian who keeps constant track of temperature readings from his Upper West Side apartment, has kept a daily weather notebook for 25 years to record hourly temperatures, taken from television and radio news.
The hotel's strongest selling point, though, might be location: M.I.T.
Renée Fleming, Tony Bennett, Celine Dion and the Throat Singers of Tuva have at least one thing in common: they are among the dwindling number of singers with whom the beguiling young pop-rebel singer-songwriter Nellie McKay has not yet been compared.
Because of an editing error, an article in The Arts on Wednesday about a security company's test of the vulnerability of cellphones to privacy invasion at the Oscar ceremony on Sunday made an erroneous comparison to the recent hacking of Paris Hilton's phone.
"But when they start hitting, when they start playing music," he said, "that's when the smiles come out."
"I love driving my truck," he said.
Watchwords like posse -- evoking street-gang violence -- crept into the dialogue.
Wheelchair Wisconsin organizers took notice.
"In other words, 'This isn't my house, so I can do as I please."'
Martin Rucinsky scored his second goal of the season at 8:32, while Devils center John Madden was serving a hooking penalty.
The employees "have repeatedly rejected the efforts of the union to insert itself between them and their company," Mr. Strigl wrote.
Try Immersion Therapy” ( //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20050317thursday.html ), focusing on the following questions: a.
She came of professional age when opportunities for women who were corporate lawyers in Texas were comparatively few, but she seized them.
You can visit your money, and other people's too, since much of the world's gold reserves lies in vaults beneath Zurich's swank shopping street, the Bahnhofstrasse.
Meanwhile, acting unilaterally, the Russian government has worked out its own plan for handling Russian names on its passports to make life simpler for immigration officials of other nations.
The following are a few of the establishments I wouldn't mind launching in some of my favorite destinations.
The federal lands where they ran their cows or farmed or mined felt in many ways like their own.
Tickets are $10, students $5.
A9 China Lectured by Taiwan Ally During an address at Beijing University, Li Ao, a Taiwanese Parliament member who says Taiwan should unify with China, chided China's leaders for suppressing free speech and advised students how to fight for freedom against repression.
If petroleum prices spike again, or the rebuilding of the hurricane-damaged refineries in the Gulf States is delayed, those costs may increase further.
Mr. Higgs's spatial frugality continues in "Open Walls," the relatively spacious centerpiece in which he awarded each of six emerging artists a wall to use as desired.
These ghosts are intermittently summoned, if only to underscore the fragility of life and the passage of time.
He disagreed strongly with many other Orthodox leaders who, he felt, insisted on treating the Greek Orthodox in America as a church "in diaspora" that should still take its lead from across the Atlantic.
A summary of the document put out by NBC said that among the incidents monitored was a "protest against Army recruiters" in Wayne, N.J., last April that the database notes happened "without incident."
We extend heartfelt sympathy to his wife Bernice and family.
Large numbers of Pacific Rim and Eastern European immigrants, who are accustomed to high-rise living, also fuel Vancouver's downtown market, according to Michael Geller, a developer who managed the 880-unit Bayshore project in Coal Harbour.
The neighborhood was peopled by municipal and factory workers during the day and, at night, by no one.
As recently as a decade ago, medical helicopters were generally operated directly by hospitals and emergency service units or run under arrangements with aviation companies, including publicly traded ones like the Air Methods Corporation and Petroleum Helicopters Inc., which provided the helicopters and pilots.
"The position of music director incorporates many more things in the United States than in Germany."
Her daughter, weighing 7 pounds, 14 ounces, was born naturally.
He is also receiving high-profile print assignments again, flying off for a shoot for Elle, collaborating on campaigns with Redken.
The woman, Nicole Coste, went public with her explosive claim on the cover of this week's Paris-Match, the French picture magazine, which published a lengthy interview with the mother together with photographs of Prince Albert playing with the child at various ages.
A boy and a young dragon must navigate a bewildering world of dark powers.
This is not a game.
He assents by saying, "We're Scully and Mulder."
In almost the same breath, the two judges who joined the unsigned majority opinion, Ed Carnes and Frank M. Hull, said the law enacted on Monday could not undo years of litigation in the Florida state courts.
Anthony Grant, 37 West 57th Street, (212)755-0434, through Sept. 17.
The jukebox that devoured Broadway (2:20).
And yesterday, after a C.T.
When the Jets tried to build their field of dreams on the West Side of Manhattan, the team's owner, Woody Johnson, was assailed as a civic menace.
in Indianapolis who is the president of the North American General Lee Fan Club.
There are no national statistics available, but the national service organization Dance/USA's surveys of two major metropolitan areas -- Washington in 2003 and Chicago in 2002 -- found that only 21 of the 286 companies in those two cities offered salaried positions.
Sheffield, who had two infield singles, had been resting his surgically repaired left shoulder.
In the annals of Wall Street putsches, Mr. Purcell's humiliating fate is unprecedented.
I have three boys, and they didn't suffer because of the name."
After viewing images of the Rogue Taxidermists' work that Mr. Salmela had posted at an online taxidermy forum to generate buzz for the show, Mr. Haynes responded by e-mail message with a withering critique.
"And you want to love it.
Add star anise, 2-inch pieces of scallions, ginger and garlic and bring to a boil.
Wal-Mart can't be blamed for any of that, as it has been unsuccessful in pursuing a site in the city.
But his apparent self-assurance during the evaluation and in recent court appearances seems to confirm what judges have concluded: he controls his fate.
Only two scored in double figures.
Johnson gave up 12 hits, the second most in his career, and nine of them came in the first three innings.
The two groups have moved warily in and out of each other's paths for the last three days, and the rising danger has kept even some rescue efforts from proceeding.
Shanacy Kashani, 27, an airline scheduler who is one of Dr. Shamban's patients, said that she and her boyfriend are enjoying sex more now that she's had the treatment, which was a gift from her boyfriend.
How big are losses likely to be?
Starr has 80 shareholders, including current A.I.G.
She worked closely with Joseph Solman in his New York studio.
He retired the first two batters in the fifth inning, but then gave up back-to-back solo home runs to Wilson and Castilla, allowing the Nationals to regain the lead, 5-3.
There's great water pressure, but no place to put towels or toiletries where they'd stay dry.
The event will benefit the Wildlife Trust and the culinary program of the New York Institute of Technology.
And in a dark corner of the otherwise sunny square, Ali Emrah Unlu stood casing the late Baroque fountain and pointing its treasures out to an enthralled group of 40 tourists.
On what possible educational grounds should they be given a waiver?"
"But we don't know and we can't know.
Filippelli resists the notion that YES, which is owned mostly by the Yankees, is soft on the team.
Pay close attention to the following sentence: Like a reckless heir to Borges, Barthelme and Groucho Marx, Gilbert Sorrentino co-opts the language of critical discourse to subvert his audience's preconceptions and, in so doing, redraws the boundaries of "acceptable" art.
In doing so, she has ably filled a void in the city's leadership.
"There are guys who have joined us in the last few years who have never seen the museum up and open for business."
"It's hotter and adds no flavor to the food.
Early on, the documents show, crucial witnesses were not interviewed, documents disappeared, and at least a few pieces of evidence were mishandled.
"We have great apartments and great rent, but we can't afford to do anything here.
The Carifest performer who best reflected this new reality was I Wayne, the emerging reggae moralist, who earned a rough-and-tumble tribute: his set inspired some fans to hop the barricade dividing the general-admission area from the half-empty V.I.P.
Downtown pulls out a short powder-pink-rabbit-fur jacket, and Samantha holds up a white wool pantsuit, which Downtown observes looks like something from a "Virginia Slims ad."
And the smell was also not bad.
(If you hear, "This is not about the money" -- it's about the money.)
He died June 22, 2005, in New York City.
Ms. Kassell directs this story of a paroled child molester struggling to re-enter society after 12 years in prison in a lean, unassuming style, which suits the subject matter and gives the fine cast room to explore their complicated, unhappy characters.
Otherwise, Brown has given the most minutes to the second-year pro Trevor Ariza and the three rookies, Robinson, Channing Frye and David Lee.
It's a bold issue that I want to deal with.
Wie played steady golf in the final round, her lone bogey coming at the par-5 No.
Friendly, flamboyant, overwhelmingly gay: Provincetown is still all these things and first impressions are not wrong.
"Yes, life is sacred," Mr. Felos said, "but so is liberty, your honor, especially in this country."
"There's 16 kids, so it's up to me to do the logistics.
It's a pity that little dining spots like Kraft aren't cloned all over the county.
In what appeared to be a one-two punch, Mr. Bloomberg and Gov.
One of the marines who American officials acknowledged had been killed was unaccounted for after the ambush.
Energy shares, this month's worst performers, dropped as $1.4 billion of Exxon's stock was sold at a discount in a single trade.
At a tense meeting on Friday with immigration officials from the Jamaican government, a group of about 40 Jamaican guest workers from the Grand Casino, the Beau Rivage and the Casino Magic fired a battery of tough questions.
At the Paulsboro stop, which sells about a million gallons of diesel a month, Rick Loudermilk, an Alabama trucker, was parked in his cab with his wife and daughter.
Not only does he operate under the threat of being left with rotting cabbages in a competitive marketplace, but if he can't pay the farmer enough to cover his costs, the farmer won't ship the crop at all.
In guerrilla wars of recent decades, detention centers have played a notorious role.
Later, Dominick Dunne, the chronicler of fame and misfortune, will swan in for a leisurely breakfast at a coveted window table to read Avenue magazine by himself.
The usual English rendering of the Korean name for the temple complex is Shingye, not Singye.
A blackboard menu of specials, posted at the back of the dining room, is easy to overlook.
My ear, nose and throat doctor has dropped out of Oxford, and my pediatrician is now threatening to do the same.
In a campaign flier he criticized his leading opponent -- nothing personal, just another shot in the continuing fight over whose property tax relief plan is more illusory.
"They couldn't get him on the field in Denver, and now to take a chance on him, a coaching staff is going to have to cut a guy who they have been working with for weeks, who's already laid it all out on the field."
The man does not look up.
Murrow chose to frame himself as the hero, McCarthy as the sinister villain (which, admittedly, wasn't too difficult).
"You have to be a straight man."
"In light of concerns raised from both the town and the D.E.P., the treasurer has been amenable to the town's proposal for alternative uses for the site."
DELMAN--Geraldine Evelyn, 72, on April 26, 2005 of Boca Raton, FL.
Jeremiasz, then 18, quickly found the advantages in using a wheelchair.
Another problem, Mr. Morton said, was that the advertised two-hour trip from Los Angeles was unrealistic.
As for the plaintiff's witnesses, "everything they're saying is heresy.
(Holden) 'WALK ON WATER' (Not rated, 104 minutes) The director Eytan Fox takes on the controversial subject of Israeli nationalism in the aftermath of the Holocaust.
A folksonomy begins with tagging.
The panel released a report on Wednesday calling for corporate-style oversight bodies, personnel standards and accounting reforms.
They told you about falling interest rates, not falling rocks."
"The legislators are confused and scared right now," said Russ Diamond, executive director of PACleanSweep, another group pushing to repeal the raises and revamp the legislature.
"It will require school districts to have a plan on how they will deal with school opening and closing," he said.
Normally, his protestations ring hollow.
The short answer, perhaps, is that she didn't.
They held on to beat the Yankees, 11-7, and take a two-games-to-one lead in their American League division series.
You do have a regular television gig, on "The West Wing," on which you play a former Democrat who becomes an ardent Republican operative.
"It's not a religious tale."
and other Douglass graduates from the 1950's and 60's.
I'm glad the administration has stepped forward and supported the Bronx community plan.
Mr. Fante and Mr. Bellida, both 32, still wait for donations to trickle in for prospective projects that include "Sumo-Size Me," about a man who eats only Chinese takeout for 30 days, a story apparently inspired by the documentary "Super Size Me"; and "Freshkills," a crime story that takes its title from the landfill in Staten Island.
But to keep the cost down, this one runs on the standard Windows XP Pro operating system rather than the version of Windows that is customized for tablets.
Long after the cheap metal parts of their bicycles soften and fail and the hopelessly dry earth stops producing food, they keep going.
And now, with a fourth team, the Bergen Cliff Hawks -- which at the moment exists only as a business plan and a post office box -- Mr. Kalafer has secured a place on the state's most valuable piece of real estate, the site of the $1.3 billion shopping-entertainment-hotel-office-amusement compound known as Xanadu that is rising in the Meadowlands.
This guy, in particular, projects a positive image."
An avid outdoorsman, recreational artist and loving father, Mr. Chew is survived by his three children: Alexander Beverly Chew and his wife Renata Milare Chew, Frederick Chew DeWilde and his wife Michelle Dethier DeWilde, and his daughter Cory Livingston Chew.
To learn exactly how many cups of vegetables the government recommends, for example, consumers must submit their age, sex and level of daily exercise to the Web site.
The officials pushed for the sales to ensure that the deal would not squelch department store competition and consumer choice, Mr. Spitzer said.
-- it resonated with Barbara Corcoran.
It also expresses "deep concern" at evidence of Syrian actions to hinder the investigation and demands that Damascus cooperate "unambiguously and immediately."
Some of the add-ons are new, like the "property tax allotment," "carrier cost recovery fee" and "single bill fee."
For his work, he probably earned millions of dollars over the years.
It's a show that could easily have been pure camp, and at over two hours it still wears thin.
All of which leads, quite logically, to the question that has been preoccupying some British newspapers for the past week or so: What about the Spice Girls?
One of those captured was an Egyptian citizen, the police said.
In order to take out more than 4 percent that first year, Mr. Guyton said, investors need to follow a few rules.
Now, as Mr. Zetsche prepares to take the helm, he is offering a glimpse of how he will lead DaimlerChrysler, a trans-Atlantic colossus with nearly $200 billion in sales and 384,000 employees.
But when Private Graner sought to exonerate himself and her, the judge declared a mistrial.
He called Ms. Hackney and they had three dates over the next month before their busy lives and egos took over.
He was an early supporter of the civil rights movement, and a lifelong advocate of human rights and dignity.
g. Why does the irruption provide good opportunities for scientists and birders?
Under that idea, Iran would pursue uranium enrichment in concert with other countries -- South Africa has been mentioned -- so the West could be assured that the product was for peaceful use only.
It was music of pure sinew.
"Emotion is removed from the equation," Nicole Bullock writes.
Mr. Risdal, 35, was too busy rearing four children and caring for his ill wife.
1 Bowling Green, Lower Manhattan, (212)514-3700.
By not doing so, you would dodge an ethical dilemma, and there's no dishonor in that: one reason I decline to rob banks is the difficulty of thrashing out an equitable formula for divvying up the loot.
Beloved husband of Barbara (nee Griffith).
Damian Woetzel, deftly capturing Kelly's American swagger, first catches sight of Jenifer Ringer as his Caron-like dream girl through a scrim, and their initial encounters are touching.
After Marte intentionally walked Victor Martinez, Cliff Politte came in from the bullpen and retired Ronnie Belliard on a foul pop and Ben Broussard on a fly ball to center.
She told him the rooms were too small.
As the union representing the city's transit workers, we simply cannot wait for the authority to act.
The program allowed Iraq to sell some oil and use the revenue to buy food and other basic provisions for its people.
In his speech to the aid agency officials, Mr. Bush said he was grateful to former Presidents George H.W.
The field is thus open for a Democratic Party capable of shaking off its lethargy and interest-group pettiness and "reminding Americans of the heritage of Franklin Roosevelt."
Revenue, hampered by the strength of the euro, rose only 1.3 percent, to 17 billion euros.
Meet and Greet" event with Barry Bonds in December.
Much of it is awkward and some of it is downright dumb.
In Louisiana, the rape of a child is a capital offense.
Mercedes's first high-volume S.U.V., the M-Class, was certainly an innovator when it arrived eight years ago as a 1998 model.
That restlessness has served Charlane well.
The group said a video of their prisoner was forthcoming.
Had the buildings not fallen, the gear-laden firefighters would have needed about four hours -- almost as long as it takes to fly across the country -- to reach workers trapped on the high floors.
Remember that while big auction houses deal in masterpieces, they also sell much less expensive works.
"She had a good heart," said Linda Roman, her sister-in-law.
Whoever wins, after all this junk flying around, the first thing they're going to have to do is try to restore people's faith in government."
"Victory stopped, looking after her, wondering what it would be like to be a girl in a jaunty green coat, 25 years old and completely carefree, without the dizzying weight of having to pull it off again, of having to desperately reach down inside yourself, to get it up, to risk failure."
Brother-in-law of Nancy and William LaMarca.
Two other dishes played supporting roles -- the New York strip, which has been lightened since my visits with new sides of melted spinach, roasted shallots and creamed corn; and the tuna with succotash, which Mr. Quinn says he offers now only as a special, since its popularity waxed and waned.
Mr. Pullman eventually orders, "Nuke 'em."
For instance, he describes the effort to deploy a Moscow scientist who had previously sent subliminal messages to Red Army troops ("Do not get drunk before battle") in the Branch Davidian standoff.
Russia's Norilsk Nickel, the current market leader, expects to deliver 540 million pounds.
"This would be the first example of a stadium being developed from the outset for two N.F.L.
"Part of the argument in Iran-contra was whether or not the president had the authority to do what was done in the Reagan years," he said.
Died December 4, 2005 at age 88.
Media Studies – Watch and review the HBO documentary “Born Rich” (2003), exploring the following questions: How do you feel about the representation of rich young people in the film?
Columns: David Brooks, Bob Herbert.
State and municipal officials in the region are determining whether generic disaster plans, written with flooding, tornadoes and other more common calamities in mind, are adequate for the particular problems posed by a catastrophic earthquake.
A private celebration of Sindy's life will be held on Saturday, May 14, details available through family members or stevepinchuk@hotmail.com
It is true that both bullying and hazing are on the rise.
In addition to her husband Beirne and his children, Barbara is survived by her two daughters, Serena Wille, an intelligence analyst in Washington, DC, and Alison Wille, a management consultant in New York City; and her sister Linda Bowen Sorenson of Newtonville, NY.
The archive was compiled by Ira Glazier, an ethnic historian.
"I was not the deputy director of the Peace Corps.
("If the eagle would have come back, it might have pecked him to death," she said.)
Nadal is a left-hander who relies on a wrenching topspin forehand and plays some of the best defense on the Tour.
Even when the kids are grown, I plan to stay here, only I'll probably downsize as far as a house goes."
Infosys is India's second-largest outsourcer.
Late Tuesday, Tropical Storm Cindy reached shore, battering Louisiana and Mississippi with heavy rains and winds of nearly 70 miles an hour and leaving more than 300,000 people without power.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
Transit officials had been warned for decades that the signal system was obsolete, but they spent most construction dollars elsewhere.
But there were also a few who said that they were from Taiwan, and admired Mr. Zhao, too.
Ms. Magee, 47, has bought a television, a microwave and stuffed animals.
Though born into Catholicism, "Star Wars" was my catechism, so the way to help them was clear: I would be a priest, as Luke was a Jedi, "like my father before me."
Parties of this magnitude are rare enough to become international news sometimes in gossip columns.
For years I snoozed through the drama.
(On May 24, the United States House of Representatives passed a bill that would make illegal the mere possession of these labels -- even without the handbags to go with them.
"There had never been anybody but him," she said, "and there never was anybody like him, and I've never met anybody since like him."
He concedes that "the aftermath of major military operations" was "rougher than the Pentagon seems to have expected."
A Vancouver native, Wong has courted controversy since the 2001 furniture show "intransit," held at the now-shuttered Terminal-NYC showroom.
Petty brought a supply of chocolate -- his one vice -- and very little else: his scratchy woolen Malone hiking pants, a battered pair of hiking boots and the lavender 1934 Remington typewriter on which he painstakingly pounds out several letters a week, all with carbons, lecturing his state and federal representatives about what they need to do to preserve the Adirondacks for generations to come.
Proving the only thing special about them is their fundamental normality -- which is to say, their ability to plot and scheme like everyone else -- the athletes see in Steve/Jeffy a chance to thwart Jimmy's historical domination of Special Olympics.
But now, as quickly as the shelters were filled, they have begun to empty.
The next day, with some of Charity's staff and patients remaining, he got on the last helicopter carrying out members of Tulane's staff, having decided that he could do more good by raising the alarm on the outside.
Reheat in the liquid or serve chilled.
What are all the financial considerations involved in this production, such as artist fees, licensing costs, insurance, etc.?
A beautiful dark garnet color, it is somber, spicy and meaty, even a little gamy, and mouth-filling.
It does not seem likely that many people could have envisioned a way to turn distressed jeans or sluttish corsets or pointy-toed shoes or slick suits or football jerseys into an irresistible global export.
He said that racket technology has improved returns to the point that the sliced left-handed serve in the ad-court is no longer as routinely effective.
Like so many resort communities in the mountain West, Taos has an economy largely based on tourism.
The documents were obtained by The New York Times from the Government Accountability Project, a nonprofit legal-assistance group for government whistle-blowers.
So, instead, the new show at the Grand Palais here through Jan. 16 has been given the more ambiguous -- the perhaps more Hamletian -- name "Melancholy."
Housing authorities in New York State would be among the hardest hit, under a new formula that works against older urban areas.
She will desperately want those years you so carelessly toss away right now, I assure you.
With his wife, Heather, supporting the family by working from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. at a veterans' home and a Wal-Mart, Mr. Hoyt devotes himself to his mission, asking for donations of services from outfitters, taxidermists, hunting guides and others.
They then calculated that a particle of dirt is too small to be attracted by the number of setae required to overcome the pull from any surface.
"I'd be sitting at my computer at 4:30 in the morning, thinking, 'What am I doing?
While still under patent protection in the 1990's, Losec was one of the biggest-selling prescription drugs in the world, with sales of around $6 billion a year.
BUSINESS AVIATION SHOW MOVED -- The National Business Aviation Association's annual convention and trade show, which had been scheduled for New Orleans for mid-November, has been relocated to Orlando, Fla., for Nov. 9-13.
"Mothers and Sons" finds the 44-year-old Nina Messinger dropping back into the life of Moss, her 27-year-old son, after eight years away without a single visit: she has come to mother him through a depression over his breakup with his on-again off-again girlfriend, Danielle (and to escape her own failing marriage).
Nets executives have said this season that they would seek a power forward to help fortify their unstable defense.
According to the commission, Mr. Wilson was a vice president at Cotecna Inspection S.A., a company that worked for the oil-for-food program, and Mr. Wilson helped get Mr. Annan a job at the company.
Gizat's experience echoes that of most of Israel's 90,000 Ethiopian Jews, who arrived there in two large waves, in 1984 and 1991.
Strauss Operas in Demand One reason the opera is starting to receive more hearings is simply that there are a limited number of Strauss operas, and as the composer's late period increasingly gains wider appreciation and performance, one will inevitably get to "Daphne" sooner or later.
The meal continues with the last crop of sucrine lettuce -- the small fist-size loose-leaf heads of the butter crunch family.
Jeter smiled wanly when he recalled it.
Base-closing commission JULY 1 -- G.A.O.
The Pier at Caesars will have branches of some other East Coast restaurants, including Phillips Seafood from Baltimore, the Continental and Buddakan from Philadelphia, and, from Boston, Sonsie, the Dubliner and a sports cafe called Game On.
Mr. Anderson remembers a day in Galicia when the road became a brutal mountain path.
But for Vinny, "A beach is a beach.
The game seems heavier on action than the Zelda franchise but poised to move right into Zelda's action-adventure niche.
The Benevento-Russo Duo were opening for Government Mule, a blues-based rock band in the mold of Creedence and the Allmans.
After expressing respect for the powers of Congress, Mr. Cheney told reporters, "But I do believe that especially in the day and age we live in, the nature of the threats we face, the president of the United States needs to have his constitutional powers unimpaired, if you will, in terms of the conduct of national security policy."
Rather than decimate the independent coffee shops in Main Street America, for example, the popularity of Starbucks apparently swelled their ranks.
The timekeeper reveals she was a spy and reports how many were looking out the window, etc.
MOVED -- With its Peruvian menu and Conquistador décor, Lima's Taste has gone across town, to 122 Christopher Street (Bedford Street), (212) 242-0010.
Mr. Logan, 61, is big, broad and serene; a native of Alabama with the demeanor of a college football coach.
"We're not satisfied in terms of where we are over all, but we're extremely satisfied with the kind of results we've been able to see."
In deciding to plead guilty, McWane agreed to pay a $3.5 million criminal fine.
(Smith) ANNETTE LAWRENCE Ms. Lawrence, who is known for abstract works symbolizing themes of African-American ancestry, here presents an airy, expansive installation of many lengths of white string stretched in horizontal lines across the gallery.
The board's automatic veto power over the budget expired in 1986, but it retains the potential until 2008 to impose a so-called control period if the city's budget deficit exceeds $100 million.
Here he is in America and he thinks this way?"
In 2004, 11.7 million domestic passengers boarded planes at Philadelphia, according to figures released last week by the federal Bureau of Transportation Statistics.
The play, a world premiere (seen in a preview performance), is by Dan Dietz, and the news-media material calls it a fairy tale, but don't look for the Disney film version any time soon; this fairy tale is more like something out of the Brothers Grimm -- the harsh, unsanitized version.
One in five teenage orphans said outsiders had seized their belonging after their parents had died.
Since an international peace agreement signed in Paris in 1991 formally ended Cambodia's two-decade plague of violence -- as a battle zone in the Indochina war, followed by the nightmare of the Khmer Rouge revolution and, with the Vietnamese invasion of 1979, another round of civil strife -- foreign nations and international organizations have spent more than $7 billion to help put Cambodia back on its feet.
The budget is also expected to exclude Mr. Bush's goal to replace Social Security in part with a system of private savings accounts, even though administration officials concede that such a plan could require the government to borrow $2 trillion over the next decade or two.
She expected her schedule to lighten up when she switched to photography.
Hessler passed after learning that unspecified parts would be cut.
First stop: the Brooklyn Historical Society on Pierrepont Street in Brooklyn Heights.
All we have to do is go and try to win each race and not worry about the points, forget them, and just let them fall where they may."
Still, there is no mistaking that he teeters on a fence between the penetratingly sane and the careeringly eccentric.
The Winnapaug Inn (169 Shore Road, 401-348-8350) is within a good walk of Misquamicut Beach; its 50 rooms are $119 to $274; in July and August rooms start at $149.
"The beauty was still there.
"Empress Elizabeth of Austria often rented the house for hunting in the 1870's, so the family decided to put on an event to amuse her on Sundays, when hunting wasn't permitted," Lord Hesketh said in a telephone interview.
"I guess it's not healing right," Sierra said.
You go around the country, you can't count on your hand too many teams and seniors and really all-star-status players that will do that."
A player who only has to run patterns and score touchdowns isn't thinking long term.
"These are genuinely intellectually sound young people," said Lee Stetson, dean of admissions at the University of Pennsylvania.
That is the path we are on."
With unions in decline, real wages for hourly workers are stagnant, their health and pension benefits are in tatters, and inequalities between rich and poor have widened to levels not seen since the 1920's and early 1930's -- just before the last great union surge.
And it shows in her work.
The match was shown live to more than 3,000 people on Bridge Base Online and a few hundred spectators in the auditorium at the playing site.
Second, determined terrorists can easily take advantage of the knowledge that customs inspectors routinely designate certain shipments as low risk.
Biological elements have also played a part in the body-art movement and in some well-known contemporary work, like the lifecycle-behind-glass gross-out of Damien Hirst, in which maggots hatch, become flies, feed on a rotting cow's head, then die on a bug zapper.
In practical terms, the same attributes that make natural gas safe to burn in your home mean the GX emits 87 percent less carbon monoxide and 25 percent less greenhouse-gas emissions than a gasoline Civic.
To Linda I. Gibbs, the city's commissioner of homeless services, the decline was clear evidence of the powerful effect of the city's new policy.
(Smith) *'NINE CONTEMPORARY SCULPTORS: FELLOWS OF THE SAINT-GAUDENS MEMORIAL' A lively link between past and present is the Fellowship of the Saint-Gaudens Memorial, a foundation set up in 1977 to honor the great 19th-century American sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens.
But they also hold to an ideal of flotsam-art: cheap neutral objects that acquire artifact status in culture's self-promotional underground, practicalities touched by ambition and desire.
It teaches us that the entity most terrifying to the ranks of cosmetically enhanced Screen Actors Guild members is silicone drift.
Mr. Fisher goes into the pool with a radiation monitor on each arm, each leg, his back and his head.
The animals, which are not considered endangered, are protected in the United States under the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972.
I realized those terrifying feelings were what marked the difference between paper trading and putting my own real scratch in the game.
We went down around 11.
Ms. Posey -- and nearly every character she plays -- seems to be a barely bridled mass of energy, shifting from one emotion to the next in rapid and unchecked succession like a metaphysical circus act: the Human Color Wheel!
He is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 14.
Still, he left the ice grinning and slapping hands with fans along the front row.
Tennessee fell to 3-3, 2-3.
Just 136 of 450 deputies showed up, and 112 of them voted against Mr. Fradkov's government, far short of the simple majority needed to force it to resign.
Experts say they were first put in place in the 17th century, when they replaced the larger and older stones still visible on the Appian Way.
She agreed to have sex, she said, because "he promised to take care of me."
Only Mr. Sciandra wasn't doing so well on this night.
If the White House is concerned about waste, fraud and abuse, let's start with Tom DeLay and our own House.
She added: "I don't want to sound like a feminist saying this.
Earlier this month, the chief executive of the Times Company, Janet L. Robinson, described the media marketplace as challenging in 2005 and predicted that would continue in 2006.
The day put Mr. Bloomberg in situations that any American mayor facing re-election would envy: taking him to meetings with top Israeli officials who treated him as if he were a top federal official.
"It was not a realistic way to run a building," Ms. Speliotis said, referring to the staff and guard levels.
Most recently, the July 7 attacks in London apparently crossed one major threshold, as the first in Europe of what the police say they believe were suicide attacks.
Mr. McCartney's sisters and girlfriend have given hundreds of interviews in an effort to force the I.R.A.
"We really need to get this shredding documented if there is that much of it going on," Ms. Linde then wrote to David Baird, who worked with Ms. Montclair.
"Why can't you say what you mean, and for God's sake, what happened in the end?"
It was at his house in the Cramer Hill neighborhood of Camden that Anibal and two friends, Daniel Agosto, 6, and Jesstin Pagan, 5, were last seen alive around 5:30 p.m. on June 22 when relatives were watching them play in the yard.
The best argument against "intelligent design" has always been humanity itself.
Besides lower-cost rivals like the Indian outsourcing companies, it faces competition from companies like Accenture, which had a strong first quarter.
Sung atop delicately plucked guitar, his lyrics speak to the sensitive male's concerns about intimacy and mortality.
On Sunday, Aug. 28, as city officials ordered an evacuation of the city, hundreds of residents began streaming into Memorial, in the city's Uptown section.
Now we have a great relationship."
But I was dismayed by Mr. Grimes's conclusion: that because the diet was so unlike that on which he and most Americans were raised, its goals, while "worthy," were also "futile."
Watch the fine print on policies, Ms. Sudeikis warns.
"They briefed us first on what they know and don't know," said a participant, the leader of a European domestic intelligence service.
"When fuel prices spike like this, they have to make choices that they shouldn't have to make.
We drove a few blocks to Stuyvesant High School and saw the 1992 project by Kristin Jones and Andrew Ginzel, "Mnemonics": more than 400 hollow glass blocks embedded here and there, like Joseph Cornell boxes, containing exotica and artifacts -- fragments from the Great Wall of China, water from the Ganges, sand from the Sahara.
As he spoke, the barrel of an assault rifle hovered inches from his head.
But Mr. Ruckelshaus noted that Mr.
In addition, Amtrak and the Federal Railroad Administration, which oversees the railroad, began issuing thousands of design demands.
The police offered the men from the medical examiner's office masks, but they stoically declined.
A disturbing question comes too quickly to the mind.
he asked strangers on Saturday as he propelled himself and a retinue of camera crews and reporters briskly down High Street in this seaside town -- past Stead & Simpson's shoes, the King's Head pub, Pepper's Health Food and Sharon's music, where a statue of Elvis Presley was on display.
I LEARNED a lot in terms of the person I am from my parents.
Technology- How has toothbrush technology changed over time?
At 4:30 a.m., he boarded a private plane to Paris, arriving at 6:30.
It does this by picking up an extra loop of DNA -- essentially a highly portable genetic suitcase containing several different resistance genes -- from a passing microbe.
Hong Kong Disneyland said that after careful research, it had concluded that shark fishing could not be conducted in an environmentally sustainable way.
Steve Trachsel held the San Francisco Giants hitless for five and two-thirds innings and scoreless for eight Friday night as the Mets defeated the Giants, 1-0, at SBC Park for their fifth consecutive victory.
On the crest of the Albaicín, you'll find two charming restaurants both with breathtaking views of the Alhambra.
The attractive foyer and bar make any wait easier.
Born in a village nearby and schooled in Graz, Mr. Schwarzenegger was an honorary citizen and holder of the town's Ring of Honor.
Brilliant Emmy award winning photographer, astounding pilot, charming, talented wit, gifted teacher, wonderful musician and rare friend.
Any hint of a national identification card is anathema to civil libertarians, so homeland-security hawks turn to state-issued driver's licenses as a more palatable proxy.
"It's an honor to be assigned to conditions, as opposed to being assigned to regular patrol," Officer DeBoer said.
"The main reason an undercover was necessary was that it's very difficult to penetrate this online world unless you're undercover," said Mark L. Krotoski, an assistant United States attorney in San Jose who is a senior prosecutor in the Operation Site Down investigation.
"Are the police being used for political purposes?"
First, the two economists assume that businesses can make additional capital investments to take advantage of the expanded supply of workers.
He is John Giuca, not Guica; the spelling on the T-shirts was not erroneous.
Predix Pharmaceuticals Holdings, an initial public offering of five million shares.
A taped collage of pulsing and throbbing music accompanies this New Age journey to the stars.
Let me just reassure Abramovich that the young people of America are fully aware of the issues facing us.
As has been true for days, the death toll was assumed to be disastrously high, but estimates remained little more than guesses -- perhaps educated, perhaps not.
We look forward to significant fuel savings without sacrificing safety or doing harm to the American economy."
From Boston, the airline will offer Saturday direct service to Nassau.
You are likely to have better luck if you just sow them outdoors and wait.
For the last three years, he has served as Mr. Parson's co-deputy along with Don Logan, a veteran Time Inc. publishing executive who joined the company 35 years ago.
"Although branded drugs are priced higher, we believe we will sell many more generics in the future, more than making up for the price difference."
After high school, he worked at a local nursery.
Christopher A. Kozub, associate director of the National Transit Institute at Rutgers University, which receives grants from the federal government to research transit safety programs, said that a comprehensive security plan would be the most effective deterrent, and that no one element would make commuters safe.
"Words without deeds are nothing.
The setup fee is for meetings with school administrators and the preliminary task force.
Sri Lanka has a long history of preservation -- the ancient King Devampiya reputedly created a wildlife park more than two thousand years ago -- and an enormous array of animals, plants and terrain for a country the size of Ireland.
"You'll never find anyone who's as safe as you hope, who can do as much as you need," she writes.
The thing that really makes me want to puke is these artists who feel like they have to go to the South of France because the light is so beautiful.
Maureen is an unworldly single mother who feels imprisoned by caring for a son who can neither speak nor walk nor recognize her, the product of her only sexual encounter.
Benchmarks: Understands why places and regions are important to individual human identity and as symbols for unifying or fragmenting society; Knows ways in which people’s changing views of places and regions reflect cultural change Language Arts Standard 1-Demonstrates competence in the general skills and strategies of the writing process.
"Doncaster should be able to support a Premiership side or at least a Championship one," Ryan told The Daily Telegraph.
"The Council is united every year in budget mailings that fight for New Yorkers' priorities, and any political opponent who criticizes that work is just playing silly politics," Mr. Sigmund said.
To Richard's credit, he raised questions and members of the board were upset with him for it."
The United States Securities and Exchange Commission has proposed a plan to allow international accounting standards to be used in the United States within a few years, based on progress in bringing about convergence between those standards, which are issued by the International Accounting Standards Board based in London, and American standards, written by the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
Obviously upset, Burnett allowed the next three batters to reach, walking two and hitting one.
Create a similar chart on the board in which to record student responses.
Last year Robert Pollard, the unfailingly prolific indie-rock songwriter, dissolved his long-running group, Guided by Voices.
How differently it might have turned out, Mr. Muir mused, if Mr. Wall had "given himself a pat on the back that said, 'I'm the guy responsible for hiring that man' and 'I'm getting such good feedback from my family and my management team as a result of that hire.
Tiny, warm cinnamon-dusted doughnuts with vanilla mascarpone were hard to resist.
For the last few years, the shipping industry in New York and New Jersey has faced the growing problem of what to do with dredge spoils, the mucky, often highly contaminated byproduct dug up from bays and rivers when they are widened and deepened for navigability.
The Yankee Group's Andre Jaquith says that "whitelists are probably the way to go," but there is a management downside: administrators have to get involved every time software is updated.
"It's just that you shouldn't always reach for the prescription pad when you see elevated T.S.H."
"I want to get fit.
To the Editor: As a college chemistry teacher for over a decade, I had ample opportunity to determine the text my students would buy.
Mostly, though, they groused about the ostentatious size and style of the new houses going up.
Other governors in recent years have focused on only the type of argument that Mr. Williams makes first, that he is innocent.
We had before us two Rosemary Tangerine Coolers, one more colorful than the other.
This bunch shops, bakes, gardens and knits only when not vamping around the stage in feathers and rhinestones, rushing through multiple costume changes and racing up and down the 13 steps between the stage and their dressing room.
MORRISTOWN - IT'S a bit embarrassing to have to admit to liking "Butterflies Are Free," the 1969 comedy by Leonard Gershe about a young blind man who cuts the apron strings connecting him to his protective mother and tries independent living in an East Side apartment.
They shook hands (Mr. Mottola and Ms. Carey we mean) and had a brief chat.
Correction Appended LOS ANGELES - THE pitch took five minutes.
"This man is a stranger in a strange land," Mr. Goodman said.
They clashed over their three children, domestic abuse accusations, alcoholism and money problems.
recently announced plans to make Bruce S. Gordon, a retired Verizon executive, its new president, the reaction from some longtime civil rights activists was, "Bruce who?"
"If it doesn't happen this year. "
It is known in the news business as an advance obituary -- a report that can be published or broadcast on short notice should an important figure die on deadline.
There are patients with it who get seizures and others who get autism.
Tim has had the nerve to point out that Willis, a relative everyone coddles, is mentally retarded, something the extended family knows but doesn't acknowledge.
Did Barnaby regret not re-signing with the Rangers?
The salad (along with almost everything else) was portioned in such a fashion that to follow it with a main course and a dessert would constitute some form of human gavage.
"I miss this wherever I am all over the world.
Recently she looked on, impressed, as Samantha covetously eyed a $30 pair of jeans at an Abercrombie & Fitch clearance sale, then turned on her heel and walked out of the store.
Sheets of its corrugated tin roof were peeled back, and its four walls leaned precariously on a raised foundation.
The only thing organic in the gallery is a potted orange tree, slightly drooping, a living sculpture.
On Saturday, Garnett played the entire first quarter.
"I don't know what happened; maybe they drank some funny water, but they all decided they were back on the binge," said McClatchy, whose team has a relatively low payroll.
Sachar's eyes are focused on Europe -- the demographic heartland of Jewry for much of this period -- but he also provides fine thumbnail sketches of Jews in South Africa, in Latin America, in Australia and Canada, and in the Ottoman Empire.
Open Monday to Saturday 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. DANIELLE PERGAMENT
Mehdi Ebrahimi, 32, is exactly the kind of voter Mr. Rafsanjani should have been able to attract.
Recent documentaries about John F. Kennedy also describe the cover-up of Addison's disease with approval.
Nevertheless, Ms. Mayo made her debut as a lead in 1944, playing opposite Bob Hope in "The Princess and the Pirate," and then was given many roles in comedies and musicals.
And perhaps without enough of what it takes -- cynicism, protective armor -- to marry men who were right for her.
"Improvement in the core city radiates from areas of strength, like the cultural district," Mr. King said.
Over the years, unfavorable court rulings have limited the case -- most recently by restricting any awards to remedies that would restrain any future fraud.
After the 1996 law, some chemical companies sponsored studies that paid people to expose themselves to toxic chemicals in an effort to show that higher exposure levels were still safe.
In the past week, Dr. Summers has invited prominent female professors to meet with him, and asked their advice on how to repair his relationships within the Faculty of Arts and Sciences.
He won three more tournaments through 1998, then began a slow decline, in part because of physical setbacks.
"I have to have the prayer shawls clean," he said.
The preferable and focused way is to have two consecutive Legislatures pass an individual amendment to the Constitution that restores the Legislature's power to amend the governor's budget, and is then ratified by popular vote in a referendum.
Then they do something about it."
American titles in Chinese translation range from the predictable -- "The Da Vinci Code" and the Atkins diet -- to the surprising: Henry Rollins's "Get in the Van," a memoir of his punk years, and a collection of Woody Allen books whose Chinese title promises "Mensa Whores."
The kayakers heading out from Naskeag barely had time to start skimming the surface of the inlet called Eggemoggin Reach before they beached at Sellars Island, a speck of a granite outcrop, topped by evergreens, where they would be spending two nights while making daytime forays out onto the water and other islands.
Tools and wires were everywhere.
One Republican compared Democrats to Hitler, and a Democrat compared the Senate majority leader to a "Star Wars" villain.
When I went to meet Bono at the bar of his hotel, I saw Richard Gere seated at a table with a gorgeous woman in a little fur jacket and a leather cap.
While their exact methods are not known, they could have parked a car outside a store or set up in the local Starbucks, using a laptop computer outfitted with an off-the-shelf wireless receiver.
SENSING her maturity, yet not knowing its cause, Mr. Risley and Ms. Kane gave Sheena a passage from "Glass Houses," a passage all about the anguished bond between a mother and daughter.
JETS -- Signed QB Jay Fiedler and LB Barry Gardner.
One possibility would be a regulation requiring that chickens and roosters be kept in coops until a specified hour.
Diverging from conventional wisdom, the company has calculated that sharing technology can sometimes be more profitable than jealously guarding its property rights on patents, copyrights and trade secrets.
"The truth is we do not use it as a measure of accountability," said Tom Dunn, a spokesman for the New York State Department of Education.
To some, the isolation that seemed so splendid before is now terrifying.
Nathan Templeton (Donald Sutherland), the disgruntled speaker of the House, tries to spoil both events.
Kirk Theater, 410 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212)279-4200.
"If I closed my eyes at her budget address in February, I could have sworn I was listening to her give the same talk that Rowland used to give."
"The thing that makes Anthony so good is his versatility," Roberts said.
Mr. McMahon, who said he had three old computers in his office closet and two more in the attic at home, said that recycling tons of electronic equipment would also save New Yorkers money on disposal costs.
Benchmarks: Distinguishes among multiple purposes for creating works of art; Understands possible contemporary and historic meanings in specific artworks; Understands how one’s own artworks, as well as artworks from various eras and cultures, may elicit a variety of responses Grades 9-12 Visual Arts Standard 1- Understands and applies media, techniques, and processes related to the visual arts.
"As you can imagine, it's a pretty tough time, and as time goes by it gets harder," said Robyn Nixon, a marketing manager for Intrepid Travel in London, which formerly employed Mr. Matsushita.
It's completely unusable We can't even generate enough power to fire our weapons!
To rule out such factors, Dr. Koella and his colleagues used a new experimental plan.
The group's purpose was to come up with a new business model for New York racing, then to lobby the Legislature for the changes it wanted.
"She has more needs now," Mr. Vaconsin said.
Then again, once you begin to think about it, almost anything can seem erotic: a skyscraper, an airplane or any tropical fruit.
PRICE RANGE -- Appetizers, $6 to $14; entrees, $17 to $28; desserts, $7 to $9.
When the band was on Virgin records, a media kit went out with their name stamped on whoopee cushions.
Mr. Pryor honed his stage presence working clubs with a mild-mannered act during the 1960's, before breaking away from that in 1967, quickly finding his voice inside of the characters (like Mudbone, a philosophical wino) drawn from his childhood growing up amid bordellos and bars in Peoria, Ill. By the early 1970's he was widely considered one of the funniest, and -- for television censors -- the scariest men in America.
Former Senior VP at N.W.
Most are residents of the Hudson Valley.
Mr. Silver said the package of incentives offered to Goldman included about $6 million in commercial rent tax breaks that were made available, by legislation he pushed through in Albany this year, to any company leasing space downtown.
There had been speculation that there was bad blood between Piazza and Martínez stemming from the days when they came up in the Dodgers' organization, though both have denied it.
7 wine, was quite a bit fruitier than some of the others.
Migrating to India in search of work is frowned upon.
"It's home, and there was no need for lots of commuting.
As the last geriatric bus rider was clearing a happy tear from his eye from a giggle at the insult king Don Rickles -- "Hey, you old hockey puck!
"The market says we must," said Kevin O'Malley, publisher of Esquire, which is on its third apartment after doing one up in Los Angeles last year and another in New York the year before that.
The best ones fall into three categories.
To the Editor: Re "'No Nukes,' No More," by John Tierney (column, May 17): The only sector that reaps economic benefits from nuclear power is the nuclear industry.
Some of the confusion may have occurred because travelers stranded between two Underground stations in some cases were reported as having been evacuated from both stations, prompting erroneous listings of multiple incidents.
Our freedoms are assured by our access to a free press, which must be untainted by government propaganda.
Then the champions kicked the Yankees, 8-1, and the crowd did not mind that either.
Davis would have been pleased.
About 31 newspaper employees had been holed up in the offices for four weeks while an umbrella union with close ties to the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, which controls the state, staged a strike outside, demanding higher wages and more vacation.
8 P.M. (AMC) HOLIDAY INN (1942).
A complaint filed by the Department of Market Regulation of NASD, which regulates brokerage firms, said Scott W. Ryan and his brokerage firm, Ryan & Company in West Conshohocken, made it possible for the hedge fund to sell short the shares of a long list of over-the-counter stocks from 1993 through 2003.
The role has been played previously by Sid Caesar and Dom DeLuise.
But hurdles remain before Mr. Pataki's vision can take root, Mr. Stouffer said, adding that he would watch closely to make sure that improving water quality, recreational activities and public access to the waterfront remained priorities over time.
If you look at the numbers, you're talking about a relatively small segment of the voting population."
Take, for example, his protestations over the cuts in homeland security funds.
While she reminded lawyers from both sides at the outset that her questions should not suggest that she had reached any conclusions, she nonetheless sounded concerned about how the remedies would be fashioned and who would be charged with monitoring compliance.
One family paid $4,000 to have lunch with the Brooklyn borough president, Marty Markowitz, at Bamonte's in Williamsburg.
On Tuesday, he was in Prattsburgh, where the Town Board let him show a 20-minute videotape.
And the United States needs a foreign policy that takes account of this mutating Arctic map.
's assumption was that it would be "difficult if not impossible to play in New Orleans at all this year."
But the Brigitte Bardot -- or some other vegetarian -- might be a better label for this salad-in-a-glass made with yellow tomato juice and sprouting carrots, celery and sprigs of thyme.
Adrian Benepe, the parks commissioner, credits the transcendent lure of the beach his department maintains for the revival.
In the process, it squandered the overwhelming public mandate it had received after Sept. 11.
Many of those in mobile homes and seasonal residents have already left, Mr. Hamilton said.
He once had a hundred posters printed up that said, "Someday the decision to have children will be between you, your spouse and your congressman."
It consists almost entirely of telephone calls: Mel talking to his analyst, his wife, his mistress and assorted others; those assorted others talking to one another; everybody constantly putting everybody else on hold.
But surely someone else (Ballard?)
A counselor interviewed Mr. DeLaney as well as people who knew different facets of him -- a former boss, a longtime secretary, a fellow volunteer at a charitable organization, a client.
"To get to 13 with Mr. Jones, he's the one that set the mark before Jack came around," Woods said.
When shopping for a policy, do not be afraid to quiz the broker intensely.
In 2002 Abramoff even dropped by a baby shower for DeLay's daughter.
"I wanted the colors to be warm," Ms. Moore said.
SAGAPONACK became a village this month, when nearly two-thirds of its 464 registered voters went to its one-room schoolhouse and voted overwhelmingly to incorporate.
Richard J. Codey of New Jersey said in an interview after he toured some flooded neighborhoods along the Delaware River in Trenton.
And, knowing that we like familiarity, Moby has his collaborator, Laura Dawn, sing a slowed-down version of the New Order hit "Temptation."
Judge Gould had seen sudoku in a Japanese puzzle magazine and written a computer program for creating sudoku at any desired level of difficulty.
But the killing field has long been a place of commerce as well as of ghosts, surrounded by soft drink and souvenir sellers and filled with the chants of child beggars: "One dollar, one dollar, one dollar," and, "You give me money."
It is an example of an area where the U.S., with its financial resources and its logistical capability, can work in a cause that no one can argue with."
The bride's father is a cardiologist with a private practice in Chicago, for which the bride's mother is the business manager.
But Dr. Michael C. Perry of the University of Missouri, an investigator in the Avastin trial and owner of about 160 Genentech shares, was more cautious.
As of June, the organization still had roughly $40 million of the more than $1 billion it collected for a fund it created after the Sept. 11 attacks.
"It controls large parts of the east and south of Afghanistan and is waging a sustained guerilla campaign against the crusaders and apostates."
Correction Appended In 1997, a new heart failure treatment called BiDil appeared dead on arrival.
But Indians brought to spelling mastery some particular advantages, said Madhulika S. Khandelwal, an Indian immigrant who directs the Asian American Center at Queens College.
"I have conveyed to Senate leadership that we must do everything we can procedurally to stop unethical embryonic stem cell research in the Senate, and I will work to do just that," Mr. Brownback said in a statement released Tuesday night.
Parents, however, are more likely to be poring over Gary Mayerson's "How to Compromise With Your School District Without Compromising Your Child," or "Wrightslaw: Special Education Law," by Peter W.D.
But that figure includes several pension-related items that are little better than "accounting placeholders," Mr. Ciesielski said, numbers that poorly reflect the actual size of G.M.
Delinquency flourished in the now predominantly immigrant neighborhoods, and the police cracked down.
Wal-Mart said third-quarter earnings rose 3.8 percent, damped by the higher cost of fueling its large truck fleet and the temporary closing of stores after Hurricanes Wilma and Rita.
With a few exceptions, the most substantial holdings are in ethnographic institutions like the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago and the American Museum of Natural History in New York, where "high art" status is in question.
These critics say that the Freedom Center will detract from the memorial.
"Little has changed since 1992," said August J. Aquila, a consultant at the Growth Partnership, which advises accounting firms about marketing and expanding their practices.
He made weekly phone calls directly to Mr. Paulson, and met with him several times to make the case that Goldman was one of the city's most important corporate citizens and was needed downtown to help the city recover.
"I think what they've done to address the issue is fabulous."
The Washington Post reported in early November that the C.I.A.
WHEN Pathmark announced eight years ago that it would open a grocery store in East Harlem, many small business owners feared it was the start of a tidal wave of large retailers that would wash them out to sea.
Mr. Medina said he was confident the reforms would take effect next month, when Congress is expected to pass changes to the criminal code to accommodate the constitutional changes.
In the Jets' three games, 20 of Martin's carries went no farther than the line of scrimmage, often putting the Jets in second-and-long holes.
So she became one of the new mothers who are making milk the fastest growing slice of the organic market.
Mr. Gines fills in the difference with creamy vocal custard: witty, informative and fast-paced.
The tenor saxophonist Joe Lovano went for bluster, squalling and straining with practiced abandon; instead of soaring above or weaving through the ensemble, he squared his shoulders and barreled straight into it.
and Guidant have told patients with the affected units that they should consult with their doctors to decide whether the risks posed by the device outweighed those posed by replacement surgery.
7 p.m., North Fork Theater at Westbury Music Fair, 960 Brush Hollow Road, Westbury, N.Y., (516)334-0800; $52.
The talks broke off earlier this month, with plans for them to resume for work on a two- or three-page "statement of principles" that the United States hopes will guide future negotiations.
Rather, he was in the midst of horror, death and devastation, near a village that had lost 2,000 people -- a third of them children -- in the tsunami of Dec. 26.
Already, the project has gotten increasingly expensive for the Jets.
But celebrity-watching barely kept our minds off the 60 additional minutes it took for the first course to arrive.
But that would take a very forward-thinking program."
Learn about the new findings about a moon of Saturn by reading and discussing the article “Titan’s Big News: A Mysterious Shoreline.” 3.
Toyota employs about 4,000 people in its Ontario manufacturing operations.
He seems hopeful of "sneaking into a game or two" while he awaits that day.
Republicans say the ethics fight, combined with the attention that has been focused on Mr. DeLay over fund-raising and travel irregularities, has not only become a distraction but also a political liability that they want to defuse.
The very discreet board continues to be run by Frick descendants.
The council is also accepting nominations from the public for its annual Arts Awards, which recognize contributions to the county's cultural life.
Dr. Diane E. Davis, a professor of political sociology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, also foresaw change in Aceh, though she spoke in terms more political than religious.
All kind of choices pop into your head."
It is not known what action, if any, Mr. Fitzgerald intends to take in the matter.
But at Shea last night, Roger Clemens just heard quality boos.
I went as long as I could, and I couldn't do it anymore."
8:30 p.m., St. Mark's Church, Second Avenue, at 10th Street, East Village, (212)674-8194 or www.danspaceproject.org, $15.
I'd rather just do it.
A civilian contractor who worked with the provisional authority in Hilla and knew both Mr. Stein and Colonel Wheeler said it was hard to imagine their working together.
"I went to a friend's wedding, and the wedding was great," Ms. Martin said.
"A lot of Alvin's, Talley's and Donald McKayle's dances are really important to understand and look at as a body of work," he said.
Before that, I think, it housed an automobile showroom, its plate-glass windows a target, literal and metaphorical, for the postwar boom of cars speeding along prosperous Broadway.
"I'm a fanatic for housekeeping and safety."
Apparently, the weather formula so unappealing to humans -- blasts of heat seasoned by oppressive humidity, broken up only by occasional downpours -- is just about perfect for many of the crops grown in New Jersey.
Although Moonves said he planned to work on the schedule next year, his days would, in all likelihood, be monopolized by new challenges.
Frances Foster Books/ Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
This is a bass voice of uncommon elegance and belongs to a singer with a real future.
Its acceleration was more than adequate around town; at one point on the interstate I was shocked to find that the speedometer needle had crept up to 90 m.p.h.
The man was so besotted that he mispronounced it as Hakapoo before badly misspelling it.
The reorganized series, Champ Car, lags behind the I.R.L.
The majority of bookings are for corporate events, he said, but individual parties represent a small and growing portion of his business.
According to the Taxi and Limousine Commission, Mr. Zia had four moving violations between 1994 and 2001, within the normal range for cabdrivers.
Dr. Saussy added: "In the past, we had Charity.
Rather, they show the likelihood and distribution of aftershocks from an earthquake that has already occurred.
Almost 75 percent of households here have high-speed Internet access, and 17 million South Koreans, or 35 percent of the population, play games online.
On Thursday, responding to a reporter's question, Mr. Bush said: "There's some background noise here, a lot of chatter, a lot of speculation and opining.
Most notably, their father, John Grady, was among the Camden 28, a group of protesters who were acquitted of stealing and destroying draft records from a federal building in New Jersey in 1971.
And today, Trinidad is probably sorry that he did.
"As I predicted," he wrote, "a high-profile investigative body invested with absolute power would feel compelled to target someone, and that someone has turned out to be me.
It was one part biology lesson, one part political theater, and the biggest stage yet for the emerging movement known as intelligent design, which posits that life's complexity cannot be explained without a supernatural creator.
Legionnaires' disease contributed to the death of a man who was undergoing treatment at NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia hospital in April, according to a report by the city medical examiner.
"Just sitting around, you tend to get very stiff just waiting," Woosnam, the 1991 Masters champion who was recently named the European Ryder Cup captain for 2006, said Wednesday at the T.P.C.
And it was too depressing to pay attention to either the Rangers or the fading Islanders.
Heart failure can also be a cause.
Morgan Stanley directors, who are being advised by the prominent securities lawyer Martin Lipton of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz on corporate governance matters, met over the weekend.
The railroad announced Wednesday morning that Mr. Gunn had been "released" from his job, then notified Mr. Gunn.
"But I've been trained to do that behind closed doors," he said.
He changed into his bathing suit, waded out a few feet and plunged into the undulating Coney Island relief.
"He's probably been the least consistent.
The Republican governor, apparently sensing how quickly the Legislature was pressing ahead to pass a budget with or without him, surprised reporters with the news that the state stood "a very good chance of having an on-time budget."
More recently it has been working hard to establish an international presence, while continuing to describe itself as "New York's leading Latino cultural institution."
k. How did the company use the human genome sequence in its research?
David Kolpak, an analyst with Victory Capital Management in Cleveland, said that Wendy's management had proven itself responsive to investors.
of Goldman Sachs, used $63 million of his personal fortune to win in 2000 and has pledged to spend as much as necessary this year.
The song's cheekiness resonated with Vice, a brand better known for cold-eyed sarcasm than bleeding hearts.
Guest's ensemble stalwarts, PAUL BENEDICT and BOB BALABAN.
The summer season of free concerts, running from June through October, will include Lavay Smith, Quetzal, Taylor Eigsti and Johnny Nocturne.
Both fans are wearing Mets jerseys and Mets caps, inducing cheers from fellow New Yorkers and ugly looks from Phillies fans who do double takes every time they hear McCarthy scream, "There's another deep drive!"
Small Internet Retailers Gain Web Advantage In the fast-changing world of Internet commerce, analysts say, smaller merchants have gained two important advantages: Google, and consumers who are fussier than ever.
Matt Turk, a singer-songwriter from Hastings-on-Hudson who organizes the Kol Ami Coffeehouse at the Kol Ami Synagogue in White Plains, noted that the audiences at the local shows include a broader cross-section of the community than can be found elsewhere.
"My main concern was not to put the boat against the sea wall and crush the bodies."
"We've met," Mr. Hurt says.
If at the end of the year attendance is off 9 percent, then you have a problem.
Around and About the World Buckling up is always a good idea, especially when you're riding a school bus built for off-roading.
He said that the kidnapper's mother and uncle had been in police custody before the kidnapping, along with 15 other people detained on suspicion of involvement in the kidnapping and murder of Hafiz Zadran, an Afghan businessman.
The city was kind to him, and he took up singing.
On Friday, Mr. Codey said that voters concerned about health issues had an easy choice between a candidate who supported a smoking ban (Mr. Corzine) and a candidate who did not (Mr. Forrester).
"It's going to swing one way or the other," said one Republican lobbyist who focuses on the House.
Producers' reps and buyers swarm around one another, trying to make deals; we don't get to hear any details.
L'Oceanogràfic, Europe's largest aquarium, has 10 distinct underwater and marine habitats linked by tunnels that permit you to walk with sharks on your way to the dolphin shows.
The overwritten screenplay suggests an earnest, naïve stage drama whose too contrived characters engage in the breast-beating theatrical equivalent of group therapy.
(The article's headline distracts from the real problem.)
Loren Schoenberg's iPod, set to choose the songs at random, understood his mood yesterday.
Elizabeth Rachel Cohen, a daughter of Charlene Cohen and Dr. Gary Cohen of Baltimore, was married in New York yesterday evening to Jay Christopher Akira Kojima, a son of Amy Kojima and Henry Kojima, both of Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Rineke Dijkstra The photographer Rineke Dijkstra rarely works on commission.
In his sunny and messy Chinatown office, the windowsill was crowded with bloom-free orchids.
That exceeds the net worth of the United States.
Mr. Forrester threw the first blows, attacking Mr. Corzine a week before he even prevailed in a bruising Republican primary on June 7 over six rivals.
The wine list is reasonably priced and includes a page of half-bottles, a convenience for those wishing to sample several wines or to take just a glass or two with an entree.
"I'm way too old and too fat to be doing that," Stewart said, "but once I started, I was committed and wasn't going to let the fans down."
My audition the next morning brought me back to earth.
Crossword E4 Weather D7 TV Listings E10
But we say to you: What's the use of cinema if man's soul goes rotten?"
"You put yourself out there continuously with the message of hope, with the message that we can do this," she said.
"We believe this is a huge business opportunity," said Brock Leach, the chief innovation officer.
But the most challenging aspect is the simulation of real games.
I've received 400 e-mails today.
But the playwright, Richard Dresser, has accomplished something that offsets that weakness.
"It almost seems not alive," Dr. Beatty said.
Nature walk and presentation, Sunday at 3:30 p.m. at the Prospect Park Audubon Center (enter the park at Lincoln Road and Ocean Avenue), Brooklyn, (718) 287-3400.
Donations may be sent to the Gurwin Jewish Foundation or Magen David Adom, USA.
"The job is never done."
More than 200 other shelter residents, they said, have been given violation notices that could result in eviction if another transgression takes place.
"He can last maybe another two or three days," said the boy's grandmother, Helene Trimarchi.
(Brantley) 'MOVIN' OUT' The miracle dance musical that makes Billy Joel cool (2:00).
He and two partners, Paul Yoon and Robert Kory, spent $2 million in investment capital and three years gathering all the relevant patents and licenses under one corporate umbrella to build their first HD3D.
"I don't think the North Koreans should be allowed to change the subject," she said.
With East Coast wild salmon all but extinct and West Coast wild catches restricted by quotas, farmed fish constitute 90 percent of this country's salmon sales.
"He has strongly identified himself with the Christian conservative movement," said Matthew Corrigan, a political science professor at the University of North Florida.
I'm a Yankee fan and I still think it's exciting when they make the playoffs and lose."
Tony Leung Chiu-wai plays a character that may or may not be an extension of his role in "Mood" (he has the same name, if not quite the same characteristics).
"If Hamas feels some safety and security with Abu Mazen, they will commit to a long-term cease-fire," Mr. Sommad said.
Adored mother of Sean and Michael Begley.
He has explained himself on Iraq and has reiterated his stand on national security and the subordinate position that constitutional guarantees hold in relation to his will and worldview.
Mr. and Mrs. Teitelbaum were married earlier this year and were members of prominent Satmar families, members of the congregation said.
New Jersey is 12-0 since the All-Star Game break when Carter scores 30 or more.
"I feel I'm -- I hate to say it -- sort of wasting my time playing casinos and weddings," said Ms. Tollinchi, who says she is still prepared to deal with her dual workload.
Oct 9 at 6:30 p.m., following choral vespers at 6 p.m. Free.
She graduated from Yale and Columbia Law School.
A woman is trapped in a burning car.
"This building is not what one would normally associate with a landmark," Mr. Olenick added.
But Granger bows his head when he talks about Feeney, and he shakes his head slowly.
That movement led on Monday to the resignation of Mr. Hariri's Syrian-backed successor, Omar Karami, and calls for the resignation of Émile Lahoud, the Syrian-backed president, whose term was extended in October at Syria's behest.
"This is probably the best experience of my life," said an awed Katherine Bormann, 22, a violinist studying at Juilliard.
After Holovaty's crime statistics, real-estate listings and classified ads were among the first forms of information combined with maps.
Video of the octopus can be seen at www.nytimes.com/science.
Because it can take up to two weeks to get the results from standard H.I.V.
Democracy may be the goal for Mr. Bush.
Moscow is also demanding that other former Soviet states that are tilting toward the West politically, like Georgia and Moldova, pay market rates.
(The error also occurred in numerous articles between Sept. 3 and Sept.
But he soon realized that the Virginia name might have been scaring off the very people his pitch was intended for.
The fish may be despondent, he says.
"The most interesting thing we saw was a nice jump-start in the Pacific Northwest," Mr. Berry said.
What did these people do to deserve such suffering?
His father is a pharmacist at Community Hospital in Munster, Ind.
In the 70's, Congress decided to index retirees' benefits to the cost of living.
Compared with many funerals in the West Bank and Gaza, where masked Palestinian gunmen fire into the air and the talk of revenge flows freely, the services in Shefaram were relatively subdued.
That day, we were alone on the river.
"The numbers are huge and growing," he said, adding that "there are all sorts of psycho-social issues when students move around, as well as questions of intellectual coherence to what they study."
Looking at the data from 1950 to 2002, the authors found that periods of strong productivity growth actually occurred when the top tax rates were the highest.
The students were offered a small fee, and DKNY is paying for the installation of a high-tech industrial knitting machine at the school; the company will retain the students' ideas, offering Ms. Milano and her classmates another fashion lesson.
Structurally, too, the play is ever more with us.
"Enron reflects a deeper sickness in American society," Mr. Gibney said.
Nate was 15 at the time.
It will be my fifth team, finally making it back home."
Tony Safford, the Fox acquisitions executive who bought the film, declined to comment.
Caption information is provided below.
A series of wiretapped conversations showed an almost avuncular relationship between Mr. Fazio and one of the Italian bankers.
Apparently so, because that's what this Folksbiene Yiddish Theater's revival is.
"The mosaics that were not taken away are under the farmland," she said.
It employs servers who look as if they just wandered over from the Dark Room, a hipster bar nearby.
I would hope that they love it as much as I do, but I'm not the least bit worried."
The best wines are not likely to go into the blend that will result in the final nonvintage product, which can differ from year to year depending on which wines are available.
SOAPBOX Kevin Granville is a staff editor for The New York Times.
Ms. Wiest won the best supporting actress Oscar.
As Europe and Turkey prepare for membership talks, which are scheduled to begin Monday in Luxembourg, a growing number of Turkey's textile producers are asking whether the country should distance itself from a Europe that may be intent on rejecting it.
The Monarchs used a seven-player rotation, a full-court press and a stingy low-post defensive game that limited passes inside the paint to hold the Sun's normally explosive offense to an average of just under 60 points in Sacramento's three victories.
Sheffield, who met yesterday with Bob Watson, baseball's vice president in charge of discipline, will be watching closely.
The big media companies -- where fear of failure is almost a job requirement -- have taken vastly different approaches to exploiting the video game phenomenon this time around.
The focus of the 30-second spot, which Naral Pro-Choice America is spending $500,000 to place on the Fox and CNN cable networks, as well as on broadcast stations in Maine and Rhode Island over the next two weeks, is on an argument in an abortion-related case that Judge Roberts made to the Supreme Court in the early 1990's, when he was working in the first Bush administration as the principal deputy solicitor general.
Gordon is 38 years old, and no matter how well he handled his role as the setup man for Mariano Rivera the last two seasons, the Yankees were not comfortable paying him into his 40's.
Still, for Bradbury fans, "The Bradbury Chronicles" is essential.
Rawa did not exactly send out the Welcome Wagon after the Stryker Brigade Combat Team from the Second Infantry Division arrived in late July.
At the time it was the biggest blackout ever, affecting 30 million people, though there have been bigger ones since then (the blackout of Aug. 14, 2003, affected 50 million people).
When asked by a member of the commission, Polly Williams, whether MCC had contacted Related about being part of its development, Mr. Schultz said: "There has been no response.
Since its beginnings, flamenco has largely been a soloist's art, performed casually and spontaneously in homes and cafes.
Clarence Norman Sr., pastor of the First Baptist Church of Crown Heights, has sat in a second row behind the defendant, and members of the church -- primarily women -- have filled many of the courtroom rows, often making derisive stage-whispered comments about the proceedings.
But even Mr. Selvam's simple wishes seemed unlikely to be fulfilled.
The two school districts had enrolled 225 new students.
The government filed its lawsuit in 1999 seeking to recoup what it considered to be the tobacco industry's ill-gotten gains, estimated at $280 billion.
And, though he clearly has no doubts about the power of modern television, he may have underestimated the power of modern radio.
Translated by Maria Louise Ascher.
Both are witches belonging to covens, putting them in the mainstream of this gathering, which is in its 27th year and is among the oldest and largest pagan festivals.
"You see a movement and add the idea to your own movement and watch a dance tape and take something from that."
He was named to the Pro Bowl in 2000 but lost his way after that, his career derailed by injuries and an arrest for driving under the influence.
They're also asked whether their fellow students drink as much as they do.
Politically active Hollywood stars like Warren Beatty and Barbra Streisand are infinitely better known to workaday Californians than noncelebrity elected officials, who, in any case, tend to be regarded with suspicion and contempt.
Foreign Cars' Popularity Dogs U.S. Automakers The Big Two automobile giants offer plenty of explanations for their recent financial troubles, from soaring health care costs to rising gas prices and creeping interest rates.
Did she remember the last time they saw each other, before the film?
It has also committed its equity research department to do extensive environmental studies.
"Something new has arisen that has led to this," Mr. Loss said.
We began by asking Bono, who was with ALICIA KEYS, what he used to find in his lunchbox.
"This is more of an art, not a science," Ms. Weiss said.
As long ago as December 1995, she began looking for a way to dramatize her concerns in Washington, writing to President Bill Clinton to ask him to establish an organic vegetable garden on the grounds of the White House.
Lemon Coffee Blossom Olive Stone Scrub (below center), $62.
In his 1995 memoirs, Benjamin Bradlee, the editor The Washington Post during Watergate, wryly thanked Nixon for giving a boost to journalism.
Opening-weekend festivities will include floral displays by the North Suffolk Garden Club from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on May 21 and a poetry reading by Susan Kinsolving at 2 p.m. On May 22 from noon to 5 p.m., farm animals will be on hand, and family-oriented programs like a scavenger hunt, blacksmithing demonstration and crafts are planned.
"We take our responsibility as the winning group very seriously," Marubeni's president, Nobuo Katsumata, left, told reporters at a news conference, adding that he hoped to increase his company's stake and make Daiei an affiliated firm.
"I've been in both situations," Ms. Lippman said.
Paul Nurse, President David Rockefeller Honorary Chairman Russell Carson, Chairman Richard Furlaud, Chairman Emeritus Torsten Wiesel President Emeritus Ali Brivanlou, Titia de Lange, Charles Gilbert, and Thomas Sakmar Professors MARKUS--Marie.
Nonetheless, some town clerks, like the one in Washington, plan to do so as a special gesture.
In Mr. Ferrer's New York, voters are as party conscious as ever.
This account is, in large part, her version of events.
Full functionality on both lines, including the ability to run trains in reverse, will still take three to five years to restore at a cost of $25 million to $60 million, Mr. Reuter said.
Musical high points aside, the world of classical music had some very good moments in 2005.
to use new methods or restate its financial reports, or it could impose fines.
In the seven years since the race started, the number of runners has more than doubled to 3,000, and other ethnic groups in the neighborhood have become interested.
On the walls are pictures of Secretariat and the boxer Kid Gavilan, and a sign listing the members who have paid their monthly $25 dues: Tullo, Butch, Lenny, Philie Boy, Pasquale, Paulie, Apples, Boston, Boar's Head, Angelo, Big Sal, Little Sal, Rocky Pet and Rocky Chick.
She taught Latin at Walton High School in the Bronx and English as a second language in White Plains.
According to his own testimony and that of former detainees, he has become so desperate during his imprisonment that he has tried at least once to commit suicide.
Hard-line positions don't work on this issue in Connecticut, unlike other parts of the country, he said.
Both candidates for mayor are using foreign-language ads to broaden their reach.
WAYNE LaPIERRE, of the National Rifle Association, on passage of a law protecting the gun industry from many lawsuits.
"The corporate plane is really an extension of the workplace," Ms. Berger said.
Discussing his movie with Karen Durbin after an early preview screening, Mr. Schreiber got so excited that he apologized for talking too much, something no good interview subject ever needs to do.
Josie is supposed to be Amazonian, "almost a freak," but Ms. Bresnahan cannot conceal her good looks with mussed hair and a Neanderthal gait.
To the other side, cute goes monstrous in five plush, big-headed puppetlike costumes for yuru chara, regional mascots that represent nearly every local government in Japan.
These areas would be protected from rezoning, and companies relocating there would receive tax credits of $1,000 for each employee.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's rising approval ratings reflect a significant political milestone: half of those New York City voters who now say they like him also say they disliked him for one reason or another after he was elected in 2001 but have changed their minds.
It is in his subtext about lesbianism that Klein's id-projections veer into truly illuminating hysteria: he sees a lesbian under every bed.
"I don't like Carl Icahn, either," he said.
But few of these officials were communicating with each other, Dr. Judice said.
And in honor of the Triple Crown, that most impossible prize in sport, and one that no horse will win this year, we finished with a tres leches cake studded with raspberries.
In the end, Mauch would win 1,902 games and lose 2,037, often with bad teams, but he will ultimately be remembered for dreadful collapses in 1964, 1982 and 1986.
The study being published today culminates a $15 million government-financed effort to determine which tests work best.
That broader report could be even more critical of the military because it is based on statements from F.B.I.
Both he and Mr. Boal came up through the school, child dancers who were noticed young, though for different reasons.
China's economy grew 9.5 percent in the first-half, benefiting mining companies like Rio and BHP Billiton of Australia.
Ms. Johnson said the district has received a $1.8 million, three-year state grant to increase literacy in the early grades, and a $3.6 million, four-year grant to enrich the cultural experiences in art, music and dance.
As you enter, the first car sits peacefully on the ground.
"We stayed to a plan.
I'm having more fun than I've ever had in my career.
Even the hot dog bun and some knishes could be at risk.
But it would also defy natural order in New York.
American taxpayers have heard a fair amount about the fact that their children lag behind the children of Britain, France, Germany and Japan.
Ngodup, too, had intended to go on hunger strike; he was scheduled to replace those Tibetans then nearing death.
It turned out that while Ms. Hill was working on her modest renovation, with $60,000 in construction funds after a second mortgage fell through, city tax assessors were busily reviewing her filing with the Department of Buildings.
Erickson, in an impromptu news conference in the 49ers' press room, said he would have liked to help York turn the team around.
At first I wanted to call everyone I knew to spread the word!
Fisher said, "If you lose that game, it's like your whole weekend is ruined."
"Making the robotic T. rex," he said in a museum statement, "was the most challenging project in my life, because it required coaxing machine parts to convey movements that are organic and fluid."
Professor Siegel is also an investor in the firm.
Even Mr. Forbes got into the spirit of things, noting before he joined them in marriage that he had blessed the restaurant.
But the House of Lords, which has a preponderance of Conservatives and whose members are appointed rather than elected, balked at a bill that many of its members felt violated centuries-old legal principles like the right of habeas corpus, as enshrined in the Magna Carta.
Yet once he started playing, his pianism was typically elegant, articulate and full of character.
He is reggae's long-running soul man, applying the gruff, gospel exuberance of Otis Redding to tales of prison, love, dancing and redemption.
Indeed, while Mr. Wenner has had fallings-out with many of gifted Rolling Stone staff members and, according to insiders, has treated others -- such as the long-serving former editors Bob Wallace, Bob Love and Terry McDonnell -- with a certain cold-bloodedness when he thought that they no longer served his purposes, some at that magazine say that things there are relatively stable compared to other Wenner Media fiefs.
A front-page article on Monday about warnings by Vice Adm. Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard against prematurely moving residents back to New Orleans omitted the name of the television program on which he said he was capable of giving the city's mayor "very good counsel."
As I reached to the top of a window frame, I accidentally knocked the catalog to the floor.
Mr. Davis, who like many of his colleagues wore a bright red parka emblazoned with "Get it.
That left only two possibilities, they concluded.
Rod R. Blagojevich, was headed to the South Side game on Sunday night with conciliatory words.
But Dmitry O. Rogozin, a leader of the Motherland Party in the lower house, called for a criminal investigation, suggesting that commanders were negligent for squandering recent increases in the military's budget.
You might wonder why Carnegie Hall does not make more of an effort to protect its brand, in the same way that newspapers or magazines often insist on prominently marking "advertorials" with statements like "This is a paid advertisement," to make sure readers do not mistake them for articles written and edited by the publication's staff.
So I took along two good friends instead.
That account, however, was disputed by Kurdish officials.
Only India rated America as its top pick.
Beckham's brilliant right foot curving the ball ahead to the fleet Owen is a legitimate attraction all by itself, but do not expect any sort of emotions today like the ones set off by Liverpool only six days earlier.
I thrilled to Marie Antoinette's every incarnation, from the sheltered and curious daughter of Hapsburg royalty to the teenage bride of a man who would rather not be king, through the dizzily decadent height of her reign, when she built herself an ersatz country village -- with an artificial lake, livestock, "charmingly weathered" new cottages and even some uncharming peasants -- on the grounds of her Petit Trianon palace.
Like authorized biographies, retrospectives of living designers can be historical fictions.
The entire mountain region will serve as the base for everything from biathlon to bobsled.
This Mediterranean restaurant fits so seamlessly into its neighborhood that it seems to have been there forever.
He described that possibility as "just business."
There are, presumably, limits to just how much foreign investors are willing to put into United States securities.
"We decided that Houston would be the place to bring to bear everything we've built in the last 15 years," said Stephen Lerner, director of the Justice for Janitors campaign.
The pending bill -- sponsored by Representatives Thomas Petri, Republican of Ohio, and George Miller, Democrat of California -- would allow colleges to keep half of the money saved through direct loans.
The vote came a day after Visteon said it would delay filing a quarterly report because of accounting errors, prompting Moody's and Standard & Poor's to cut Visteon's debt ratings.
The rules must still be approved by the union's national governments for talks on Turkey's membership to open as expected on Oct. 3.
No one seemed to know what to do or how to act or what to make of the crash in faraway New York.
Wright, who was poised to work for a potential Democratic opponent, Council Speaker Gifford Miller; and Stu Loeser, the spokesman for Senator Charles E. Schumer.
Those memories, his death -- it all made her cry.
Fresh's catalog generated controversy among random-rap fans because it grades records on their rarity -- a scale that some say values availability over quality.
Mr. Jude, who has one black parent and one white, went to the party with some acquaintances who were invited.
"You know, you're sad that you have to go," he said.
"He was in the wrong spot at the wrong time," said his brother Raffaele, 23.
Ms. Rice was initially considering a return trip to Israel next week to monitor the Gaza pullout, but has since decided against it.
Reading Group: In April, readers will discuss "Cloud Atlas," by David Mitchell.
The ski towns of Aspen and Telluride are the most sought after, followed closely by Kiawah Island, S.C., and Los Cabos in Mexico, for golf.
Mr. Friedlander has, of course, thought of moving on, and knows he could earn much more with a private law firm than he does with the city (about $180,000 a year).
One evening we rolled into a little market town called Kibaiigwa, which wasn't on our map.
Mr. Bush gave Mr. Sharon other commitments sought by the Israelis, including a pledge of help for economic development in the Negev and Galilee regions, which could help the Israeli government as it resettles thousands of people.
"This could help bring peace to other parts of the country."
Correction Appended CHERRY HILLS VILLAGE, Colo. - THE hype for the 60th United States Women's Open was all about Annika Sorenstam's quest for a Grand Slam.
At one point I became particularly intrigued by an old telescope, with which I would study the heavens.
"I OK" is the feeble text message Celestine sent his wife that afternoon.
And as bleary roommates and partners in humiliation, Ethan Hawke and Josh Hamilton give Kathleen Turner and Bill Irwin (in "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?")
Signed TE Landon Trusty from the practice squad and TE Brock Edwards to the practice squad.
Prohibiting lighters without fuel in them from checked baggage made no sense as a safety measure, and was especially damaging to Zippo, Mr. Booth argued.
But scientists were not the only ones upset about the city's actions.
To discourage that, it will offer him a bonus.
Landslide Freddy, whose total vote in the low-turnout primary amounted to 7 percent of the city's 2.6 million registered Democrats, can hardly be considered a sure thing.
Koki Doktori, a painter, has lived and worked in SoHo in Manhattan since 1969.
Elsewhere, Delta Air Lines dropped 33 cents, or 10 percent, to $2.97.
Once we know the sex of the baby, we write it down on a sheet of paper and put it away -- so we can try to forget that we know."
The rich hightailed it to the countryside.
It is plain that even as landslides washed away the very hills that India and Pakistan fought over so bitterly, their 58-year-old legacy of mistrust and bitterness endures.
She performs as part of Lincoln Center's Gay Pride salute lineup.
At University of Maryland University College, a continuing-education school, students 25 and under seeking bachelor's degrees are the fastest-growing population, tripling to 4,200 in 2004 from 1,400 in 1997, said Mary Ellen Hrutka, dean of undergraduate studies.
But Ms. Greer said that HSBC manages the credit card operation for Saks, among other premium chains.
Will this be the moment of collision, the next explosion in the culture wars?
Carol Winn Crawford, pastor of the 130-year-old Rayne Memorial United Methodist Church on St. Charles Avenue in the Uptown neighborhood, stood in the sanctuary where roof slates rest in the pews.
The government-run Banco do Brasil said its net profit jumped 27 percent last year, citing strong growth in its credit portfolio.
They went to a certified financial planner and developed a long-range plan.
The monsignor's life illustrates what happens when a man of God finds the right audience, or maybe the right audience finds him.
On Thursday, the United States attorney's office in Manhattan sued Bayou, saying the fund, run by Mr. Israel, had defrauded investors for years by overstating returns and understating losses.
And now, a state senator from Seattle -- who is not saying she supports attacking the chastity of Washington women -- is, nevertheless, trying to overturn the state's "slander of a woman" law.
Crab- and wine-tasting seminars will be held at locations around the city, and each week the Mission District plays host to Crabby Fridays, with nearly a dozen neighborhood restaurants serving crab appetizers and entrees.
And yesterday, hospital officials announced a $2 million plan to remove the murals and put them back once the renovations are complete.
The woman at the desk, who had been sworn to secrecy by Mr. Uth, reluctantly acknowledged that it was a gift from him.
"It's Iraqis who die like this, not Americans," said Muhammad Jasem, 25, who said he was jobless.
The system has prompted Selig to say he believes steroids will be eliminated completely this year.
Below, some destinations for a variety of travelers, from arts lovers to beachgoers to high-altitude hikers.
Mr. Femia, who sometimes presents ideas based on bloggers' postings, said he was not sure exactly how stories made the transition.
Colin Woolston hopes to spend a year in Borneo, rehabilitating orangutans.
Turner scored again underneath, and the reserve forward Willnett Crockett made a beautiful pirouette on the baseline.
Rosenberg's face, brow and eye lifts are so subtle and the scars are so tucked away that patients can wear ponytails three weeks after an operation.
DC's move to remake its superheroes has led to bold decisions: Last year, the "Identity Crisis" mini-series, written by Brad Meltzer, a novelist, had the Justice League retaliating for the rape of a hero's wife by brainwashing the villain -- a turn of events that drove some fans to the Internet to vent their concern over DC's direction.
Higher rates may damp consumer spending and encourage saving.
Within their building, word spread that they had overpaid.
Tywoniak, Madi Diaz-Svalgard, the Friendly Gangstas and Napoleon Murphy-Brock.
David Stern's brave new world, the one where acne-faced teenagers no longer litter the lottery, has yet to arrive.
The birth of his N.F.L.
"Too much food," he explained.
Three times during the past few days.
Mohammed and Willis pointed to the influence of the music and movie industries as reasons for the N.B.A.
As a reporter from The Star-Ledger in Newark described it, Williams, Woods's longtime caddie, was by himself when he found the ball after searching the creek's bank.
"We are training people to be members of Islamic Defenders," he said.
I got it from the tap and skipped the oppressive glass stage altogether, taking the water directly into my cupped hands, bringing it meekly to my lips.
Either way, I think the American people need to know.
In the argot of a hipster truck driver, Mr. Clark tells the story of his train wreck of a life: his neglected childhood in Tulsa; mainlining speed with his juvenile delinquent friends in the late 1950's; decades of drug abuse and excessive drinking; and two different incidents -- a stabbing and a shooting -- for which he did time in prison.
Buyers have always paid a premium for space and rooms in Manhattan, where prices per square foot for the largest apartments are easily double or triple the cost per square foot of a modest one-bedroom.
Caption information is provided below.
But they will have kept it from dying out altogether.
In a memorandum issued after a July 15 meeting with Cherokee consultants, Lawrence Niles, chief of the state environmental agency's endangered-species program, wrote: "I said I thought he was responsible for the bird prematurely leaving the nest, which caused it to break a bone and be unable to fly back to the nest.
Like many Americans, I suspect, I tried to picture how I would have reacted if a bunch of smarmy, camera-seeking politicians came anywhere near a hospital room where my own relative was hooked up to life support.
In January, the State Department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research held a closed two-day meeting to hear from experts on the implications of a warming, opening Arctic.
Under the new standards, schools would be encouraged to teach pre-calculus to seniors, but they could opt to teach some other form of math.
In the meantime, believers will suffer the cost of discipleship (the Christian shorthand for the cost is the cross) without support in international law.
If developed, the unconveyed property would generate $17 billion in real estate value, $190 million a year in taxes to the state and $142 million a year to local governments, the firm estimated.
The Books of The Times review on March 2, about "Chatter: Dispatches From the Secret World of Global Eavesdropping," by Patrick Radden Keefe, included an erroneous reference, from the book, to Mohamed Atta, a leader of the 9/11 hijackings.
The Chinese government is concerned that soaring prices might overheat the nation's economy and even threaten social stability.
For better and for worse, it amounted to a bolder rethinking of this classic than ones with Petipa's choreography stuck onto some shocking modern setting.
Previously, in articles in the trade publication PR Week, Ketchum, owned by the Omnicom Group, had defended itself, saying Mr. Williams was responsible for disclosing the payments.
To watch Mr. Smith on a program like "NBA Shootaround," which precedes ESPN's basketball games, is to grasp his appeal to the network.
ABC's Wednesday lineup -- new episodes of "Lost" and "Alias," along with the "Primetime Live" investigation into Fox's "American Idol" -- was No.
Lines at the Shawn Theater, Wednesday and Thursday, 8 p.m. $50; $45 for students, 65+ and children.
On sale now only in Saks stores, HarperCollins plans to distribute the $16.99 book nationwide in January as if it were any other children's picture book.
No picnics, any of them.
"I went to the coffee bar for a piece of apple pie, and John was standing there," Ms. Donohue remembered.
TRAVEL sites like Expedia, Travelocity and Orbitz already have their hands full with airlines and hoteliers -- their "valued partners" -- luring consumers away with sites that look more like full-service travel agencies every day.
Sprinkle with olive oil, the paprika oil and another dash of paprika.
9 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
And they buy them for as little as $20,000.
The study also breaks down the city's drinkers by age and race -- white New Yorkers in the most affluent neighborhoods are twice as likely as those in poor neighborhoods to drink excessively -- but does not address some of the historic intangibles that make those in one place more likely to drink than those in others.
Because of his fatal tardiness, W. now has to literally promise the moon to fix New Orleans and the rest of the Gulf Coast, driving up the federal deficit and embarking on the biggest spending bonanza and government public works program since F.D.R.
He offers the gallery not through just one ideological lens but through a binocular vision that reveals something more psychologically complex: a wedding of the sacred and the profane.
"Nothing makes as much money as a casino, especially a casino that enjoys a monopoly or oligopoly," as the casinos of Biloxi and Gulfport do, said I. Nelson Rose, an authority on the casino industry and the author of "Gambling and the Law."
Mark Jackson became John Starks, and Kenny Walker was replaced by Charles Oakley.
Feathers are excellent insulators, and tucking a foot into the body prevents heat loss.
-What does it look like?
The West German captain, Franz Beckenbauer, was not amused, publicly scolding his teammates and warning them to "stop fooling around," which they did, winning the final over a flamboyant team from the Netherlands.
Other women sang tough rock songs: in particular, Miranda Lambert, a raw-voiced 22-year-old singer, vowed fiery revenge in "Kerosene"; and the lead singer of Sugarland, Jennifer Nettles, belted a wish for "Something More."
And Marcello Giordani, with Don José, is coming into a role that should allow him to shine.
Maybe instead of thanks for the memory, it should be thanks for the misery.
"This was huge last year, about $20 billion.
A spokeswoman for the safety agency, Suzanne Bohnert, said it began withholding inspectors' notes because their release could "harm ongoing enforcement matters."
It has not been easy for Posada to decode the confusing grumbles and groans of Johnson.
VALERIE HERMAN, left, and KIMBERLY CUTTER.
Mr. Grassley, the chairman of the Finance Committee, said the United States welcomed imports of other goods and services, so, he asked, "Why not for pharmaceuticals?"
Dr. Chall would like to see the memorial staffed by volunteers like him who could lead tour groups.
Mr. Zucker also has high hopes for "Earl," which he says he believes will find a following because it turns on "the universal themes of karma and redemption."
But that doesn't mean it is without surprises -- one of which is the downright astonishing places and spaces where art is sometimes displayed.
-- "New York, New York."
While choreographers are essential to the art, dancers like Mr. Soto -- and they are few -- also define and redefine choreography with bold individuality and implicit collaboration.
Mr. Klein, a superb oboist, is no longer a member of the orchestra, his activities having been curtailed by focal dystonia, a repetitive-stress injury, in fingers of his left hand.
In the can is the fourth film in the Harry Potter franchise, for which he devised movement.
(Zip line rides can take as little as a few minutes, but the Ecotours experience is stretched out to two and a half hours to encompass natural history exhibits.)
Charles Di Bona, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein, said he thought that the merger would be far more difficult than Oracle indicated, and that incorporating another major product line into Oracle's development process would be a great challenge.
Ms. Simonin is aided in the kitchen by her chef de cuisine, Christian Bregnard.
One is that they do not take 25-cent bets; the minimum is 50 cents.
Weather Interpreted Weather applies to feelings, metaphors and quicksilver changes of light.
3 in the world, against No.
"I suppose fear is a rather good thing," he observed on the "Henderson" London set at Shepperton Studios last month.
HURRICANE WAIVERS -- Because of Hurricane Dennis, most domestic airlines are waiving penalties for changing flights to and from most airports in Florida.
The two ladies to my left, Lana and Michele, are from Montreal, and I have my first epiphany of the cruise: there are cool Canadians.
"His whole position has been that matters of the church should remain within the church," Mr. Pavey said.
"It's very likely that this may happen in China as well."
SOCCER Major League Soccer CHICAGO FIRE--Traded D-MF Kelly Gray to San Jose for a 2006 second-round draft pick.
I remember one glancing at the others.
Also, interactive graphics, a forum for reader responses and the series so far.
Much loved father of Rabbi Judah (and Lisa), Rabbi Avram (and Linda), Ben Zion (and Gail), and Noam.
We're agnostic about where people buy our product.
Mr. Aswat fell under suspicion early in the investigation because he had trained at camps for Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and had been a senior aide to Abu Hamza al-Masri, the blind militant cleric who preached vitriolic anti-Western sermons at the Finsbury Mosque in northern London.
Still, Konerko added, he would not have been surprised if he had been called out.
And be responsible by taking care of yourself, by taking care of others."
New Jersey's was next, at $56,356.
"I don't have a very good poker face," he said.
But to think that they are players in the private-equity game because we alums donated money that we thought would go to scholarships -- that's a bit painful.
The teenager Hannah Teter won the first two snowboard World Cup events in the halfpipe.
For this place, he was asking $129,000.
Classical music culture has been teaching us for a long time that if music can't stand alone, it can't be worth very much.
The fall membership drive met with lackluster results.
Nick Sweers, a Sprint spokesman, said that the company decided to acquire US Unwired not just to eliminate the objection to the merger, but also to add 505,000 new subscribers.
While uniformly higher standards have been imposed on all pupils, research and common sense suggest that pupils do best when encouraged to do moderately better than their current performance and less well when expectations are either too high or to low.
Mr. Brancato was driving and dropped Mr. Armento at the Arnow Place address before parking his car around the corner on Westchester Avenue.
They are extremely skinny, and they grow no taller than three or four feet.
"The Ethics Commission does have teeth, and does sanction those who stay around; the problem is we're missing a tooth or a molar, and when we ask the Legislature to assist, they don't," he says, signaling his irritation with a wave of ink-stained hands that come close, in spots, to matching his blue tie.
"And now I am a candidate to represent 34 provinces in Parliament," she said.
Getting this message across effectively, Mr. Pierce knows, takes a kind of expertise not readily available within the scholarly confines of an institution like the Morgan.
experience at all," he recalled, "so if we didn't put our own money on the line, no one else would trust us with theirs."
The announcement, coupled with another cut in its credit ratings, sent Refco's bonds into a tailspin, a sign that creditors believe the company will default.
0, for the number of minutes some critics said he would play in college at Arizona.
And then, referring to the 1994 Indian rebellion in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas, he added, "When our Indians try to make themselves seen, we kill them."
He simply wanted to go back to the land.
Bank and Lafayette Streets, Cape May.
Either Mr. Putin failed to consult beforehand, said one NATO country's ambassador, or he simply wanted to make a gesture of solidarity with the Palestinians.
The one-page, typewritten directive, dated Oct. 23, 1946, was discovered in a French church archive outside Paris and made available to The New York Times on the condition that the source would not be disclosed.
Like many of the pilgrims, Ms. Khadum blamed insurgents for the stampede.
Add 1 tablespoon oil to pan and raise heat to medium-high.
On March 20, "Toulouse-Lautrec and Montmartre," an exhibit organized by the National Gallery of Art in Washington and the Art Institute of Chicago, will open in Washington before traveling to Chicago in July.
Thousands of New Yorkers are registered on Web sites devoted to helping dancers find partners, and competitions like the Manhattan Amateur Classic, which drew 350 couples this year, can attract upward of 1,500 spectators.
"I couldn't get through the dust -- I couldn't see anything," said Mike Halliday, 43, of Riverside, Calif., who drove a Jimco-VW, its large exposed wheels designed for the desert course.
There is fierce competition for postdoctoral research positions in Dr. Bandosz's lab.
Soon he had a development deal with CBS and was talking to Fox Searchlight about a film adaptation of "Diary."
Huron Club at SoHo Playhouse, 15 Vandam Street, between Avenue of the Americas and Varick Street, (212) 691-1555.
The mechanical systems were poorly designed; the walls -- made of plaster board -- are so thin that they don't afford much privacy.
To the Editor: A 1,000-word treatise on Mallomars ("The Cookie That Comes Out in the Cold," news article, Dec. 8), but not a word about the proper way to eat this treat!
But he said he remembered the conversations on the court even better.
In retaliation, Comcast has replaced N.H.L.
"John Mack and I worked extremely hard to make the deal a merger of equals, which would result in a one-firm firm," said Mr. Purcell, borrowing Mr. Mack's favorite trope.
A crushing major depression lies in wait for Mark, if I fail to help him face whatever demons from the past drove him away from reality, to drugs.
The highway corporation accumulated $360 billion in debts building often unnecessary roads all over Japan.
What they have in common is their attempt to supply a single answer to the world's many problems.
CONSTITUTION PARK "Movies and Music Under the Stars," Blue Orchid Dance Orchestra.
"Ten years ago, the driving force behind the movies we show was Miramax," said Graham Leggat, who helps program screenings at Lincoln Center.
"Your life doesn't end when you have a child," said Angie Vieira Barocas, president of Bugaboo North America in New York.
After his riding career, Atkinson served as a racing steward on the Chicago circuit from 1960 to the mid-1970's, Ms. Metzler said.
He remains steadfast in his faith in a material that has survived in New Orleans over 200 years but that, he readily acknowledges, can virtually melt off the lath when exposed to water.
More dramatization of Ted's kindness and his killer instincts for finance.
On top of that, female entrepreneurs who do find outside capital sometimes pursue self-defeating business strategies, like spreading the money over several microbusinesses rather than concentrating on one.
"The truth is, you have no place else to go when your back is against the wall," he said.
Tagliabue, during a meeting yesterday with a group of editors and reporters of The New York Times, discussed the steroid problem and other issues.
The entrepreneurial ones decided that the best way to compete with European imports was to imitate them, in materials, form and décor.
But Dick DeGuerin, Mr. DeLay's chief lawyer, said, "We won more than they did," contending that the remaining charges would be "impossible to prove."
Private villas with pools begin at $1,660.
Mr. McBride said the company "felt pretty good about" how it screened the 83,000 images it processed for last fall's trial.
The saying "I wouldn't do that for all the tea in China" came to mean a refusal to do something even for a large and valuable payment.
Visiting Sunday and Monday, 2-4 and 7-9 PM, Clavin Funeral Home, 7722 4th Ave., Brooklyn.
"It's just a family," he said of his teammates.
Since then, the Ansar Brigade has taken responsibility for few such attacks.
Yet as told by Alex and Ms. Bebeshko in a small apartment that they share in a Coney Island housing project, Raisa's story offers raw material to tempt a Dostoevsky or a Dickens.
ZION, Ill., May 9 - Two second-grade girls who spent Sunday riding bikes around this working-class town on the edge of Lake Michigan were found dead of stab wounds in a densely forested park early Monday, in a crime the authorities described as "heinous" and "heart-rending."
Home builders who survived the last housing cycle insist they have learned their lessons and that even if a slowdown occurs, they will not be hurt as much.
Jeb Bush's office, the secretary of state, the Department of Education and other government entities that are routinely part of Mr. Vasilinda's news reports.
"I don't know if he could achieve that," he said, referring to Mr. Martins.
Pandit Krishna Pratap Dixit, a Hindu priest, officiated.
She learned of the attack on her way to work.
Explain that students, in pairs, will be researching, using available sources, enough information to create two scientist trading cards (using index cards): one on Albert Einstein and one on another scientist of note.
Mr. DeLay says he is a victim of political motivations on the part of Ronnie Earle, the Democratic prosecutor who obtained the indictment.
Abdul Wahab al-Adily, as saying that 10 bodies had been found here, and that relatives of the dead had told the authorities that the victims were returning from a visit to the Sayda Zeinab shrine in Damascus when they were attacked at a border crossing.
Scene for scene, "Serenity" is more engaging and certainly better written and acted than any of Mr. Lucas's recent screen entertainments.
Instruments and sheet music have entered the collections of institutions like the Smithsonian and the Institute of Jazz Studies at Rutgers University -- the country's greatest academic center for jazz studies -- which preserve them and make them available for scholars.
was "the sole and legitimate representative of the Palestinian people" -- specifically excluding Hamas and the other Islamists, like Islamic Jihad.
It was ROBERT MILLER, Arthur Miller's son by his first wife, MARY SLATTERY.
Your contagious laugh, your loyalty for your teams, your favorite response to me "go ask Janice", the sparkle in your eyes when you talked about your girls and your grandchildren.
Let them play and learn to get along with one another, and let's create a warm learning environment for them.
d. What does the prototype software developed by a Canadian company do?
And its 100,000-member union clings to decades-old privileges.
The students have also been suspended for 10 days from Daniel Hand High School.
"I'd say I am still a muse to Dwight, but there are others, which rightfully there should be," Mr. Richardson said.
But there is also a legal twist that often gives Congress a legitimate hook into baseball's inner workings: the 1922 exemption from antitrust laws that was granted to baseball by the United States Supreme Court.
North leader, in Minneapolis on Jan. 1.
While many lawmakers refrained from privately financed travel, Wednesday's disclosures show that some lawmakers took trips to resorts and exotic locations paid for by corporations, trade associations and partisan policy groups.
The number of people buying new policies has fallen, according to Limra International, an industry trade group in Windsor, Conn.
There is also a running disagreement over the statue's name.
The violence continued Wednesday night when a mortar hit a house in the Dora neighborhood, killing three children and an adult, an Interior Ministry official said.
A generous quantity of the green beans, or the Mediterranean medley (green peppers, zucchini, eggplant and onions in tomato sauce), both of which are also offered as main dishes, would have improved appearances and the nutritional balance.
Previous articles can be found on nytimes.com.
But speaking to reporters crammed into a hallway of the Raffles Hotel here after the elimination, the mayor said he had no regrets and offered only praise for the aide who led him down what ended up being a dead-end road of Olympic dreams, Deputy Mayor Daniel L. Doctoroff.
On Saturday and Sunday, the Shaw has 10 shows in three different theaters, and so far tickets are available for all.
Sooner or later, that bubble is going to burst and there will be overwhelming political support for deficit reduction, as there was in the 1980's and early 1990's.
Heredia, who has been complaining of numbness in his left hand, will have an aneurysm repaired in his left shoulder.
The recent announcement of next season's repertory brought better news: a new production of Donizetti's "Don Pasquale," with Ms. Netrebko partnered by the dashing Mr. Flórez.
The cushionlike pads between the vertebrae, called the intervertebral disks, dry out and grow thinner as people age, so that the vertebrae are closer together and the spine becomes shorter.
The new retail building and the nine-story 6 Landmark Square, whose glass-walled, two-story lobby, 14 bathrooms and elevator cabs are being renovated, mark the final stage of the improvement program.
With the executioner's clock ticking, a dogged and highly unlikely team of defense lawyers uncovered a pattern of sloppy police work and concealment of evidence that in the end freed Mr. Kyles after 14 years in prison.
Critics of the draft proposal say that in addition to restricting women's rights, it could also deepen the sectarian divide between Sunnis and Shiites.
They are expecting their first child in April.
The much larger Sanibel, roughly 12 miles long and 5 miles across at its widest, has a more open feeling even though it is extensively developed.
Yet the president has not, in his two speeches, defined the "murderous ideology" in any detail.
Two days later, the order was amended to permit him to help care for his children, according to the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department.
Newsboy caps: read all about it!
Law Proposed to Expand Service From a Texas Airport Two Texas congressmen introduced legislation that would repeal the 26-year-old Wright Amendment, which limits the states that airlines can serve from Love Field in Dallas.
I want people to know there is an evacuation plan that makes sense."
"Tony Soprano is an unorthodox hero," he explained.
I am moved by Powers's grave and lovingly respectful treatment of Twain's winding down.
To much of the world, and to much of Iran, Mr. Ahmadinejad, 49, is an unknown figure, a man who seemed to rise out of nowhere to become a credible presidential candidate.
This band has spent the last decade perfecting a heavily digressive approach, incorporating the growl and crunch of death-metal alongside the wispy atmospherics of black-metal; saw-toothed guitar riffs melt into mournful acoustic guitar passages.
Armstrong, who turns 34 in September, said he would not reverse his decision to retire.
Reformists believe that the problem starts from the earliest years in school, because the Ministry of Education has set its goal as promoting the glory and proud heritage of Islamic civilization, which began here.
Jewels may abound, but they may also be overlooked out of sheer exhaustion.
But now, she said, "I'm living one."
So, while he will be the host and narrator of the entire series, Mr. Spurlock is the subject of only one episode -- the June 15 series debut, in which he and Ms. Jamieson spend 30 days trying to live on the minimum wage in Columbus, Ohio.
The monks here live a hermit-like existence, which they share with a small number of visitors.
The second book doesn't have that gossipy draw, and it remains to be seen whether Ms. Weisberger's name alone is enough to begin a collection of novels.
"Mark deserves a lot of credit for bringing some energy to this organization and this city," Nash said.
The White House weighed in on Mr. DeLay on Monday, when a spokesman, Scott McClellan, was asked if the president still had confidence in Mr. DeLay.
On Sept. 18, his stepdaughter, Yvette Martinez, 27, a mother of two girls, and Mr. Cisneros's daughter, Brenda, who was celebrating her 23rd birthday, disappeared after attending a concert by the Mexican pop star Pepe Aguilar in Nuevo Laredo.
A nearly abstract photograph of Queen Victoria's gun target could have been made by Paul Strand in 1916 or Walker Evans in the 1930's.
to allow multicasting, or multiple digital channels of different quality for existing stations.
She died right after he invented the light bulb."
Hank Sheinkopf, a New York Democratic strategist, said that the lessons of Los Angeles applied in New York and elsewhere, but only to a point.
But some Republican members of Congress were even more boorish, threatening Major League Baseball with dire consequences if it sold the Washington Nationals to the group that includes George Soros, a financier and philanthropist who spent some of his millions trying to defeat President Bush last year.
Most of the cities of southern Iraq have fallen under the sway of the same Shiite political parties that make up the ruling coalition in Baghdad, one that many people believe has a good chance at capturing a majority of Assembly seats in the elections scheduled for December.
She said, "We could hire somebody to --" "Don't worry about it," I said.
A group show that reflects the sprawl and vitality of the Los Angeles art scene is also so desperately crowded that it seems superfluous, especially given the high profiles of half of the 48 artists.
His losing streak didn't end until the Mets defeated the Florida Marlins on July 28, 1993.
One of our teams learned that a driver demanded kickbacks from others he had recommended.
Where the punch lines go?"
has a different role, because D.H.S.
After allowing the Bucks 19 offensive rebounds and 29 second-chance points, the Nets gave up 11 offensive rebounds and 14 second-chance points against the Raptors.
Mr. Ji and Mr. Ni struck a deal in 2001.
MR. CLINTON recognized her not only as a top undergraduate at the University of California, Los Angeles, but also because two years earlier, at 17, she founded Women and Youth Supporting Each Other in Los Angeles, where she was born.
Germany has worried about the re-emergence of militant Islamic groups here since 2001, when Hamburg was used as a base for the hijackers.
It can be excessively corroded, particularly around the rear cross member."
Mr. Nixon was charged with disturbing the peace.
The story, written by Tom DeFalco, includes facts on domestic violence and a resource guide to help victims of abuse.
Politically this was easy to explain -- Ms. Moskowitz is a critic of the mayor and has her own political ambitions.
Urban parishes composed of working-class Irish, Italians and Poles have become home to working-poor Hispanics and African-Americans.
The bride and the bridegroom, both 26, graduated from West Point, where they met.
A front-page article on May 29 about plans by the Department of Homeland Security to test a defense system aboard airliners to locate and disable shoulder-fired missiles misstated the year that an Airbus A300 cargo plane was struck by a missile on takeoff from Baghdad.
If the dollar falls to its weakest levels since the early 1970's in Europe, the euro would be worth about $1.45, meaning that a 200 euro dinner in Paris would cost $290.
Editors of The Times have repeatedly said that Mr. Zhao never provided any state secrets to the newspaper.
Born Hildegarde Loretta Sell in Adell, Wis., to German immigrant parents, she began her career in Milwaukee at the age of 16 when, as a music student at Marquette University, she played the piano in a silent movie house.
Transferred RHP Carlos Almanzar from the 15- to the 60-day DL.
agent from Flagstaff is called.
"In an accident-type situation, most people don't do enough," said Matt Mullins, an instructor at the BMW Performance Center.
"Search for the Ultimate Survivor" presents recent revisions to the old ape-to-man version of the development of humankind while spending exactly zero time on religious or other objections to the theory of evolution.
Now, his departure may bring A.I.G.
Mr. Wood was ordered held last night in $10,000 bail.
's announcement on Jan. 12 that it will discontinue the skip-stop service as of May was the result of that re-evaluation.
In 2003 researchers at Children's Memorial Hospital in Chicago examined 293 pediatric skin preparations and found that one in four contained common allergenic foods like milk, soy, wheat, eggs and tree nuts.
At the height of his popularity in the late 1920's, he staffed his Hollywood mansion with Chinese servants and cruised Central Avenue in a $16,000 pink Rolls-Royce that featured his name on the back in neon.
As 11th-hour ploys go in Congress, the Republican leadership lowered the bar into the permafrost by ignoring rules and slapping Alaskan oil drilling onto a must-pass bill to pay for the Iraq war.
The Rockies' shortstop is Clint Barmes, not Barnes.
In Hamden, groups with dozens of teenagers on bikes also became commonplace.
There is another reason to believe in him, Wright said.
Far western Anbar was in recent years dominated by two tribes, both of which were participating in the anti-American insurgency, military officials said.
For example, satellites were able to detect a swelling of the South Sister volcano in central Oregon in 2001.
"Mike Bloomberg's campaign posters could make it here.
8 Penn State (6-0) at Michigan (3-3) 3:30 P.M., ABC (Regional) Penn State is in the national title hunt for the first time since 1999.
For example, people who had cancer might remember their diets differently.
"We have to follow the game plan, A through Z. I think if they did nothing but learn that, I think we'll be all right."
What is your workshop philosophy?
But what about the Northeastern myth -- that rail works there only because of the spacing of the cities?
"We continue to contend there was no infringement of any kind."
"The police had no power to enforce the hukou laws."
Gabriel lived just two hours.
Why should this be so, with Broadway not exactly lacking in high-spirited musicals?
Etgar Keret is the most famous young writer in Israel.
Doctors have 10 percent of their salary withheld to cover unexpected expenses, and whatever is left each year is divided among them, depending on their scores on a performance report card.
On Friday, Marbury expressed his support for Brown in a radio interview.
No meal is complete without a tall glass of it.
You'll be able to use your membership card interchangeably worldwide at any of the 90 locations of Northwest WorldClubs, Delta Crown Room Club or Continental Presidents Club when flying any of the three airlines.
Rob Wolf, 40, who works for a legal research institute in Manhattan, often buys tickets online for himself, his partner and his 7-year-old son, but then is disappointed if the show does not sell out.
For Mr. Katz, the problem with the cleaning schedule is clear.
Meanwhile, the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women was preparing to endorse Ms. Fields this afternoon at City Hall -- a show of support that could add some momentum to her bid to become the city's first woman mayor.
It is too early to tell whether hiring these lawyers will stem the tide of corruption scandals on Wall Street that have marred the industry and shaken investors' trust in recent years, or whether they will be largely window dressing.
"Iraq's future will either embolden terrorists and expand their reach and ability to re-establish a caliphate, or it will deal them a crippling blow," he said.
If not, seeds for underachievement are sown.
At 18, Naipaul left Trinidad on a scholarship to University College, Oxford, and has lived in England ever since.
"With the integration of textile products, it's natural that we should enjoy this right," he said of China's export expansion after the quotas ended, a measure agreed to by the parties to the trade agreement years before.
I remember wearing black pencil skirts and knee-high black suede boots.
President Lyndon B. Johnson cited the supposed attack to persuade Congress to authorize broad military action in Vietnam, but most historians have concluded in recent years that there was no second attack.
It was, as well, a time when camp was coming out of the gay underground, emerging as a mainstream commodity with phenomena like the "Batman" television show and the Glam Rock movement.
"Part of the fun is that you just don't know what the book is going to be," said Katherine Minton, Symphony Space's director of literary programs.
Other prelates have cooperated with criminal prosecutors as the American church has reeled with disclosures that led to the dismissals of more than 700 rogue priests in a three-year period.
GREEN BAY PACKERS--Signed WR Jamal Jones and CB Jerron Wishom to the practice squad.
Now, technology has put public health officials in a quandary: which problem to address.
"I would compare him more to Scottie Pippen than Tracy," Walsh said of Green.
Meanwhile, he is also on the board of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
The Rbk sub-brand is focused on life style through the deals brokered by Mr. Stoute that paired Rbk with hip-hop artists like Jay-Z and 50 Cent; Mr. Stoute and Translation signed another artist, Nelly, for Rbk.
The next month, the commission complied, approving six hybrid models, including the Ford Escape, for use by any medallion owner, not just the three Russians.
His two security guards brushed the masqueraders out of his way to the exit.
Mr. Gitai, 55, was trained as an architect, following in the footsteps of his father, Munio Weinraub, who worked with Mies van der Rohe after studying at the Bauhaus and took the name Gitai when he came to Israel.
"They're in some office, some showroom," he said.
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert, Republican of Illinois, denied that there were any political tricks involved and said pulling forces out of Iraq so rashly would hurt troop morale overseas.
Ms. Carey's song "We Belong Together" is No.
Now, if North had to respond two no-trump to show his game-invitational strength, his partnership would be fixed.
The payments are tied to the book value of A.I.G.
It was a long way from Class AAA Columbus, where Small spent the first half of the season earning $13,000 a month and contemplating retirement at age 33.
It is Sunny Isles Beach, not Sunny Isles.
(Lazard's lawyers, alas, would not let Mr. Arrow talk to me for this column.)
His left eye and timing are still not quite right.
But some politicians have expressed resistance to having a member of the alliance, even a Sunni, take on the job of assembly speaker, because the alliance already dominates the assembly and is expected to secure the post of prime minister.
Gasp, the physicist dared to diminish football's importance to the size of a particle.
Djokovic called the second timeout in the fourth set when Monfils was cruising.
Mr. Koch, his tie still unknotted and his shirt unbuttoned, grabbed it.
But the fund industry has historically shied away from shorting stocks.
In "Algonquin Park, September" the only sign of life in a misty shot of lake and mountains is a tiny canoe with two figures, making its way across the water and the screen.
The states of California, Massachusetts, Maryland and Pennsylvania were involved in the settlement.
But the ancient town is also a popular destination for Palestinians, who have begun to return.
Welles's sinister character peers down from the Ferris wheel in Vienna and cynically proclaims, "In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.
IN January, six firefighters, trapped on the fourth floor of a Bronx building by a flareup in the fire they were fighting, saw their options for escape evaporate.
"There was nothing for the people to do here."
And I tell you, for us, this song, this movie, it felt like a window in this windowless room we had been stuck in, this bloody Balkan room without any exit, and we recognized a way out.
Groundbreaking is scheduled for Oct. 3.
Manager Joe Torre said he hoped Sturtze would miss only one game.
Another requires that schools receive at least 10 percent of their income from sources other than government aid.
(Chinen) ARTHUR KELL QUARTET (Tuesday) On "Traveller" (Fresh Sound New Talent), the bassist and composer Arthur Kell delivers a searching strain of modern jazz; he has worthy partners here in the saxophonist Donny McCaslin, the guitarist Steve Cardenas and the drummer Gerald Cleaver.
In overturning a ruling by a federal appeals court that the disabilities act does not apply to foreign ships, which make up most of the American cruise market, the court offered a splintered rationale for its conclusion that major physical alterations were to be exempted.
Now 59 years old, he grew up waving at locomotive engineers from his bedroom window.
"Of course I want to shoot a lower score, but I'm really happy the way it turned out."
Even John Noonan Jr., an appeals court judge appointed by President Reagan, has said these new rules -- which Justice Scalia eagerly embraces -- reduce Congress to the level of an "administrative agency."
This is not a tough experience.
But Army and Marines officials said these teams, which include senior sergeants and officers up to the rank of colonel, have been cobbled together from various commands, including staff jobs in Washington and training positions around the United States and Europe, and dispatched to Iraq for yearlong tours.
Flood remains in charge of village affairs.
Services Sunday, 10 a.m., Plaza Funeral Home, 91 Street and Amsterdam, Manhattan.
"I was afraid people would realize these ads were worthless."
Mr. Wall and Mr. Morris, who handle the renting themselves, also offer prearrival delivery of rental skis, groceries and liquor as well as complimentary transportation in Beaver Creek.
Mr. Wendel, 34, is a freelance associate producer for television documentaries.
Correction Appended In their more scholarly moments, archaeologists may speak earnestly of settlement patterns and cultural transitions, the analytical thrusts of their research.
Facing a team for the second or third time, pitchers roughly matched their average performance, Click found.
Spectators were deprived of anything to watch other than periodic mass games featuring events like tug of war.
While the S4 shifted with silky perfection, the C55 responded more rapidly to demands for power -- delivered either by tromping the accelerator or by touching the SpeedShift buttons on the steering wheel.
The rules, however, do permit former officers to advise and represent military contractors, and that, government watchdog groups say, is a far more subtle -- and quietly powerful -- use of their status.
When I went to court to testify, I felt nauseated from the first moment.
Stars recorded tribute discs, and audiences couldn't seem to get enough of Piazzolla's ingenious hybrid: the nuevo tango, which preserved the genre's smoldering eroticism and aching melancholy while updating its substance and form.
"How sad is my fate," the boy, Aidil Azehal, wrote, adding that his father and sister were missing.
Memorial service Saturday, February 12 at Noon in Veronique Ball Room, 20 Chapel St, Brookline, MA.
A hot, angry mob of photographers stood pressed together yesterday on a platform in Times Square, shouting orders at a tiny old lady.
In the months after the bombing, the city also becomes an out and out police state.
Mr. Bohan said that more than $47,000 had been donated and that he had received at least $10,000 more in pledges.
He had a typical F.B.I.
He then lived in India, Africa and Israel before emigrating with his family to the United States in 1953 These days he runs a studio with 105 staff members in Manhattan, where he makes it his business to paint every day, eat a vegan diet, practice yoga and hold charity events for favorite causes like animal protection.
Sebastian Cordero directed this Spanish-language feature, which counts Guillermo del Toro and Alfonso Cuarón among its producers.
I think the lines get blurry."
Tony Kanaan, another driver for Andretti, started the race from the pole position and led for 54 of the first 146 laps.
In her book of reminiscences with recipes, Liz's own juicy dish is spiced with bons mots from the masters.
Nov. 26, 1 to 5 p.m.
A huge part of the scenery was an island chain organized in the shape of either a pineapple or a fern (which should serve to illustrate how truly stupid my question was).
The deficit numbers also added to the rumors that John W. Snow, the treasury secretary, would be replaced.
Meanwhile, city officials are holding on to Mr. Schwarzenegger's honorary citizenship ring, which arrived from the governor during the holidays.
While the judge thanked the jury for its attention to detail, Mr. Shelton rubbed his face and eyes, looking morose.
And that is part of the key to Jordi Savall's success: in addition to being the pre-eminent violist da gamba of the day, he surrounds himself with superb performers, including several members of his family.
"You have glistening shiny bits, and you also have untextured pieces, very flat and cottony and just very everyday."
The Homeland Security budget-related legislation still requires Senate approval.
He created one called "One Shot a Day," in which he played a round of golf by taking a single shot each day.
THE SCRIPT -- Several people are shown, each delivering a brief message: Property taxes are outrageous.
Their flaming arms couldn't reach me.
I'm glad I didn't waste any time."
He testified on Thursday that he had left the Humvee where Mr. Jamadi was being held for 20 minutes and returned only when the last photograph was being taken.
The code also said that all company ads will inform poor patients that assistance programs are available to help them get medications.
After a few years of crisis, the Berliner Ensemble, created by Bertolt Brecht, is now pulling in the crowds with mainstream programming.
He laughed a throaty laugh, his lips parted to reveal a full white smile.
EDGE Edge / (ej) / n. / the line of intersection of two surfaces; the state of being highly tense, nervous or irritable: taking my shoes and socks off at the airport leaves me on edge.
He pushed at Woods the hardest at St. Andrews, eliciting roars around every bend of the Old Course.
Served on the Board of Governors of the New York Section of the American Camping Association.
The hosts "usually have a passion about fine wine," he said as he prepared a dinner for 10 at the estate of Edward Murphy in Potomac, Md., in September, "and we build a really memorable menu around the wine."
Mr. Cook has also just finished shooting a pilot for his own sitcom, "Cooked," with Sony Pictures Television.
His restaurant, like him, is a survivor, and it has adapted, but not so very much.
The women were upstairs in a newly built 10,400-square-foot house in Armonk -- one of those featured on the annual tour benefiting the Byram Hills Preschool Association -- and in the accompanying guidebook, the closet that generated their exclamations of amazement was labeled "the lady's dressing room."
When he asked for help, he carried a cellphone, surreptitiously keeping a line open to Mr. Shin, who recorded the encounter.
Mr. Venditto estimated that it would cost about $1 million to replace the marina structure and the equipment destroyed by the fire.
Michael, a brilliant and worry-prone do-gooder dot-commer, is on antidepressants that have made him anorgasmic.
Create an independent commission to reassess all New York real estate, to equalize the tax burden on commercial, rental, co-op and condo owners and tenants.
It has long been obvious that there is no military solution to the insurgency.
Our lives would flow together, twin streams merging into a single river."
But Mr. Voight took reporter assault to an entirely new level.
Ten months after he laid the cornerstone for what is envisioned as the centerpiece of the site and declared, "Today we build the Freedom Tower," the governor announced this week that the tower was being sent back to the drawing board to address safety concerns raised by the New York Police Department.
We don't dare plan events unless the author grew up in the community, has lots of friends here or is a local."
It specializes in upscale, health-minded cuisine, with an emphasis on fresh ingredients and natural cooking methods; you'll smell the wood-burning grill when you arrive.
By contrast, AstraZeneca's total sales of Nexium and Prilosec were close to $6 billion last year, about the same as the peak sales of Prilosec in 2000.
A City of Storytelling -- and a Little Hope There's a reason that New Orleanians often turn out to be as distinctive as their homes.
Glasnost, Wal-Mart is starting to learn, can be unsettling.
Brad Gilbert doesn't spend Roddick's money anymore, but likes delivering lines to any camera crew within his area code -- or into any mirror in his hotel room, for that matter -- breathlessly talking about the superstar he once coached to fame.
But now that Wal-Mart vies with Exxon Mobil as the largest company in the country, with more employees than the United States Army, the worm has turned.
Cup-holder ubiquity has reached the extreme in the Volvo XC90 sport-utility vehicle, which has 18 beverage holders -- nine for standard cups and nine to hold large bottles.
He recommended contacting the concierges at the city's finer hotels, most of whom have limo services on call.
"If someone marches into my office with normal kidney function and demands dialysis, I am not required to offer that."
We've got to find other ways to fulfill the mission that Congress gave us."
But to me, none of his behavior seems seriously ambivalent.
Foreign journalists in Bangladesh are followed by intelligence agents; people that reporters interview are questioned afterward.
They then continued on their vacation.
Complimented on a combination wooden chair-caricature of Humphrey Bogart in Sam Spade mode, he reveals it belonged to "a hedge fund guy" who felt it didn't make the proper office décor statement.
The Bills ran four plays on their opening possession that day.
The technology used to make the signs also has changed.
"That 70's Show," a loving lampoon of the disco era, went on the air in 1998.
Right now, the only significant source of electricity in the U.S. that does not involve carbon emissions is hydropower.
David Asher, a financial planner who is on the board of advisors, said that since he became involved in the Time Dollar program and got to know some Hispanics, he started shopping at the local bodega when he needs a quart of milk.
Two months ago at the Masters, he finished 47th at 10-over-par 298.
"And we don't think that right now."
Guests included Mr. Parker and David Diamond, the board chairman.
"The Key Air case is simple, it's self-contained and it doesn't force the feds to reveal a lot about the government's case in regards to other people," he said.
Some do not even have a place to call home.
A sensitive and long-suffering alcoholic, Kitty was portrayed with touching vulnerability by the mezzo-soprano Kristine Jepson, though her diction was frustratingly mushy.
But there are moments when you sit out on your lawn and wonder, Why do I feel so empty inside?
Or the myopic bookworm Burgess Meredith breaking his glasses after a nuclear holocaust in "Time Enough at Last."
She is jaded to that by now."
Tonight they do a routine inspired by "Flashdance" to get the co-op board's approval.
In interviews, people have described the process of looking for the names of lost family members on that list as a bittersweet journey into a different time.
The White House is pressing Mr. Chafee, a moderate who is often at odds with his party, to vote in favor.
Turn Smart kits will sell for about $180, beginning next month.
"I'm used to shows closing and then moving on," Mr. Fisher says.
GREENBURGH, N.Y., Dec. 24 - Moved by whimsy or by the Knicks' recent tailspin, the personnel pendulum in Coach Larry Brown's head swung from youth to experience again Friday night, this time pushing Channing Frye back to the bench.
"He was at high risk and was at risk of re-injuring.
Makeup artists like Trish McEvoy, Bobbi Brown, Laura Mercier and François Nars -- who first achieved acclaim in magazines and on designer runways -- have become popular names with their own products.
We will learn more about inflation prospects from tomorrow's report on producer prices and Friday's data on consumer prices.
"There are questions about both the value and the privacy implications of massive video surveillance in the subways," said Donna Lieberman, its executive director.
Paumanok Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon $16 North Fork 2001 ** [Rating: Two Stars] Smoky fruit and spice flavors, light-bodied and pleasing.
There, Madame Pele is the ultimate developer, churning out new (if not quite ready-to-build) real estate every year.
That attachment paid off for Louisiana, in money and relief supplies, after Hurricane Katrina, and on Friday it took a more symbolic turn in the form of a quick but apparently heartfelt visit to this stricken city by the French minister of culture, Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres.
The 1970 film was directed by Vittorio De Sica.
Sensitive to the impression that it was relying too heavily on outside military forces and wanting to assert control over the relief operation, the government set a deadline of March 26 -- three months after the tsunami struck -- but said it hoped to phase out the foreign troops even earlier.
"To see the amazing positions we get into, that really is quite inspiring."
Now you have all the major cup companies from across the country making them.
That is a big reason for gold's high price today.
Syracuse (24-5, 11-4) is good, but perhaps not good enough to win a national championship, and the same can be said of UConn (20-6, 12-3).
The first, through Jan. 9, is "Renoir/Renoir," presented with the Musée d'Orsay, which draws parallels between the work of the Impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir and that of his son, the great director Jean Renoir.
The survey by OPEN found that 40 percent of businesses absorbed the higher costs while 26 percent raised prices and 33 percent reduced their energy use to offset price increases.
Two things stand out in Murphy's account.
Mr. Dillon declined to comment for this article.
The Blazers led by 52-42 at halftime, having buried the Knicks with a flurry of 3-pointers from Damon Stoudamire, who went 4 for 8 from long range, and with high-flying baskets from Travis Outlaw (12 points).
No one is allowed to toss out whole peaches or to cut in line.
Cornell ranked third with $386 million, a 22 percent increase.
"My first couple of years, I just felt like I was a whipping boy," said Kinney, a five-year veteran and one of the league's rising stars at tight end.
The question weighed more heavily on the Jets' John Abraham than his added bulk or Tuesday morning's onerous humidity.
"In my religion, you're supposed to get the consent of the faith.
Half the applicants to Grace are not accepted, many because they fail the test, said Noreen Haider, admissions manager of the school, whose founders included W.R. Grace, the maritime mogul who served two terms as mayor of New York in the 1880's.
The ball was hit so hard and so high that Floyd lost it in the blue sky and gazed up as if he were watching a fireworks display.
Thus the case did not result in court-ordered racial integration of the city and suburban schools.
To Mr. Bernicke, a couple who spend $40,000 in their first year of retirement may not need to spend as much when they are in their 80's.
Palmeiro presumably has a copy of the agreement.
The Renaissance Charleston Hotel, 68 Wentworth Street, (843) 534-0300, www.marriott.com/chsbr, is a charming 166-room hotel that features PlayStations, a state-of-the-art fitness center, a rooftop outdoor heated pool and a central location.
JOHN W. KENNEDY JR. MEMORIAL HOCKEY TOURNAMENT, JAN. 16, 2005.
Parenting today is also largely about training children to compete -- in school and on the soccer field -- and the kinds of attributes they need to be competitive are precisely those that help break down society's civility.
Revenue from carrying the mail was important, so the railroad sought to have a post office built near its new station.
To the Editor: I watched Alberto R. Gonzales at the Senate Judiciary Committee hearings as he continually refused to answer or evaded questions about whether or not he supported torture.
New Jersey was the first to be hit by the storm.
The officials said they had seriously considered whether their trip might actually do more harm than good by diverting personnel and clogging crowded airfields.
One common way to assess an audience's worth is by looking at how much money media buyers are willing to pay to reach a thousand people in an audience demographic.
Dr. Davis agreed that "just slapping special shoes on your feet won't help."
Nobody would have faulted him had he not gone out.
In fact, one can almost imagine her as David when a stranger doesn't thank her for holding the door: "Finally, you HATE the person," she flames.
(Sinagra) JOHN PRINE (Wednesday) An American original, Prine is among Cole Porter with pop's greatest rhymers and with Bob Dylan among its most articulate sidelong storytellers.
Elsewhere, apartment dwellers just tip their receptionists, residential managers, concierges and security guards according to local practice and get on with life.
In most important ways, the FCX feels ready for prime-time combat on the world's roads.
An internationally recognized leader, he served as President of both the American Academy of Neurology and the American Neurological Association.
"If it hadn't been for Link Wray and 'Rumble,' I would have never picked up a guitar."
The text says that Jack loved seeing his sister early in the mornings, but the picture shows a huge and all-powerful monster with blank kewpie-doll features picking up SuperJack's bed in one hand, whipping the blankets away with the other, while he clings to his pillow in square-jawed anguish.
Macy's has been replaced by a huge mixed-used development called City Center, with a 35-story rental tower, One City Place, already built, and a twin condominium tower, bearing the Trump name, still rising.
American officials proposed that the fund cut back on its loans for specific projects in low-income countries while playing a more aggressive role in pressuring countries -- implicitly China, though it was not cited by name -- that may be manipulating their exchange rates.
In the classrooms, the voices of children can be heard shouting out their lessons.
Now it's in line with the rest of the state, offering $4, while the newer New Jersey program, is the most generous in the New York metropolitan area, with incentives of $5.50 a watt.
This consensus view was challenged a few years ago by Elizabeth Gould of Princeton, who reported finding new neurons in the cerebral cortex, along with the elegant idea that each day's memories might be recorded in the neurons generated that day.
"You had to grow things, so my grandmother's brother had a huge botanical garden.
He has lost six pounds in the last week, the doctors said.
Mr. Ratner argues that Mr. Barnett's proposal underestimates the amount of work that must be done to make the project work.
American commanders said they had not yet determined the cause of the crash and had found no immediate signs that the helicopter had been shot down.
He was a radio operator for the United States Maritime Service, from 1943 to 1945.
They would buy patterns of the top couture, but they could not have similar styles for sale to American women until the next season.
"It is going to hurt in terms of wages."
The Jets moved quickly: Four hours after announcing Hackett's departure, Mike Heimerdinger was hired to replace him.
Media Studies- Watch and review one or more movies that feature robots, such as “Robots” (2005), “I Robot” (2004), “Artificial Intelligence: AI” (2001), “Tron” (1982), “2001: A Space Odyssey” (1968), or “Forbidden Planet” (1956).
worker visited their home in Burlington County in response to an animal abuse complaint.
Here the front of a piece of case furniture is divided into three sections, with a concave or "blocked in" central element flanked by two "blocked out" convex ones.
Before being captured Saturday, the police said, Mr. Nichols also shot and killed an off-duty federal customs official, David Wilhelm.
Actually, it peaked in 2001 at just over 45 percent, and with the premium at more than 40 percent today, a four-year college degree is still a solid investment.
The Campbell Soup Company of Camden recently settled with Mr. Facenda's family for intentionally mimicking his voice in a Chunky Chili commercial last year.
A friend of mine delivered his ex-girlfriend's clothes to the Hell's Kitchen Salvation Army in a Duane Reade bag after a particularly nasty breakup.
Even the turtles are coming back; one villager near Tangalle proudly showed me flags marking where the massive reptiles recently laid eggs.
Austria backs Croatia's bid to join and is unhappy the union is to start talks with Turkey first.
Set in Fitzwater's native Kansas in 1911 and based on a real case, it tells the story of a "bright-eyed, full-figured" school teacher, Margaret Chambers, who attracts the attention of the local menfolk.
This year, he has been anointed as the town Republican committee's candidate for supervisor.
"With concerted effort and the technology in play, we will be taking on the environmental challenge aggressively," Mr. Lambert of Suncor said.
Unlike a dozen other states, Connecticut has decided to keep the death penalty on the books, but has shown little inclination to use it.
But perhaps as interesting is the fact that the culture that dominates Mrs. Clinton's political organization is strikingly different from the rollicking atmosphere that seemed to characterize her husband's administration, where turf battles were common and top aides frequently served up morsels of news to reporters to promote their agenda and consolidate power.
Troopers who are not on football detail consider sideline work a perk, Byrd said.
On Halloween 2001, the United States Treasury said it would no longer issue a 30-year bond.
1, with more than 20 percent of Long Island deposits, followed by J. P. Morgan Chase with about 14 percent and Citibank with about 10 percent.
Consider the variety of opportunities provided by the melting of polar ice in the Arctic by reading and discussing the article, “As Polar Ice Turns to Water, Dreams of Treasure Abound.” 3.
"This is a good time of year to do it," Ms.
Signs of the Internet's growing power in China came this spring during a wave of popular demonstrations against Japan in which organizers relied heavily on private Web pages, blogs and mass cellphone messages to mobilize protesters.
The Energy Department reported yesterday that domestic gasoline production fell to an average 8.7 million barrels a day last week, a decline of 255,000 barrels compared with the prior week.
The resulting folkloric group grope has nothing to do with linear narrative, traditional dialogue or conventional theater, and is virtually unrecognizable as the tale of Elektra, daughter of Klytaimnestra and Agamemnon, who, along with her brother, Orestes, kills their mother.
"One is that something devastating has happened to the run.
He said employees worked around the clock to remodel the space for the city's Office of Emergency Management, which is in charge of the overall operation.
SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS--Signed WR Marcus Maxwell, TE Erik Jensen, C Norm Katnik, DE Scott Scharff, OT Harvey Dahl, CB Michael Harden and OT Sam Wilder to the practice squad.
THIS is no trivial concern.
It wasn't clear it was going to work," he said.
"Saddam, he's finished," said Mr. Saleh, the government employee.
In reality, her comments were hardly distinguishable from others she made in the past.
Running back Jerome Bettis (sore calf) will not play.
The two have not resolved their differences.
"God, I think I've said that everywhere I've been," Brown said, chuckling.
David Johnston's script touches on the trial and fills out an invented biography that gives the play a satisfying arc.
And it wasn't only in South Kivu that peacekeepers had taken the fight to the enemy.
In a news conference outside the courthouse, Christopher's father and other relatives warned parents to be cautious about giving their children psychoactive drugs.
"It is, by multiple orders of magnitude, more restrictive than what exists in any other state," Orin S. Kramer, a hedge fund manager who is the council's chairman, said at the meeting on Thursday.
The enforcement tactics angered some parents and teenagers, who argued that hefty fines for violations such as riding in the wrong direction were overkill.
"I think the president visiting had something to do with the power coming back on," she said.
chants last Sunday when James made the biggest free throws against Dallas and assisted on the biggest baskets to turn a close game into a rout.
CLEVELAND BROWNS -- Signed OL Marcus Spears to a one-year contract.
"I got to go to Brooklyn College for free, which was about what I could afford," he said.
5:30 p.m., Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, (212)581-3080; $30, with a $10 minimum.
The rod has been coiled into the main gallery at Sean Kelly in Chelsea, creating a new kind of walk-in drawing in space that also resembles a messily coiled Slinky in a very tight box.
His record of victories in mayoral contests has been unequaled.
But with no three-way agreement between the three top leaders, nothing can change.
On Wednesday, Palestinians watched Israeli Jews forcibly evict other Israeli Jews, who struggled and wept over their homes and what they saw as a devastating new chapter in the Jewish people's own story of dispossession, of loss.
In the playoffs, Pennington completed 66.7 percent of his passes, with two touchdowns and an interception.
In the 1950's, children would engage in more benign pranks -- ringing doorbells and running away, for instance, or toilet-papering their neighbors' trees.
The victory was Florida's first on the road since an overtime victory over Pittsburgh on Oct. 25.
The incinerator is licensed to burn more than 900,000 tons of trash a year -- all of it, for now, locally produced.
The show's omniscient narration from the grave, recalling a device used in the Oscar-winning 1999 film "American Beauty," will continue to be provided by Mary Alice (Brenda Strong).
Often a spokesman and leader of the industry, he advocated tort reform, coordinated a bailout of the car insurer Geico in 1975, and persuaded several insurers to underwrite the makers of swine flu vaccine, who were otherwise reluctant to produce it for widespread distribution.
"It will do neither," he said, adding that approving the drug now would be an "absolute disservice" to patients by making it harder to conduct new clinical trials.
"At $100 a night, how long can you stay here?"
Mr. Perelman's lawyers said that Morgan Stanley had purposefully violated court orders by not turning over evidence that it requested, putting it at a legal disadvantage.
The first place he went was the Corniche, the city's riverbank walkway.
As a result, they said, the debate was not likely to alter the dynamics of the race.
If we had, she would not have officiated.
WITH the hopeful already lining up to compete in an ''Apprentice''-like reality show for a job in Martha Stewart's media empire, it's a good time to take a look at what the reality may be like.
Mr. Rumsfeld told students and faculty members at the Academy of Military Sciences here that China's neighbors were worried about its decision to expand its missile forces, and to increase their range.
Moses & Singer LLP mourns the passing of our client and friend.
These proposals aren't ready for prime time.
"In this information-seeking America, I can't think of anyone who would elect to build a books-only library," said Fred Heath, vice provost of the University of Texas Libraries in Austin.
SANCTUARY AT UNION VILLAGE METHODIST CHURCH Susan Werner with Jeremy Wallace.
Research the principles of statistics that would help an epidemiologist extrapolate from the three case studies of the patients from the New York Times article to the population at large of the United States.
If the seminary is allowed to proceed with its proposal, it will be able to continue rescuing the most beautiful and historic part of Chelsea.
Ms. Cooke had eight children with her husband, a construction worker whom she was ordered to marry when she was 16 and he was 22.
In its most popular incarnation, baton twirling remains, of course, playtime for little girls, a relic of John Philip Sousa-esque Americana, which is one reason the competitive version of the sport still seems to be wallowing in the pretelevision time warp that has kept it insulated and obscure.
Kenya and Burkina Faso have also apparently reduced the prevalence of the disease.
Newspaper polls have suggested that the overwhelming majority of Mexicans oppose the panel's recommendation.
"They were fingering, like, 25, 30 at a time," recalled the soldier, Special Agent Timothy Price.
Ms. Smith still limps slightly, but now she has another health crisis.
There, he went up to apartment 16C on the 16th floor where officers later followed him, Commissioner Kelly said.
Clark County, Nev., $68.6 million of airport system revenue bonds, senior series 2005A.
They have strongly opposed political change on the mainland.
He'd be called the C.E.O., and I'd be called the chief executive of the kitchen."
COURTIS--James G., Sr., age 79, of Oakland, New Jersey.
$(6$)QUITKIN--Frederic M. Dearest Fred, you made us all seem more alive and encouraged us to live our lives to the fullest every moment.
"You would never leave -- you had a cradle-to-grave mentality," said Mr. Papke, 63, who took a buyout package and did leave I.B.M.
"Although such a compensation formula might have been appropriate for the chief executive of a start-up company with virtually no business, it is a wholly inappropriate formula for the chief executive of a mature and successful company."
But on Sunday, the voting here for president of the Palestinian Authority was largely free of trouble.
The higher rate of deaths from rural counties likely reflects sparse opportunities for young people in those places.
Gladstone Investment Corp., (closed-end), an initial public offering of 12 million shares.
Construction will take about a year and a half.
Our proposal for such testing, unlike the federal requirement of more standardized annual testing, is backed by research reported in the June 2002 issue of Phi Delta Kappan.
History has an ebb and flow of justice, but history also has a visible direction, set by liberty and the author of liberty.
With his lively mind, Mr. Aptekar was frustrated that there were few people with whom he could share his scientific work, his family said.
Compliance was perfect -- almost.
These breakthroughs might seem especially emblematic of change in Southern white racial attitudes, but my guess is that there were a lot of these "firsts" registered as well in homes above the Mason-Dixon line where Hurricane Katrina victims found shelter.
Then, she recalled, "He said something about how he really believed in moral fortitude.
"He's the only one who smells what the government is shoveling," he said.
We feel this will prove to be popular with fans.
Sometime later, Powers was approached by Marc Ecko Enterprises with an offer to collaborate on something connected to the clothier's Marc Ecko Collection line.
These days, Beltran is creating dreams.
Some media analysts said Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya had something to prove.
On the other hand, the children in the neighborhood have at least shown an interest in the place, Rabbi Kaplan said.
Workers could now spend more than 10 hours a week in some homes.
In addition, 12 percent received an alternative certificate, an Individualized Education Program diploma.
in overtime, 51-49, to cap a run that included upset victories over then No.8 Tennessee and No.4 Texas.
Harry C. Stonecipher resigned this year after admitting having an affair with a female subordinate.
ALANIS MORISSETTE Her "Jagged Little Pill" was the best-selling album of the 90's; for its 10th anniversary she has re-recorded it in acoustic form -- to be released June 13 by Maverick and sold exclusively at Starbucks stores for the first six weeks -- and on her tour will "play the album from start to finish," she recently told Billboard.
Bobby's cap says "NJ Vietnam Veterans Memorial"; he has a pack of Marlboros in his shirt pocket.
Michael Esper, 29, an actor, was born in Manhattan.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to St. Vincent's Comprehensive Cancer Center or the John Cannon Memorial Scholarhsip Fund at the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
The foremost challenge now is to ensure that the money pledged in the glow of the media spotlight gets to the people who need it.
"There are some very serious problems in relation to color in this county, and housing is a worsening one," said Herman Keith, regional director of the N.A.A.C.P.
In the mid-1950's, he started Barclay Records and afterward hired Mr. Jones, then 24, as a producer.
As part of the deal, Yahoo even agreed to hand over its Yahoo China operations to Mr. Ma, who is considered one of China's Internet pioneers.
He's still a guy with some pace and experience; we can always use that."
HER BODY KNOWS Two Novellas.
And then, just after Labor Day, with the nights starting to get cold and the first snow up on Froze to Death Plateau only days away, the search was called off.
Mr. Rumsfeld also criticized the news coverage of the disaster.
Consider the arbitration against Morgan Stanley brought in 2003 by Robert Quintana, a Florida firefighter, and his wife, Alina.
Another route to chimerism is through the cells that routinely pass from a mother to fetus and remain there for life.
"We made the best of it, but I prayed every night as I kneeled by my bed, 'God, let it be over."'
"I'm a normal person in this big body," he said.
To the Editor: Your Oct. 8 editorial congratulates the 90 senators who voted for a ban on "cruel, inhuman or degrading" treatment of prisoners held by the military.
He stood silently, handcuffed and shackled, as Ms. Grippo recounted the newest charge, the kidnapping of the check-cashing store owner and his wife in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, on May 4, 2004.
And the Senate goes its own way, advancing some helpful but totally inadequate ideas for post-hurricane oversight by an inspector general and a reconstruction financial officer.
Of those, 2,695 were classified as high-risk offenders before the injunction.
"But Rod Serling's in the corner and within a minute he's whispering in your ear about the latest intrigue.
But Mr. Tepper does not state why we even care if our native species are destroyed by invaders: because variety is not only the spice of life; it is also a survival imperative.
He said recent pledges by the Bush administration that American troops would remain in Iraq "as long as needed" had left Iraq's three major factions with little incentive to resolve their disagreements.
Baboons spend only about three hours of the day foraging for food; the remaining 21 hours of free time, he said, are a kind of behavioral vacuum -- not unlike three days in the Hamptons -- which baboons pass by annoying and harassing one another to no particular end, creating what scientists call psychosocial stress.
"When you have furniture like this, it is usually a private commission, a function of something to do with the life of the patron," said Mr. Howell, who is asking $95,000 for the pair.
Students can be added to the list at any time by raising their hand, but students must talk in turn.
And last week they were Plummer's guests for the Broncos' 31-17 victory against the Raiders in Oakland, Calif.
To lose any of Cissy's turns at center stage would be a shame, since Emily Skinner, a gifted singer with ample comic capabilities, has been cast in the role.
The Noodle Maker By Ma Jian.
Sister of the late Dr. Lawrence and Lillian Cohen.
In short order, we meet Arthur Vine (David Marcus), the playwright; a deranged man who wants to kill him; the Rev.
Mr. Hutchings, now assistant dean of the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, was at that time the chairman of the National Intelligence Council, whose members clashed with Mr. Bolton, the under secretary of state for arms control, over what the intelligence officials regarded as his inflated assessment of the Syrian threat.
have raised questions about whether there should be continued marketing of COX-2" pain pills, the summary said.
LAST April, Maria Andriano offered $520,000 for a one-bedroom apartment on the Upper West Side that was listed at $465,000, as well as a 50 percent down payment.
Indeed, the so-called smart money -- rich investors like Thomas H. Lee, the famed leverage buyout maven -- could not seem less worried.
But the doorman warned them that another interested couple had just been by.
It is the latest episode in a long dispute over the landscape here -- should it be rumpled and Romantic, or pruned and Italianate?
(Sinagra) ANTIBALAS AND SOULIVE (Tonight) Antibalas delivers a New York makeover to Fela Kuti's Afrobeat, the Nigerian funk propelled by burly saxophones, fierce percussion and righteous anger.
Those who died in this war have given us a crippled enemy who fights on his own soil instead of in the streets of New York.
I thought it was a change for the better, harmonically and melodically.
But before he can move, the ball bounces and strikes the bat a second time over fair territory.
Never mind that at this early stage, Mr. Stelter receives about as many page views, or entries called up on his site, in a weekday (about 27,000) as "The Daily Nightly" does in about a week.
But it turns out that we really do like those oversized personalities who clog the radio stations -- some of whom even double as superior engineers.
's ability to do this could underscore for readers the strength of traditional news organizations that can afford to base reporters around the world.
"Martin Van Buren got a big laugh inadvertently," Professor Boller said, alluding to an awkward sentence in his 1837 address.
The board is already facing criticism of its procedures from advocates of open government.
These donations are distributed by the eastern Connecticut office of the state's Department of Children and Families.
In hindsight, Mr. Maclellan said, it is possible to pinpoint the computerized track records on the Circle Line and the breakdown of the internal phone system on the Piccadilly line to conclude just how closely the bombings were synchronized.
Though far from a serial minimalist himself, Jean Dubuffet produced a somewhat similar piece, which sits on the floor at James Goodman: the stark and witty "Paysage Contrapontique" (1969), of white polyurethane with figurelike upthrusts.
"It's not clear at all what benefit protections would be offered to people," said Victoria Wachino, director of health policy for the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, a research institute that advocates more spending on antipoverty programs.
In addition, the derailment damaged several track ties and dislodged about 150 feet of rail, including the electrified third rail.
Or they can invest more heavily in countries with faster-growing populations.
(Holden) *'THE MEMORY OF A KILLER' (R, 120 minutes, in Flemish and French) Directed by Erik Van Looy, this nicely kinked Belgian thriller features a range of good guys and bad, including one whose sense of morality and world-weariness seem straight out of a Jean-Pierre Melville film.
The company initially offered to find her a different apartment but showed her just a handful of places she didn't like and then stopped responding to her calls and letters.
A year ago, Selig and the union's executive director, Donald Fehr, discovered what it was like to be excoriated by politicians when Senator John McCain chastised baseball for its "legitimacy problem" at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Ms. Sherman had lived in the Mercer Street co-op for 14 years.
Poole intelligently presents "an ordinary little girl, someone you might sit next to in class."
Funeral service is at St. Bartholomew's Church, January 3, at 11 AM.
Today, virtually every elected official, political organization and major business is represented on the train ride, at the banquet that honors New Jersey's 13 members of Congress, or at the lavish post-dinner receptions where the food and drink are provided by corporations, municipal unions and state contractors.
"The rent gap between Midtown and downtown is as big as I have seen it, approaching $50 a square foot" at its most extreme, he said, using an informal estimate.
He commented after the report was presented by the chairwoman of the task force, Cardiss Collins, a former Democratic representative from Illinois, to Susan D. Whiting, the president and chief executive of Nielsen.
He has played right field the last two seasons and was an everyday left fielder before that.
"It's the concept of many people all bringing small pieces of the puzzle, and we assemble them for the benefit of the community."
Diagnoses are developed in a cultural framework and their meanings change.
Though a motley group of supporters have worked steadily to help the club negotiate with its landlord, no agreement has been reached.
POST -- 1 HORSE (ODDS) -- Nolans Cat (50-1) TRAINER/JOCKEY -- Dale Romans/Norberto Arroyo Jr.
"That was something we could imagine."
Despite the encouragement some authors receive from their online readers, the steady stream of feedback can be paralyzing.
Both then and during his 1986 hearing on his nomination for chief justice, he said that the memo had not expressed his personal view but had been drafted at Jackson's request as a summary of the justice's views.
Money from the 1951 bond measure was diverted to buy new cars, lengthen platforms and maintain the aging system.
No one ever said comedy was easy.
Next year you're going to be my everyday left fielder."'
RESERVATIONS -- Needed on weekends.
So I went to southern Morocco.
In a hearing last month, the plaintiffs said that in negotiating the protections of their rights, they had relied on the assertion by Ian Philip, the general counsel of the News Corporation, that a board policy was the only practical vehicle at the time and that a more secure amendment to the charter "was impractical because there was not enough time" before the relocation to Delaware.
But such machines are years away from being ready for use, one Homeland Security official said.
He developed long-term relationships with artists, often publishing their new prints himself.
Well, if you couldn't get your head around landmark protection for that Venetian-marble fantasy, you may gulp at the next threatened work of mid-20th-century architecture to be considered important.
Services Monday, noon, at WeinsteinGarlick - Kirschenbaum, Brooklyn.
"It's an alarming number," said Tom Fagan, a former department official who conducted the analysis.
The program that union leaders and hospital executives proposed was called HEAL New York.
"I think a lot of savvy visitors know they can come to New York and not spend an arm and a leg," Ms. Lategano-Nicholas said.
Ordinary sentence structure was treated as a joke.
Indianapolis Colts (12-3) at Denver Broncos* (9-6) 4:15 p.m. A victory for the Broncos, and they are in the playoffs.
She would say that she hoped only to inspire others, especially young people, "to be dedicated enough to make useful lives for themselves and to help others."
LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS--Signed G Yuta Tabuse.
The Kansas senator is important for two reasons.
Last year, 100,000 applicants competed for only 10,000 units.
As in Iran under the shah, liberal opponents of the regime find themselves allied with Islamists, and the veil, paradoxically, has become a symbol of liberation.
The three operations had left her sterile.
Political pressure, however, is unlikely to reverse how drugs are purchased.
Still, at the very least, almost every far-flung undergraduate program now routinely brings its students to New York, Los Angeles or Chicago to help them showcase their talents before an invited audience of agents and casting directors.
The Council of School Supervisors and Administrators, which represents more than 5,000 principals, assistant principals, other school administrators and day-care directors in New York City, began broadcasting a television ad yesterday attacking Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg for failing to reach a contract deal with them.
"Customers should have options," he said of the Supreme Court ruling.
"Why We Want Their Bodies Back," which explores the cross-cultural obsession with possessing some mortal remains of the deceased, begins with the aching mystery of two friends who vanished while Sapolsky was still in high school, and his own emotions when a clue to their disappearance emerged 27 years later.
"Everybody is being squeezed out of Norwalk and Stamford," he said.
Frank's second Washington satire follows the political jockeying on the eve of the 1988 presidential election.
"For him to turn around and say those things, that's disrespectful," 50 Cent said during the Hot 97 interview Monday night.
LIPA views the 24-mile cable between New Haven and Shoreham as a crucial supplier of power from New England, particularly during the summer.
"We don't have to go to Hell if we don't want to," he said, his voice rising to a growl as he shouted into the microphone.
VERY GOOD Atmosphere -- Photos of film stars, movie posters and wine drapery partitions suggest a theatrical theme in the dining room and bar.
"This is the biggest boom we've ever had," said Mr. Shiller, who bought into the boom himself in 2002, with a vacation home near one of Connecticut's Thimble Islands.
Compared with roads in the United States where the lane markings "may not have been repainted in the last five years," European roads are more likely to have well-painted lines, said William Shogren, manager for advanced vehicle safety systems at Delphi, a major supplier to automakers.
This is economically perverse: China, a poor country where capital is still scarce by Western standards, is lending vast sums at low interest rates to the United States.
Someone contemplating law school might work for a while in a legal office or in government.
Mr. Suozzi has railed against unfunded mandates, the Medicaid costs that the state forces the county governments to share.
Google it and you get Project Vote Smart, where you can read any current State of the Union or State of the State address.
Senior Move Manager Moving is stressful for anyone, but older adults may be overwhelmed when leaving a beloved family home, unable to cope with the task of sorting and disposing of decades' worth of belongings.
The middle and upper classes, already being lured by one of the world's fastest-growing domestic airline industries, are discovering driving for pleasure as much as need.
CREDIT CARDS -- All major cards accepted.
And given the appetites and needs of modern journalism, it was inevitable that the sacred and the profane, the solemn and the silly, would cross paths again and again.
According to the report and interviews, Mr. Moss's siblings had warned him to get out of town in the summer of 1980; people said he was a target because he was believed to have killed Dennis Griffin, a reputed drug dealer and Larry Griffin's older brother.
For some years I've read his books when I could find them.
"If you're at that stage where you haven't gotten any interest -- and no one believes you when you say, 'If only people had a chance to see my film, they'd love it If only people knew ' -- IndieFlix is like 'No more excuses."'
Cold, wet weather is bad for their food supply and bad for the voles.
State officials said they regarded the smaller chiller plant, and the splitting up of the cooling systems, as a logistical and environmental victory.
The virtually weightless 2004 white has a lovely floral scent and is as bracing as snowy air.
The figures were gathered through searches of the Web sites of each firm, according to Stuart Elliot, the editor of The Real Deal, and did not separate brokers who work with buyers or renters and therefore would not have any listings.
In what areas has class come to play a greater role in American life over the past 30 years?
"We didn't want to make him a face-painting guy, one of those guys who decorates himself before going to a game.
Taxes, garbage, crime and schools were always the big ones.
Knowing Me, Knowing You Starring the British comedian Steve Coogan as the egotistical, inept talk show host Alan Partridge, "Knowing Me, Knowing You" was broadcast by the BBC in 1994 and 1995.
Patsy's travails tell us a lot about transactions in contemplation of death.
The results were terrific in the case of the sirloin, which was bedecked with currants, black raisins and golden raisins, and the lamb, which wore a glaze of Xérès vinegar and sweet onion.
in a delicate, unearthly soprano, that shopworn comparison of singer to nightingale comes to mind.
Thus, the presence of Chief Justice Roberts on the court is not seen as likely to shift its balance.
He explained that it's difficult to underprice properties in a seller's market, because people will always bid up.
A rabbit seems to have chosen to spend the winter under my car in the suburbs.
I threw our REI pocket thermometer on the ground.
The consequences of such an attack would be catastrophic for our people, for our economy, for our liberties."
Maritza Atayde, a fourth-generation member of her family's Circo Atayde Hermanos, the oldest and biggest circus in Mexico, performed as an aerialist and with a pack of Dobermans she had trained.
So on Thursday the comptroller moved to block the deal, and no progress was reported on resolving the dispute on Friday.
"I congratulate Evo Morales," Mr. Quiroga said in a somber speech.
They place less emphasis on professors with doctorates and more on teachers with practical experience.
But a Sunni Arab member of the committee, Saleh al-Mutlak, said no agreement was imminent, and he suggested that the writing of the constitution should be put off entirely until a new National Assembly is elected at some time in the future.
If the airline doesn't agree with the claim, passengers can take it to court -- a daunting prospect for an American trying to settle a case in Europe.
As he welcomed visiting officials on Wednesday, Laurence W. Gross, executive director of the agency, described the drug benefit as "one of the most important changes in Medicare in 35 years."
Mr. Plair worked part time in construction, but showed a passion for his music and used part of his income to pay for sessions, his family and friends said.
Some have strokes; others, in earlier stages, have temporary speech problems, headaches, seizures or attacks of numbness or weakness in their limbs.
HE'S lanky and looks dangerous, with his ice-blue eyes and wax-white complexion.
At Goldman Sachs, for example, fees from European mergers alone are up 102.4 percent from a year earlier, to $656.7 million, versus an 18 percent increase in merger fees in the United States, to $994.6 million, according to data compiled by Thomson Financial.
It's also easily outfitted with headlights, taillights, side-view mirrors and all the other bells and whistles you hoped for as a kid.
Mr. Schwarzenegger said Mr. Beatty and Mr. Reiner had long been associated with a group of outspoken Hollywood politicos who "have their own opinions, and it is usually always a very liberal one."
But Ms. Sutton, who is appearing with her excellent trio at the Oak Room of the Algonquin Hotel, is the real thing: a hard-swinging, soft-hearted devotee of a great tradition, a pure jazz spirit whose singing conjures up open skies and clean air.
These can be in the form of a company logo or something similar, but GIF files can also be as small as one pixel and transparent -- which means you can't see them.
But it also includes a half-dozen excellent works and one absolute knockout.
While many of the wines we tasted had some degree of sweetness, those we liked best were balanced by a healthy acidity, resulting in wines that were refreshing rather than cloying.
Guest Columnist Sarah Vowell, a contributor to public radio's "This American Life," is the author, most recently, of "Assassination Vacation.
Mr. Fitzgerald took his cue from Roman coins.
After his remarks were applauded, he declined to answer reporters' questions.
This, she told the tremulous girl, is what she should also say to her father: down the drain with you.
Sweet and throughtful aunt of Peter and Jeffrey Harris.
In a 1993 case, Ms. Dimond, then a reporter for the tabloid TV show "Hard Copy," broke the news about accusations of an inappropriate relationship between Mr. Jackson and another young boy.
I'm interested in you owning the studio."'
"He obviously has a serious problem.
to conduct such a review given the series of recalls of defibrillators and pacemakers by Guidant in recent months.
The best response Ms. Pirro's campaign could muster was that the actual size of the buy was a mere $40,000; that same day, Mrs. Clinton herself went about her business in Washington, which included an appearance on the Hill with her Republican and Democratic colleagues to promote a homeland security initiative.
They did not fall from the bones, and the caramelized onions promised on the menu were missing.
(A soldier's job is to kill.
The still-low prices in the village in comparison with the rest of Rockland County -- which had a median sales price for single-family houses of $475,000 at the end of the first quarter -- are enticing potential homeowners like Christine Vosler.
Ms. Davis's apartment, on the third floor of a six-story building, easily mixes day care and family.
"This is a very conservative industry.
The study also recommended renovations to the bathhouse at Croton Point County Park in northern Westchester, which it called "possibly the most important beach on the Hudson River."
The city took 74.5 acres of the park for Shea Stadium in the 1960's.
LANG--John F. The partners, associates and staff of Hill, Betts & Nash LLP mourn with great sadness the passing on October 5, 2005, in Maine, of our esteemed retired partner and extend condolences to his wife, Eleanor, and daughters, Anita and Elaine, and their families.
attempts to win its third consecutive Associated Press national title.
But legal action against the Met now seems to be the last thing on Italy's agenda.
A good showing by Mr. Sharon could marginalize Likud and put it into opposition, and destroy the rationale for the centrist, secular Shinui Party.
Unfortunately, a lot of other state governments look similar -- and so does Washington.
The birds released in the wild also have to be taught how to fly and fend for themselves.
"I am expecting that he will learn a position and that he will also be able to play on third downs."
There is another reason motivating Mr. Cowden.
TUFT--Leonard W., 83, retired Executive Vice President of RCA, died Friday, November 11, of heart failure.
Expensive matchmakers, she says, have recently opened shop in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Miami, Houston, Washington, Chicago and Minneapolis.
Signed C Peter Sarno to a one-year contract and D Mark Flood to a three-year contract.
Apple's begrudging solution has been a cumbersome mail-in program that replaces the entire iPod with a reconditioned one for $60.
Highlights include the electronics improviser IKUE MORI on Tuesday; Friday with the guitarist EUGENE CHADBOURNE, who brings his own weird, scratchy wiles to the table; Saturday with the trumpeter DAVE DOUGLAS; and Sunday with the violinist MAT MANERI.
Even if parents do nothing else, she says, they should turn off the television during dinner.
Add egg yolks and 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse machine a couple of times.
His father is also on the board of Vision Health International, which provides free eye care and surgery to impoverished people in Central and South America.
The case for the DVD includes anonymous phone tip lines for reporting crime.
The Johnson twins, who dropped out of college at 19 in 1967 and hitchhiked with an AWOL soldier from Sacramento to New York, quickly became internationally famous as a pair of extraordinarily handsome men.
He was by many accounts a prolific writer and popular teacher.
Returning to civilian life he co-founded Imperial Wear with his late partner Paul Cohen.
With such a costly, new bill arriving in a few years, state leaders need to add this item to their list of things to do -- and fast.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES--Agreed to terms with INF-OF Jose Offerman on a minor league contract.
Plutonium 238 is hundreds of times more radioactive than the kind of plutonium used in nuclear arms, plutonium 239.
That Canary Can Be a Monster In a neighborhood like Inwood, the el is often entwined with stories of immigration and assimilation, sometimes in odd and unexpected ways.
Correction: September 4, 2005, Sunday An article last Sunday about film piracy included incorrect revenue data supplied by the Motion Picture Association of America.
10:20 P.M. (IFC) GREG THE BUNNY -- "Sleazy Rider."
The Padres will apparently take on Cameron's $7 million salary for 2006, freeing up money that the Mets will undoubtedly put to use.
Proceeds benefit the Madison Square Park Conservancy.
But a school shooting is reliably a bid for celebrity.
We have to prioritize and he wasn't on our list of priorities."
She lifts her hands to her eyelids.
"This kid is really on to it," said Kelly Cutrone, owner of People's Revolution, a public relations firm whose clients include the designers Jeremy Scott and Romeo Gigli, as well as the pricey and titillating lingerie line Agent Provocateur.
"Some years it focused on a couple of shows.
The 10,000-square-foot Churchill Museum divides his 90-year-long life into five periods.
Susan Marie Swanson is the author of "The First Thing My Mama Told Me," a picture book.
Last week, he was freed on bail; the extradition process could take years.
The security sources said they belonged to a cell affiliated with Fatah militants.
Senator Bill Frist of Tennessee, the Republican leader, said Friday that the two state justices, whose confirmations have been blocked by Democrats, would be brought to the Senate floor as part of the fight over changing the rules.
Arafat seemed frail in his final months but not, by anyone's account, at death's door when he suddenly fell ill last October.
If the author of that fourth-century treatise were writing today, I'm sure he would write the chapter on cosmology differently.
In 1965, I got my first car, a '51 Chevy.
The whole fish, usually more succulent than fillets, were a tad dry and lackluster.
While rural Sunni Arabs are very traditional, many view the strict codes of the Salafis with some distrust.
The office has been active in health care industry investigations.
Perhaps the knowledge of Victoria Ruvolo's generous forgiveness will reawaken the dormant spirit of fellowship in the rest of us.
"We promised change, and we will make changes, starting with the government itself, in its attitudes and its actions," Dr. Vázquez said in a 25-minute inaugural address.
How about the $2 million birthday party that he threw for his wife on Sardinia, complete with an ice sculpture of Michelangelo's "David" urinating vodka.
Nash, who left Dallas and signed with Phoenix last summer, enjoyed his first career playoff triple-double (34 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists) in Game 5.
He had to pass the English Regents exam so he could collect his high school diploma.
But shifting global trade rules threaten to reverse El Salvador's industrial revolution.
I looked at the jury.
A Web search in October for travel in December found prices starting around $202 round trip from Kennedy Airport.
His father retired as a nuclear engineer in Washington at the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board.
I don't think it's a problem for big companies.
Mr. Lussier had been a sergeant in the reservation police for 30 years and was, residents said, one of its most beloved officers.
"I read something Bruce said a while ago about a guy could score the game-winning goal to finish qualifying, but he might not be a part of the team," Ralston said.
Dr. Dobson and other cultural conservatives exploit such dubious threats as SpongeBob SquarePants to illustrate their allegations of a liberal elite's assault on religion, family and children.
"I'm happy it's happening this way," Campbell said.
The budget -- well over $100,000 -- is roughly the same that Methodist devotes to a promotional campaign on a Memphis television station on which it broadcasts "health care minutes" three days a week.
Bates, who coached with Saban in Cleveland, will consider becoming his defensive coordinator.
The toll of a wartime atmosphere has always been an intriguing subject for novelists; even today's almost-instant reactions have their precedents.
Well-intentioned, impressively acted, but ultimately a speechy, ponderous melodrama of liberal superstition masquerading as realism.(A.O.
Commissions in four prior base-closing rounds changed about 15 percent of the Pentagon's recommendations.
But Mr. Forrester and Mr. Corzine have not followed the playbook.
Yes, some have created armed wings to their movements, ostensibly to resist foreign occupation (Hezbollah in Lebanon, Islamic Jihad in Palestine) or in response to authoritarian regimes.
Correction Appended IN May 2004, the Thai director Apichatpong Weerasethakul sat in the shade, away from the sun and the critical glare, and wondered why tastemakers attending the Cannes Film Festival were having such a difficult time understanding his new film, "Tropical Malady."
It's a remarkable run, unbroken but for two years in the late 1990's when new owners turned the restaurant into a microbrewery.
"The Labor Party has never benefited from aligning itself with artists."
The trouble is that you can see only what remains -- not what has been erased.
Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.
Joe D. Reynolds, the dean of the cathedral, officiated, and the Rev.
Turkey is concerned that the issue could interfere with its plans to start talks with the European Union in October for possible membership.
She is survived by her sons, William & James, their wives, Shelley and Kate, five grandchildren, Marjorie G, Raein, Wyeth S. Gubelmann, Tantivy G. Bostwick, Phoebe G. Gubelmann, James G. Gubelmann, and one great-grandchild, Cyrus P. Raein.
"There was such a difference coming in and going out," he added.
Since the lounges are unheated, however, hanging may be ephemeral, "though we are hoping for nice, sunny, ambient-heat days," he said.
(It carried 47 when it capsized.)
Mr. Flory shared that home with his wife, their 4-year-old daughter and the 11-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter of Mr. Flory's wife.
A “teach-in” is a forum in which various people present information that inspires discussion regarding an important issue.
Mrs. Longone knew better, of course.
"The dirt costs more than a foreclosed house."
A day after Refco disclosed the hidden $430 million, senior Lee executives met with Hamilton Lane Advisors, whose clients have had money with Lee since the early 1990's.
That was in 1957, and even then comic strips got no respect.
"There is heaven, hell and purgatory.
But even that smaller amount could be enough to finance the airline's operations in the first months of bankruptcy protection, serving as the equivalent of debtor-in-possession financing, said Philip A. Baggaley, an airline analyst at S.&P.
She said that people regularly looked disappointed to be seated next to her.
The fourth-quarter figure brought total online ad spending last year to an estimated $9.6 billion, up 32 percent from 2003, the bureau said.
But the military is bracing for a surge of situations like this one as American and Iraqi forces race to establish security for the referendum on the new Iraqi constitution to be held on Oct. 15.
Picking the right time to blitz a quarterback is a risk-reward decision.
When she was younger, she said, everything John said was imbued with a kind of impatient, strung-out majesty, but all the while, Paul showed up on time and just wrote beautiful songs.
Such patties, the main source of fuel for cooking in rural India, here gleam like plate-size gold coins.
Meanwhile, the rescues went on and on.
The 1973 Mets were 82-79, but they at least vindicated their postseason presence by sliding past Cincinnati in the Championship Series before losing in the seventh game of the World Series to Oakland.
(Chinen) * TAPPIN' INTO MONK (Tonight and tomorrow night) Savion Glover, the titan of modern tap dance, should make for a natural interpreter of Thelonious Monk, whose music is inherently percussive; Mr. Glover will be joined by a coterie of other dancers and a quartet composed of the tenor saxophonist Ted Nash, the pianist Cyrus Chestnut, the bassist Gerald Cannon and the drummer Herlin Riley.
The only stages she procured were in a local high school auditorium and cafeteria at the far southern edge of the summertime crowd.
But recently, work started on a terminal in northern Mexico that is intended to receive liquefied natural gas shipments from Sakhalin in the summer of 2008.
"First thing I imagined how much the paper cost us as a country and a people.
None were published until "Brenda Starr" was accepted by the syndicate.
Talk to the folks at Absolute Bikes or check out www.flagstaffbiking.org for the right trail.
Senator Christopher J. Dodd, a Democrat from Connecticut, asked Mr. Bernanke how he would react if natural gas prices rose sharply this winter.
"I feel like I have a lot of improvement to make over the next two days," Wie said before walking over to the driving range for a session on her long and short games.
In lieu of flowers, donations in her memory preferred to the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation, PO Box 650309, Dallas, TX 75265-0309 or at www.komen.org
He faces the death penalty if convicted.
Mr. Kasch was in Manhattan for what are known as the annual television "upfronts," at which network executives present to advertisers their new fall schedules.
'Orson's Shadow' barrow street theater 27 Barrow Street, at Seventh Avenue
He said the court had improperly required the state to provide evidence justifying the restriction.
That would cover 145 round trips between New York and Tokyo as well as taxes paid at a 40 percent rate, by Ms. Haddon's calculations, which she offered at the meeting.
Correction Appended GREENWICH, Conn., July 7 - Investigators are looking into the disappearance of a 26-year-old man from a well known Greenwich family who was last seen on his honeymoon aboard a cruise ship in the Mediterranean.
NASA has finally unveiled its plans for carrying out the ambitious space exploration program that was announced by President Bush in January 2004 but left vague and undefined ever since.
Strange yet apt for a show about winning by not winning.
At one point, explaining a trip to the C.I.A.
"We have no other alternative.
But for a Republican mayor trying to woo black and Hispanic voters away from Democratic opponents, it was a chance to bask in the praise of an influential black clergyman -- on the same day two of those opponents attacked him from different fronts.
My daughter is a senior in high school applying to colleges.
one can be sure that like most precocious youngsters he was in no mood to give it all up for bookish or Bible reasons."
Some of the largest companies have developed their own cost-monitoring strategies.
As for Mr. Caracappa, Mr. Hayes said he was "the finest of New York's finest."
It's the adults who bear watching, starting with Woody, who has fallen under the spell of the camp's new administrator.
Now, I know what you're thinking: But good people ate, too!
It was like "Swan Lake" on random play.
African hip-hop is a lively, multifaceted scene, and albums by X-Plastaz of Tanzania and Daara J of Senegal have secured distribution in the United States alongside compilations like "Africa Raps" (Trikont) and "The Rough Guide to African Rap" (World Music Network).
That's why the writers of copy selling sildenafil citrate at Pfizer pharmaceuticals chose that informal word to advertise their product to "guys with E.D.," repeating that reg'lar feller noun in explaining that Viagra is "for guys with erectile dysfunction."
The firm will seriously consider investments in a few hundred of those and join only a dozen to 15 in a year.
In particular, what struck Mr. Walton was an adaptation that was equal parts brainy and practical.
(Mr. Baitz is 43 and gay; from 1990 until 2002 he was the partner of Joe Mantello, who directed "Three Hotels.")
Mr. Nevzlin fled to Israel nearly two years ago, amid a Kremlin-backed investigation into the oil company and its top executives.
Outside the club, Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Green drove off in a black BMW, with Mr. Fletcher at the wheel, the police said.
There is little evidence, however, that Hebei heeded his warning, at least when cases threatening strong local interests came before the courts.
A need for reliable information and assistance on matters like diet, exercise and smoking cessation that may improve survival chances.
In a grueling cross-examination, Mr. Gotti's lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, succeeded in casting doubt on Mr. Sliwa's claims that he had recovered from his bout of fabrications.
Merck, based in Whitehouse Station, N.J., had sales of $23 billion last year.
Amtrak had intended to implement those increases quietly this month, but the plan was sidetracked after an outcry from commuters and elected officials.
These kids, especially Fitch, a sensitive boy caught in the romantic tangle of the adults around him, form the affecting center of the novel.
But anyone with a pronounced affection for the movie is likely to leave the Paper Mill wishing that one of the most appealing couples in movie history had been left to rest in peace, as they most certainly would have preferred.
It's better to hear something you love on the radio, because when you're listening, other people are listening too.
Opponents of the policy, however, say something is lost if Luciano Pavarotti cannot sing before a half-million people in the park as he did in 1993, or the pope can no longer celebrate Mass for 125,000, as John Paul II did in 1995.
Mrs. Littauer gained fame as the Grande Dame of the study of horses.
For the first time, soil, air and water were given equal footing with money and ambition in decisions about development.
Dr. Dubernard said that the woman was approved as a candidate for a face transplant only after a thorough psychological examination by an independent expert and by mental health professionals working with the transplant teams in Amiens, where the operation was performed, and in Lyon, where the woman is now being monitored for rejection reactions.
This isn't such a bad premise, but it must be said: the plot thins.
In Southold, residents can pay by the bag -- from 75 cents to $2.75 apiece for special yellow garbage bags of various sizes that are accepted at the town transfer station in Cutchogue -- or hire a private carter.
By shifting the barrier another lane, five lanes in one direction can be created for exceptionally heavy traffic.
Hospital spending rose 6.5 percent in 2003, to $515.9 billion, following an increase of 8.5 percent in the prior year.
Her tempestuous relationship with Rubirosa provides Mr. Levy with some of his best material.
On the other hand, pushing for changes in the legislation could alienate some longtime allies who believe the so-called morning-after pill should be widely available.
Fifth, the administration is doing a poor job of communicating with members.
Neither of them expected the relationship to last.
Instantly, I was reminded of the three-game series here last season that began with the Yankees re-enacting their rally from Game 7 of the 2003 American League Championship Series, frustrating Martínez again in the eighth inning, eliciting a quote worthy of Bartlett's.
If you have a good spot for willows, why not fill it with something that has year-round appeal?
And that should, I hope, and I hope it does now, encourage them that I will be fair and that I will decide the case according to law, but I will have seen it from their perspective.
Joe Sharkey: On the Road.
Kevin Law, the general counsel to the county executive and the chairman of a committee overseeing the jail plans, said the next step was to put a price tag on the report's recommendations and compare that with the cost of more cells.
Sun, a lawyer for Dr. Lee, said: "We do not consider this to be any type of assault on the First Amendment but rather seeking justice on behalf of Dr. Lee.
PACE was created in 1999, when the United Paperworkers International Union combined with the Oil, Chemical and Atomic Workers.
What's of much more importance is the action.
The cause was heart failure, said his son, Michael Sandor.
Assuming that their permanent homes still cannot be occupied, FEMA will offer people in both of those groups temporary-housing rental assistance worth an average of $786 a month.
He graduated from Michigan State and received his law degree from Duquesne University.
It's appropriate and compelling content for kids, and I think it's something we should be doing."
Collectively, they will spend about $7 billion this year for Epogen and Aranesp and for the Johnson & Johnson drug Procrit, which is sold under license from Amgen.
They're a bit like the mouse that roared, but Jim Cameron of the Connecticut Metro-North Rail Commuter Council said sometimes the right roar can make all the difference.
TENNESSEE TITANS--Signed CB Adam Jones to a five-year contract.
For decades that biblical symbol of satellite navigation has sat silently more than 65 feet above the ground, picked out by carefully positioned spotlights while thousands of multicolored light bulbs below vied for onlookers' attention.
The bank that was robbed, Northern Bank, is one of the four private financial institutions in Northern Ireland licensed to print its own bank notes.
In a landmark 1973 ruling, the State Supreme Court said the financing system violated New Jersey's constitutional mandate for a "thorough and efficient" education for all children, because poorer districts were unable to give their schools adequate support.
In its sheer accumulation of objects and displays, the exhibition gives a sense of the wealth of information and experience Darwin himself had to sift through.
"It starts off with usual alignment rationale, but the reality is it provides no explanation as to how that rationale works when the only people receiving payments are the 500 to 600 chosen," he said.
But the TiVo owner can easily take along the programs to watch on a laptop while traveling, or burn them into DVD's to watch somewhere else.
As Slemrod suggests, redirecting his resources away from a complex code and toward more productive work will serve us all well.
Two-thirds of the roughly 250 concerts in a season at Stern Auditorium are rentals.
The administration pushed for an independent review, and sugar producers rallied support from groups around the world.
But questions about labor rights and lost jobs are staying at the forefront of the trade debate, not retreating.
Soon she has invaded the list-, jargon- and metaphor-loving "transition industry" for job seekers, in which well-paid counselors dole out useless advice.
Maybe he saw; maybe he didn't.
And the album ends with a clever surprise: a gruff death-metal fadeout that underscores the tunefulness of what came before.
Mr. Avian, who choreographed the original production with Mr. Bennett, will direct the revival, and Mr. Hamlisch will orchestrate and oversee the music.
Just recently, the group organized an 80th birthday party for two members, Ursula Joachim and Janet Townsend.
And for the few minutes that the documentary samples the hit from Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy, a song that chides television as a "cathode nipple," "Get Up, Stand Up" establishes itself as one of the most daring, and perhaps the hippest, program in the recent history of PBS.
The detective's partner, who was sitting in an unmarked police car parked on Amsterdam Avenue, witnessed the stabbing, rushed to his partner's aid and brought him to the hospital, officials said.
They, Mr. Beaver said, are more interested in marketing their brands.
"It heightens and sweetens the lobster without overwhelming it," Mr. Kummer said.
Córdoba, the mythic capital of Al Andalus -- as Moorish Spain was known -- remains one of the most romantic cities in all of Spain.
Several neighbors hired Bruce Kershner, a forest ecologist, to survey the property in 2002.
The most pressing is the fate of more than 400 Uzbek refugees who fled to Kyrgyz soil after surviving a bloody crackdown in May following a prison break and antigovernment demonstrations in Andijon, Uzbekistan.
Francis M. Nevins Jr., the Queen fiend whose 1974 "Royal Bloodlines" is required reading on this subject, and who can be credited with that 9 percent estimate, offered his share of expert analysis at the symposium.
The bride and bridegroom graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, where they met.
"So she sings, and she was good, but I didn't think much of it.
For team officials, the garage manifests some of their worst fears, namely the incremental conversion of a professional sports complex into a shopping center and amusement park.
Last night, he was not.
(Newspaper writing, for instance, can often be a lone-wolf, eat-what-you-kill operation.)
That means that Ms. Sharif, who went to New York in 2001 accompanied by her husband, can and does travel alone now, although she still needs her husband's permission.
NOURISH ORGANIC CUCUMBER & WATERCRESS FACE WASH (95 to 100 percent organic) contains organic chamomile tea and soybean, coconut, sweet orange and watercress oils.
So in other words, you give out false statements to mislead the public so they will then increase in their mind the value of your company," Mr. Simmons said.
If they persuade deal-conscious consumers that they can get brand-name quality on the cheap, they may simultaneously persuade their high-end customers that they might as well buy the cheaper version.
To compensate for the horsepower lost by having such a small engine, Burns chose to push the electric motors extremely hard.
The people who do the killing might be whipped up by ethnic grievances, but the people who lead civil wars are usually rational and greedy.
Harvest in Union Square The annual Harvest in the Square, a tasting of foods from restaurants to benefit Union Square Park, will be held on Sept. 22 from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. at the north end of Union Square Park.
Swing is melancholy's antimatter: it gives her the extra dimension that she, and the audience, needs.
Here's someone that feels he can make a difference, and he's got the people at heart."
July 10 at 4 p.m. Tickets: $10 to $15.
The statue, erected in 2003, was the inspiration of Lawrence and Darlene Bishop, evangelical Christian pastors of the 3,400-member Solid Rock Church here, which spent $250,000 on a project that did not go smoothly.
The trade of Thomas would end years of speculation about his future.
The woman who tends the garden there, Hanna Klandt, was philosophical about what happened.
Standing his ground, Dr. Burke was instrumental in persuading the Legislature to pass a 1975 law calling for a "thorough and efficient" education for the state's 1.5 million students.
The Critical Mass rides, which have no acknowledged leadership, take place in many cities around the world on the last Friday of the month, with bicycle riders rolling through the streets to promote bicycle transportation.
A magnifying glass was banded to his wide brow.
Sometimes I end up asking for permission to call the parent back in and get the parent involved.
But it focuses on the Israeli retaliation: the assassinations, ordered by Prime Minister Golda Meir, of Palestinians identified by Israeli intelligence as terrorists, including some who were not directly implicated in the Olympic massacre.
Still, he brings in the cans and places them against the wall in front of a gaping hole he made one day with the angry swing of a golf club.
It is difficult to tell how much -- or how little -- of the ingredients the new cosmetics contain, because most labels list their components only by name, not by amount.
They wanted to move from one state to another, but given India's cumbersome, often corrupt interstate bureaucracy, they might as well have been trying to pass to Pakistan.
It was a scorching afternoon when Tommy the Clown showed up at a middle school in Compton with a group of clown dancers in tow.
It's better as a cooking ingredient -- to season a marinade, a sauce or a stir-fry -- than as a finishing oil.
Call them at (970) 926-1393, and order wine and cheese plates for delivery.
All the brownstone on the original portions of the facades -- the Islamic-style screens, the small spiral columns, the carved panels -- has been swamped by a veritable gusher of stucco and paint.
If you think we can't cut out waste at least 5 percent like I've proposed, you shouldn't be mayor."
"This will either be a mildly interesting niche product, or by next year, half of the albums by major artists will be DualDisc," Mr. Dreese said.
Information is at www.hahnenkamm.com and www.kitzbuehel.com.
The Officers, Trustees and Members of the Hollywood Golf Club note with sorrow the passing of their longtime friend and member, John Parrella.
I have great confidence in the people associated with our game and most important, I have great faith and confidence in our fans."
Young Buck Sentenced The rapper Young Buck has been sentenced to three years' probation and 80 hours of community service after pleading no contest to an assault charge stemming from a stabbing at the Vibe Awards show last year in Santa Monica, Calif., The Associated Press reported.
"He was very willing to put his money where his mouth was."
The brothers' 70's era aluminum Halliburton suitcases appear in a diorama in a new Ralph Lauren store in Hong Kong, and crisp Polo shirts are spilling out of their antique wicker picnic baskets at another Lauren store in Palm Beach.
The embassy also said the Iraqi government should not allow militia or sectarian control of the security forces.
Eli Manning's accuracy remains shaky, and the number of injuries has become alarming.
We have a new pope.
Even with a budget of $450,000, they quickly discovered they could not afford anything less than 70 miles from Mr. Cannon's office.
"The love of learning comes from doing it together," she said.
Mr. Forst now pays $160 less a month for substantially the same benefits with the same insurer.
The company has lined up financing from Doll Capital Management, Mobius Venture Capital, Hearst and Lenovo, the Chinese computer manufacturer.
Friends of Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman said the two men have been singled out unfairly.
Phil's so good, he just has to get out of his own way.
The proposals are expected to include economic incentives intended to persuade Iran to abandon its nuclear activities.
Zipcar rents cars, but only online.
The tone was set early, when Patricia Barry, president of Bedford D.O.G.
It can be nothing short of thrilling to watch one shake off its early awkwardness and come into its own.
The bills were approved by midday.
It's always been thought about the Neanderthal extinction that Homo sapiens appeared in Europe and outcompeted Neanderthals.
for the 1992-93 school year, then transferred to Miami of Ohio, which is closer to his Cincinnati roots.
"but we're showing that we have the American ingenuity to do this and we're setting a precedent in terms of the design of the program."
What strength, and how much does your dog weigh?"
It did not join other factions in agreeing to a temporary truce in February Mr. Arafat "was famous for his corruption, and he committed many other crimes against the Palestinians," said a leader of the Popular Resistance Committees, who gave his name only as Abu Said.
He also said that the dancer had put on a few more clothes, though a spokesman for the convention, Sean-Patrick Hillman, disputed that yesterday.
At the United Nations, the United States ambassador, John R. Bolton, labeled the comments "pernicious and unacceptable," but he turned aside questions about whether it would make sense to try to expel Iran from the United Nations itself, as Ariel Sharon, Israel's prime minister, suggested.
Mr. Jennings is known for a certain flamboyance, evident when he made his personal life public by declaring his love for a Chinese actress on the front pages of the Chinese language press at a time when he was still married.
Before each concert, Mr. MacLeod promises pre-concert exhibition tennis in front of the stage that is "designed to attract the young and old, the fit and the infirm alike."
If the other side relents, Mr. Silver will have won, to the public good, most would say.
Finally, the United States needs to bolster its ability to operate in the Arctic Ocean.
Representative Tom Udall and others in Congress may try to overturn these rules legislatively.
We were in the wake of the 60's and that time meant three assassinations to me.
When Ms. Cheng was a senior and Mr. Chan a second-year law student, they at last began acknowledging that they had met when friends tried to introduce them.
Shocking facts: not eating enough can lead to weight gain.
Often in such cases it is the father of the family who decides about the punishment.
Independent restaurateurs "realize they need to compete on the level of service more than in the past," he said.
Five times as many met the standards, an increase that was fourfold, not fivefold.
One of the best songs, "Whoa," is as infectious as it is self-referential: Ms. Williams declares, "And we've got everybody singing/ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa."
Poor attendance at this year's regionals prompted a debate among coaches and administrators about whether ESPN's influence over the women's tournament has confined the growth of their game.
This little girl was 6 last May, when according to her parents, she changed overnight, becoming clingy and asking the same question over and over and over and over again.
Previously, he had been vice president at New York Times Digital and was general manager of The New York Times on the Web (NYTimes.com) from 2000 until 2003.
It also categorizes "paramilitarism" and related crimes as political crimes, which under the Constitution would safeguard the commanders from extradition on the related crime of trafficking.
(The computer's boot device order, located in the BIOS, may need to be adjusted to load disk-wiping programs, which run their own operating systems.)
The bridegroom, 25, is a candidate for a law degree at New York University; he was until this month a summer associate at Debevoise & Plimpton, the New York law firm.
Asserting that Google's success is based more on its ability to bamboozle Internet users and investors than on its ability to provide value, Mr. Stern taunts his readers: "Go ahead and celebrate everything Google.
It's just kind of flourished into something wonderful."
Its main missions are to revitalize the 480-acre waterfront parkland and to empower under-resourced children through sports and recreation.
But these moguls were hunting bigger game: they and the rest of us thought they would run not only the Hollywood studios but also the giant media companies, like Viacom, Time Warner and Sony, that owned the studios.
There is entirely too much rhapsodizing about what a big deal the competition is: "tens of thousands of submissions," "four days of pure adrenaline," "almost like an Olympic event."
They know we're not close to a global version of the European superstate.
'THE BLOWIN OF BAILE GALL' Opens Tuesday.
But the coolly charming Mr. Brown decides to try anyway.
Bank of America will also receive an option for five and a half years to increase its stake to 19.9 percent, the bank said.
"But it never amounted to much," he says.
"I thought, 'If this is the worst I have to deal with, that's fine.'
He may want to be Dostoyevsky, but he'll always be Fielding Mellish.
"Midnight movies are now being watched on DVD," explained Irv Slifkin, author of "Groovy Movies: Far-Out Films of the Psychedelic Era."
Government depends on planning, but planners can never really anticipate the inevitable complexity of events.
Many of the suicide bombers seem to be foreigners, particularly Saudis.
Johnson & Johnson said yesterday that it had voluntarily recalled 300 Cypher heart stents after an internal audit of manufacturing records showed that six of them were not as thoroughly coated as specifications required.
Still, although she has made some friends, for the most part Georgnell socializes only at school.
On Wednesday, violence also flared in Baghdad, even as Shiite and Kurdish leaders continued heated negotiations to form a coalition government, nearly two months after the elections for a constitutional assembly.
American military officials said the airstrikes had been directed at insurgent safehouses, and said they knew of no civilian casualties.
Over the past year reports from Britain, the United Nations and the World Bank have argued that, yes, African countries do need to root out corruption and improve the management of their economies -- but also that they need much more money to help pay for clinics, schools, medicines, roads and other investments to help millions of Africans stay alive, get an education and earn a living.
(Sinagra) ROCK AND ROLL CIRCUS (Sunday) The downtown party mavens Georgie Seville, DJ Justine D., Michael T. and friends celebrate their fifth year of libidinous holiday eve dress-up bashes.
On Tuesday, what should have been a high point for Mr. Ferrer -- receiving the endorsement of Howard Dean, chairman of the national Democratic Party and a champion of core Democratic values -- was obscured by a controversy over whether Mr. Ferrer had falsified his education record in a blog entry to suggest he had been educated in public schools, when in fact he was largely educated in Roman Catholic schools, a mistake he blamed on an aide's editing.
But armed with my newfound knowledge, I flipped through my Caller ID, found the number and phoned.
The Pacific Palms' program is one of several pulling out the stops to please frequent guests.
All of us at the firm of Chadbourne & Parke LLP express our deepest sympathies to the family of our former partner Nancy Pierce.
Roush must have been feeling at home in most of the race weekends this season.
He is recovering from a urinary tract infection that kept him out of Monday's game against the Blue Jays.
Mr. Moonves said, "Those 'Apprentice' numbers are still good; I'd take Donald Trump right now."
She and her family live in four houses along a nearby street and all had their roofs crushed by trees, debris and wind.
But, said Dr. Elyse S. Rafal, a dermatologist who does clinical testing for cosmetic companies, an aesthetician's training can be as varied as a weekend course, a longer course of study or training from a physician.
On Friday, the Ford Motor Company said the technology was promising enough that it had reached agreement with the agency to try to develop it for use in its cars and trucks.
And we proved that Virginians want a governor who has a positive vision for moving this commonwealth forward."
By the 1990's he had moved on to television.
"We had no other art in the house."
CHATTANOOGA The city's waterfront restoration project, which will have taken 35 months and reshaped 129 acres of land along the Chattanooga River, will be completed next month.
Though it does not include the manufacturer take-back provisions enacted in Europe, it does require carmakers doing business in Japan to increase the recyclability level to 95 percent, from today's 80 percent, by 2015.
Welcome as that announcement was, it had a familiar sound.
The federal government then refused to authorize any new federally financed highway projects in New Jersey, a step that state officials say has caused work on 19 projects, worth $250 million, to grind to a halt.
Formed two years ago, Free File is an alliance of the I.R.S.
Mr. Olenick said that his company had not removed the tower to avoid landmark designation but only to move ahead quickly with the project, which is to replace the entire structure.
He was among the first to grasp that the French capital did nothing for an American's self-esteem.
Dinner salads and appetizers, $8 to $12; entrees, $15 to $25; desserts, $6.
In the 1980's, Mr. Spota also represented some police officers who were convicted of drug offenses.
Thereafter, some of the radicals may have congregated in gyms -- one of the bags in the July 21 attacks was from a chain of workout centers called Fitness First.
Another senior policy figure criticized during the Iraq war effort, Douglas J. Feith, is also leaving, to be replaced by Eric Edelman, a career Foreign Service officer who previously was a senior aide to Vice President Dick Cheney.
What they got was an injury-prone shortstop-turned-second baseman who at times has been a defensive liability.
If you care about theater, blah blah blah.
That approach brings one form of stress.
Under the plan, riders of the Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad would get a free 10-trip off-peak ticket for each monthly pass, and a free round-trip off-peak ticket for each weekly pass, bought in December.
The remark drew criticism on Tuesday from Thomas V. Ognibene, a Republican challenger to Mr. Bloomberg.
James R. Houghton Chairman Philippe de Montebello Director Emily K. Rafferty President
"The propaganda against it was so stupid," said Ari Kagan, who also lives in Brighton Beach and writes for the Russian weekly Evening New York.
You almost couldn't blame Margaret.
Safety systems are only a second line of defense.
They are also busy planning the summer wedding of one of her four daughters, who, the judge said Wednesday, are "doing O.K."
was still feeling its way in determining what technology it was willing to share.
Brush rack with olive oil and place chicken on top.
Pearl M. Kamer, the chief economist for the Long Island Association, said there's a reason shoppers think prices are higher close to home.
Train-and-bus service to the course is available from the Edinburgh-Aberdeen line (details can be found at www.fifedirect.org.uk/opengolf).
Their pool is not ornate and womblike.
The June turmoil was not limited to the Treasury market, however.
During the quarter, Amazon agreed to pay $40 million to Soverain Software of Chicago to settle a patent-infringement lawsuit related to Internet sales systems.
SKETCHING WORKSHOPS AT THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM OF ART, Monday at 11 a.m., noon, and 1:15 and 2:30 p.m.; Fifth Avenue and 82nd Street.
Even if each stop offered nothing more than pretzels and cheap wine, and a chance to cadge cigarettes from friends, this revolving and continuous set of parties seemed to be the foundation of his social life.
With my feet tied up in my shoes, pinching myself, and still I look up at God and say, "Take care of her," and I'm done.
Price does matter, but they are looking for value."
Chicago Board of Education, $275 million of public schools refunding bonds.
"Frankly, I wasn't surprised that it went the way it did," Mr. Falkenrath said.
The Parks Department published its proposed new rules on April 18 in The City Record, a daily publication in which city agencies announce public hearings.
The Barberi scandal, the latest and shabbiest example of cronyism and mismanagement in the Yonkers school system, raises an urgent question: What are we going to do with this man?
"I think this is the toughest Grand Slam to win just because of the traffic," she said.
"Leaving the house that you lived in for 30 years is hard, really hard," she said.
Dwayne Howell President and Chief Executive Leukemia and Lymphoma Society White Plains, June 9, 2005
Escaping out onto the sun-drenched pavement in the midday heat was a refreshing respite.
But the percentage of all hardcover and trade paperback books being sold in supermarkets has jumped by 50 percent since 2001, to nearly 1 percent of hardcovers and 1.4 percent of trade paperbacks, said Barrie Rappaport, chief analyst and manager of Ipsos BookTrends.
The commission said Titan funneled about $2 million to the 2001 election campaign of Benin's incumbent president "at the direction of at least one former senior Titan officer based in the United States."
Of course, Larsen's has its own T-shirts: $14 for the short-sleeve.
After mulling over the alternatives, and making sure that your backup is ready, you decide to take the trip.
Her house is near Lake Pontchartrain, as is her sister's.
But to my utter astonishment, as a consequence of years of business travel and frequent stays at hotels, including the occasional very swell ones both domestically and internationally, I seem to have actually acquired an appreciation of interior design.
"No longer are we hoping for kids who will meet the needs of our school system.
At what point does it begin to deteriorate?
FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON--Announced the resignations of Drew Brown, director of athletic communications, and Leslie Ramos, athletics department business manager.
"Everything that can be bad about this is bad," said George Gifford, who has been fighting development on his block on West Fifth Street in Bensonhurst.
Correction: November 10, 2005, Thursday An article on Oct. 6 about Gordon Alvarado, a company that sells refurbished residential properties, misstated the address of the company's Web site.
The curators have turned to the students in your class for help in developing a series of exhibits for this new wing, each exhibit focusing on a famous ancient Egyptian site and the antiquities found there.
He taught at the University of Chicago before becoming a professor at Columbia in 1955.
July 23 at 5:30 p.m.
"It is going to hurt in terms of wages."
On average, a woman is raped every two hours in Pakistan, and two women a day die in honor killings.
Of course, Republicans have their own brand of pragmatic-minded governors with crossover appeal, among them Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, and Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, both of whom may run for president as well.
"If you make your priorities clear from the beginning, nobody -- including you -- should give your decision a second thought," Ms. Zimmer said.
His strong public comment earlier this year, in favor of closing it, is invaluable.
May he rest in peace.
"I've seen people spending $700 or $800 for places you wouldn't keep your animals in."
Little Flower was one of 10 foster care contract agencies that were put under review last year by the city because their performance over the previous four years was subpar.
The food, fittingly, looks as pretty as the clientele and costs as much as thewomen's teetering heels, but disappoints for the price.
A fully functioning press cannot exist if reporters cannot protect their confidential sources.
"We've been waiting 35 years for it."
It is impossible to know what those inquiries will turn up, but so far there is no information on the public record that would indicate violations of the laws.
"It's basically a rectangle with sleeves," she said.
It said that some international carriers had begun bumping paying passengers from Zimbabwe-bound flights and using the freed-up weight for extra fuel.
As the beverage entered, the pressure was slowly released.
Reconstructions of past climate -- whether from 1,000 or 11,000 years ago -- are more than ancient history.
He understood very well that weapons were a deadly threat to humanity for the indefinite future.
"It's kind of staggering to me that a great fan like that would think so much of me.
It even published a book of architects' plans for A.D.U.
At Radio City, Mr. Knopfler also sang, in his stoically husky voice, about history's also-rans: about English workers surviving as "economic refugees" in Germany, about the uningratiating and unloved boxer Sonny Liston, and about a soldier in Napoleon's army growing desperate on the Russian front.
United, part of the UAL Corporation, is trimming expenses to help with its exit from bankruptcy.
As the building becomes less of a construction site and more an upscale hotel, room rates are likely to increase.
With that statement, Dr. Dean drew a contrast with more moderate candidates in the field -- in particular Timothy J. Roemer, a moderate former Indiana congressman -- who have suggested that the party must move to the center.
There's nothing inherently wrong with Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman's campaign to persuade consumers to reduce energy use voluntarily.
When he joined Midland, it was the only losing team in the A's farm system.
At the club, Webster Hall, a sparse crowd of about 75 people lent a bleak quality to what the marquee billed a "victory party."
"We're not close to a deal," said Senator Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina Republican who has been working on the issue with Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, on the NBC program "Meet the Press."
But its shows were respected and well attended, and tomorrow the gallery will open in an enlarged and much more ambitious form as the Museum of Biblical Art, which describes itself as the nation's first scholarly museum devoted to art and the Bible.
"We do sell quite a bit of it.
If a company refused to settle the weak claims, he said, a plaintiffs' lawyer could refuse to settle the strong claim.
But few in modern history can match Lyndon B. Johnson, who had skills for spotting and seducing power that are unrivaled today.
His charges, in turn, give their protector advice on how to woo a sexy English professor ( Anne Archer ), turning Sharp's surveillance equipment to good use.
Assemblyman Roger L. Green, a Brooklyn Democrat, pleaded guilty to billing the state for bogus expenses.
When it comes to law enforcement, people don't want to disturb the status quo."
And theirs is a serious movement; there are all kinds of differences and intolerances around the country, but most are not bolstered by Senate legislation and passages from the Bible.
PLANS BY THE MORMON CHURCH and Taubman Centers to redevelop two church-owned malls on Main Street in Salt Lake City have drawn criticism from the city's mayor, who says that enclosed shopping centers represent a failed model from the past.
Mr. Regina and teachers at Broadway Dance have complained that the news media vastly overstated the role of stripping in Ms. Woods's life.
And "The Sound of Music" was the movie that everybody hated but the people.
Mr. Nadler declined to comment on his thinking or on which candidate he would eventually endorse.
New Jersey has 566 municipal governments and 611 school districts, some of which don't even operate schools.
Add $80 every two weeks to pay for housekeeping, and, for the mother who has taken on the task of running the school benefit, $10,000, the lower end of the scale charged by Creative Event Planning, a party planning outfit in New York.
Heilman has navigated the path between starter and reliever with poise, but he yearns to start again.
"I've been waiting for this a long time," said Taylor, a 26-year-old native of Little Rock, Ark., who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Olympics.
In this population are about 30 who identify themselves as Native Americans.
Today, Freud's stress on the formative effect of the family romance seems less and less relevant amid endless deconstructions and permutations of the traditional family.
This is not about a majority or even a significant number of Bush nominees; it's about a handful with fringe views or shaky qualifications.
"We did not bring him in because he knows a debit or a credit or he can do an acquisition of a game company," Mr. Tsujihara said.
Although the deleted files may disappear when the Recycle Bin is emptied, there is a chance they may be lurking out of sight on the hard drive.
"It's to be smoked during a long, relaxing conversation over an hour or two."
First, the Republicans you support are against the progressive income tax and believe that it will be helpful if the size of government is reduced.
Students must have an associate degree and a 2.5 grade average, and must pass a Florida exam to be eligible to pursue a four-year degree at a community college.
This template is particularly relevant to a neighborhood that opposes the construction of new electric power plants in its midst.
"Spinnaker has made a joint venture with French and has submitted a request to the city for approval," Norwalk's mayor, Alex A. Knopp, said.
Mr. Chafee's offices in Providence and Washington have been flooded with phone calls as a result.
"There are so many levels to this situation," said Dr. Ann S. Maloney, an Upper East Side psychiatrist who recognizes the routine guises of denial.
"I'm very heartened by the fact that there has not been this pouncing, coming in with a dull knife to start hacking away," Mr. Reilly said, noting that G.E.
"As a quarterback, I appreciated the passer rating whether you threw the ball a majority of the time or if you didn't throw it as much.
Blond hair flying out of the back of his cap, Fe'ao unleashed a flurry of fastballs and shook his head at every Curaçao hitter who could not catch up.
Rather, they say, the obstacles in New York reflect a broader ambivalence about aiding the poor.
The food in the Rioja is hearty -- morcilla (blood sausage) at breakfast, beef stew at night, fish and game in season, and plenty of recipes made with ham, chorizo, beans, artichokes, white asparagus and red peppers in between.
"But that all changed because he'd fallen head over heels for baseball."
He received a grant to study highly successful social entrepreneurs, to determine what they have in common.
Ms. Hayes, a homemaker, and her husband, John, 52, who works for a nonprofit organization, have owned a weekend home on Balboa since 2001.
They pumped out two and a half million gallons of water, but game day brought more rain, a muddy field and a general conviction that Stanford, with a 17-pound-a-man advantage, could run the ball at will.
What with safe sex, prenuptial agreements and emotional air cushions of every stripe, we have almost managed to riskproof our relationships.
Snow Encourages Chinese to Spend and Borrow Treasury Secretary John W. Snow, touring a village in the Sichuan province, urged China to take lessons from the United States on how to spend more, borrow more and save less.
Margaret Spellings, the secretary of education, reacting to the findings, said she had appointed experts to a National Commission on the Future of Higher Education, which met here for the first time on Monday, in part to study tuition increases.
Sami Sayeed Muhammad, a T-shirt vendor in the market, had been waiting to catch a bus when the bomb exploded not far from where he was standing.
"We thought, what if we took the idea from the bus, what if Sydney was hanging on the back of a banner and we towed that around?"
Regulators say that in a 1994 outing aboard the Scottish Lass, General Re executives gave Mr. Patterson a $1 million check.
MEXICO CITY, July 3 - President Vicente Fox's party lost an important state election on Sunday, dealing a new blow to the president's declining fortunes and raising questions about his party's ability to mount a strong national campaign before the election for president next year.
A century ago, New Jersey's oyster business was in its prime.
The system, the renin-angiotensin pathway, which regulates the balance of body fluids, has long been associated with the lungs; the association is not new.
Rather, the former gardener's cottage seemed to be surrounded by nothing more than a field of dying daffodils and some abandoned farming equipment.
Cliché-phobic, I switched to Persols, but after some years I realized they were more Marcello Mastroianni than me, so I went back to my Wayfarers.
My father sweated over an open-hearth furnace for years, alongside his brothers and brothers-in-law.
It was sort of like that.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Mimi, daughter Elizabeth, and son Peter.
What do they do in the body?
When did this disease reach epidemic proportions, and what impact did it have on the population?
MARK LANDLER Correction: April 24, 2005, Sunday A capsule guide on April 17 with an article about Cologne, Germany, included an incorrect Web site for the Im Kupferkessel hotel.
Global History- Krakatoa, or Krakatau, as it is known in Indonesia, is said to be one of the biggest world events of the nineteenth century.
ST. LOUIS RAMS--Signed DT John Parella and OT Matt Willig to one-year contracts.
But he said it was too soon to tell if the look will become the standard for the thousands of student wrestlers.
He said, "Now, this concert was called 'I Declare War,' right?"
Tickets for individual lectures, if available, will be $17; students and those 65 and older, $12, on May 10; and $20 (students and those 65 and older, $15) on other dates.
As the rain continued to pour, he thanked the crowd for its determination.
Besides, he said, the land in question is marginal economically and at risk environmentally.
The Real Estate Tax Review Bar Association notes with sorrow the passing of Edith Spivack, a respected member of the Bar who labored long and hard for the betterment of the City of New York.
Important information, however, was gained in early testing about the pathogenesis of the disease and the use of therapeutic antibodies, and a limited number of previously infected chimps are still being used for H.I.V.
Behind the man, other riders sit reading newspapers.
The Schools The quality of local schools played a large role in Ms. Milady's and Mr. Baker's choice of Bay Ridge.
Healthy marshlands, for example, serve to purify the water that runs through them.
"They were in violation of our rules," she said.
The good news, for the authority, was that subway ridership declined by less than 1 percent, compared with an expected 2.9 percent decrease.
Joyce quite reasonably suggests to Rick that he resume taking his medication (Paxil).
"Where else could be better than to start off in New York?
Anecdotal evidence suggests that there are interesting new plays being written, but they can't easily penetrate the bulwark of the city's established not-for-profits.
The foundation, he said, distributed roughly $10 million a year in grants in Russia, mostly to Russian organizations and government institutions in a variety of fields, including education, AIDS and the arts.
Since the lease is a renewal, Ms. Barrack said, "the landlord should already have obtained satisfactory identification from this tenant, especially since the tenant has been in the apartment for almost three decades."
Bowen can indeed be read this way, beginning with her memoir, "Bowen's Court" (1942), and her delicate early novel of the Irish uprising, "The Last September" (1929).
There is nothing quaint about the current corporate booster structure.
To the Editor: Though I agreed with a good portion of what David Leavitt wrote in his essay "Out of the Closet and Off the Shelf" (July 17), I found myself saddened by his conclusion that gay bookstores may be obsolete.
The board, which is now conducting due diligence on candidates, may then move quickly.
and the numerous biotechnology companies there.
He decided for sure after August 2003, when she turned down a clerkship for a judge in Detroit, and moved into his 250-square-foot studio.
She and her business partner, Joan McGrath, go to the games, display their work and chat with the parents.
Fill a shaker with ice and add bourbon, vermouth, Grand Marnier, rosemary and Angostura bitters.
"Have Spacesuit -- Will Travel" (1958), another of his young-adult novels, sealed my feminist conversion.
Ms. Meyerson, 33, is the founder of Mini-Yogis for Kids, a studio in Los Angeles that she began in 2002.
They have guidance counselors and teachers with time to help.
The ranks of brothers and nuns have thinned to the point where lay people do most of the teaching.
When the chorus comes up, he explained, "you have to get down."
Evaluation / Assessment: Students will be evaluated based on participation in the initial task and subsequent class discussion, contribution to pair work and presentation, and thoughtful completion of the homework assignment.
Jarrett said little things like that helped him grow more comfortable.
TWENTY-FIVE years ago today, John Lennon was shot and killed outside his apartment building on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Mr. LaValle has always presented himself as a reformer, and last year he spearheaded changes to the town ethics code barring elected and appointed officials from also serving as leaders of political parties.
A. Aaron Shmulewitz, a Manhattan co-op lawyer, said that it not accurate to say that co-ops "usually" pay only interest on their mortgages.
There wasn't a house in the Garden District, or Uptown, that could not have been easily entered; there wasn't a house in either area that didn't have food and water to keep a family of five alive for a week; and there was hardly a house in either place that had been violated in any way.
On the contrary, Ripple insists on the virtue in amassing the details of his "insignificant life": "It doesn't add up to much but if I had a gift for it, I would make it more satisfying or beautiful or whatever, but not true."
Nor do I diminish the sorrow of families whose children have died after aping the actions of their favorite athletes.
-When you choose a college, what role will the college’s attitude toward technology play in your decision process, if any?
Principals have given approval, and parents have been encouraging.
While New York University participates in the Orphan Film Conference and is expected to become its host in the future, the March 2006 event will be at the University of South Carolina.
After Mr. Putin concluded his speech and returned to his seat, Mr. Bush appeared to compliment him.
At the end of that period, they found, West Germany had recovered, but East German cities had not.
Although consumers view such efforts with skepticism, Professor Rust said, airlines must keep up their marketing efforts, especially if competitors do the same.
Mr. Knights wanted to help because everyone is struggling with fuel prices, especially here, where heat was necessary on a late October morning.
And United Airlines waived fees for changes in travel through July 22.
James David Draper, the show's organizer and the curator in the Met's department of European sculpture and decorative arts, said cameos "remind us of our grandmothers."
If Mike Mussina comes through tonight's start with no problems, Manager Joe Torre said he would have to decide between Aaron Small and Chien-Ming Wang to start Sunday.
If a convention is not allowed, say, to put limits on the costs of operating hundreds of tiny school districts, tiny police departments and overlapping municipal governments, then its choices come down to raising taxes someplace else.
That would have been a feel-good experience.
Correction Appended TO some, the mention of West Virginia conjures images of hillbilly encounters and mountains leveled by coal companies.
"The ideal of handling these conflicts of interest," Dr. Kassirer said, "is not to have them at all."
WEAVER: Same with the sclera.
But soon her next-door neighbor added a porch and a family room to his house -- which sits on a 50-by-100-foot lot -- bringing the house eight feet closer and looming a story and a half above hers.
When the runners are on the downhill stretch, the finish line can seem closer than it is.
That is the same round in which fourth-seeded Serena Williams could face 14th-seeded Venus.
To the Editor: One reason labor unions are suffering ("Union Labor, Squeezed From All Directions," March 13) is the total lack of enforcement of our immigration laws.
You Brits are so anxious about advancing your station in life that it's amazing you get can out of bed in the morning.
Mrs. Cregan had left her home in rural Ireland two days before, telling her husband, a farmer and part-time plumber, that she would be attending a business course in Dublin.
With Ms. Abram and Ms. Drucker as co-directors, the new ensemble played its first concert on Jan. 22, 1965, at the Freeport Unitarian Church.
Outside the Kremlin's circle of influence the war has been broadly condemned for the corruption and brutality of Russian forces and the Chechen proxies they support.
As Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor, driven to murder and blessed with the most famous mad scene in all of opera, Ms. Dessay has received rave reviews.
If Professor Barrett finds that Microsoft is not complying with the ruling, the company faces fines of as much as 5 percent of its global sales every day until it does comply.
The researchers drew their conclusions from a series of federal health surveys that among other questions asked thousands of people about their drinking habits over a 20-year period.
Tyson Horner, a cherry-cheeked Iowan Falstaff and assistant general manager of the place, stood behind a densely graffiti-ed bar.
So does the rookie center Nenad Krstic, who had 10 points, all in the first half.
-Do these eating habits change throughout the year?
"There is no medical evidence whatsoever to support the assertion that Zaire died as a result of the immunizations," Mr. Ryan said, and encouraged parents to continue vaccinating their children.
Human rights groups, including Amnesty International, have reported that the Kaibiles, named after a revered Mayan warrior who avoided capture by Spanish conquistadors, are considered some of the most skilled jungle fighters in Central America.
Once regarded as the coolest team on the West Coast, Oregon had to cede its title to the Trojans.
Foam and resi have "enabled us to stay healthy," he said.
He said that after his stunt at the Super Bowl in Houston, the jury turned down the prosecutor's request for jail time and instead fined him $1,000.
When all opinions are considered subjective, no moral ground remains for protesting against lies and injustices.
I don't think in the moment many people realized this was the start of an ascending movement.
At high pressure, these materials could form molecules suitable for making gasoline or diesel.
You prefer to stay near home?
Shiites make up only 10 to 15 percent of the population, but most of them live in the Eastern Province, where the kingdom's major oil fields are located.
(Even Ms. Hughes of "Belfast" remembers seeing an article about Ms. Streep's involvement and thinking: "Meryl Streep?
"I lost a lot of things of sentimental value to me," Ms. Powell said, "a lot of things that I can't replace."
The Joffrey Ballet of Chicago still seems to be predominantly American, as does City Ballet, though it has always had foreign stars, too, like the Danish Peter Martins, its current director, or the French Sofiane Sylve.
At 80 years old, Ms. Faison campaigned door to door in one of the grittiest cities in America.
Platon Lebedev, Mr. Khodorkovsky's co-defendant and partner, had his sentence cut to eight years from nine.
Mr. McCain's measure, which the Senate has overwhelmingly approved, would require that only interrogation techniques authorized by the new Army field manual be used on prisoners held by the military.
BAGHDAD, Iraq, Jan. 23 - An Internet audiotape posted Sunday in the name of the United States' most wanted man in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, gave the clearest warning yet that insurgents would try to wreck the elections next Sunday to choose a 275-member assembly and a transitional government, along with 18 provincial councils and a Kurdish regional assembly.
The collision is most obvious in the restaurant renovations that he completed in the mid-80's on the west side of Los Angeles: 72 Market Street, Kate Mantilini and Angeli.
But I also realize that to contend with a very educated soccer base we have to present them with the personalities and star power that other teams around the world have."
An additional $100,000 came the museum's way in 2003.
Abrams said that they had not been informed that the firm was employing former Miller, Lilly workers.
The piece was about a foot square and heavy enough to have caused serious injury.
On DVD, It's 'Buffy' for Beginners Fox Home Entertainment is releasing the first episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and other shows on low-priced DVD's, hoping buyers will upgrade to full-season sets.
True, she chose voluntarily to retire."
"The Iraqi street is dying, and if we approve this document we might be accused of measures that we are not guilty of," he said.
It's not anything the city is doing."
Ms. Rice and others insist that their present impatience with the North Koreans -- and their demand that they return to the disarmament talks right now -- should not be taken as an ultimatum, partly because they are not yet sure what they can do if the North continues to refuse.
He was an honorary chair of UJC and founding chairman of the Board of Governors of UJC's overseas partner, the Jewish Agency for Israel.
Thomas Van Leunen, a Navy spokesman.
The May cover of the hip-hop magazine Vibe was on the mark when it depicted fallen rappers standing among tombstones under the headline: "Hip-Hop Murders: Why Haven't We Learned Anything?"
Gen. George W. Casey Jr., the top American commander in Iraq, plans to speak on several morning network news programs on Monday.
The system can locate anything with a transponder, and transponders are easily mounted on tugs, baggage carts, snow plows or anything else that might be on a ramp, taxiway or runway.
Factory or no factory, this is a painting about the river, atmosphere and light.
His decision showed how he resolved the dilemma.
Mr. Miller initially did not support the bill, which was opposed by the mayor and landlord groups, and Mr. Perkins had to wait nearly a year before the speaker even scheduled hearings on it.
Memorial service Monday July 25 at 4PM, Frank E Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Av, NYC.
9:30 p.m., Joe's Pub, at the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212)239-6200.
I realized how to make and how not to make movies.
Jefferson was the only player drafted in the first round.
One supervisor said he understood that eliminating conductors was a precursor to a more technologically advanced system, but admitted he had doubts.
"I like being Muslim," said Mr. DaSilva.
It makes clear that he would not have talked with Mr. Woodward had the reporter not guaranteed him absolute confidentiality, a promise that reporters today -- like Judith Miller of The New York Times and Time magazine's Matthew Cooper, who have been held in contempt for refusing to testify about their confidential sources -- cannot make without facing the possibility of being sentenced to jail.
Mostly, I try to do lighting — I try to bring some ray of optimism or some solution to every problem.
Beard added: "This won't get me another job, but that's the truth.
"I can't imagine a priest doing this.
There, his plays -- including "Some Americans Abroad," "Two Shakespearean Actors" and more recently, "Madame Melville" -- have found enthusiastic audiences.
FEAST OF OUR LADY OF MOUNT CARMEL AND SAINT PAULINUS OF NOLA, North Eighth Street and Havemeyer Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
The water buffalo cart crossing to Yubu costs $12 round trip, and includes entrance to the botanic garden.
Like other New York institutions, it would be given a year to pay.
Daniel Guzewicz, the chairman of the Zoning Board of Appeals, said that the board was trying to stay above the "smoke and mirrors" of the swirling accusations.
What are my plans for myself?
"At times, when I've been frustrated over a situation and didn't really buy into my role, it might have affected how I played out there," Robinson said.
Paramount paid a total of $1.6 billion, which included more than $500 million in outstanding debt, $775 million to the DreamWorks principals and $225 million to repay additional loans that had been made to DreamWorks by Universal, Technicolor and HBO, according to a Paramount executive involved in the deal.
"What good is me going back with my family to a city that is dead?"
In Europe, it is taking us and will take us three years to see that.
Gradually, she says as much about herself as the showy performances staged and filmed by Mike Kelley, who makes his points by adapting the rituals of high school pageants.
'NO VISA REQUIRED: FILMS FROM THE MIDDLE EAST,' Cantor Film Center, New York University, 36 East Eighth Street, Greenwich Village.
The airport in Little Rock, Ark., is about 110 miles from Hope.
Dragan Bogic, 32, of Astoria, Queens, drives a van from a painting company and typically carries $100 in coins.
The Democratic alternative, relying as it does on the moral judgments of Ph.D.'s and Oscar winners, subscribes to no such pretension.
This is the invisible fault line that runs through the show.
They will rebuild as they have after storms of the past; and they will stay in New Orleans because it is where they have always lived, where their mothers and their fathers lived, where their churches were built by their ancestors, where their family graves carry names that go back 200 years.
Her site's popularity continued right through Friday's indictment of I. Lewis Libby, the White House staff member accused of making false statements during an investigation into the leak of a Central Intelligence Agency operative's name.
Nowadays people can eat whatever they want, as much as they want, whenever they want.
The office has issued preliminary rejections of all five wireless e-mail patents in the past.
What exactly, you asked, should such a redefined workplace look like?
Bridge E8 TV Listings E11 Crossword E6 Weather C20
"We accept ACT and SAT scores on an absolutely equal basis," said William Fitzsimmons, director of admissions at Harvard.
Two private jets are scheduled to land today at the airport, which has been allocated 48 slots daily for arrivals and departures.
"I read the book that afternoon," she said.
Another of Mr. Wilkes's companies, Group W Advisors, paid over $600,000 in lobbying fees to Alexander Strategies, a consulting firm that employed Mr. DeLay's wife, Christine, and several former DeLay staff members, according to The Associated Press and reports in The San Diego Union-Tribune.
He organized the evening into three short sets, and the program included the three songs mentioned above, as well as some jazz pieces basically known to deep initiates, gospel and soul songs, film music and melancholy originals.
Wellington Mara has had an ownership stake in the team that his father founded since he was 14.
The attacks came as hundreds of political leaders opposed to Iraq's new constitution gathered in the capital to issue demands for changes to the document and plan a popular campaign against it.
But this was only the company's fourth premiere since the James Levine era began in 1971.
We had no clue what the outside world looked like, and suddenly we had an opportunity to study."
But Saudi officials -- and many Western analysts -- consider these forecasts unrealistic.
A bus that stops at the front door gets you to the Staten Island Ferry in less than 20 minutes.
A 12-piece box of the Legendary Lovers chocolates costs $18 and includes flavors like lavender honey (aka the George and Gracie) and almond crunch (the Odysseus).
"I'm guessing if it was something real bad, I'd have heard about it," Torre said.
We hit the park, using our handy FastPass to skip the line snaking into Pirates of the Caribbean, which again suggests more "Deadwood" than Mickey Mouse.
The police sent an emergency response team to speak with the pilot and the passengers aboard the jet, which was stopped on the tarmac and kept away from the terminal, said Mr. Taplin, who described the false hijacking signal as a mechanical malfunction.
By more than 2 to 1, they favor investing in universal prekindergarten before improving K-12 education.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 3 - Carl Pavano worked six innings in a start for Class A Tampa on Wednesday, allowing 3 runs and throwing 77 pitches.
And he said: 'I never steal from friends.
If he does it or not, that's another story, but kids love that, and adults do too, I think."
Lo in a telephone interview Friday.
His shooting was reminiscent of a few games before he was traded out of Boston in 2003.
Problems fester, and then the slightest insult or missed meeting dissolves the strongest of bonds.
In a day of fast-paced developments, perhaps the most startling news was that the operator of the subway train in which an innocent man was mistakenly killed by the police on Friday almost met the same fate himself.
Heidegger refers to 1887 as "the year in which everything about him radiates an excessive brilliance and in which therefore at the same time a terrible boundlessness advances out of the distance."
We extend our deepest sympathy to her family.
Brokers: Prudential Holmes & Kennedy; Coldwell Banker Carlson.
The good-girl heroine isn't the only standard Bollywood type to be transformed.
In these countries, science is taught separately from religion.
A PDF version of the map can then be downloaded.
Other than a recent James McGreevey appearance in the Pines (which still draws some boldface gay names) Fire Island wasn't in the news all summer.
Michael F. Willis, also of Amityville, was charged with the same counts, the police said, because he drove Mr. Heyward as they followed the bus.
Mr. Polanski, left, who won the Oscar for best director for "The Pianist" in 2003, is suing the British publishers of Vanity Fair for a July 2002 article he says defamed him.
The hardest thing these days in the multichannel universe is getting somebody to tune in in the first place."
MADISON AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, 921 Madison Avenue, at 73rd Street, Manhattan.
Men drink, bellow, smoke and play poker.
About 1,000 men were surveyed.
The cookies are sold in natural and health food stores for around $4 for the big package, 89 cents for the small.
Investors who elect not to participate in the settlement can file their own lawsuits against KPMG, but doing so may be a tough legal battle.
But it gets worse: in its Super Bowl commercial, millions of viewers saw an urban, hip teenager snapping away at various break-dancing friends, and then displaying freeze-frame close-ups of the resulting brilliant, crystal-clear pictures on the m:robe's screen.
I think those who advocate immediate withdrawal from not only Iraq but the Middle East are advocating a policy that would weaken the United States.
That's no sin, but it is what it is.
The scene across the steep terraced mountains of the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir remains one of devastation and dislocation.
Yesterday, Bernadette Feeney, the friend who introduced the couple, said she has been anguished since learning of Ms. Lochtefeld's death.
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
"In the Central African Republic, which is one of the poorest places on earth, we have 6 percent of what we asked for," he said.
Waived DL Larry Burt, DB Charles Byrd, DB Justin Fraley, WR Bradley Chavez, WR Bill Flowers and RB Adimchinobe Echemandu.
BAGHDAD, Iraq, Dec. 26 - An analysis of preliminary voting results released Monday from the Dec. 15 parliamentary election suggests that in contrast to the remarkable surge in Sunni Arab participation in the political process, the Sunnis still have comparatively little representation in the Iraqi security forces.
"In other words, 'This isn't my house, so I can do as I please."'
The victims had been killed at least three days earlier, and they were found with their hands and feet tied or handcuffed, he said.
Yet, in a reflection of the relatively smooth sailing the Brooklyn project has enjoyed, one of two men on that board who scuttled the West Side plan this week, Senate Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno, indicated yesterday that he would support the new arena for the Nets, who would move to Brooklyn from New Jersey.
ON THE CONTRARY Daniel Akst is a journalist and novelist who writes often about business.
After a bargaining session that began Monday night and stretched into the next morning, the union was so confident of successfully finishing talks that it scheduled a news conference for mid-morning Tuesday.
Almost imperceptibly, most of the other traditional prohibitions evaporated.
He did this both as an editor of all the institute's publications, more than 350, and as the author of 28 books and some 230 articles.
Correction Appended MILAN, Jan. 10 - Smokers and restaurant owners in Italy were fuming in a rather different way on Monday after a tough new law that bans smoking in public places -- one of the strictest in Europe -- went into effect.
The biggest challenge for Verizon, though, is how to take control of all of Verizon Wireless.
The state, as well as the city's police officials, thought building the tunnel along the western edge of the site would help contain the damage to the Freedom Tower in the event of a car or truck bomb.
"There's always going to be some last-minute inventory, but in order to make that work for their vacations, people need to be flexible," said Kari Swartz, a spokeswoman for Expedia.
It went like this all the way to the Ochsner E.R.
Various artists fuse their life experience with characters from history and mythology to create fantasy characters, while others engage popular stereotypes.
AARP, the influential lobby for older Americans, is rallying opposition to Mr. Bush's plan and running newspaper advertisements opposed to it.
"'This is your only hope.'
The report provided new evidence that inflationary pressure may have peaked for the year -- and peaked at the lowest level of any business cycle since 1960.
Tom Boonen, a Belgian rider, finished in 4 hours 36 minutes 9 seconds for his second successive stage victory.
Morgan Stanley is actually subleasing the space from Wachovia, the bank that is moving out of 1 New York Plaza this month.
Centralization is an uncommon luxury these days; many designers often lug furniture around to a series of independent artisans.
In it, he was named as a candidate for collaboration.
As a teacher of English, I spend most of my evenings and weekends evaluating student writing, planning class lessons and attending to administrative responsibilities.
Manning has been sacked once every 39 times he has dropped back (pass attempts plus sacks) this season.
And my job is to make sure that I think the long term, make sure that not only do we have a team that's good enough to compete this year, but also for next year and years after that."
After evacuating several office buildings and shops in the neighborhood, a police bomb squad detonated the briefcase with a small explosive device.
Another candidate is Joyce Johnson, 58, a former Democratic district leader and the director of operations for a charter school in the Bronx.
Information: (518) 943-7465 or www.thomascole.org.
She also plans on taking some time off but says she hopes to return to the newsroom.
Ms. Perino said that much of the information sought by the private group was available from public sources.
Instead it has left them on the outside looking in as gleaming skyscrapers rise quickly around them.
Well, the 1930 census lists only a few residents -- and no ballplayers -- for this address.
He dedicated himself to soccer, making the six-hour round trip to Dallas several times a week to play with club teams.
You don't demand, you pray for relief or move for some action."
What was the best way to fight her war against cancer, she asked herself that night in 1995, as she struggled to decide about treatment.
The top floor of the house was destroyed.
FINGER FOOD After the constant sticker shock of Tokyo, it was refreshing to enter the Subway restaurant on Paseo de las Marianas, one of three Subways on Saipan and feed Dad and three teenage boys for $17.98.
New leaders were appointed to two of the three city departments where federal agents have seized records in recent months.
The Foundation's address is Grand Central Station, PO Box 4777, NY, NY 10163.
Every dish on the menu is also available à la carte.
Weight 3,329 pounds (automatic version) Height 56 inches Length 168.7 inches Width 69.5 inches Price $26,220 (automatic) Scion xB, xA Toyota wants to capitalize on the public's desire for custom-made goods in its youth-oriented Scion division.
Footnotes With a cast including Eddie Kaye Thomas, below, of "American Pie" and Eliza Dushku of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," the play "Dog Sees God," one of the hits of the 2004 Fringe Festival, will have an Off Broadway run at the Century Theater in Manhattan, beginning Dec. 15.
In Poland, the swing was from a gain of 4.7 percent to a loss of 0.2 percent.
Vandeweghe said, "What I guarantee you is there will be somebody, somewhere, kind of mid to late first round, who turns out to be a heck of a player."
"I'm intimidated by it," said Carey Davies, 19, visiting from Leeds, England, with his mother and sister.
"I was rooting for Omar, personally," Cashman said yesterday after the 4 p.m. trading deadline.
His father is a professor of mathematics at Kingsborough Community College in Brooklyn.
The memorial jury expressed a desire to make his design more green, so he teamed up with the landscape architect Peter Walker.
2.03 2.05 1.70 10-yr. T-note 4.40 4.43 4.32 30-yr. T-bond 4.62 4.66 4.96 Telephone bd.
To the Editor: As a liberal academic who often urges colleagues to consider conservative views, I agree with much of what John Tierney writes.
Assad told me he had moved to open general debate in Syria, permitting new criticism of the regime.
It summarizes each of his five "Cremaster" films.
All too often, notes the Greater New York Hospital Association -- the absence of legal authorization leads to one of two bad outcomes.
She leaves her children, Alfred B. Lewis III, Anne H. Lewis, and Katherine R. Lewis; her grandchildren, Paul, Elizabeth, Katie, Caroline, Olivia and Colin; her brother, Thomas Sullivan; and 11 nieces and nephews.
That is also partly why the earthquake, initially measured at magnitude 9.0, is now regarded as having been between magnitude 9.1 and 9.3.
Church Avenue pulses with commercial activity, but the shopping street of choice for most is Cortelyou Road a block away.
Rankings reflect sales, for the week ended Nov. 19, at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
Martin L. DePoy, a spokesman for the Coalition to Insure Against Terrorism, made up of trade associations, corporations and nonprofit groups, called this reasoning "flawed."
In the former, I have been privileged to advise the president and his staff.
CONS: While the street is quiet, level and child-friendly, the yard is too small for romping.
It's something few upscale hotels can offer -- luxury and authenticity.
Both goals came into play in Racine.
"Even the Yankees have to have a limit."
Nascar has put races at Bristol and Martinsville back to back in a quirk of scheduling that could lead to some retaliation Sunday.
Still, bankers have often mentioned HVB as a potential merger partner for Commerzbank, another large German private bank, and those rumors could be revived by Unicredito's interest.
At 7 or 7:30 we would go out to dinner, many nights at Morton's.
By the time I logged on, read the bulletin board, did my work, I was up until 1.
Perhaps most crucially, two decades of bad word of mouth seemed almost impossible to overcome.
Neither group would provide details.
The city, in fact, is required to create treatment plans for the most seriously disturbed upon their release.
On one screen, the artists Gilbert and George, filmed in crude 1972 video, sipped cocktails while classical music played and a voice intoned over and over, "Gordon's makes us drunk."
Ms. Hampton, 34, is keeping her name.
Meanwhile, the Pentagon's inspector general charged that the Air Force had tried to award a hugely expensive leasing deal to Boeing in what an internal e-mail note described as a company "bailout."
Typical searches are less detailed, and can cost as little as 20 cents a name.
The chain bookstores have been designed to accommodate lots of people, and to make each one comfortable for hours.
Late May to early August is the season of "midnattgolf," when, supposedly, you can circle the course 16 times in 24 hours, as a South African guest claimed to have done in 2001.
He argued that by using his own fortune he is eliminating the influence of moneyed interests on his mayoralty.
But foreign investors are looking more closely at the stock, she said.
"We're pretty much beginning to do what we can by foot," he said.
"We figured six e-mails is indicative of more people who knew about the illegal site, had seen it, or heard about it."
His arrest comes two weeks after State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi issued a scathing audit of Miller Lilly & Pearce, an accounting firm that audits more than a third of Long Island's school districts, including William Floyd and Roslyn.
And it is pure, melting-on-the-tongue confection.
Mr. Waitt has been selling about 75,000 Gateway shares a day to cut his stake to 82 million shares, or about 22 percent.
She also said that the camp authorities seemed greatly harried as they tried to cope with the situation.
"It goes with the territory," Carter said before his worst game in recent memory was negated by the work of Richard Jefferson and Jason Kidd.
The ruling is likely to have an impact in other cases pending in courts around the country involving the administration's rules on emission controls, including several cases in which New York is suing power companies.
Senior Rabbi Nancy Solomon, President
The hotel's barman and whiskey scholar, John Moriarty, has at least 60 bottles open at any one time.
What types of words (or parts of speech) were used more often than others?
The attacks are sometimes purely about humiliation.
Since the beginning of President Bush's second term, and since an early incantation from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that "the time for diplomacy is now," a main priority has been to align American and European strategies on Iran.
Not long ago, she played the slots and lost big.
A sister told the cameras that her firefighter brother died in the towers that day in the service of his country.
They include John M. Haas, president of the National Catholic Bioethics Center in Philadelphia.
But investigators say they suspect that he and two associates in Southern California were using other countries as stopping points for their military shipments, with Iran as the ultimate destination, according to the law-enforcement officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not allowed to comment publicly on an investigation in progress.
He asks us our waist size, which the publicist, who is listening in, says is pretty good, but Mr. LaLanne says it needs to come down: "If you can't afford 20, 30 minutes, you've got to be psycho.
Asking that a child behave himself in such a place is not an attempt to tell parents how to raise their children.
Contributions to Legal Services for Children, 271 Madison Ave, NY, NY 10016, or Brooklyn Legal Services Corporation A, Shriver Tyler MacCrate Center for Justice, 256-260 Broadway, Brooklyn, New York 11211.
"It is very difficult with a high school kid or a kid with one year of college," Ed Stefanski, the Nets' general manager, said last week.
Among the focuses, he said, will be "who said what, why, and why do we think this is true?"
* denotes a highly recommended concert.
From the north, leave I-84 at Exit 39 and take Route 4 west and north before turning north on Route 179.
One of the instructors, Diana Laurenson, noted that she herself had colleagues who had once danced for rent money in strip clubs "and gone on to do six Broadway shows."
Ms. Pryce herself took 60 percent of the vote in 2004, her lowest margin since 1992.
Correction Appended "THERE are not many stories you can do about the west that are any good," the director Howard Hawks once said in his shrewd and cranky old age.
The man's weapon turned out to be a starter's pistol.
TRENTON, Dec. 16 - New Jersey officials on Friday announced $5 million in grants for stem cell research, including studies involving human embryonic stem cells.
The moist and meaty fish was blessed with a tangy gingered plum sauce (not too sweet), a garnish of sliced plums and a scoop of forbidden rice.
"I think people are comforted by evidence that those in charge of security are doing all they can," he said.
That program was to be broadcast last night as the opening segment in four hours of programming focused on putting the hurricane in historical context.
Devoted husband to Mary; loving brother to Sally, Mollye and Allen; proud uncle; and supportive friend to all who needed him.
He also took "full responsibility" for the intermittent failure of a search tool on the MSNBC Web site, to which he had directed viewers as a means to find the cheapest gas in their neighborhoods.
On Feb. 25, six days later, the same 747 flew 11 hours on three engines when an engine gave out on a flight from Singapore to London.
It typifies the sly manner in which the musical manages to exploit the appeal of the pop genre it's parodying even as it accentuates its silliness.
Whether the mayor knew of the order is not known.
The pages were part of Judge David S. Tatel's concurring opinion on Feb. 15, 2005, against Ms. Miller and Mr. Cooper in a decision issued by a federal appeals court.
At disaster planning meetings, he said, "the answer was often silence."
True, but let us take a look at the shady side as well.
He said he would renovate it, with attention paid to its period details.
"Nowadays, the opportunities are huge," she said.
In Hoboken, the city clerk said Mayor Roberts won 37 percent of the vote.
Although some say the challenge to fees is coming from pressure created by the Internet, Steve Murray, the editor of Real Trends, a research firm covering the national residential real estate market, said there is as much heat on commissions coming from within the industry as from outside it.
Using software, if he doesn't like the sound of the bass player, "I just delete him," he added.
The New Jersey Symphony's Achilles' heel remains its winds and brass, and there were moments in the concerto when the entire orchestra seemed to be slightly out of sync with the piano -- in its energy if not actually in its rhythm.
But with Southwest Airlines and US Airways both at about 13 percent, competition keeps prices low, with an average one-way fare of $137, below the national average of $146, according to Fitch.
Critics of the current system favor giving opponents of wealthy candidates more public dollars.
The board first allowed online content in 1999, but only for the Public Service award, a category in which a newspaper marshals all its resources to demonstrate how it has performed meritorious public service.
"Psychology, with an emphasis in criminology.
"This is a day of last resort," added Stephen L. Morris, a lawyer bringing his clients' bankruptcy petitions to the court in Lower Manhattan.
Geographically, they stretch from Teterboro and Little Ferry in the north to Jersey City and Kearny to the south.
Our heartfelt sympathy to our dear and close friend Herb.
Decades after Peter Brook's original production, which I saw at the Royal National Theater in London in 1968, Ted Hughes's adaptation seems even more vividly contemporary and shocking than it did then.
The piece may have been inspired by "Nighthawks," the Edward Hopper painting of a lonely urban bar at night.
The 18 senators on the Judiciary Committee, 10 Republicans and 8 Democrats, are keenly aware that they too will be judged.
The judge's court reporter, Julie Ann Brandau, was also shot and killed.
"We have to cover it kind of randomly," Dr. Zhotabayev said.
When I was 16, I bought my first car -- a brand-new 1979 Honda Civic.
The networks and production companies apparently were huddled at the edge of the precipice, waiting for one of them -- in this case, the brave Mr. Iger -- to jump first.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 23 - Eagles 20, Chargers 17 During the third quarter Sunday, Philadelphia safety Quintin Mikell detected a way to awaken a somnolent game against San Diego.
After all, they find, screen, spray-tan and style eligible singles.
A tree-lined driveway leads to the main house, and the property overlooks the river.
Manufacturers Expanded Last Month, but Costs Climbed The nation's manufacturing sector shook off the impact of Hurricane Katrina and robustly expanded during September, but prices for raw materials surged, raising the prospect of higher inflation and interest rates.
Steve Nash, the enduringly popular ex-Maverick, had 27 points and a playoff-career-high 17 assists, and the Suns took a 2-1 lead in this Western Conference semifinal series.
At a number of points, men off camera can be heard urging on the boy and his mother, sister and brother, who also made statements.
She graduated from the University of Vermont.
She was the recipient of numerous awards during her lifetime for her outstanding volunteer service.
He said Mr. Woodward stopped by his desk to tell Mr. Pincus that he "wasn't the only one who had been told," about Ms. Wilson's identity before it was publicly revealed in a syndicated column by Robert D. Novak on July 14, 2003.
Or, you can take it as an exercise in contemporary history painting, ambitious in scope, continually updated, sturdily unprecious in style.
Our lives revolve around the L train," she said.
Except for a CD of early works on Bridge and a recording of "Lighthouses" on the defunct Collins Classics label, Mr. Mason's music has gone virtually unrecorded.
The Democrats have not announced their nominee.
His lawyer, Gary Naftalis, said he had not seen the suit, "but obviously we will vigorously defend the case."
"We don't have anybody else but each other," Pachulia said.
Padgett said he had taken Frank's message to play stress-free to heart.
Museum Main Gallery, 265 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, (617) 253-4444, web.mit.edu/museum ($5; age 5 to 18, $2; closed Monday), you'll find robots, 3-D holograms, including one of the remains of a 2,000-year-old man discovered in a bog in England, and an exhibition of photographs that capture instants in time like when a bullet explodes through an apple.
Graffiti characters replaced comic books as his primary visual influence.
"We rest our case on the production numbers, but most of the time it's Nathan and Matthew in their skulduggery."
STRINGER GALLERY OF FINE ART "The Great American Landscape -- Upholding the Tradition," exhibition of paintings by John Philip Osborne.
Just a few waves behind: a tugboat.
It doesn't sound promising: a beefed-up bar band led by a singer who'd rather tell stories.
The men's hockey team gets its Oscar-like moment Dec. 19 in St. Paul, when USA Hockey unveils its pick of N.H.L.
Hard and unpleasant as cleanup work is, there are Louisianians willing to do it, said Barry Kaufman, the business manager of Construction and General Laborers' Local 689 in New Orleans.
She stared at me dumbfounded and said, "Bob, my name is 'Inoyou."'
The records also confirm what Democrats have long suspected: Mr. Bloomberg, a Republican, has lured top Democratic operatives to his campaign with salaries that are beyond those of typical New York City mayoral campaigns, which have tended to be hand-to-mouth affairs.
But there was one spot with no line whatsoever: the ladies' room.
The plan to merge Aeroméxico and Mexicana was initially blocked by Mexico's antitrust agency, the Federal Competition Committee.
In his late 40's, Robert B. Oxnam had a résumé bespeaking rare achievement.
Meanwhile, Mr. Rosen's 6,000 customers, many of them local businesses and community groups in the New York tri-state area, were slowly losing their e-mail and Web sites.
Some companies, burdened with property taxes and mindful of the social impact of closing resorts in one-industry towns, walked out of the business by selling their ski area to the local municipality for one yen.
The Steve Swallow/Ohad Talmor Sextet continues through tomorrow at the Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-2232.
Into his early 90's, Irving was an avid golfer.
On Wednesday the committee also issued a subpoena to the Defense Department for documents relating to its preparations and response to Hurricane Katrina.
If the holdings are determined to conflict with official responsibilities, the employees will be asked to sell these shares, officials said.
The panels review about 120 cases a day, three days a week.
As for Washington, who was born and reared in New Orleans, he was eager to visit his home after the season.
While promising to notify schools in a timely fashion this year, the education commissioner of Texas, Shirley Neeley, said, "Classrooms and teachers will not be harmed by this fine."
The penalty for a late sign-up is significant -- an increase in premiums of 1 percent for every month past the deadline.
A transcript was released on Thursday.
"They get into you, they outwork you.
Here are some fresh examples: Gov.
Even if Young is at his best, Texas will encounter some major obstacles on its way to the Rose Bowl.
These women specialize in perfect marriages, idealized lovers and good sex.
One of those priorities is the bishop's wife, played by the breathtakingly lovely Loretta Young.
Then, in 2004, with Mr. Piligian, they pitched it to the Spike channel, which calls itself the first network for men.
On greens too hard and too fast from a surprise wind Saturday night and Sunday, only one golfer, Robert Allenby, shot a par 70.
Suddenly, the Giants were flirting with self-sabotage once again.
In the evening's most ominous moment, a tense, springy pop-jazz arrangement of Cole Porter's "Love for Sale," Mr. Mitchell becomes an avaricious flesh peddler, bending and twirling notes like Al Jarreau as he warily prowls the street, hawking his wares.
There's no reason to revive "A Fool for You" for City Ballet, but Mr. Martins was right about one thing: it worked in a park.
Forward Joe Smith said: "I tell him after every practice that I catch myself holding my breath.
Shimmon said Roman Ruler would stay in the East for the remainder of the year and would be pointed toward the Aug. 27 Travers at Saratoga.
She worked for 12 years at the Diocese of Rockville Centre and retired again at 83 years.
Part of the Hard Case Crime series, the book is packaged to look like a dime-store paperback from the 1950's, though the setting is contemporary.
He writes with poignancy about watching his father die and becomes absorbed with the question of impermanence and his mortality.
A New Weapon for Wal-Mart: A War Room 2.
Monday at 2 p.m. Kwanzaa celebration with C. Katunge Meme.
The train only last year resumed regular service between Moscow and Chechnya's capital, Grozny, and previous attacks have come on holidays.
Aligned in rows of chairs alongside Beccaria, seated like jurors, were 11 other coaches.
Some analysts criticized the plan for its lack of details.
But this I know as well: conception is not pregnancy any more than a first sentence is a novel.
Power is Stanton Carlisle, a carnival barker who purloins the secret of a stage mind-reading act from a down-and-out co-worker (Joan Blondell) and promotes himself into a Chicago nightclub headliner with unchecked ambitions and an eye toward the lucrative spiritualism racket.
The reforms after Elisa's death -- a reorganized department with a restored budget and better caseworker training -- were matched by a commitment by Mr. Scoppetta to openness.
At a dinner party, the Priorat we drank with the tagine was a delicious 1997 Rotllan Torra, brought by our guests.
Lt. Col. Brad K. Blackner, the spokesman for the joint task force that runs the detention center, said in response to questions that the assertions were false.
Something about the story spoke directly to Nate and me.
(Manohla Dargis) 'BALZAC AND THE LITTLE CHINESE SEAMSTRESS' (No rating, 111 minutes, in Mandarin and French) Dai Sijie, adapting his novel, looks back at the Chinese Cultural Revolution of the early 1970's, relating a touching, bittersweet love story that is also a testament to the power of literature in times of political repression.
Law enforcement officials said that in the intervening years, Mr. Stumpf, 62, of Guttenberg, N.J., a longtime friend and an associate of Mr. Kohl's, became the frontman of a new entity, IDI Construction, that was, in fact, owned by Mr. Kohl.
Ms. Korpi said her interest in science dates back as far as she can remember, but her path to cardiac research began in 10th grade.
He was a member of the Allegheny Country Club, the Philadelphia Club, Yale Club, NY, the York Harbor Reading Room, and the York Golf and Tennis Club.
Since then, the jury has deliberated only on Monday and Wednesday this week and will not resume until next Monday.
Grand Hotel Timeo (Via Teatro Greco 59; 011 39 0942 23801).
Mr. Gaon said the Russian government had reneged on loans made by his company, NOGA, which had grown from an original debt of $60 million to nearly $900 million, plus interest.
BUENOS AIRES, Oct. 23 - In a national referendum on gun control, voters in Brazil appear to have overwhelmingly rejected a sweeping permanent prohibition on the sale of arms and ammunition.
James R. Tobin, Boston Scientific's president and chief executive, asked Wall Street analysts during a conference call.
They were executing the old African-American alchemy of tribulation into joy.
More than once, American soldiers have taken an Iraqi teenager and compelled him to dig his grave, then forced him to kneel, put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger in a mock execution.
"OPEC members are already pumping at full capacity and can do nothing about prices," Bijan Zanganeh, the oil minister of Iran, OPEC's second-largest producer behind Saudi Arabia, said in Tehran before traveling to Vienna.
They spend hours talking to tenants on the phone or at their apartments.
Hewitt is ranked second in the world behind Federer and ahead of Roddick, who is fourth in the rankings.
8 P.M. (ABC) LOST -- "The Journey."
Also, the two sites thought to hold the most potential to yield large sums, at the racetracks at Aqueduct and Yonkers, do not yet offer video lottery terminals.
history to reach 10,000 yards receiving, as the Broncos handled Kansas City from start to finish, winning, 30-10.
They have come to understand that their life here -- where they came in 1979 and raised six children, and where their son, Yochanan, a navy commando who was killed on a 1997 mission in Lebanon, is buried -- is coming to an end.
"The board felt it's time for a change," Helen Ng, the chief executive officer of the Hong Kong Ballet, said in an e-mail message.
Ms. Reisen said, "Everyone was relieved that the world hadn't ended.
Their assets grew 54 percent from the end of 2001 through last December, according to the Financial Research Corporation in Boston.
How did Mr. da Silva’s party view the plan before it came to power?
Other companies have toned down their advertising after F.D.A.
BRAZILIAN HAROSETH Adapted from Mathilda Steinberg Time: 20 minutes 3 medium apples, unpeeled and grated (about 1 1/2 pounds) 1 3/4 cups chopped almonds, walnuts or cashews 1cup raisins 1/2 cup dates, pitted 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon About 3/4 cup sweet wine for Passover 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar (optional).
Sometimes he fires a coach as a way of getting to the manager when he does not want to fire the manager.
For one thing, houses are not just paper wealth: you can live in them.
The next day, the deal was brought to a Merrill committee for another vetting by bankers and lawyers.
"Quality did increase across the board," said Dr. Mark B. McClellan, Medicare's top administrator and a proponent for rewarding hospitals and doctors for providing better care.
Nancy Pascal, 35, a legal recruiter from Fort Greene, Brooklyn, said the Diallo statement was the reason Mr. Ferrer did not get her vote in the primary.
-Do you think doctor-patient Web communication is a good idea?
"We told more through our movements instead of the big clinch.
Some restaurants, like Amy Sacco's new boldfaced boîte, Bette, have requested custom-cut Chilewich vinyl to blanket their table tops.
DETROIT, June 6 - The future of Visionary Vehicles, the upstart company that announced in January it would bring the first Chinese-made automobiles to the United States by 2007, appears to be in some doubt.
"People have to change their lives.
"Just give me the world champions, make it easy on me," he said.
The few remaining centrists say the fierce partisan currents make it very hard to build the bipartisan coalitions necessary to do something big -- like changing Social Security -- or to defuse internal disputes like the present one over judges.
Hours: today, 6 p.m. to 1 a.m.; tomorrow, 11 a.m. to midnight; Sunday, 5 p.m. to midnight.
Mason, cornerback Samari Rolle, defensive lineman Kevin Carter and tackle Fred Miller were victims of Tennessee's salary-cap trouble.
He didn't invent the term, either.
You can pick it up there or have the documents delivered by Federal Express.
There is a duel right out of ballet and opera, except that the seconds (Mr. Trusnovec and Mr. Kleinendorst) end up fighting while the duelers (Mr. Chen See and Sean Mahoney) smooch with increasingly daffy passion.
In the first five months of this year, the Army trained 102,000 recruits and received 59 complaints; data on the outcome was incomplete.
"I told them at the hospital, 'If you cut my leg, just cut my neck."'
Mary Sammons, chief executive of Rite Aid, also said in a conference call with analysts in December that Rite Aid had been considering acquiring or starting its own pharmacy benefit management unit.
He has explored almost all of the pool area that is accessible to humans.
Two friends in the car with Firefighter Melvin were not hurt, Lieutenant Glenn said.
If the current blossoming of New York filmmaking, some of it shot with digital equipment that does not require the time or expense of film, has put an unusually democratic face on the local film culture, some players caution that to make a movie worth seeing still requires sweat and magic.
The Third Brother By Nick McDonell 267 pages.
A month ago, the store's owner, Linda Bekye, also opened a salon, Visions, in the 500-square-foot basement.
The minimum cost for that procedure is $3,000.
If Emmons is unable to play, Reggie Torbor will most likely start.
But the lemon vinaigrette that anointed pan-roasted salmon carried the kind of mustardy charge that salmon has received a gazillion times before, and the basil and capers that hugged seared tuna weren't unfamiliar bedfellows.
Correction Appended WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 - Bush administration officials said Wednesday that an estimated 240,000 people living in the United States will be eligible to cast ballots in the coming election in Iraq, by voting in five American cities later this month.
She wrote, "Every time I looked toward them it was my mother's tiny face .
For first-class ticket bookers looking for bargains, the Consumer WebWatch report said Expedia performed particularly well against the competition, returning the lowest fare 40 percent of the time, compared with 31 percent for Travelocity and 28 percent for Orbitz.
LEE--William Brewster, of Rochester, NY, died peacefully on September 15, 2005 after an amazing life of nearly 84 years.
But she does it with a much lighter hand.
GORDON--Malcolm W. On October 22, 2005.
They rented a basement apartment in a house for $535 plus heat, which could reach $500 a month in the cold Albany winters.
But then they go on a spending spree, signing three free agents for $194.5 million, and suddenly they become the demons of dollar excess.
It would be interesting, wouldn't it?"
But at www.whichbudget.com, you can view available routes and airlines by departure or arrival city and get a link to the airlines.
But I believe it is inappropriate to give me a 2.
CBS and Fox will certainly argue against losing games they still want but left unprotected.
Performance in the Civic hybrid is slightly lower than the original model, Mr. Boyd said, and as a result it gets 36 miles per gallon instead of 29.
But after more study, the lawyer said last night, the amount "might be as high as $13 million."
"I know that my brother would be so proud," Ms. Costello said.
For 6-Year-Olds of All Ages For Brady Rymer, there's plenty to sing about in even the simplest of life's little occurrences.
I erased and connected the dots to make 'porte.'
Iraq is the starkest example of this, which is why democratization there will take time.
But she wanted to remain in Dallas, so she clerked for a federal judge there for two years and moved on to be the first female lawyer at Locke Purnell Boren Laney & Neely, a venerable Dallas firm to which she soon recruited other women.
The set's metal-hoop legs say that it is probably not headed for a large country house.
But analysts said the projects could cost as much as $700 million to develop, which would make the deal one of the largest foreign real estate investments ever made in China.
Late in the game, the Knicks played long stretches of zone defense, a rare look for them.
So he's broadening the site's scope.
"My attitude is: I don't care who's giving it, nobody should be tested the day of a game," he said in an interview Thursday night.
Bullish sentiment often serves as a good contrarian indicator, so a decline from a relatively high level could mean that the market is less vulnerable to further declines.
But the ChoicePoint fraud was conducted by thieves who pretended to be legitimate business customers of the data service, who were given log-in access to the company's online databases.
agents, who were also seated in the room, rose from their chairs and handcuffed him.
Today, homeowners often change the exterior to give it a new architectural stamp, but frequently with design elements from earlier eras.
With this acquisition, Mr. Robertson said, "Citigroup is maximizing its chance to touch more American consumers," some of whom could be existing Citigroup customers while others would be new to the bank.
"I was the joke of the class."
The bureau was able to use $400 from the fund to purchase five beds and mattresses for the family.
Beloved husband, father, grandfather, brother, uncle and friend.
"He's a guy that has every move you need as a running back," Eagles safety Brian Dawkins said of Tomlinson.
Corporate America considers them valuable enough to pay premiums for naming rights.
ATHENS, Aug. 14 - A Cypriot passenger plane with 121 people on board crashed Sunday just north of the Greek capital, after being shadowed for 43 helpless minutes by fighters reporting that the co-pilot was slumped over the controls and that there was no sign of the pilot.
"I was impressed with their unbelievable dedication and passion," she said.
Mr. Clarke, 27, had spoken earlier about the experience of beginning as an umpire.
I doubt that a curse or two is a motivating factor for kids when deciding whether or not to see a movie.
In them, Ms. Miller acknowledged that Isabella was a child of the union and asked the court to allow her former partner to have contact with the girl.
It was all set for last Tuesday.
Still, authorities said, the expected production from Chiron should be enough to stave off a severe shortage of the vaccine this winter, though it is possible supply could still be somewhat tight.
"They wanted us to embrace, not fear, it."
He said he might have had a slight incentive against his former team.
Some here think that would be a mistake.
Fortunoff, a jewelry and home furnishings chain in the metropolitan New York area, has created a holiday campaign that appeals to its customers' desires to treat themselves while shopping.
A study published in The Journal of the American Medical Association in October found a total of 10 reported cases of flu vaccine litigation during the past 20 years.
The original family name, Koslow, was Americanized when his paternal grandfather arrived at Ellis Island from Europe.
In his work, Mr. Wilson depicted the struggles of black Americans with uncommon lyrical richness, theatrical density and emotional heft, in plays that gave vivid voices to people on the frayed margins of life: cabdrivers and maids, garbagemen and side men and petty criminals.
Along the way, he produced a set of Friedman's complete recordings for Pearl, an English historical label for which he produced about 100 recordings before he started Arbiter.
The action ends a lawsuit filed 15 years ago by Glendale Federal Bank, now part of Citigroup.
It seemed, on the surface, like a perfect topic for the moment.
Today he travels with ease as an ambassador for Unicef and as a world-class chef, visiting places like New Zealand and Brazil every month.
China, 232 Venice Cup 1.
Time Warner Chief Names AOL as a Top Priority The chairman of Time Warner, Richard D. Parsons, named improving the company's America Online Internet business as his top priority as he tries to increase the company's stock price -- signaling a tweak in strategy and a belief that the stigma of the AOL-Time Warner merger is finally a thing of the past.
Information was kept on about 75,000 Americans from 1952, when agency was created, to 1974, according to testimony.
If we get a match-up situation, we won't hesitate to bring him in there."
"Cubans have changed" -- many Cubans today only know life under Castro -- "and many of them will not accept any kind of American domination."
But she ate perhaps a quarter of the burger, in tiny bites.
New York too, in his view, was on the wane.
Mr. Sharon's aide, Dov Weissglas, and the Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat will meet again next week, officials say.
That is what some American soldiers, rushed here last November to quell an insurgent uprising, ultimately figured out for themselves.
"The bill would seriously jeopardize traditional notions of grand jury secrecy and unnecessarily delay the completion of criminal investigations," Mr. Comey added.
Campbell, who was born in Hawera, New Zealand, played squash, softball, table tennis and rugby until his mother, Maria, deemed rugby too violent.
ATLANTA - Why does Evander Holyfield keep fighting?
Arena Football League COLORADO CRUSH--Released OS Damian Harrell.
Hartmann was the textbook "inner emigrant," one who remained in the country physically but spiritually withdrew from his surroundings.
Matthew Arnold famously said that journalism was "literature in a hurry."
On Thursday night, in a conversation with several reporters, Miller, 28, advocated the liberalization of anti-doping rules, calling the enforcement effort hypocritical, ineffective and invasive.
The field is used constantly for football, soccer, field hockey and boys' and girls' lacrosse.
Klaiber said his cellphone did not stop ringing after Fairleigh Dickinson found out it would be playing Illinois.
So it was fitting that the Nets' 99-93 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night came down to a showdown between Carter and Iverson, two of the best players in the conference since Carter was acquired by the Nets on Dec. 17.
First-millennium martyrs often suffered horribly, and Mr. Williams hardly shrinks from the horror.
His band's latest self-produced material is introspective but still energized.
The proportion of fourth graders in Westchester who met the standard was the third highest among the state's 62 counties.
Alicia's cousin is visiting from Spain, and she knows how to flirt; a Clique novel.
It was March 1996 to December 2001, not 1995 to 2002.
But, as Brown pointed out, the Pacers added the veteran big man Dale Davis before the trading deadline.
Mr. Will said he had lied when he told Mr. Sasser that he had talked to the agent's wife and that she had confirmed the transfer.
He leaves visible only a few carefully chosen words, truncating the plot into a succession of poetic snippets, erotic encounters and jokes.
Though his magnetic resonance imaging test yesterday showed no structural damage, Wright will receive a cortisone injection in four or five days.
Her real savings will come from another move.
"It is almost like two villages now," Mr. Kumar said.
A transportation advocate who worked closely with Mr. Madison on securing financing for new capital programs for the department and for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said Mr. Madison seemed to be aware of the challenges.
But an uneasy tentativeness pervades the stage like a mist of perspiration (2:30).
Depending on the activity and on the two men involved, an undercurrent of homoeroticism that may be present determines what feels comfortable or not on a man date, as Mr. Speiser and Mr. Putman discovered in their squeamishness at the Modern.
An article by The Associated Press on Friday about a report by the Center for Public Integrity on travel by White House employees that was paid for by outside groups included erroneous information from the center on the trips' value, the number of officials who took more than $10,000 in trips and the amounts spent by several sponsors.
What was once an open field near historic Fort Jackson and across the river from Bayou Mardi Gras now teems with 55-gallon drums and tanks that hold as much as 550 gallons; they have fallen off oil rigs or floated away from industrial sites.
American carriers currently have limited ability to fly between European destinations.
PARASITES LIKE US, by Adam Johnson.
New York magazine asked in a cover article.
On my first visit, when I tried a $150 tasting menu with a dearth of culinary highlights but a surfeit of ninja pageantry, they reliably garnished this gesture with loud expectorations of a putative courtesy that sounded more like a rebuke, the phonetic rendering of which would be something along the lines of "Go-mayn!"
"He was really passionate about his religion and it seemed like he wanted to pass it on to other people," noted Ms. Crook, who said she saw him on a bus in February wearing "all Muslim clothes."
The antidoping agency has pursued drug users so aggressively, including using evidence from the investigation into the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative to prosecute 15 cases, that the sprinter Marion Jones has called it a "secret kangaroo court."
To the Editor: When I inquired about a one-bedroom apartment in the new Riverwalk development ("The Changing Landscape of Roosevelt Island," Dec. 4), I was quoted a price of $650,000.
Readers respond to David Brooks’s Dec. 1 column, “ The Age of Skepticism “: Maureen Scott, Kansas City, Mo.
He died of congestive heart failure, said his daughter, Becca Seitz.
"Growing up in Brooklyn, the closest I came to feng shui was the Chinese laundry," said Robert A. Levine, president and chief executive of the RAL Companies, a real estate development and management firm.
BUSINESS TRAVEL Readers are invited to send stories about business travel experiences to businesstravel@nytimes.com.
Some Comédie-Française productions overseas had carried English-language surtitles before, but not until last April had the company provided such linguistic props at its theater in Paris, in a special performance at the behest of a corporate sponsor.
And you get the feeling that he's the sort of guy who, when you first meet him and say, "How's it going?"
Religious bodies' use of incentives and advertising to draw people to a particular congregation or geographical area is hardly unheard of.
The company defined those as serious diseases with unmet medical needs, and besides diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis the categories were AIDS and HIV; Alzheimer's disease; atherosclerosis and thrombosis; cancer; hepatitis; obesity; psychiatric disorders; and solid organ transplantation.
Theology on Tap arranged for religious historians, theologians and members of the clergy to give talks and lead discussions on topical themes connected to faith; recent subjects have included the debate over evolution and "intelligent design" and the pros and cons of allowing priests to marry.
A study released in March by the National Association of Realtors found that nearly one in four homes bought in 2004 was acquired not to live in, but for investment purposes.
Sahire, who is fluent in Turkish, said it was her favorite class.
Sexton killed herself five years later.
"It is not confined to a battle zone, like Iraq or Afghanistan.
On his way to first base, Benson pumped a fist.
I'm going to work my tail off, salvage a couple more shots, and when the Players Championship and the Masters come, I'm going to be ready."
While the well-known revision by E.B.
Republicans in Brooklyn and Staten Island have yet to make endorsements.
It was the kind of fashion decision people make dozens of times a year -- this one or that one?
Those arrested included Daniel Ellsberg, who leaked the Pentagon Papers in 1969, and Mary Ann Wright, who resigned in 2003 as the State Department deputy chief of mission in Mongolia in protest against the war.
He shrugged off those who warned of the danger of American publication.
"There will be pressure, I would imagine, for increases in rent down the road."
But Paul Daugherty in The Cincinnati Enquirer opines that fans are worn out by steroid scandals.
Purdue, which until last year recorded lectures on cassette tapes (which were largely untouched), now offers podcasts of at least 60 courses.
Mr. Morehead began the column as a weekly feature in 1935, and it became daily in 1959.
He walks and walks in the dark, and finally emerges into daylight, but from the mouth of a different cave, this one in Austria.
's relative position with its competitors."
He was the director of the press from 1995 to 1998.
In a kind of high-toned squatting reserved for the affluent, Ms. Lee is a member of Distinctive Retreats, a two-year-old "destination club" started by a partnership that includes Abercrombie & Kent, the well-known safari outfitter.
From his Detroit staff, he is expected to hire Dave Hanners, a longtime friend, and perhaps Phil Ford.
It's a little-remarked part of the concert experience: the music that plays before the star gets onstage.
The engines are supposed to come from the same pool, but Foyt thinks the faster teams seem to get the better engines.
Mr. Kilgore has called for providing more state financing to relieve traffic congestion, particularly in the booming northern region, and merit pay for teachers.
Correction Appended WOODWARD, Pa., June 26 - When your job requires you to fly 40 feet through the air on a motorcycle, one of the hardest tricks to pull off can be acquiring medical insurance.
He collapsed when the Angels nibbled him to pieces last month.
But Ms. Dickens said she was unconcerned.
A more candid picture is of a 23-year-old separated for the first time from his family, his once-balanced life tilted sharply toward football, trying to find his footing.
We expected major new ones this year."
If the rookie Nate Robinson -- another scoring-first point guard -- makes steady progress, he could also slide into the rotation.
While some schools insist that these items be kept by a school nurse, many schools no longer employ one.
So the sound is like a bath."
For instance, the fear of having a panic attack can lead to phobias.
But it really was a sweet reprieve from the streets, and after a long session of sarcasm, our group would hush as we stood on line for the It's a Small World ride.
But with micro-RNA's, the RNA itself is the end product of a gene, not merely an intermediate product on the way to making a protein.
Tickets, $125, from (212)876-7700, ext.
Leavis at Cambridge, from which he graduated in 1955 and received a master's in 1961.
TRENTON, March 2 - Because he is scheduled to serve just 14 months as New Jersey's acting governor, Richard J. Codey would have surprised no one if he had decided to use his sole opportunity to shape the state budget as a chance to ingratiate himself with his legislative colleagues.
"For all the immense privileges enjoyed by .
Ms. Vines-Rushing carried each course from the kitchen, delivering slabs of spoon-tender poached escolar or perfectly seared duck breast to appreciative diners.
Nor would he say how often -- if ever -- covert surveillance at public events has been approved by the deputy commissioner for intelligence, as the new guidelines require.
I think a politician is having an affair in the house!
She is survived by her loving family, Ray and Liz, Russell, Bob and Fran, Rachael and Madeline.
Malkin had made the bed with fresh sheets and laid out a towel and toiletries and a pair of striped pajamas.
Straightforward love songs and songs like "Sueños," ("Dreams") in which Juanes imagines "an end to this unjust war" and "walking the streets of my country and finding only peace," reinforce one another's seriousness and determined optimism, rallied by music that makes its way toward buoyant choruses.
Universal wanted to lower the price to $1.4 billion from more than $1.5 billion for the live-action business of DreamWorks after the lackluster performance of several films, including the big-budget thriller "The Island," which flopped at the box office, as did the romantic comedy "Just Like Heaven."
As chairwoman of the coalition, Ms. Burger will have to deal with the presidents of those unions.
Nada Khuzai says she is confident she will one day find her sister's killers.
Ted's arrival comes as Southwest is about to take over six gates leased by ATA Airlines, which filed for bankruptcy last fall.
The report (which is to be posted on Columbia's Web site today) noted that although often combative exchanges occurred between pro-Palestinian professors and pro-Israel students, no students received lower grades because of their views.
"An ounce of cocaine, wholesale: $1,200, but you can only sell it once," an immigration and customs official, Bill Meehan (Donald Sutherland), says.
Although inventories are at record levels, the months of supply is still within the normal range because of the strong sales activity.
Since it went public, investors can't get enough of it.
What to Do at Night Snoop Dogg performs at 8 p.m. on Feb. 2 ($77.50 and $41.50) at the Florida Theater, 128 East Forsyth Street, (904) 355-2787, www.floridatheatre.com, followed by Gladys Knight on Feb. 4 and Chaka Khan the next night; ($75 to $175).
Ford, General Motors and DaimlerChrysler each offer a huge array of performance parts.
Mr. Bender has decades of experience as a City Council aide, notably as chief of staff to the former speaker, Peter F. Vallone.
In "shamelessly" pushing for the $80 million, he said, the union was displaying an "enormous sense of entitlement."
And what would that have fixed?
Surging goose populations are a problem not only on Long Island, but also in other New York and New Jersey suburbs with accessible water and grass and few natural predators.
Animal fibers like wool and silk behave differently from vegetable fibers like cotton and linen, and, confronted with a piece of old cloth, the conservator must first determine its composition.
The seeds inside are covered in a soft, spongy flax that can be safely eaten.
FUNDAMENTALLY Paul J. Lim is a financial writer at U.S. News & World Report.
-- conveys how desensitized they became, and how dehumanized the Vietnamese became in their eyes.
It is thus extremely disheartening to learn that at 250 of the most selective colleges, the proportion of students from upper-income families has actually grown over the past two decades, despite financial aid programs.
The Franco of today -- 6 feet 1 inch and 210 pounds, muscles sculptured like those of a bodybuilder, head shaven, speaking often of God and the greatness of baseball and of the United States, his adopted nation -- is much different from the 155-pound shortstop who broke in with Philadelphia for 16 games in 1982 to replace the injured Mike Schmidt on the Phillies' roster.
Down Norman Street, for example, named for a Scandinavian, although all the signs are Polish.
Denevan began his mission in 1999 after he orchestrated a series of farmers' dinners at Gabriella Café, a small restaurant in Santa Cruz, Calif., where he once worked as a chef.
Donations in his memory may be made to The League for the Hard of Hearing, 50 Broadway, NYC 10004.
I believe it is my job, at every step of the road, to see that things are correct.
A founding member and leader of UJC and a past chair of the United Jewish Federation of Pittsburgh, Karen's heartfelt devotion to Israel and her concern for the welfare of the global Jewish community, led to a lifelong involvement, with her beloved husband, David, in advocacy and acts of hesed on behalf of klal yisrael.
One crest was reached in January, before national elections, when 111 unidentified bodies were taken to the morgue, workers said.
Starters Aaron Small and Kevin Brown, reliever Felix Rodriguez and outfielder Bubba Crosby are all expected to be active by Tuesday.
We had to go and win the division."
Church and State Without comment, the justices denied review in four cases on which they had deferred action while they were considering the two Ten Commandments cases.
The village remained a sleepy farm and mill town until the late 1800's when Stewart Hartshorn, inventor of the roller window shade, bought up parcels of farmland in the hills above the hamlet of Millburn to create an elegant community that he named Short Hills.
"It's a total farce," he said in a later interview.
But on Tuesday it did leak, to Jonathan Dienst, a reporter for Channel 4.
After years of spying on Anna's loveless marriage to a wheeler-dealer philanderer, Simon has convinced himself that she's an inattentive mother to her 6-year-old son, Sam.
Across from Notre Dame Seminary on Carrollton Avenue, for example, an entire block of stately homes had gone up in flames; a few steel staircases and charred brick chimneys rose out of what had become simply a field of ashes.
NEW NONSTOP LONG HAULS -- American Airlines will begin daily nonstop service between Chicago O'Hare and New Delhi on Nov. 15.
He was previously the head of national sales for the investment management and securities divisions of Raymond James Financial Services.
The proposal comes as the administration is also seeking to offer European nations some inducement to open their markets further to American airlines.
SABMiller is probably the most interested suitor, the executives said.
"An eyebrow colonial on 10 acres priced at $445,000 in 2001 would now be worth at least $800,000," she added.
About 1.5 billion shares changed hands on the Big Board, in line with the three-month daily average.
That is the city that pulls me, the city I carry around in my head.
Asked to comment on the decision, a spokesman for the State Department, Adam Ereli, said: "Our only comment is that we believe that Mr. Bolton's nomination is a good one.
Helped by record-low car-loan rates, they have learned to manufacture desire.
The change is possible because of Intel's move over the last few years to more advanced manufacturing processes that permit more circuitry to be squeezed into a given area.
"We're thinking about turning these arches into horse heads."
Your readers know the drill.
Dec. 3 at 8 p.m. Tickets: $18 and $20.
"I just want $1 million next season, that's all I want," Mr. Milonakis said.
Others, in contrast, are worried that young women might learn the lessons of gaming too well.
His death was confirmed by the Whitesitt Funeral Home in Stevensville.
It was the Devils' third straight defeat and their fourth in the past five games.
In previous surveys in Jordan, Al Qaeda had enjoyed approval ratings upward of 60 percent.
Mr. Sawyer-Lauçanno maintained that his frequent citing of Mr. Kennedy throughout the book made it clear he did not intentionally copy the earlier work.
Jimmie Lee Solomon, another executive in the commissioner's office, noted that temperatures were forecast to go no lower than 58 degrees.
"I was a dope," he said.
They waited for Mr. Gotovina to settle down for dinner at his hotel last Wednesday.
After being advised of this, President Nixon, on the evening of Aug 8, 1974, told a television audience of some 130 million people that he was resigning effective the next day.
As the mill prospered, Mr. Hitchcock mass-produced 15,000 black chairs a year, all of them stenciled "L. Hitchcock, Hitchcocks-ville, Conn.
It lives in deep forests and earns its living by chasing down other birds.
Before the school year begins, they will move again, as a collective, to re-establish Netzarim, probably in the Negev, said Shlomit Ziv, 35, a teacher.
Whatever happens in the coming months, Sir Howard will be expecting that all the divisions work together in harmony as he tries to retool Sony into the entertainment empire many people hoped it might become.
Rabbi Burt Aaron Siegel officiated.
A singleton jack would have made the slam unbeatable, and a singleton five would have been sufficient unless West was inspired to lead his spade jack.
"He's young," Mr. Baker said.
Maybe Torre wanted to debunk the idea that he would consider converting one of the two stars, but I have no reason to question the accuracy of the reporting of Larry Fine, who interviewed Torre and wrote the article.
The younger Kadyrov has given his name to another aspect of Chechnya's intractable conflict: the Kadyrovski, a militia that has been blamed for killings and kidnappings.
He was also adrift after college; he liked to party and he might have had a few issues with his father.
Without counting the non-death-penalty states, he said, only 18 states had legislatively rejected the execution of 16- and 17-year-olds.
The first alarm was turned in after three garage employees traveling up in the building's elevator smelled smoke, according to Juan Bernal, a garage employee.
Some recent research has called into question the safety of even "food grade" hard plastics like polycarbonate.
The resulting cider is transferred to giant wooden casks or modern stainless steel fermentation tanks, where ambient yeasts in the cider house and the yeasts that rode in with the apples begin the fermentation process.
Then again, the divisions between art and craft used to be absolutely fixed as well; likewise those between high and popular or vernacular art.
Then they haul more water, grind corn, cook mush, haul more water, clean the kettles, haul more water, wash the clothes, feed the children, haul more water and wash the dishes.
He knows the quiddities of publishing, mining, transportation, typesetting, land and stock speculation, political oratory, theological dispute, the business and logistics of showmanship.
Mr. DeVol of the Milken Institute said there seemed to be a rise in the number of Mexican immigrants leaving California after just a few years there.
"A lot of people who have gone to labor re-education camps still continue using drugs," she said, referring to after their release.
An Off Broadway producer, Susann Brinkley, was sentenced yesterday in State Supreme Court in Manhattan to five years of probation for stealing $48,000 from a nonprofit theater company, the Ensemble Studio Theater, whose investors include Carl Reiner, Rob Reiner and George Shapiro.
To the amazement of Frank Bones, a guy named Lloyd Melnick, who once wrote a profile of Frank for a New York alternative newspaper, is now white-hot in this cloistered little world.
Just grab your pencil jar, be alert to the RYJ (Rattle Your Jar) icon that will flash from time to time in your newspaper, and you will have a sensory experience to rival anything on television.
Beloved wife of Dr. Joseph.
"This is especially alarming," the researchers wrote, "when the intake reduction occurs in food groups that are currently not consumed at the recommended intake levels, such as dairy, fruits and vegetables."
Yet she managed to earn more votes in the primary than City Council Speaker Gifford Miller, whose campaign spent more than double what hers did.
Hall and Jennifer G. Newstead have returned to the firm after leaving government service.
It is starting with the rare conditions that Holmes is seeing.
In a settlement reached last week, Mr. Zafirovski agreed to eight months of restricted communication with some Nortel customers and limited involvement in plans to compete with Motorola.
If I sign on, too, then I am saying I agree with this," said one man, a city worker, standing outside the Grand Hotel Cravat near Luxembourg's Place de la Constitution.
About one in five Bloomberg Democrats say they are still undecided in the primary.
"That could happen to us" becomes "I wonder what we would do?"
May 'IL MODO ITALIANO: DESIGN AND AVANT-GARDE IN 20TH CENTURY ITALY' About 450 objects dating from 1890 to the present will trace the evolution of design in Italy from works of exquisite craftsmanship to objects of industrial design and infinite reproducibility.