So working as a television personality seems a strange choice; it’s likely to foreground all the things he has been so keen to leave in the background — his looks, his family, his private life.
On the Nasdaq, 1,960 stocks fell and 673 shares rose.
My business trips are for competitions, promotions or some type of event for Roxy, a clothing company, which is my sponsor.
When the episode rolled, Santa Claus had to deliver some bad news.
The most bitter criticisms were connected to a sense that Plushenko had stolen a spot from Kovtun.
John Kerry’s April 29 deadline came and went, and an Israeli-Palestinian peace accord was not reached.
It’s a disgrace that Iraq’s security forces, numbering nearly one million men, and upon which billions have been spent by both the American and Iraqi governments, cannot confront ISIS without recourse to foreign powers, including Iran, Russia and now the United States.
If children do not see the night sky, they will lack an experience that is fundamental for humankind.” Each image consists of actual photos — plural — one for the city in silhouette, the other for the wondrous sky.
“All they knew were two buttons — green to connect and red to disconnect a call,” Mr. Prasad said.
(Scott) ‘Planes: Fire & Rescue’ (PG, 1:24) If a crop-dusting plane can become a racing champion, why can’t he — yes, he — embark on a second career as a firefighter?
Please invite your students to add their thoughts How are you teaching about these events?
Like, sometimes I feel like they aren’t communicating enough with the other teachers.
A) The sudden realization that tax cuts actually do add to the federal deficit.
The same contrast was found in comparing the median price increases for plans designed around a narrowed network, in which people are limited to a smaller group of hospitals or are asked to pay more when they go to an expensive facility.
Other discussions touched on dogs (Mr. Christmas’s beagle), horses (a real estate agent was said to have warned the Christmases before they bought the property that a “vicious” alligator had attacked his horse) and, inevitably perhaps, duck hunting.
Rensing chose Indiana State, and had dreams of playing in the N.F.L.
There are a lot of areas where we can improve, and we can’t wait to get this thing rolling.” One comparable, if not totally analogous, situation to Ryan’s is that of Mark Sanchez, whose contract was extended by the previous regime before the 2012 season.
Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the influential Shiite cleric, on Friday urged vigilance against Western political interference in Iraqi affairs but stopped short of opposing the American-led military campaign against the extremists of the Islamic State .
“This is, I would say, the most important thing,” Cibulkova said.
In the agency category, the winners were BBDO New York, part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group, for large agencies; Barton F. Graf 9000, New York, midsize agencies; and Baldwin&, Raleigh, N.C., for small agencies.
Ashokan Center, 477 Beaverkill Road.
“As long as we need,” Stan says.
Her style can be an acquired taste.
01-013/14 issued on June 5, Mazda said the tapping on 2014 models indicated a problem with the No.
Sebastian Thrun This is an extremely hard question.
A searchable guide to these and many other art shows is at nytimes.com/events.
Notably, a 2006 paper by a different group of Fed economists predicted that labor force participation would fall to 62.9 percent in 2014.
More than $20 million worth of ads have been reserved so far — the bulk of the money coming from Washington-based outfits like Karl Rove’s American Crossroads, which wants to elect a Republican, and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, which is defending Senator Mark Begich, one of the most targeted first-term Democrats.
In January, Mr. Strickland stepped down as head of the safety agency.
East champion, locked up home-field advantage until the World Series by beating the visiting Miami Marlins, 4-0, on Doug Fister’s three-hitter in the opener of a day-night doubleheader Friday.
Honestly, though, most players are just fine, in any locker room, as long as you treat them with respect.
For the quarter, many economists predict the economy will expand at an annual rate of 1 to 2 percent.
About a fifth of the dancers arrested this year had open warrants, the police said, though few were for serious offenses.
I’m fully aware of what it means as a textbook to musicians.
If you want those things, you go downstairs.
Kiev has accused the Kremlin of waging a shadow war in eastern Ukraine, infiltrating not only Russian troops without insignia but also Russian citizens to pose as pro-Russian activists.
(Brantley) ★ ‘I Remember Mama’ The shyly charming resurrection of this work might have seemed too brazenly sentimental for current tastes.
The company, incorporated as Jasper Infotech, has altered its shape along the way.
Further complicating progress is the Tiahrt Amendment of 2003, which blocks access to gun-trace data, requires the F.B.I.
Sometimes it feels like a restrained take on modern British soul as refracted through the lens of scarred electronic music.
“When we’re talking about the fighters who are fighting on the border or the tunnels, we couldn’t know, because their bodies are not coming to the hospital.
“I think a plurality of Americans don’t consider themselves to be either Republicans or Democrats,” Paul said, citing young people and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs in particular.
And often it was a showcase for how many ways human physicality can interact with, or compete with, digital machines.
“Faking It” isn’t anything more than a smarter-than-average high school comedy, but there’s a freshness to it, perhaps because so many of the key people involved are relative newcomers.
Sure, he raises his children differently than a woman would.
It is not play money to the entrepreneur, who says that these kinds of historic buildings become available only once in a generation.
She meant to stay in New Orleans and help build it, but changed her plans: She hadn’t had real time in her studio in Brooklyn in months.
The show also includes pieces found at archaeological digs.
Nov. 8 through Dec. 27.
And with all that foot traffic comes a uniquely Angeleno sort of fashion parade, one with a distinctly spiritual vibe.
People also liked the sophisticated parties that Lock and Load hosted during the area’s marquee art festival, Art Basel .
In Ned’s last message to me, he complained of the cold, miserable winter Louisville had been suffering, but it was early March, so relief was in sight.
score cutoff was too rigid to decide which mentally disabled individuals must be spared the death penalty.
And while Barcelona has such talents to spare, the Madrid clubs that finished first and second in last season’s Champions League are also back in the groove.
The film resonates with those who gathered in squares from Cairo to Caracas to Kiev, added the film’s producer, Karim Amer, because it captures an increasingly universal phenomenon: average people uniting and deciding “that the Pharaoh, the strongman, won’t protect us” and the religious sheikh “won’t cleanse us.” We can be and must be “authors of our own story.” It has long been said, added Amer, that “history is written by the victors.
Diffa sits near the receding banks of Lake Chad, which supplies water to 30 million people.
But the film’s real glory is its emotional immediacy.
Amid widespread outrage over the attack, India’s Parliament stiffened penalties for sexual assault, and four of the woman’s attackers were sentenced to death by hanging .
Music and Dance ANNANDALE-ON-HUDSON The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts, Bard College “Payne Hollow,” opera by Shawn Jaeger, and “The Turn of the Screw,” opera by Benjamin Britten.
“Korea and Taiwan have expressed interest, too, and certainly Latin America.
It now hangs in a place of honor, at the gate of the compost heap.
The Spurs had their most complete game of the postseason, playing with the flair and fluidity that resulted in the league’s best regular-season record.
In addition, its operating license had actually expired.
The Children’s Museum of the Arts is offering another summer of weekend workshops on Governors Island, exploring a variety of crafts and materials.
No one was seriously injured in the first accident, according to the police.
Given that pornography is emotionally charged, it would be shocking if it had no impact.
So instead of concept cars, he ordered up sculptures that expressed ideas of the new design language.
But as the game went on, they resorted to the disjointed isolation play that has dogged them much of this season.
But those fans could just as easily have been chanting about an even greater time frame stretching back to 1903.
“But one of the things that makes a Grand Slam special is that the men play three out of five sets.
The Olympic Museum, perched on a gentle slope above the shores of Lake Geneva in Lausanne, Switzerland, reopened in December after a two-year, $60 million renovation that almost doubled its size and transformed the way the museum traces Olympics history from chronological to thematic.
A top United Nations human rights official visiting South Sudan described “horror” on Friday, with bodies on the streets and reports of mass killings, sexual violence and the recruitment of children into battle.
The agencies had long vilified the onetime civilian Navy analyst because of suspicions that the classified material he sold to Israel in the 1980s made it into Soviet hands.
The European establishment is under siege from both left and right.
Built by David Sassoon, a wealthy entrepreneur, at the turn of the 20th century, the building was run as a small hotel for decades by the Sham family.
Wellmont Theater, 5 Seymour Street.
Another school in this town was also filled with refugees, many from Diyala Province, a mixed area heavily contested by Shiite militias and Sunni militants.
Given the unpopularity of Mr. Cameron and his Conservative Party in Scotland, which is dominated by the Scottish National Party and the opposition Labour Party, Mr. Cameron has been wary of intervening too much in the debate, fearing a counterproductive effect.
But for Alejandro, the president’s words changed nothing.
I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that.
Ms. Blumin, who joined the group in January, talked about her company’s background and plans here .
Over all, employees expressed approval for how Ms. Barra has handled the fallout from the ignition switch defect, and her pledge to make the company more accountable.
Republicans assert that the heightened focus on climate and the environment could benefit them by sending a message to voters that Democrats are overly focused on the planet and not enough on pocketbook issues.
The meeting initiated a passionate, obsessive and frequently fraught relationship, which was to last until 1943, when Picasso began an affair with Françoise Gilot.
MAHWAH Sharp Theater Matthew Piazzi and the Debonairs present a show of 1950s and 1960s doo-wop, ’50s pop, rhythm and blues and soul.
The idea the campaign seeks to get across, in a humorous fashion, is that when it comes to cotton-top tamarins and the other denizens of the rain forest, there’s no place like home — their home, that is, at the exhibit at the zoo, rather than at home with a typical family.
“Frankly, even if he comes just for seconds and leaves, it’s important.
but she was told by the Methuselahs of the cosmos, (Hydrus or Hydra or HE 1327-2326 if you like star names) that it’s not enough to be sure of anything; there is only certainty in half-lives.
21 RB Matchup) – This is not a great matchup on paper, but coming off two straight game of nearly 150 yards rushing and three total touchdowns, Hill should get enough carries in Sunday’s showdown with the Steelers to earn his undervalued $6,000 price tag on DraftKings.com.
The agency also accused him of illegally promising the workers that he would increase their wages and pay the union to disclaim its interest in representing them.
In Crimea, unidentified armed men threatened the United Nations special envoy, Robert Serry, forcing him to leave the region by plane.
Louisville is using OpportunitySpace to showcase an old, vacant armory downtown that is ripe for redevelopment.
In Massachusetts, Charlie Baker, the Republican nominee for governor, inched past Martha Coakley, the Democrat, who conceded on Wednesday.
The Wolverines have finished 11-2, 8-5 and 7-6 in Hoke’s three full seasons as their coach.
With several dry winters back to back, the ski industry is waking up.
Based on a popular series of racing-themed video games, “Need for Speed” sums up its appeal in the title.
Announce that an angel had appeared to him in a dream and told him that God wants us to increase the gas tax to combat global warming.
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning.
But that also allowed us to refocus almost our purpose as a company.” Under Mr. Dudley, BP has sold off about $38 billion in oil and gas fields worldwide.
But the mackerel were fat and juicy and perfectly cooked, the potatoes waxy and firm and lightly sauced, and I’m not sure anyone could do the dish any better without fancifying it and turning it into something less honest.
In the past, Mr. de Blasio, who was an aide to former Mayor David N. Dinkins, has also invoked the 1991 riots in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, in internal discussions.
“Something went very wrong in our processes in this instance, and terrible things happened,” she said in an internal video broadcast to employees.
I’m arguing that the city has so much at stake here that this is a prudent investment.” Since 2005, the number of evictions in the city has risen almost every year, reaching 28,849 in 2013, according to Housing Court Answers , a research and advocacy group that runs the information tables at Housing Court.
Anonymous, New York I don’t doubt you were embarrassed, Anonymous.
Named for Brian King, who suggested the formula in a comment on a statistics blog using his Internet alias, PDO, the stat is seen as an expression of luck.
After the second quarter, the retailer had expected to earn as much as $5.15 a year, but it has since tempered its outlook, citing higher health care costs in the United States and its investment in its online offerings.
The prosecutor, judge and defense counsel have time to consider each case.
Like millions of other urban youth, he was sent to labor in the countryside, an experience that exposed him to the harsh poverty of a great majority of rural people.
According to Pablo Álvarez, the winery soon began to hear from invitees who were annoyed by the dueling invitations.
There is this whole other world that exists.
(In previews; opens Oct. 30 at the American Airlines Theater, 227 West 42nd Street, Manhattan; 212-719-1300, roundabouttheatre.org.)
He worried that Omalu would pay a professional price.
Similarly, for all the emphasis on hard work, Ms. Meshel-Dillman doesn’t show it being done.
“Every other time in my life, I would have said ‘Hmmm, O.K.’ and sort of slunk away,” said Commander Mowitt, now 43.
Before the scare, Niese was expected to make his first start next Tuesday, but Zack Wheeler will start in his place.
The marketing firm told me that if I ran my own focus groups I would get bad information, because I would bias the members.
No mathematical equation exists to produce the economic model that ends with 18-year-old Michael Brown, shot multiple times with his hands in the air, his lifeless body left in the street for four hours.
Point guard Tyler Ennis had never dribbled on Coach K Court.
Whether the subject was music, comic books, graffiti, absent parents or experimental sex, the fine differences in their forms — and our narrator’s painful consciousness of them — made the book an especially authentic-tasting brew.
River Allan, 32, a bartender in the East Village, receives several twos a month from customers.
Other security experts said the number of sites could stretch into the hundreds of thousands.
I certainly would order a settlement immediately.” Mr. Moore declined to reveal how much money the plaintiffs were seeking in their settlement request.
One of the two men had been arrested by the Kenyan police on suspicion of planning to join the Shabab, an extremist group in Somalia.
A spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, Aleksandr Lukashevich, denounced the new Western sanctions at a briefing in Moscow.
These days the only enemies are rain clouds.
It was one of a handful of black-themed comic strips that began appearing in daily newspapers in the United States during the late 1960s, when many publishers began to acknowledge that minority views had been excluded from, among other places, mainstream comics pages.
Cornet waved and laughed, as if she were the knowing victim of a well-played prank.
Globe-trotting I’ve been to at least 10 countries in the eight years I’ve been here.
If you are checking your speed on a mobile device that cannot use Adobe Flash or other software used by speed-test sites, try either Bandwidth Place and Speedof.me , which both use HMTL5.
They could have conquered Gaza.” “It seems that in two more years there’ll be another war,” he added.
“I traveled for four hours to reach Manikarnika to fulfill my father’s last wish,” Mr. Singh said.
“It’s sort of like each piece is part of a mosaic,” Mr. Rivera said.
Coach Mike Babcock said his team was inspired by the success of other Canadian athletes, who worked so hard and got only one shot every four years at their sport’s ultimate prize.
BRIDGEPORT The Bijou Theater “The Witch, the Broom and the Cauldron,” musical.
Moore was standing by the 3-point line when Ray Allen made an off-balance runner against Georgetown in 1996, clinching the Huskies’ second Big East tournament title at the Garden.
Walmart released a statement on Sunday afternoon saying, “We express our deepest condolences to everyone who has been affected by this senseless act of violence.
In the portrayal of Mr. Modi’s apparent charms, there is little difference now between the predominant tone on social media and the mainstream news media, which have covered his visit to the United States with delirious optimism.
Mr. Obama was at the base to meet with his top military commanders at United States Central Command, which oversees military operations in the Middle East, and his national security team, including Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.
The gold medalist Marit Bjorgen, bottom, of Norway; her teammate Therese Johaug, top, who placed fourth; and Charlotte Kalla of Sweden, who was second, were spent after the women’s skiathlon.
“I wish she was still hurt,” Jeff Judkins, the Brigham Young coach, joked before Saturday’s game.
That contract was related to the Weather Channel agreement because Hilton is owned by the Blackstone Group, a private equity firm that is also one of the owners of The Weather Channel.
Tens of thousands die there each year from diseases like AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis.
But such reasoning is usually of little help.
And while the Saudis are clearly alarmed at Hezbollah’s staying power and its intervention in Syria’s civil war, analysts say the gift announced last week was intended as much to send a message to the United States as to shift the military balance.
The U.N. says that 43 peacekeepers have been detained by an armed group in Syria and that dozens more are trapped.
Between 350 to 450 Sherpas are hired above the base camp during the two-month season, said Richard Salisbury, who works on the Himalayan Database , a record of Everest climbs.
Ms. Graham’s remains were discovered near where the body of Morgan Harrington, a 20-year-old student at Virginia Tech, was found in January 2010, three months after she vanished from a Metallica concert.
But the trial of Mr. Kenyatta’s deputy, William Ruto, continues at the same court in The Hague on similar charges.
The revelation was splashed across the cover of a French tabloid magazine on Friday , and while Mr. Hollande did not deny the veracity of the report, he condemned the magazine for prying into his private life and said he was considering legal action.
Drogba still may trade texts with Frank Lampard and others, but come Wednesday he must attempt to shoot down goalie Petr Cech, along with others with whom he laughed and cried into the night when, finally, Chelsea won Europe’s most coveted title in Munich.
If you, too, are a Bandol lover, perhaps the old seasonal saw plays to our advantage.
How can it be that I created life and now have so little say in what happens to that life?
A law firm's investigation has determined that a former assistant football coach for Rutgers did not bully a former player and there was no retaliation against the player.
Researchers interviewed almost 6,000 smokers who had tried to quit on their own without counseling from a health professional.
Do I not pay rent for the days that the heat hasn’t worked?
They’re on a first-name basis with so many of the world’s most affluent people.
A popular TV variety show even has a regular segment set in a jimjilbang called, “Don’t Laugh in the Sauna.” The host asks celebrity guests nosy questions in a funny accent, and if they laugh, they are doused with water.
“I wasn’t a feminist,” she told The Times in 1975.
Raised in Ballymena, County Antrim, Ian attended local schools and worked on a farm.
With one eye on the soccer and the other on the 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro’s image watchdogs must welcome a counterweight to the slum-centered aesthetic of movies like “Elite Squad” and “City of God.” And while the “Rio” doubleheader may not deflect the professed concern over visitor safety that has prompted officials to begin clearing out those slums , the franchise is a gift of samba-and-Carnival cheer that Mr. Saldanha lards with all the fondness of a native son.
I gave the permission, and it became a masterpiece .
Many economists say the European Central Bank must accept such risks in order to prevent another recession that could again throw the future of the eurozone into question.
There was no wife to be seen.
“We have someone who’s going to be a rock back there.
All the characters, earthly and unearthly, remain one-dimensional, which is appropriate to an allegory, though it’s never really clear just what Mr. Van Asselt wants to symbolize.
You can see if there are people waiting for the bus or if the bus has just come.
That was our way to fight inflation.” In Argentina’s hit-or-miss economy, investors have to be willing to ride out the ups and downs.
(AP) SURGERY FOR RAMS’ LONG St. Louis Rams defensive end Chris Long will have surgery and is expected to miss most of the season after injuring his left ankle in the team’s opening loss to the Vikings.
Museums and galleries are in Manhattan unless otherwise noted.
LOLLAPALOOZA Grant Park, Chicago, Aug. 1-3.
(Zachary Woolfe) ★ ‘Gloria: A Pig Tale’ (Thursday, next Friday and June 1) The New York Philharmonic had success in 2011 with H. K. Gruber’s uproarious “Frankenstein!
With money, it’s often a lot easier to focus on some point in the future.
The self-declared separatist Luhansk People’s Republic said that 15 civilians had been killed and more than 60 wounded in bombardments and other fighting throughout the region.
France was third, another 2.5 victory points behind.
COLD SPRING Gallery 66NY “Layers Upon Layers,” Anita Jacobson and Rebecca Darlington.
An economic assessment might be “difficult, but not impossible.” And two, things become more challenging when we move from the economics to the politics.
Today, the impact of Mr. Trinchero’s experiment is easy to see.
One of the three North Korean officials visiting the South last Saturday, the party secretary Kim Yang-gon, told Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae of South Korea that there was “no problem at all” with Kim Jong-un’s health, according to Mr. Ryoo.
Vernon Davis of the San Francisco 49ers faced Seattle three times — twice in the regular season and once in the playoffs — and had just seven catches for 57 yards.
But this is simply wrong.
“It is related to what’s happening this year.” Professor Hung said, however, that linking the holiday to the memorial showed that the party’s goals were broader.
I think they felt that by talking about anything in the future, they’d invite it in.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat in a large, heavy skillet and add onion, carrots and a generous pinch of salt.
Both men have helped shape the last decade of pop but what’s notable here is their restraint.
It was 1929, not 1930.
And I think he worked for elements from other countries, not for Somalia.” “I am happy to hear he is dead,” Bashir said.
Even in a remote area like Yangling, an apartment of 1,000 square feet sells for $50,000, and in cities like Beijing the price can easily be 10 times that.
In 2012, the meetup had 400 members.
As Cynthia watched how well Mark worked with his teammates at that competition, she began sobbing so hard that she had to leave the auditorium.
I never heard of her, or she of me.” It was the kind of surreal intervention the school needed.
“My roommate and I are totally buddies,” she said.
Do the math: Official charges include Panhellenic dues, chapter fees, administrative fees, nonresident house/parlor fees, a onetime pledging and initiation fee and contribution toward a house bond.
The role of creativity and its usefulness in business: That’s been important to the show.
Seoul TouchUp , a government-approved medical tourism agency, states in its marketing materials that “Korean women are arguably more objectified by their male counterparts than any other women in the world.” “In terms of advertising it’s very much exaggerated,” says Dr. Cha Sang-myun, the chairman of the Korean Association of Plastic Surgeons, which is calling for tighter industry regulations.
Instead, something else is happening, something that involves some of the insights of invulnerabilist doctrines but does not embrace them in what I’m calling their official form.
“We really learned that we do work in areas where we come into contact with bad actors.
Shoes are judged on odor, condition and “the child’s verbal account of why and how his/her sneakers are the stinkiest.” Ripley’s Believe It or Not!
“Every state is talking about this,” he said.
Some 1,700 demonstrators are awaiting trial and more than 70 remain jailed.
We’ll miss you” or “Come for dessert at 8.” (But don’t hold the cake — or wait for him to value your invitations as much as you want him to.)
“You may awaken the sleeping giant.” In Oregon, a federal court challenge to the state’s ban may make the ballot initiative moot.
Mike Cammalleri had an assist, giving him points in each of his first four games with the Devils.
Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobili and Tony Parker are all coming back.
The film would seem vastly more sordid without his irrepressible good humor.” 8 P.M. (NBC) THE MAKING OF PETER PAN LIVE!
For now, Mariota is portrayed as the good guy in the flawless-versus-lawless story line.
This has ceased,” said Issandr el-Amrani , the North Africa project director at the International Crisis Group, who is based in Egypt.
Terry Collins sat slumped in a chair and looked down.
But before that happens, lawmakers and regulators need to deal with a host of unresolved privacy and safety concerns.
Greg Westhoff’s Westchester Swing Band, jazz.
A report in August from a California group of emergency professionals thrust the issue into the spotlight: Its data suggested that an increasing number of mobile emergency calls were being delivered without the caller’s location in five California counties.
The more Ukrainian soldiers who are deployed, “the more Russian soldiers will show up.” Russia still controls 350 kilometers, or about 217 miles, of the border and acts with impunity.
It’s a big box, and a porous one, but a box all the same.
The risina bean has taken considerable work to rescue, and it takes effort to track down outside Italy.
Syria’s government agreed last September to renounce its cache of chemical weapons and join the treaty that bans them under an agreement negotiated by Russia and the United States.
“Every other vendor jumped on the phablet train.” As is typical with Apple product introductions, some customers stayed up late to order the new iPhones online while others slept in garbage bags outside Apple Stores.
DIMA KHALIDI Director Palestine Solidarity Legal Support Chicago, Dec. 30, 2013 To the Editor: As a Swarthmore alumna, I remember the anti-Zionist bias that permeated student groups in the late 1980s.
And the third heresy arises from Mr. Fairchild’s performance of Gene Kelly’s famous “Ballin’ the Jack” solo, but the heresy is about Kelly: I prefer Mr. Fairchild.
His $600 fine for driving without a license more than tripled and landed him in jail twice, he said.
We often work until 1 a.m., and the last three or four days we might work until 4 a.m. Our props are handcrafted and hand-installed, and the work is a labor of love and seriously hard.
His supporters say that even in a truly free election, he would handily win.
Mr. Kühn said his office had received almost 20 complaints from Germans since Tuesday.
There are several others, but the most significant reappearance is Marinus, a Dutch doctor from “The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet,” who plays a pivotal part in the occult war in “The Bone Clocks.” “This is why his work is so addictive — he’s creating his own universe,” said Sarah Dillon, a lecturer in literature and film at the University of Cambridge, who has edited a volume of scholarly essays on Mr. Mitchell’s work.
The omnipresent soundtrack, at least on weekdays, alternates between the nasal whine of pneumatic drills and the occasional ominous crash that signals a successful act of demolition.
The prose of the “Quotations” was prosaic — “The masses have a potentially inexhaustible enthusiasm for socialism,” one typical excerpt begins — and at times baffling.
Entering Sunday, the Mets led the National League in home runs since June 17.
Maybe the same thing is true for what we read.
Mr. Samson said Mr. Foye was “stirring up trouble.” In a Sept. 18 email to Scott Rechler, the vice chairman of the board, Mr. Samson wrote: “This is yet another example of a story, we’ve seen it before, where he distances himself from an issue in the press and rides in on a white horse to save the day.
It is unclear how much of the data was shared with American officials at the National Security Agency, though the British ran queries of the data using a search tool provided by the N.S.A.
Much of the debate in Lima centered on what countries should include in their INDCs; how long should the commitments be for; should the commitments include financing and adaptation goals; and that old chestnut: how should the commitments of developed and developing countries be differentiated.
It was unclear as of Friday who had put the heightened restrictions in place for the Coney Island show.
It includes photographs from private collections and the archive of the city’s Department of Parks and Recreation as well as memorabilia — like a commemorative spoon from 1939 and matchbox covers from both fairs.
Such an outcome would severely undermine Detroit’s hopes of getting its books balanced and coming back to normal.
In the 1980s, he served in the Soviet Army with a rank of captain.
Mr. Orman is not an especially well-known candidate; many of the Republican and Republican-leaning voters who have been selecting him in public opinion surveys might have assumptions about his ideology, perhaps because he is an “independent,” that the Roberts campaign could dispel.
But China has still kept Norway in the deep freeze “to show the world that if you don’t do what they want, you will suffer,” Ms. Navarsete said.
“I think the bubble of tea growth has yet to hit us,” she said.
The first glimpse its members got was last month, along with the rest of the public, when N.Y.U.
More than 40 protesters were arrested.
The Kingsport police said they stopped the players going over 100 miles per hour just after midnight Friday morning.
Is it destined to spiral down into a covert conspiracy to knock off Muslims around the world?
“Special Ops will 100 percent still be involved in combat,” he said.
We are losing them.” I happen to be married to a person who is not Jewish.
At North Carolina, Ebron was highly productive as a pass-catching tight end, improving his reception and yardage totals each year he was there.
“Mark Pryor voted against building a border fence?
He calls on doctors to push back against families, whom he sees as demanding interventions that have “little or no chance of succeeding.” There’s no need for a conflict.
“This is one that we know well, and which we continue to dedicate resources to.” To keep up with demand, the Arlington, Tex., plant that makes the Suburban is running 24 hours a day, in three shifts, along with extra work on weekends, said Mark Clawson, G.M.’s Tahoe and Suburban marketing manager.
Mr. Inslee, a Democrat, said in his State of the State speech on Tuesday that improving finances made education spending a priority.
Others, however, were more forgiving and commended Ms. Pellerin for showing a candor all too rare among politicians.
(Siobhan Burke) American Dance Guild (through Sunday) With its very varied performance festival featuring 33 artists, the American Dance Guild salutes key players in the modern dance field.
This drew her partner’s ire, and he gave her an ultimatum.
In the first four months of this year, 83 Nepali workers died in Malaysia from various causes, a rate of one a day, including a significant number of suicides.
Now, after years of chastened retreat, we are in the midst of a lending drought.
(Smith) Museum of Modern Art: ‘Magritte: The Mystery of the Ordinary, 1926-1938’ (through Jan. 12) There’s no mystery about why Magritte is popular.
My first girlfriend told me, “It’s better to be from Brooklyn than Manhattan because you are from New York but you can’t take anything for granted, you have to have an edge.” The forces behind the changes of the last 44 years are, of course, complex.
Each country decides how much of the reimbursement rate goes to individual soldiers.
But with a helmet strapped on, stepping back in the pocket with the ball, who really cares?
“The local station owners are asking: How are we limited to owning this number of stations in a market, when the biggest markets in the country have only one, now larger, cable operator?” said Mr. Nathanson of MoffettNathanson Research.
The FIFA sanction has succeeded in converting someone who was a victimizer into a victim and in getting people who aren’t even interested in football behind Suárez.”
Wish you were here!” “There were a lot of interesting fabrications and colors, patterns, embellishments, military details, longer lengths, you name it,” Mr. Jennings said.
WESTPORT Westport Arts Center “Solos 2014,” group show.
“I could feel it crack,” he said.
Or we project them onto those we care most about.
Westchester Broadway Theater, 1 Broadway Plaza.
“I hope you call me again.” He started to walk out the door, but stopped and turned around.
Mansfield Park, July 26, 1 p.m., banderacowboycapital.com MIDLAND Wild and Crazy Guy The five million Twitter followers of Steve Martin, the Waco-born Renaissance man known for his comedy, acting, writing, music and art collecting, will be without his witty presence for the summer.
No matter how much time lapsed between episodes, though, Mr. Suchet employed the same approach when it came time to slip on the crafty Belgian’s mustache again.
It now takes on a different challenge: how to present a cogent narrative within the parameters of a private collection.
The rule at the center of the court case — issued by Mary K. Wakefield, a top federal health official — requires drug companies to provide discounts on orphan drugs when they are prescribed for common diseases.
If your iPhone breaks, you can always go back to the store to get it fixed.
“There is definitely momentum in my game coming into this event,” she said.
“One of the consequences of this scandal is it undermines the legitimacy of the government right at a moment that requires strength and credibility,” said Luis Carlos Ugalde, director of Integralia, a political consulting firm, and the former president of Mexico’s election commission.
The Kodak box camera turned the photo into a tool (and into evidence).
To afford her trappings, she works 12-hour days.
But he plans to build a home on the property, and he considers the sustainability aspects to be a bonus.
Mr. Fidell said one thing that the Sinclair case made clear was that some change is needed.
The listing, in Salt Lake City, was a steal at $100,000: a fully furnished, five-story eco-mansion with 14 rooms, including a library, a music room, an art balcony and a cupola/conservatory.
In this second episode, disturbing evidence is discovered in the room of Danny’s older sister, Chloe (Madalyn Horcher), while his father, Mark (Michael Peña), is caught in a lie.
He was back in the lineup Sunday and was a force in the paint, forcing Michigan’s centers into foul trouble.
Beyoncé provides the voice for the Leafmen’s ruler, whose 100-year reign will end when a flower pod bursts under a full moon to reveal the new queen.
Opening ALMANAC In redoing his Mas (la grillade), Galen Zamarra was inspired by a journal of seasonal foods he started when he was chef de cuisine at Bouley Bakery and continued to update year after year (thus the name Almanac).
I grew up in L.A., and we had a terrible quarterback, Roman Gabriel.
And even though my teenagers stray today, I think they will return to those wholesome, balanced meals around the family table as their point of reference in the future.
Miguel Cabrera swung, and Robertson got a break: a ground-ball double play.
BETHEL Bethel Woods Center for the Arts Kings of Leon, rock.
What traits do survivors of Ebola share?
Judge Mohammad Suliman Rasuli said the mullah’s admission that he had sex with the girl could not be considered adultery because of her young age, and was tantamount to an admission of rape.
I’ve been doing that, I swear, for 30 years.
The story is not the key; how we treat it is.
Greenspan’s attention to the particulars of Brown’s publishing ventures contributes enormously to our understanding of how 19th-century authors got their works into the hands of a varied reading public in the United States and in Britain, where Brown published his best-known works.
Haji Amin, a businessman who had just sat down to dinner with his new wife, called his uncle with a cry for help before the assailants killed the young couple.
“You can stay the night but you’ve got to hit the road come dawn.” Confrontations and sudden epiphanies abound.
The government initially said nearly 300 soldiers and civilians died, but it never furnished details.
After the civil war ended in 2003, the Liberian government disbanded the armed forces as part of an effort to demilitarize the country and soothe residents, showing that soldiers who had committed atrocities would no longer represent them.
And students who participated said they were soured when the activism veered into civil disobedience.
It declined to identify the name of the second buyer, but said it contacted that person after reviewing the sale and determining that the statue was stolen.
So when state regulators from the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry came calling a few years later, he said, he rebuffed them (colorfully, at times), unwilling to spend money on the upgrades he would need to qualify for a milk distributors’ license.
He has called gay rights one of “the defining civil rights challenges of our time.” In his role as the administration’s leading voice on civil rights issues, he has at times earned sharp criticism from Republicans who see him as infringing on state autonomy.
Michael Schultz, 23, was arrested and taken in critical but stable condition to NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center with several gunshot wounds to his body.
On Long Island, as well as in upstate New York and across the country , hard cider production and consumption is on the rise, nearly doubling in 2013 .
“Focus on a practical legislative solution for immediate relief for families, even if it doesn’t include a special path to citizenship,” he wrote.
The Ukrainians begged to differ.
In other ways, the plight of Kobani’s defenders seems gloomily familiar.
The Boys — Mr. Witton and Mr. Vacirca are terrific physical comedians — are about as soporific as Robin Williams doing stand-up on amphetamines.
If allowing fracking posed insurmountable health problems, then how are people in North Dakota doing so well?
“These creators, some of them famous for making six-second Vine videos, have to do more than get up there and smile and giggle.” After a successful run of concerts in Nashville, Teen Hoot — short for hootenanny — has expanded this summer to bring YouTube celebrities to San Diego and suburban Seattle.
One can only imagine what the late Clifford Roberts, Augusta National’s taciturn co-founder, might have thought about the affair that took place Sunday on the storied Georgia golf club’s famed 18th green.
Bibbed When it comes to polarizing fashion, overalls are right up there: cute on babies, fitting on farmers, a tougher sell for those who fall somewhere in between.
Wade also cites a 2008 paper that analyzed the genomes of almost 1,000 people from 51 populations around the globe.
While the home is being sold unfurnished, the lights are included in the asking price, and all the beds are on carved platforms that are also included, Ms. Joseph said.
For the Dolan family and other shareholders, having the Garden as a home arena has been a great financial success, regardless of how the teams have performed: Even with a 40-year streak of futility, the Knicks are regarded as the most valuable franchise in basketball , worth $1.4 billion; the Rangers are ranked the second most valuable hockey team , at $850 million.
Some relate to the actions taken by the government to gain control of A.I.G.
I remember the films, but more so I remember how I felt when I stepped into the living room — like walking into a secret, magical and free world.
Native American groups won their case before the trademark appeal board once before, in 1999, only to have it overturned by a United States District Court.
The second bedroom is upstairs.
these days, but during wintertime the pollution gets really bad.
He has never denied an affair with the actress, Julie Gayet.
I knew there was a kind of logic to this place, and I could tell that my captors wanted me to learn it.
Their mother, with her own mental illnesses, including bipolar disorder, had not worked, but had encouraged her children’s sense of responsibility.
The bigger space also has isolation rooms to prevent the spread of infectious diseases.
Near Monrovia, Liberia, a pool that once belonged to President William Tolbert, who was killed in 1980, is filled with murky water.
As the death of Cafe Edison this month has reminded us, New Yorkers can’t keep taking blintzes, latkes and borscht for granted.
The euro continued its summer slide, hitting $1.313.
New York City schools have never been subject to a citywide desegregation suit, and the state’s schools are now more segregated than Mississippi’s .
One of the great feats of 20th-century engineering, a landmark of modernist architecture is facing demolition.
As Americans slouched toward the Bicentennial celebrations of July 4, 1976, pundits were wondering whether the country even deserved to throw itself a birthday party.
PAIRING PASTA WITH PARSNIPS is not one of the more obvious matches.
Last year’s winner was the Aston Martin DB3S.
As Vincent Glad pointed out in an article on Slate.fr, Libération may not want to be a restaurant or a social network but it has long capitalized on its reputation.
It was a shift that the 7-year-old, Prince Moulay Hicham El Alaoui, still remembers well.
Yet Kim’s narrative suggests that the regime’s stranglehold on ­information is starting to crack.
“Every individual publisher is forced to deal with these demands, because they cannot break with a company that accounts for 50 percent of the market.” The German booksellers association has responded by calling on lawmakers to adapt antitrust laws to better fit the digital market, which would allow publishers to band together.
“Noncontributors continued to suffer health declines,” the paper said.
I want language.’ ” What most appealed to her about “Maps to the Stars,” she added, was the screenplay by Bruce Wagner, whose novels she had long admired.
Disney is also expected to announce in the months ahead that it will spend hundreds of millions of dollars to build “Star Wars”-themed additions at existing resorts.
Since retiring, she has also sued, or attempted to sue, the director of her building, once winning $31,000 when she fell down the stairs and broke her foot there.
And sometimes after Mary went to sleep at night, he’d quietly drive off to find more, and he’d cruise around the city high and drunk, returning at daybreak, he said, to “slither back into bed” before she woke up.
In his memoir, “Dreams From My Father,” he meditated on Auntie Zeituni’s use of the term “getting lost” to describe a family member who had lost touch.
He knew so much about politics that reporters who worked for him assumed that he was a longtime newspaper editor in his late 60s or 70s, not a 40-something executive at a family carpet business writing as a hobby.
Jacob Burns Film Center, 364 Manville Road.
(Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, New York) $40 Château Lespault Martillac Pessac-Léognan 2010 ★★ Spicy, waxy and tightly wound with flavors of citrus and herbs.
“From the consumer standpoint, it’s more useful,” he said.
Marianne E. Erdos, New York
But he said that Mr. Colbert had one special request: “He said, ‘I want to be sure Dave is on board.’ ” Mr. Moonves said he had already decided that “it was essential to me to get Dave’s blessing.” So he called and spoke to the star personally to let him know that the network was leaning toward hiring Mr. Colbert.
That was five years of torment for this country, where every newscast would end with how many days Shalit had been in captivity.
At the beginning of the rainy season every year, Nyaaker Onwar, 34, would plant the sorghum and vegetables, while her husband and eldest son herded the cows and caught fish from the White Nile.
A former home minister in Mr. Modi’s state government in Gujarat, Mr. Shah is accused of ordering several extrajudicial killings, also called fake encounters, in the state.
Judge James Boasberg of Federal District Court ruled Thursday that the city had provided ample evidence to prove the law’s impact on safety.
At 75, Mr. Divinigracia still calls his 87-year-old wife “dear,” and he clearly means it, even after he has answered the same question a dozen times within a few moments.
And Joyce (Jenna Elfman) is certified cool by her grad school study partner, causing Katie (Ava Deluca-Verley) to re-evaluate her mother.
It had previously reached sales agreements with the country’s other two biggest carriers.
Should we install underfloor radiant heating when we remodel?
Those are the nightmare cases, defense lawyers and prosecutors say, horrific situations in which people who never received effective treatment for mental illnesses ended up committing violent crimes.
For Ms. Sims, it’s a homecoming: Ms. Buglisi was her Martha Graham teacher at Ballet Hispanico.
But even the intact concrete boardwalk will be ripped out as part of the reconstruction.
They’ve raised salaries except for those who have a union card in their pocket.” The labor board has rejected the union’s claims that Cablevision was bargaining in bad faith.
That 1940s and ’50s cinematic universe is an obsession for the musical’s title character, who isn’t really an ace investigator but an ace nerd.
An amateur botanist with a taste from her Martinique childhood for rare and exotic plants, Joséphine was an avid collector of unusual species.
I left after the Denver Broncos portion of the day, stepping out into the chill with a few other reporters.
He began painting seriously in the late 1950s while stationed in the Army in Italy.
As a teenager, he persuaded his family to let him study in London, where Queen Victoria noticed him and commissioned him to paint two women in the royal entourage.
So Putin is now fighting human nature among his own young people and his neighbors — who both want more E.U.
“Not only do Mormons believe the priesthood is the power of God, and can perform and officiate in miracles, but it’s also completely intertwined with the governance structure of the church,” she said.
In “The Power to Lead: The Crisis of the American Presidency,” his 1984 book about the dearth of transforming leaders, as opposed to transactional ones, in contemporary America, Mr. Burns was able to denounce the outlook of a staunch conservative like President Ronald Reagan but admire him for his instinctive leadership — his understanding of not just how to maneuver the levers of power but also how to muster party unity and effect an attitudinal shift in society.
He said that while holding onto Mr. Garner, he felt fear that they would crash through a plate glass storefront as they tumbled to the ground, said Stuart London, his lawyer.
You just have to let me do this.’ ” But letting Ms. Weitzman have her way isn’t such a sacrifice, Ms. Adler conceded.
At least three died while fighting on the battlefield, and about a dozen are believed to be currently fighting for the Islamic State.
The light in this picture feels ecclesiastical.
Denis Pushilin — the leader of a separatist group that seized the Donetsk government headquarters; proclaimed an independent nation , the Donetsk People’s Republic; and demanded a referendum on the future status of the region — said he was not bound by any commitment made by Russia.
The report also calls on the Legislature to pass a speedy-trial provision that would bring New Jersey into line with 38 other states.
Jack Markell of Delaware, a Democrat, told Ronan Farrow of MSNBC that if Ms.
As he tried to regain composure Sunday during his first New York City Marathon, his mind wandered.
Its summary states: ACCORDING TO A MINISTRY OF JUSTICE OFFICIAL, THE PRC NOW HAS FOUR PRESSING GOALS: COMPLETE ERADICATION OF “COUNTER-REVOLUTIONARY ELEMENTS,” CONTINUATION OF ECONOMIC OPENNESS AND REFORM; POLITICAL EDUCATION OF THE MASSES; AND THE WEEDING OUT OF CORRUPTION.
Also incorporating a way cool science lesson, the show follows the adventures of Velma, whose entry into first grade is complicated by the near-perfect reputations of her older sisters.
was offering loaner cars at no cost to drivers of the recalled cars and has already loaned out 13,000 vehicles.
Most residents had rather vague notions of the family’s affairs, yet many were quick to dispute the news reports as distorted.
I’ve done “The 24 Hour Plays” a couple of times.
Count Basie Theater, 99 Monmouth Street.
Yet in a globalized world, people do know about more than just their own neighborhood.
So long as that remains true, a routine universal offering of tests is a good strategy to ensure people are tested even if they’re not comfortable broaching the idea that they are at risk.
Organizers of the annual parade have said gay groups could march in the procession but could not carry signs or identify their sexuality.
When the City Council approved a tough anti-illegal-immigration resolution in 2006 — and when voters approved the law to fine landlords renting to immigrants without legal status a year later — Mr. Koch said city officials were convinced that Farmers Branch was at the vanguard of a movement.
In “Subject to Search,” Abu Ghraib prison is referred to not by name, but as syllables that sound “like nonsense” to the heroine, who thinks her “terrible ear for languages made everything that was not English sound very, well, mimsy, as if plucked from ‘Jabberwocky.’ ” The revelation of torture at the prison is the reason this woman’s lover (who has some sort of connection to military intelligence) gives for breaking off their rendezvous in France early, saying he has to return to the United States to help deal with the situation.
His success encouraged the emergence of a number of highly accomplished painters in the same style, as yet not identified by name, such as the Master of the Legend of St. Ursula, the Master of the Legend of St. Lucy and the Master of the Legend of St. Catherine, whose works were also exported and bought by Italian clients.
But once the show began, a ring of flames circled the lake, a pyrotechnic trick that became the low point of the day.
“The results of this process cannot be guaranteed by politicians.” Australia is president of the G-20 this year, following Russia in 2013 and ahead of Turkey next year.
During the early 20th century, we know, harmonic languages became increasingly experimental, even radical, and composers like Schoenberg broke away from tonality, the system of major and minor keys.
Mr. Headley’s many-sided life — three wives, drug-smuggling convictions and a past as an informant for the United States Drug Enforcement Administration — would eventually collapse.
Benjamin Franklin Parkway at 26th Street, 215-763-8100, philamuseum.org.
Violence erupted in the wake of the video, news agencies in Iraq reported.
There are no such lapses on “Madam Secretary,” of course.
On Tuesday evening, Mr. Xi invited Mr. Obama to dinner at his official residence, telling his guest he hoped they had laid the foundation for a collaborative relationship — or, as he more metaphorically put it, “A pool begins with many drops of water.” Greeting Mr. Obama at the gate of the walled leadership compound next to the Forbidden City, Mr. Xi squired him across a brightly lighted stone bridge and into the residence.
(Cotter) Philadelphia Museum of Art: ‘Treasures From Korea: Arts and Culture of the Joseon Dynasty, 1392-1910’ (closes on Monday) Viewers expecting a spectacle of extravagant opulence may be surprised by this exhibition of paintings, sculptures, ceramics, garments and more from one of the longest lived dynasties in world history.
He reached the semifinals here twice.
Before the game, at the quarterly owners’ meeting a couple of blocks away, Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees’ managing general partner, said he was proud that the team was still in the race, given all of its injuries.
The Trisha Brown Dance Company will perform on the East River waterfront.
What advice would you give to someone on the brink of a major career change who has a significant web presence in his/her current profession but needs to shift the landscape?
I practiced six hours a day, seven days a week, and I worked long hours, too.
Think The Great One in Canada for the hockey star Wayne Gretzky.
Yet, at a certain point as the summer progresses, you may be ready for a less primitive approach.
The rich, melodic score and a passionate cast bring alive the tumultuous yearnings in the characters’ hearts.
“First or last, probably the best of all those equations, right?” It was vintage Jackson, and it took some unpacking.
Virginia Jenkins, 75, a retired department store employee from Crown Heights, Brooklyn, received an alarming pair of letters in March: JPMorgan Chase informed her that the bank account containing her life savings had been frozen; Midland Funding, a debt buyer, wrote to say it had a court judgment against her for $6,000.
The competition is especially tough when it comes to later-stage investments in the most admired billion-dollar tech companies, a group that includes such companies as Square, Box and Uber.
I help do the evaluations for every single teacher, all 180 of them.
In his letter to Mr. Holder, Mr. Reid singled out a former acting general counsel of the C.I.A., Robert Eatinger, for referring the C.I.A.’s claims to the Justice Department even though he was mentioned 1,600 times in the Intelligence Committee’s report on C.I.A.
Many sites provide information that they gather themselves, like annotated seat maps, with reviews posted by passengers.
If you need it, you can borrow it.’ Can’t we do that?”
“I had this thing that I moved from Canada to live in New York,” she said.
He and Ms. Vickers, who are both 31 and have been a couple since their teens, started Kiel James Patrick in 2008.
Tony Guglielmo, a Republican state senator on the public safety committee, said most of his friends with military-style rifles such as AR-15s had not come forward.
Clayton D. Lockett, the prisoner whose prolonged writhing during his execution on April 29 led Oklahoma to suspend executions and caused national questioning of lethal injection methods, was killed by the injected drugs and not by a heart attack as state officials originally announced, according to a state-commissioned autopsy report released Thursday.
"So we want to make sure that when we take that on, that we have the adequate capability and we've set the conditions right to get things done."
In addition to the direct costs to governments, harsh weather can also mean lower tax revenue by slowing economic activity.
In the afternoon, the police encountered growing resistance from protesters and dragged off some of the people who had not left the area set for clearance.
Ms. Meshel-Dillman shows no real naysayers: parents who question the sacrifice or overwhelmed students.
Layoffs were long expected in the unit, but not on this scale.
The battle for relocation, a familiar tale in the Olympics movement, attracted the attention of the news media and advocacy groups like Human Rights Watch.
Some were able to find excellent alternatives and, in many cases, even better wines.
Beginning in 1980s, Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco made stabs at introducing “safer” cigarettes designed to produce fewer carcinogens.
How badly did the Broadway producers of “The Audience,” a coming play starring Helen Mirren, want their first-choice theater, the Schoenfeld?
In the Blaser lab and elsewhere, scientists are racing to take a census of the bugs in the human gut and — even more difficult — to figure out what effects they have on us.
But if we live in a big data “Wild West,” then every company has to be the sheriff of its own brand.
As modern artwork and tourism grow (the Ministry of Tourism expects earnings from tourism to reach more than $1 billion this year, compared with $534 million in 2012) new high-end private galleries like TS1, which is housed in an old transit shed, have also begun to spring up in Yangon.
A study of ancient life on the Tibetan Plateau — the so-called roof of the world — says it was the ability to grow barley that allowed humans to establish permanent settlements at very high altitudes.
They are contests between competing visions for the country.
They will have three different opening acts: Phosphorescent on Tuesday, Lord Huron on Wednesday and MS MR on Thursday.
“It’s like a death.” Watts, it turns out, is a Birmingham native who played football in high school and who attended the university.
“We went to the Middle East because there was wealth, there was an ambition and a market that was ambitious for higher-tier brands, and, yeah, there was a lot of youth,” he said.
The goal is to make sure that insiders who engage in questionable conduct are required to pay the piper — and that the companies let shareholders know they have done so.
“The overwhelming majority of its money comes from criminal activities like extortion, kidnapping, robberies and smuggling.
They have two part-time staff members, but Ms. Quinn still does much of the sewing herself.
Kidrockers (Sunday) It’s hard to imagine mature, self-respecting, childless adults wanting — much less needing — to sneak into a kids’ show.
The Pine Tar Umpire Tim McClelland, the majors’ second longest-tenured umpire behind Joe West, will miss the season with a back injury.
The boy and his streetwise sister, then in second grade, were more than she could handle.
By early summer, after Lampard retired from the English national team after the World Cup in Brazil, Chelsea effectively retired him when they signed Cesc Fàbregas from Barcelona.
I cleared it Thursday at 1:30, no problem.
Mr. Tyner said the McDaniel campaign’s research would show that Mr. McDaniel had won by 25,000 votes.
“I just want to come out with my big game and play my aggressive tennis.”
For more independent commentary and analysis, visit breakingviews.com .
As evidenced by “The Husband’s Secret,” Ms. Moriarty’s fans will happily plow on through endless minor incidents to find out.
He kind of humors me a bit.
If he gets the points he needs before his birthday in December, Sevian will become just the seventh player in the world to become a grandmaster before turning 14.
In speech, they often employed the political lexicon of China’s ruling Communist Party.
It depends how you define surprise.
“I have, I’m not kidding, about 40 reusable bags at home, because I feel so guilty when I come without them that I buy more each time,” she said.
Mr. Joseph had most recently been vice president for product marketing at Lavastorm Analytics, Boston.
You can always find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com .
Sherman, the boy, played the panting straight man to the dog, Mr. Peabody, rather than the lad in danger, like Timmy did with that brave collie Lassie.
Two years after he became president in 1959 (he was named chief executive a year later), Northrop was working on more than 70 big jobs.
The stringent harmonies of Shostakovich’s broody String Quartet No.
NATO has also moved cautiously.
Today, the sentiment around invitations has shifted to express the joining of two families rather than focus on the traditional “whoever pays, hosts.” Therefore, it is not uncommon to see the bride’s and groom’s parents all listed as hosts, even when expenses are not shared and the groom’s parents are honorary hosts.
But just like airline flying was once considered chic, boasting a foreign ambassador as a neighbor no longer seems to carry the same cachet as it once did.
The troupe continues moving forward with an eye to history: “past-carry-forward,” created by alumni of the company, examines the African-American experience in the early 20th century, from the Great Migration to the Harlem Renaissance.
“I felt their affection immediately,” he said.
The paintings teeter between order and chaos and beauty and ugliness.
She is part of an intricate sales chain.
(What is it about country music and space?
among them at times during the past 40 years — baseball will find its way back to explosive offenses, Black said.
Doubtless, reading good books benefited me during the months and years of writing, yet I remained skeptical of any tight correlation to what I produced.
Broadhurst Theater, 235 West 44th Street, 800-432-7259, telecharge.com.
Locals reminded us at every turn that few visitors to Wales enjoy the weather that we did on the crisp, sunlit November days of our trip, which made it a particular pleasure to explore Thomas’s haunts.
I had this spark in me from a young age to try to find a way to create something.
A few diners stood frozen.
Of that first class of eight companies, two start-ups failed right away because of conflicts between founders, two have been acquired, one is profitable and the other three have raised significant investment capital.
David Wolstencroft, the mastermind behind the BBC spy series “MI-5,” wrote this two-part “Masterpiece Mystery!” thriller, shown here in its entirety.
Silk embroidered with gold thread and steel honed to a surgical edge; poetic images of birds and flowers and scenes of bloody carnage; and refined objects made of grass, hawk egg and ray skin.
But Lahoris commute on a rapid metrobus system, and a similar initiative in Islamabad will be the federal capital’s most expensive road project to date.
It took more than a year — and more than a dozen trips to the Rose Bowl with friends — before a plan was in place.
The carnage that spread to over 250 villages here was set off by a Hindu procession through the Bhagalpur district that was carrying bricks to build a temple at the site of an ancient mosque in Ayodhya, where Hindus believe the god Ram was born.
But after his arrest, he became an extraordinary government witness, pleading guilty, helping the authorities solve about 30 homicides, some of which he had been involved in; testifying in three trials; and providing what one Federal Bureau of Investigation agent called “the most stunning cooperation I’ve seen.” Federal law enforcement authorities assured Mr. Feliz that they would do all they could to keep him from being sent back to the Dominican Republic after he completed his sentence, including seeking a special S visa, known colloquially as a snitch visa, that could allow him to stay in the United States.
◆ The incessant rains of autumn are driving people mad in THE DAY OF THE DEAD (Europa Editions, paper, $18), the fourth in a series of seasonal mysteries by Maurizio de Giovanni (in a stylish translation by Antony Shugaar) set in Naples during the regime of Benito Mussolini.
The turn against the Brothers is a fateful error.
Since January, nearly all those leaving prisons and jails can get Medicaid — in states that have expanded eligibility under the Affordable Care Act, that is.
The political and historical war of words between Japan and South Korea has found another battleground: the United States.
Other examples are companies that investors may not regard as traditional dividend sources, like Hasbro, the toy company.
Then, we’re shocked and unhappy when things don’t work out the way we expected.
The anticorruption agency has made little progress in investigating the case, “despite the fact that incident took place in 2010,” in the words of a statement by the office of the Attorney General, which issued a statement skeptical of the Thursday decision.
American units were in retreat, scarcely a week before Gen. Douglas MacArthur’s amphibious assault on the port of Inchon temporarily reversed the fortunes of war.
Environmentalists and, so far, the Tasmanian government favor keeping the Australian state clean of genetically manipulated organisms, a goal that growers dismiss.
In those cases, any initial errors in Google Translate infect Wikipedia, which is fed back into Google Translate, reinforcing the error.
The nation was stunned at the sight of local police officers armed for a military siege in Ferguson, Mo., when protesters took to the streets last month after the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager.
American troops were sent to Helmand as part of the surge announced by President Obama in 2009, eventually taking over the combat role.
The prospect of enduring menstruation every month is boggling.
32 WR Matchup) — Just when Fitzgerald was getting his season on track, he lost his starting quarterback, Carson Palmer, for the season.
“You buy a big sheet cake with cheesecake filling, they’re perfect.” A couple in workout gear wandered in, talking to each other in hushed tones.
He didn’t mean that the four works were no cooler or more interesting than being forced to live with a behemoth of capitalism.
WILTON Wilton Historical Society “Heidi Howard: Maker and Printer.” Through July 3.
As it happens, though, the new Ricky bag is not the first handbag to contain a light or the first to offer phone-charging capabilities.
She received a medical degree from New York University.
The defendants were detained after their peaceful march was attacked by a group of men in civilian clothes who seemed to arrive with the police and hurled rocks and bottles at the protesters.
They exquisitely capture the sense of being lost, formless and on your own that descends with the end of adolescence (2:20).
“Changing the way news organizations make money will fundamentally change our democracy,” said Mr. de Botton, who recently created a news blog, The Philosopher’s Mail .
That kind of political interference, however, would undo the entire effort.
The 33 Tony nominators spread the recognition around: Sixteen shows received at least four nominations, compared with 12 shows in 2013 and 10 in 2012.
Such unilateral steps have been gaining traction recently among some prominent Israelis close to Mr. Netanyahu, though they have been vigorously opposed by Washington and the Palestinian leadership.
And while it eschews overt spiritual messaging, it seeks out films that possess a clear, inspirational quality.
And consumers using prepaid plans, who do not receive monthly bills, most likely received no information about such charges.
“We didn’t have problems inside the property, just on the outskirts where there was confrontation.” Still, the images of the clashes brought into sharp relief the discontent over rising costs of living in Rio as it experiences a frenetic investment surge ahead of the World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics, which Rio will also host.
5 Photos View Slide Show › World leaders set to attend the 70th anniversary events on Friday include President Obama, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Queen Elizabeth II of Britain alongside the country’s prime minister, David Cameron.
“The three games we’ve won, I’ve been really aggressive, getting into the paint, making things happen, not only scoring the ball but making the extra pass.” He added, “I know that’s what my team needs me to do, so I wanted to come out early and establish that.” Williams, who has sustained frequent injuries to both ankles over the last two seasons, said he planned to receive extensive treatment and seemed tentatively optimistic about playing on Sunday.
She was arrested after posting pro-Ukrainian views on social networking sites and giving food and clean clothes to Ukrainian soldiers when they approached the outskirts of her town.
A bartender mimicked an air raid siren.
But he insists he does not need the sort of reassurance that Gardner sought in his own last days.
Then the path narrows, funneling into the northernmost section of Phase 3, the one skirting the Hudson River.
In a few days, it might be possible to find a seat to Tbilisi, Georgia, he said, but cautious airline officials were making travelers headed abroad turn out their pockets to prove they had $2,000, the minimal amount of cash required.
“That’s how they do it.”) The veal and ricotta meatballs in a starter were hard and dense, and the sauce bland.
Accordingly, the scene inspired a security presence worthy of a sporting event, with barricades lining the boulevard, police officers overseeing the area outside the Ohel Chabad Lubavitch Center, which sits beside the site, and private security personnel patrolling the grounds.
Although he is still No.
Asked whether the visit had changed anything, Mr. Clapper said that was unclear.
Ms. Hyltin opens up into some academic ballet shapes with a marvelously sculptural fullness and Mr. Ramasar’s dances have some surprising touches, as when his right shoulder briefly lifts, like a tic.
“The proposal undermines a key protection for some of the sickest, most vulnerable Medicare beneficiaries,” said Andrew Sperling, a lobbyist at the National Alliance on Mental Illness.
Buying an annuity that doesn’t begin making payments until much later — perhaps more than a decade — is more cost-effective than buying an annuity at retirement and collecting the income immediately.
State officials and politicians are eager to appear responsive to threats of terrorism and crime.
According to the July employment report, there are 9.7 million people who are unemployed.
The concern of course is how do they make it through these ice-free summers that are now longer then ever before, without the access to seals that ice provides.
“It’s O.K., Bryan,” he said.
“Sensational.” Mr. Harper usually refuses to exhibit these personal works, which were made from 1963 to around 2000 as a means of relieving the stress of a demanding professional life.
And for Lucky Charms cereal, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year, General Mills is running a commercial that sidesteps the brand’s usual target audience, children, and aims at young adults.
Mr. Simmons: Yes, pretty much as long as we’ve lived together.
Russia’s annexation of the Crimean Peninsula in March has provoked disputes ranging from military security to the provision of basic utilities, including energy, for which Crimea is highly dependent on the mainland.
“I cannot express what it means to me to be able to go back home.”
The Met wants to cut the pay and benefits of its workers, who are among the best paid in their fields.
But this chorus was different.
The rice bowl has come a long way.
Some older versions of Snapdragon will also be able to upgrade to MIMO through a software download.
“The Realistic Joneses” didn’t receive any nominations; it had some strong reviews and a marquee cast – including Toni Collette and Michael C. Hall – but mixed buzz from some Tony nominators and audience members.
1 40 years ago this week.
They have no benefits, no vacation, no raises.
“Looking back, I guess it was a mistake not to work out a long-term rotation of the dates with Gulfstream,” he said.
Rancy, whose stepfather said he loved dancing and soccer and wanted to be a civil engineer, died before sunrise.
Unrest continued to swirl in eastern Ukraine as well, where Russian troops have massed along the border, raising fears of a new military incursion into mainland Ukraine.
“We just have to keep the patient alive long enough in order for the body to control this infection,” he said.
St. Peter’s Lutheran Church, Lexington Avenue, at 54th Street, womenvoicesfestival.eventbrite.com; $30 and $40; $20 for students and 65+.
“It’s not a tragic drama.” The idea is multilayered, she said by telephone from her studio in Amagansett.
“I wanted to take that time just to know it’s a different year now,” Yanni said.
“Ebola has always remained a very localised event,” he posted.
“Telling moribund, absurd, negative things against the people I have protected seems to go against the honor of a military man, against my notion of how one treats a human being, and against the attachment I had for my mother, and the mother of my daughter,” Mr. Simbikangwa said.
The prisoner, identified as Muhammad Asghar, 70, was taken to a hospital and his condition was stable, officials said.
Now you get to move it.
There’s hardly anything opaque or ambiguous.
American lawmakers have called on the Obama administration to speed up permits that would allow shipments of more American liquefied natural gas to Europe.
As Mr. Yoo built his church, he embarked on a second career, as a business magnate.
Timothy Wynn took up the challenge on Sunday.
The mayor has, however, stuck up for Ms. Noerdlinger, mostly by refusing to describe what he and his aides knew about her personal circumstances before she was hired, or why she had not made the required disclosures.
Mr. Papaconstantinou, an economist who was educated in the United States and Britain and who served under the former Prime Minister George A. Papandreou from 2009 to 2011, will stand trial on charges of attempted breach of trust and of tampering with a list of about 2,000 Greeks with money deposited overseas, court officials said.
That study and the one commissioned by Mr. Steyer and others are being published this fall, just before a major United Nations meeting on climate change.
This is grotesque , and some scholars think it approaches genocide.
“There have been a whole bunch of medical studies that found the creative state identical on a neurological level to bipolar disorder.
And the trucking companies themselves are typically working on thin profit margins and serving customers on long-term contracts, which means that if they simply raised pay sharply to recruit more truckers, they could end up losing money.
It’s all part of Pier Kids, a new family entertainment series that also includes art making.
The four men have pleaded innocent to the charges.
During some of the games, the bar, sealed tight to keep in the weak air conditioning, became so full of cigarette smoke it was hard to keep one’s eyes open long enough to catch a goal.
She needs your continuing support, and your efforts to create any opportunities you can over time to encourage positive contact.
We can explore a couple’s inner workings if we have an invitation to do so.
Nineteen men and nine women were killed after being removed from the bus, said the inspector general of the Kenyan police, David Kimaiyo.
By 1970, the number had dipped to 76 percent.
But I’ve appreciated every single one that I’ve gone to.” TEIXEIRA RELIEVED Mark Teixeira was in much better spirits Tuesday after speaking with Dr. Keith Raskin, the surgeon who performed the operation to repair a torn tendon sheath in his right wrist almost a year ago, but he was still not ready to play.
said the requested disclosures should have been limited to employees in a position to incur material losses.
For the opening in March, Merdi Sihombing, an Indonesian artist and fashion designer, demonstrated how he makes ulos, hand woven cloths used as garments, and left behind the loom he brought with him, which now sits under five of his works on the skylight wall.
The bar also sells People’s Pops , frozen ices on a stick, in flavors like greenmarket strawberry-blueberry and raspberry sweet tea.
Women have accused Mr. Cosby of drugging and raping them over a period of decades; he has denied the allegations and not been charged.
And it has this edgy avant-garde culture.
Some officials see growing risks to financial stability, including a downward trend in risk premiums, while a majority continues to see those risks as modest and secondary.
Her Francesca, a questioning farmer’s wife who briefly discovers a love with all the answers, brings a rich and varied topography to what might have been strictly flat corn country.
The ship may move to a location in Brooklyn within four to six months if negotiations with the conservancy succeed, according to a person with knowledge of the talks who spoke on condition of anonymity because negotiations are continuing.
It also feel very acutely its enormous sense of new power.
But he was unmasked in late February, and it was further revealed that he had never officially worked at Goldman.
As a child, he declared his ambition to be “world king,” and even looked into Article II of the Constitution to assess his prospects as a presidential contender (he still holds an American passport).
Some posted archived Twitter messages between Mr. Monsegur, whose online alias was “Sabu,” and others whom they claimed he baited into discussions about hacking domestic and foreign targets.
Mr. Pentland summons evidence from a range of experiments to support his thesis.
faces perhaps its most significant competition, from the likes of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft, both of which have big cloud businesses, and from I.B.M., which in less than 12 months will throw $4 billion at building out a cloud business.
Given that the company repurchased eight million shares during the quarter, its earnings jumped 19 percent on a per-share basis, to $2.14 from $1.80 a year earlier.
These are not works of ­conventional narrative; rather, an unexpected order emerges from the seemingly arbitrary alphabetization.
He is also helping to promote it for retailers, including the Aqua Best market in Chinatown, which gets it fresh, usually once or twice a week.
As artists and art spaces seem increasingly compelled to abandon New York, their protean nature is powerful.
But the hope is that private individuals will keep the greater good in mind.
Kitchen updates include concrete tile floors, stainless-steel appliances and a breakfast bar.
Send your workplace conundrums to workologist@nytimes.com including your name and contact information (even if you want it withheld for publication).
Other people attending Brat Fest were exasperated that the organizers would take a secular event and introduce a religious element.
It is, in effect, providing foreign tutelage to the militarization of Africa’s politics, which undermines peace and democracy throughout the continent.
“And don’t bring him to my games.
Reynolds Fine Art, 96 Orange Street.
The first possibility — the one that most traders and analysts seem to be expecting — is that Saudi Arabia will achieve whatever were the true geopolitical or economic objectives that encouraged it to trigger the price slump and will then re-establish its near-monopoly power over the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Eco-Cruises: Winter Seals and Waterbirds of New York Harbor (Sunday) A lot of tourists visit New York in the winter, but some of the most interesting won’t be found in the crowds at Times Square.
You can dip into it anywhere and be maddened, confused or stirred.
He was also a streetwise realist who, oddly, believed in magic; he thought real estate would always go up.
“It is hard to separate the real ones that are emotional versus the actual conversations that you might have.” Of course, not all new parents or people in need of a leave to care for children or aging parents can afford a timeout.
“Those are winning players,” Ellsbury said of Jeter.
In the best years, he makes a special red cuvée, Bixintxo.
Electric and gas supplies were shut off.
Most of us assume that others would go along with such schemes only if, on some level, they felt comfortable doing so.
Health care in those communities also tends to be poor or nonexistent.
In a desperate attempt to find capital to replace the money flowing out, according to the lawsuit, Mr. Falcone sold some shares in Harbinger Group, where he is chief executive.
A vast series of underwater caves beckons thousands of divers.
After years in which a combination of fiscal pressures and a complacent trust in the alliance’s protection may have led them to drop their guard, those nations are facing new pressure to pump more money into their own defense, in one of their most fundamental shifts in priorities since the end of the Cold War.
One elderly editor is called on the carpet for writing, in passing, that lignite, or brown coal, produces soot when burned.
The houses fade into semidarkness during the courtroom scene, when a few extra pieces of furniture fill the front of the stage.
“Today, it was my day,” Justine said, still wearing her goggles and helmet.
Many teams besides the Knicks have been dreadful.
And a separate report from the bureau, covering employer reports about hirings and firings, showed more people were hired during the first quarter than in any comparable period since the first three months of 2008, as the Great Recession was just beginning.
The pitmaster, Josh Bowen, hails from Kansas, where the abolitionist John Brown’s disciples butchered pro-slavery settlers; a mural illustrating his campaign brightens the back patio, the place to park when the weather is right.
Meanwhile, Caponigro continues to pull some of the company’s best historical collaborations from the archives — Draper’s Manor Rose, for instance, and Frank’s Citrus Garden.
Now Hiddink is planning to return home, to succeed Louis van Gaal as coach of the national team, after the completion of the World Cup.
“The staircase was one of my pet projects,” she said.
In its struggle with the Palestinian Authority, dominated by Fatah, Hamas is running low on cash, so many workers have not been paid, or have been only partly paid, for months now.
“The plain text of the statute, the statutory structure and the statutory purpose make clear that Congress intended to make premium tax credits available on both state-run and federally facilitated exchanges,” Judge Friedman said.
On Monday, he is scheduled to make his spring debut against the Atlanta Braves.
's mother, rushed out of the building where the children were stabbed and threw her hands in the air, triumphantly.
However, the Asahi Shimbun, one of Japan’s biggest newspapers, quoted an unnamed police source as saying that at least one of the men was recruited through a bookstore in Akihabara, a Tokyo neighborhood that is a center of youth culture.
Film Forum Jr.: ‘Oliver!’ (Sunday) Food, glorious food, and songs, glorious songs.
Uber’s clashes with various municipal authorities have been reported on with the kind of glee usually reserved for philandering politicians.
(Wednesday): 536 East Fifth Street (Avenue B), 646-833-7811, tuomenyc.com .
Many lawmakers are not eager to have that fight again, but Ms. Gillibrand said she would like another vote before year’s end.
The team confirmed that Miles, who was promoted from the practice squad this week, had injured his right shin area when he became tangled with a teammate.
An important oil pipeline is nearby, carrying nearly 15 percent of the country’s oil flow to a port on the Turkish coast.
The exhibition, which runs through Dec. 1, comes to life in three of MoMA PS1’s galleries.
4 Chicago Bulls vs. No.
The result is to make Madison Bumgarner’s performance look even more remarkable.
■ Catriona Matthew of Scotland took the first-round lead at the Airbus L.P.G.A.
Ms. Phillips’ company charges corporate clients a small fee for dropping off used CRT monitors and televisions, but makes the majority of its money on the back end, selling scrap metal to big recyclers like ECS Refining in Santa Clara, Calif. Ms. Phillips’ 13-employee facility takes everything from used printers and keyboards to the occasional coffeemaker and microwave.
Everything will be done to return him to full fitness and deliver a speedy recovery.
Mr. Qu, who answers the phones himself, estimates he has sold 30,000 to 40,000 units.
Mr. Erdogan has said nothing about Berkin Elvan’s death.
A post by a user named Wareesiroong complained that Thai media was “broadcasting only good news” from the junta, “and negatively criticize the other side without allowing them space to respond.” The post concluded: “Where’s there reconciliation?” Leaders of the former protest movement have been barred by the military from making public comments.
“We view cap and trade as having a lot of benefits,” he said.
My medical history didn’t seem to faze him.
The prolonged crisis and the sanctions, against financial, defense and energy companies, as well as individuals, have weighed heavily on the Russian economy.
The number of uninsured Americans is dropping much faster in states accepting Medicaid expansion than in states rejecting it.
Turning off the LCD, GPS or other features can extend battery life, but do you want to compromise on those features?
It was the first government-to-government meeting since the end of China’s civil war in 1949, when the Communists drove the nationalists from the mainland to Taiwan.
Hurricane Sandy and Housing Discrimination: In a 2013 editorial , the Times editorial board reports on charges that “black and Hispanic citizens” who lost their homes in Hurricane Sandy faced discrimination.
Q. Ann C. from North Carolina asks: My father is unemployed and got married in February.
Psychologists are exploring spitefulness in its customary role as a negative trait, a lapse that should be embarrassing but is often sublimated as righteousness, as when you take your own sour time pulling out of a parking space because you notice another car is waiting for it and you’ll show that vulture who’s boss here, even though you’re wasting your own time, too.
Nearly as surprising is that Quixote Village may become a template for homeless housing projects across the country.
As a friend of Picasso’s during the 1950s, while the artist was living in the south of France, Mr. Richardson saw more than most.
Mr. Maliki has been central to the disorder, wielding power in favor of his Shiite majority brethren at the expense of the minority Sunnis, stoking sectarian conflict and enabling a climate in which militants could gain traction.
The deal, negotiated by House Republicans and aides to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the outgoing majority leader, showed how much power has shifted since the Republican election victories this month.
“I think that there’s probably a good reason why these animals are kept somewhat removed from employees and others who frequent the grounds at the White House.”
You pick up a new book or go to the movies.
They still have the worst record in the division, at 37-49, but are only nine and a half games behind first-place Toronto.
Charlotte’s Jannero Pargo missed a 3-point attempt as time expired.
Stock in Ameriprise Financial, a wealth management company, surged after it posted earnings that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations.
“The needs are so great, the line of trucks is getting longer,” Fares said.
The architecture critic Michael Kimmelman has “a few Georges Simenon mysteries on my stack, as usual.” He listed several other books, including some histories of early American cities, and said he is “anxious to reread a few of Gabriel García Márquez’s novels because, as Thomas Pynchon said, he knew the only honest way to write about love.” The editor and columnist Gretchen Morgenson plans to “finish two classics that I started earlier in my life but put down: ‘Moby-Dick’ and ‘War and Peace.’ Two giant holes in my education, so it’s high time I read them all the way through.” Quotable “I used to write in a cafe, and I’d realize sometimes as I was writing that I’d be ‘doing’ my characters — expressions, gestures, even muttering to myself.
In a presentation on Wednesday at the annual Management Briefing Seminars of the Center for Automotive Research, held in Traverse City, Mich., Kristin Kolodge of J.▥D.
And a long-missing notebook from 1945 to 1946 that surfaced in January does not contain anti-Semitic statements, according to an interview in Die Zeit with the notebook’s longtime owner, a son of one of Heidegger’s mistresses, who sold it to the archive at Marbach in March.
And far from flaunting Kentucky’s strong enrollment numbers, Democratic candidates — most notably Ms. Grimes — have remained reticent about the law, even its successes.
Iranian officials said they expected positive economic changes with the lifting of some sanctions against the country as part of a deal struck with world powers, which begins on Monday.
(Chinen) Watts Family Reunion Band (Friday through Sunday) Jeff (Tain) Watts is an intelligent steamroller of a drummer, and over the last decade he has proved himself an astute bandleader and composer besides.
But perhaps the issue isn’t just that our policymakers have overread their Fukuyama.
I was heavily into Classic Comics, my favorite being “Swiss Family Robinson.” If you had to name one book that made you who you are today, what would it be?
“Hey, a two!” the cashier exclaimed.
Before the casino opened and supplements began, employment was often sporadic.
“The toughest challenge of all these is the F.D.A.
with that, either.” Other fans, while expressing disapproval of the invocation, said that religiosity was simply the norm in Oklahoma City and that becoming upset by the invocation at Thunder games seemed a lost cause.
Every ad will have a tiny arrow in the right corner.
This evening ... we are armed with two things: first, the highly valued American education that makes us as competent and qualified as the rest of the students in the world.
“We were not involved in that,” he said.
Click on the word below to map it and hear it pronounced:
over five weekends and then a month spent traveling to various all-star camps, Team Scan’s teenage bodies were beginning to wear.
After the divorce, he earned one of those trophies for a season of indoor soccer at the park district.
Arredondo, 25, had been part of a breakaway and made his move with a little less than four kilometers (2.5 miles) remaining to ride alone up the summit finish to Rifugio Panarotta.
It’s all tied together, and the starting place hardly matters: A just and righteous system will have a positive impact on everything we care about, just as an unjust, exploitative system makes everything worse.
STARS 2, COYOTES 1 Kari Lehtonen, an Olympian for Finland, had 26 saves as Dallas edged Phoenix at home and moved into the final playoff position in the Western Conference.
The building is shoehorned into a tight corner lot at a downtown intersection, emphasizing both the structure’s 33,000-square-foot bulk and its cultural estrangement from the Victorian-style buildings around it.
It is hard to resist a tiny gold-plated pair of wings grown from pig stem cells, or a transgenic rabbit that glows green with jellyfish protein.
In her decision, Judge Beth Phillips ruled that simply speculating about unknown dangers associated with the drug was not enough to prove that it would cause “needless suffering.” But the judge also acknowledged that it had been impossible for Mr. Smulls to find out more information, saying it “weighs heavily on the court.” Mr. Smulls’s lawyers say that Missouri’s Department of Corrections procured the drug, pentobarbital, from a compounding pharmacy in Oklahoma and wanted more time for the pharmacy to be investigated.
They are each multibillion-dollar projects, and certain to raise electricity prices, but because work began before the rule was proposed, the carbon-cutting goals set by the E.P.A.
“Killer Women,” a new ABC drama, is a case in point.
Before long, the former inhabitant of a Fort Worth trailer park was being mentioned as a potential future mayor of the city.
At Mount Sinai, where he sees the gamut of Upper East Side calamities, Dr. Hausman saw a correlation between injuries and “the degree of vanity.” “I’m always amazed at how many people I see walking around in the snow with high heels or stiletto-heeled boots, instead of crampons and hiking boots,” he said.
MICHAEL LANGLOIS Miami With God on Our Side To the Sports Editor: Re “Praying for the Home Team,” Feb. 28: One’s view of the divine is small, indeed, if one believes God is particularly interested in and might be disposed to assist with a request to buy an N.B.A.
“Revenge of the Mekons,” an infectious new documentary from Joe Angio, is a celebration of that voracity.
I paint my house red.
12-158, had made an earlier appearance at the court.
The goal of providing universal, affordable Internet access is a laudatory one.
Rather than raising our children to consume in moderation — whether food, drink, drugs or screen time — we forbid them pleasures that adults take for granted.
But suppose the case were otherwise, what would it avail?
7 Mississippi (7-2, 4-2 Southeastern Conference) on Saturday night in what amounted to the first College Football Playoff knockout game.
In some cases, including on the individual parts for “Out to Lunch!,” he wrote out the unusual scales beneath the composition, as a possible basis for improvisation.
At the apartment, Paul Spillenger explained that his father kept painting but stopped showing his work.
As of mid-December, five of the apartments have been rented.
who is a now a partner at the law firm Motta, Fernandes Rocha, said the problem was a general one with Brazil’s criminal justice system, which is not rigorous when it comes to white-collar crime.
Katherine Waterston, one of the film’s stars, will receive the emerging talent award that evening, which also includes a reception.
By calling Russia’s latest aggression against Ukraine an “incursion,” as President Obama did when Russian tanks first drove in, we could be leaving Mr. Putin an easier way out.
What about 2028 or 2032?
This is significant when you’re considering life-altering preventive surgery or screenings.
A week later, we arrived at Pano Potamia, the baby asleep against Pedro’s chest.
As positive as these results are, there is no guarantee that they will hold.
I don’t own a $10 million house and a $5 million boat and a $1 million plane and not pay taxes in the state of Connecticut.
Before long, however, the Internet-savvy protesters in Kiev who support the interim government noticed that the young man who bragged about raising the Russian flag over Kharkiv was, according to the profile he linked to on the Russian social network VK, not a Ukrainian resident of the city but a Russian from Moscow.
In a long cross-examination, the N.C.A.A.
His share of the rent is $321.
The 34 dogs that accompanied the men on the trip are also named — Hercules, Painful, Swanker, Lupoid, Summer … — and each gets its own portrait, too.
That sort of privacy is a quaint relic.
“As horrific as it is to watch in real time what’s happening in Kobani,” Secretary of State John Kerry said at a news conference, “it’s also important to remember that you have to step back and understand the strategic objective and where we have begun over the course of the last weeks.” The military’s Central Command said that the United States had conducted eight more airstrikes on Wednesday — for a total of 19 in the past four days — to try to halt the advance on Kobani.
Dr. Qamar has sent more than $100,000 to the Democratic National Committee and other state-based branches of the Democratic Party around the United States, and has donated to President Obama’s presidential campaigns and groups with ties to Mr. Obama, federal records show.
To begin with, he and his colleagues came up with a great typewriter for the web.
Then, adding a dark gloss of California rocker angst, he has kept his message stunningly simple — to the point where his clothes, while clearly high in quality, have the attitude of a trendy street label.
But that rumor was quashed when another goalie, Edmonton’s Ilya Bryzgalov, was dealt to Minnesota.
You don’t hear these things about men.
Those countries, however, have their own deep-seated differences over Hamas.
Ms. Lu attributed the growing popularity of the term to its value in helping to give people a way to name something that may not be so obvious.
Local accountability mechanisms, now strengthened with international experts, are respectful of inherent social, cultural and ethnic susceptibilities, unlike the United Nations-driven process, which serves externally motivated interests and will destabilize the intricate balance of the national reconciliation process.
So then I did a lot of checking out of Tokyo instead.
What that might be is hinted at in a fragment of Mr. Beal’s original song “Blue Escape,” a ballad reminiscent of “Unchained Melody,” that he sings in a fervent folk-gospel tenor.
“The other campaigns, your opponent, the ‘ super PACs ’ — this is where they’re going first with their money.” Digital ad buyers said pre-video ad space on popular sites like YouTube, Hulu, Yahoo and top news outlets was the first content to effectively sell out.
Click it and then click Change PC Settings.
“He’s dangerous and unpredictable, and puts you and your family at risk.
On Wednesday, Mr. Goswami spoke to India Ink by phone about how it felt to bag the elusive interview and the reasons behind his tough questions.
FOR 2014, the 23rd annual breast cancer awareness campaign from the Estée Lauder Companies will have more of a focus on digital and social media, executives say, and become a year-round initiative rather than be concentrated in October, when Breast Cancer Awareness Month is marked each year.
Not only are more customers showing interest in equity loans, but more lenders are coming to market with equity products, he said.
officers began choking up with tears and requested to be transferred out of the facility if the torture continued.
With the Distronic cruise control set, the Intelligent Drive system uses its sensors to monitor cars in front, track the lines that define lanes on a highway and scan for unexpected obstacles.
If you have a computer with a DVD drive, enough hard-drive space and some video-editing software, you might be able to smooth out the original 8 mm camerawork enough so you can watch it without motion-sickness pills.
The program was bolstered in September by a $750,000 grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation that will fund 30 residencies over three years.
“I didn’t want them to say, ‘He’s a baby,’ ” said Harrow, who had sworn off Facebook, Twitter and Instagram after receiving some negative feedback concerning his backing of Lowe at N.C. State.
In Saturday’s other semifinal, third-seeded Sara Errani of Italy will play Alize Cornet of France.
“It’s just a tiny minority who would seek to cause trouble.” Korban Ismail, 26, a Uighur taxi driver, uttered almost the exact same words, but then he recalled an incident earlier in the day, when he stopped to pick up three Han women who had flagged him down.
No matter how you like your beach days, though, it’s important to remember two things: Remote beaches may not have good cell reception, so download any data you need beforehand.
GREENWICH Bruce Museum “Greenwich Collects: Wyeth, Italian Renaissance Drawings, Chinese Antiquities” and “Tales of Two Cities: New York and Beijing.” Through Aug. 31.
Outdoors ANSONIA Ansonia Nature Center Fall Discovery Hike, guided walk.
“I don’t know who these people are,” he said.
The Western drawdown comes at a time when the Afghan government is neither fiscally self-sufficient nor capable of defeating the Pakistan-backed Taliban insurgency.
Mr. Abe’s homage to Japan’s war dead, in the court of world public opinion, smacks of denial of his nation’s wartime aggression — and has been widely condemned.
The novel is a kinky beast.
Boko Haram killed more than 2,000 civilians in the first six months of 2014, carrying out an estimated 95 attacks, according to Human Rights Watch .
By the time it came down to the final two competitors, she had clinched a medal of some color.
$3 and $5; members and children, free.
For the Medici streams, he said, Carnegie pays to put on the concerts, while Medici produces and distributes the webcasts.
The London Design Festival runs September 13-21, londondesignfestival.com .
Poppies bloom amid wheat fields that were once the front line at the Marne in France during World War I.
“But we’re getting closer every day,” he said, adding that Halyard did hit its cap during the SARS outbreak.
: The trouble with this proposal is that such happenings aren’t independent of the religious ideas available in the surrounding culture.
The South Africans denied the Dalai Lama a visa.
Netflix in some ways serves as a living archive, with TV shows like “Buffy the Vampire Slayer” from the 1990s or movies like “Back to the Future” from 1985.
Those were the latest in a series of cases of young Muslim women from the West trying to join militant groups like the Nusra Front or the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL, which is waging a campaign to create a caliphate in Iraq and Syria.
“You never really know what’s going on.”
Earlier this month someone reported to the agency that the parents were using drugs.
“I see her probably twice a month,” she said.
While Twenty20 competitions proliferate below the international level, national teams do not compete often in the format.
The slight loss for the S.&P.
Requiring the largest conservancies to give a portion of their budgets to neighborhood parks, he said, would have yielded $15 million at most.
The engine delivers enough power for 0-60 times of 2.6 seconds, according to Cycle World, and Brembo dual discs up front are no less impressive Less expected to those who’ve logged some miles on Ducatis is how comfortable the seat proves to be and how agreeable the suspension is, balancing superb stability (the longish 59-inch wheelbase helps) with excellent compliance, never abusing the rider over small bumps and highway expansion strips.
When you write, do you aim first to tell stories or to teach children something?
And the bank’s capital position, overstated by the error, is crucial to its ability to raise its dividend or to conduct other activities that could benefit shareholders.
June 22 at 4 and 7 p.m. $35.
“And there’s nothing wrong with not being the kind of person who can govern an institution.” She said the changes helped set in motion an effort in tandem with outside consultants, studies and focus groups to figure out how to better integrate the museum, the academy’s school and its membership, which often barely communicated with one another.
He worked wonders with the ball, to be sure, but it was always more than that with Donovan.
“Utopia,” a fall reality series from Fox, intended to follow 15 strangers (including Jeremy, Jen, Akchtonin and Emma) for a year as, isolated from the real world, they tried to build a better society.
(Ken Johnson) Brooklyn Museum: ‘Divine Felines: Cats of Ancient Egypt’ (ongoing) If your dream of heaven is eternity spent with the pets you love, this show is for you.
“We don’t expect help from anyone,” he said.
More than 41,000 dolls were sold for about $70 apiece (the equivalent of about $152 today) in the month after Teddy’s introduction, in September 1985; in the first year sales were at 1.4 million.
Mr. Erdogan’s subsequent crackdown on the protesters drew criticism at home and abroad.
On Monday, Oak Cliff residents will wake to find four tons of decomposed gravel covering part of Bishop Street.
Investigators have also said the decision by the company that owned the ferry, Cheonghaejin Marine Company, to add more sleeping cabins probably undermined the ship’s ability to regain its balance after tilting.
A Federal District Court sided with the state, but on Saturday, the appeals panel ruled that Mr. Wood “has presented serious questions going to the merits of his claim,” according to the majority opinion, written by Judge Sidney R. Thomas.
The Bloomberg big-soda ban is officially dead.
I got on a bus that took me to a parking lot that was also not the sliding center, but was next to something just as nice.
“It just makes me want to rebel.” Ms. Williams, who earns less than $40,000 a year at a small marketing firm in Seattle, said she did not want to hand over what little discretionary money she had after rent and other living expenses to an insurance company.
“My mom let me be and let me do my own thing.
On the shelves were scores of books on animal species, and old cigar boxes full of fake eyes of various sizes and colors.
The doctor warns the Facebook founder to pipe down — or else he, too, will drop Facebook for the Chinese app.
Nadal seems increasingly uncomfortable playing hard-serving, low-ranked players, of the type who have knocked him out of Wimbledon for three years in a row.
“We’re hoping ‘Summer With Cimorelli’ has an equally long life cycle as ‘The 4 to 9ers.’ ” To help “Summer With Cimorelli” reach its target audience of teenagers and preteens, the web show will also be available on the YouTube channel of AwesomenessTV , a destination for viewers in those age brackets, along with the Cimorelli YouTube channel.
After nine months of talks, there is no sign of progress on any of these issues.
The Mets unveiled a new outfield fence on Tuesday that shortens the distances in right-center field, a move precipitated by the team’s examination of balls hit at Citi Field last season.
Mikael Greenlief and Caleb Smith joined Giant Spoon as senior strategists.
The second match is scheduled for Saturday in Foxborough, Mass.
An older woman in white plastic sandals lay dead on the sidewalk covered by a military blanket, her arms outstretched and her walking stick beside her.
“Of course, she started something with that, but this couldn’t be more different in terms of the record,” he said.
That’s a case fatality rate of 64 percent, somewhat lower than the worst of previous outbreaks but high enough to remind us that Ebola is more inimical to humans than perhaps any known virus on Earth, except rabies and HIV-1.
That day, Lil Wayne released only a “P.S.A.” announcing the album would be split in two, with the first part due on Tuesday.
Pick one up to enjoy on your Friday evening!
When asked who coined the name, Mr. Deleskiewicz said, simply, “the product itself” — the implication being that the Reverso and other revered watch models emerged from their makers with their marketing messages wholly intact, like tiny, ticking Aphrodites.
Its economic stagnation is vividly illustrated by a comparison to Asian economies.
“Partly what is going on here is the decline of the committees,” said Representative David Price, a North Carolina Democrat and a former political science professor.
On Wednesday, he went further, using the language of racial coding.
“He loved discovering talent,” Mr. Cavaco said.
Elizabeth Garber, the owner of Best Chocolate in Town, a shop in Mass Ave, a neighborhood situated around one of the city’s first streets, told a similar story.
Like those shows, “Space Dandy” is both tribute and parody, with the primary target this time appearing to be space opera heroics in the Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon vein, as well as later elaborations like Buckaroo Banzai and even Buzz Lightyear.
The fish has two sensing systems.
When hoses were trained on the smoldering ruins, many of the still-hot basalt sculptures exploded.
“We were feeling pretty safe before,” said Ma’ayan Barkai, 34, director of Kibbutz Be’eri, where one tunnel was found over the weekend.
By Wednesday night, residents were reporting that the militants had advanced miles more, coming within sight of the Turkish border.
It was granted, and she had the surgery.
According to Wyoming state records , Sophidea’s director is Mark Chen, with no associated contact information.
He was my high school sweetheart and best friend, but living together was wearing me out.
Since the early 1980s, the Dubai artist Hassan Sharif has been making small, rough look-alike sculptures from scrap materials — cardboard scraps, bits of colored plastic, discarded flip-flops — and displaying them like goods in a market devoted to useless things.
Liberia’s foreign minister, Augustine Kpehe Ngafuan, said the infection rate would rise for the next few weeks before Liberia could finally stop the outbreak from spreading.
His father was an unsuccessful ladies’ hat salesman.
He discusses a getaway that doesn’t quite go the way his protagonist would have hoped.
— How do you treat the end of one year and the start of another?
To dismiss it now while admitting that justice eluded us in 1994 is foolhardy.
“I absolutely salute him for coming in and saying something today,” Collins said.
They had no walls and had to adjust the position of their camp very few hours to stay out of the sun.
She has been battered by $10 million in negative ads against her, most of it underwritten by the Koch brothers-backed group Americans for Prosperity.
“I think this will be bigger.”
Flatness of characterization seemed to me a problem to be solved, since it was true then, as it is now, that I have to feel I am being fair to my characters at very least — not giving them faults or limitations that would make them my helpless victims, the easy objects of my praise or blame.
The neighborhood is named for a 300-acre park a short walk from this house, about 120 acres of which are covered in old-growth forest containing Douglas fir, hemlock, madrona and Alaskan cedar.
The elderly man, 73, was hit by a private tour bus at about 8:25 p.m. as he tried to cross Broadway at West 96th Street, the police said.
“Wintering in the pack may be a thrilling thing to read about alongside a warm fire,” De Long wrote, “but the actual thing is sufficient to make any man prematurely old.” Bell’s telephones and Edison’s arc lights failed; but the food held up, and one hopes they drank the Bud.
A citizen of Kyrgyzstan who federal prosecutors said bought dinner for the two brothers accused of the Boston Marathon bombing on the night of the attack was charged Friday with obstructing the investigation into the bombing.
One-block-long streets are, and have always been, the manifestation of a theory that seems almost heretical for New York City: Bigger is not better, smaller is.
These include defining her candidacy and possible presidency.
For all the acclaim that their cooking has received, there’s something about the brash, V.I.P.-pleasing nature of the Major Food juggernaut that makes some people bristle — especially online commenters who snipe about everything from the high prices at Carbone (where veal Parmesan costs $54) and ZZ’s Clam Bar (where a single plate of carpaccio with sea urchin and caviar goes for $105) to the imposingly large gentleman who can be found standing sentinel outside ZZ’s with a clipboard.
This season’s accolade went to Breno Cintra Pugliesi, a Brazilian-born shoemaker who called his collection of inventive footwear “Augmented Reality and New Perceptions.” Using technology to develop shoes that are in symmetry with the natural foot, the designer offered something new, maybe even revolutionary, in footwear.
Magazine industry consultant John Harrington estimated in an August profile of Mr. Cagle that People brought in $1.49 billion in 2013.
has had with domestic violence, he did acknowledge recent instances.
On July 27, the committee voted 27 to 11 to impeach the president, with all the Democrats and six Republicans, including Mr. Cohen, in the majority.
There’s an appetite to shop with us.” An insatiable appetite, industry professionals say.
Los Angeles has a river (sort of).
She mashed up a range of examples — Britain’s floods, Australia’s heat, the typhoon disaster in the Philippines, the “polar vortex” — when only heat wave trends are strongly tied to greenhouse-driven warming.
knew about the ignition problem even before the first Cobalts and other affected vehicles went on sale a decade ago.
So eager, in fact, that he said had done some investigating and discovered that two more special Continental Mark IIs were built for family members: one for his Aunt Josephine and one for his father’s mother, Eleanor Ford.
Officials here once boasted of Russia’s ability to spend so lavishly, but of late they have embraced Mr. Putin’s more frugal tone, and have sought to defend the outlays by redefining what constitutes spending on the Olympics.
“I just think the body has its own nature,” the sweet but ditsy Teri says, “and you can’t fight that nature.” This idea does not sit entirely comfortably with Chris, who seems both excited at the prospect of the evening ahead — his eyes begin to glow a bit when Teri starts massaging his wife’s neck (she hyperextended it during Pilates) — and nail-bitingly nervous.
“We wanted to feel confident that what the poets were doing visually came across in the e-readers before we made this transfer,” said Christopher Richards, an assistant editor at Farrar.
“There are some very real tensions that are going to surface at this conference.” But she said there was also hostility in Congress over her speaking at the conference.
Its goal there is to stop the transport of foreign fighters who have long used Turkey’s porous borders to join the militant group’s front lines.
“And while the goal was always to stabilize the economy, and not to make a profit, it is important to recognize the return we have earned for taxpayers.” The government actions, initially seen as necessary in Washington and on Wall Street to prevent a collapse of the economy on the order of the Great Depression , agitated the political world, helping give rise to the Tea Party movement on the right and the Occupy Wall Street movement on the left.
Some challenges may prove easier than others.
$8 per day; children under 12, free.
“Because a watch is nothing else, it’s an instrument of measurement.” It was the clean aesthetic of the manometer and tachometer — single-handed devices used to measure pressure and speed — that served as the basis for MeisterSinger’s designs.
China has stockpiled large amounts of oil in recent weeks, making a global shortage less likely.
That is the second-highest reading since January 2008, just after the recession began.
Being private, Dell does not have to disclose much about sales and profits, but there are indications that Dell is getting the cash from PCs to finance its transformation.
◆ ◆ ◆ By Daniel Mendelsohn I set out to write an “anti-closure” search narrative, in which I foregrounded what I hadn’t learned, hadn’t found out.
The pale mint will pair perfectly with sharp black and white.
The fact that two independent studies pinpointed these genes lends support to their importance, said Sriram Sankararaman of Harvard Medical School, a co-author on the Nature paper.
A free agent at the end of the season, Jernigan was a 2011 third-round draft choice for the Giants who has never produced as the team expected.
Stated more simply: Is the confrontation a Ukraine problem or a Russia problem?
“Mott Hall Bridges Academy is proving that any school — no matter its ZIP code — can deliver a great education for its students,” Ms. Farina said.
She is an operatic soprano who made her Metropolitan Opera debut in New York on Thursday evening as Cio-Cio-San in Puccini’s “Madama Butterfly.” Last year, she performed the role at the Lyric Opera in Chicago, and the title role in Puccini’s “Tosca” at the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden in London.
Its delightful broth consisted of a homogeneous blend of tomatoes, white wine, butter and garlic.
It also lets players leave messages for one another in glowing marks on the floor.
There had been a Queen of Memphis competition in the afternoon; and one later “battle” event was between two teams each with four men and one woman.
“I may be wrong, but on the other hand I am looking at it from a different angle and I think the odds are in my favor.
DealBook » Surviving the Silicon Valley Gold Rush | “Starting a company has become the way for ambitious young people to do something that seems simultaneously careerist and heroic,” Gideon Lewis-Kraus writes in Wired.
Here, the arms swelled and swirled around the body like windmills.
Real Madrid spoiled rival Atlético Madrid’s short honeymoon as the Spanish league leader by winning a Copa del Rey semifinal first leg, 3-0.
Initial projections had suggested that 12,000 to 15,000 people would ride to the game.
Exhaust driven turbines can also drive a generator that provides electricity for accessories, batteries and powertrain motors, and turbocompound engines use turbine power directly, coupling it to the vehicle’s drivetrain to help turn the drive wheels.
Corinthian would have been downgraded at least a year ago if it had been subjected to a sophisticated credit analysis, he added.
“We’re very aware of the kind of compromises we’re having to make,” said Christopher Stokes, general director of the organization’s Belgium office, which oversees the Ebola response.
Yet I’ve been convinced by the evidence that prediction markets can be even more accurate.
But that was as “old fashioned” as Mr. Marras went.
On the one hand, John McCain is a complex man who has sacrificed for his country with bravery, real values, honor and stubborn persistence to try and do the right thing.
I also wondered, as I watched Dettinger run off to solve yet another problem on the line, if Harley would have been able to turn it around without experienced union workers.
Economists had expected retail sales to hold steady.
“The salon where I worked was doing just fine — I don’t see why they needed to do this,” he said.
“It’s a wonderful opportunity to bring visibility to the dance in a venue” — the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life — “that most might not expect it to be.
For France, this could mean suspending a contract to sell helicopter carriers to Russia.
In their place, officials quickly scheduled two frenetic days of presidential activity: meetings, phone calls, statements to the press.
But if the answer is no, then am I a hypocrite for paying someone else to do my “dirty work”?
Thomas Arria, the new principal, was just as blunt.
Price controls have gained some popular support here.
­I ordered a bagel with lox ($18), eggs Benedict ($14) and a large pot of coffee ($12), which room service delivered in a prompt 20 minutes.
The two parties to the negotiations should be the state of Israel and the state of Palestine, represented by the Palestine Liberation Organization (as at Oslo, but with a new equity of statehood).
The fund’s recent turnover ratio was 50 percent, versus nearly 140 percent for the average technology fund tracked by Morningstar.
But as someone who has studied the Holocaust and other genocides for nearly 13 years, I can say that I understand the impulse to commit genocide even less now than I did before I began my studies.
Flextronics, he says, is also a customer.
The astronaut John M. Grunsfeld called “Car Talk” in 1997 from the Russian space station Mir, not from the International Space Station.
A spokeswoman for B’Tselem said Thursday that the military advocate general’s office told the group that it was carrying out additional inquiries.
He said he was using that deal, which includes central blood and imaging labs, generic drugs and mail-in prescriptions, as a model.
“Senator Cochran told me the first day, ‘You tell me what Mississippi needs, and I’ll try to get it.’ ” Here in North Mississippi, Ms. Caldwell and other officials say that the funding Mr. Cochran helped secure for them has allowed DeSoto County to manage and promote its dizzying growth.
As local retailers adopt such mobile innovations, customers will be able to search stores’ inventories, purchase goods for same-day delivery, and navigate and search for help and reviews inside a crowded store.
That morning in Thimphu’s Clock Tower Square, the central gathering place in the city’s downtown, builders briskly assembled a stage for the presentation of medals.
I just didn’t have a natural path to get back to the work force.”
The other factor is the shortage of drugs used for execution because, under pressure from European activists, pharmaceutical firms stopped selling them to death penalty states.
There is no Lily at Miss Lily’s 7A, a hyper-stylized Jamaican restaurant that opened by Tompkins Square Park last month, namesake of a place on Houston Street.
It was a small but irritating assumption.
First, he made clear to the Soviets, without explicitly saying so, that Finland would defend its independence, as it had done in repelling two Soviet attacks in 1939 and 1944.
The Aatsinki brothers don’t say much, but their grunting, snuffling animals, as well as the roar of their snowmobiles, could not speak more eloquently to a people frozen between tradition and modernity.
The similarity is haunting and utterly unexpected.
NATIONAL Because of an editing error, an article on Dec. 24 about a House race in Florida to succeed Representative C. W. Bill Young described incorrectly a decision by one Democratic candidate, Alex Sink, to move into the congressional district.
(973) 980-1809 ; lsonj.org .
• The governor of Arizona has to decide whether to veto a bill that would allow businesses to refuse service to gay people.
She hasn’t changed; her successors have — but so has the celebrity culture.
The bride, 31, is a pediatric dentist and an associate at Thousand Oaks Children’s Dental Group in Thousand Oaks, Calif. She graduated from Colgate and received a Doctor of Dental Medicine degree from Harvard.
Ms. Lipinski said she was particularly excited to see what Jennifer Lawrence would wear.
Removing the wireless exemption from some net neutrality rules would be a change in the commission’s stance since May, when the regulator laid out a set of proposed rules called “Protecting and Promoting the Open Internet.” In that draft, the newly proposed rules would subject wired Internet service providers to “commercially reasonable practices” of network management.
“It dovetails with the problem of false convictions,” he said.
In other words, the entertainment industry is moving too fast for the researchers to keep up.
Dr. Skorton, a practicing cardiologist who heads Cornell University, said he plans to assume the job of secretary of the Smithsonian, overseeing its 19 museums and galleries, the National Zoological Park and nine research centers on July 1, 2015.
Polaris has smartly avoided that fate, devising a roadster that is attention-getting, responsive on the road and thoroughly entertaining.
After Travis d’Arnaud laid down a bunt that moved Duda to second base, Bobby Abreu lined out to left field.
He reached the green on his next shot but three-putted from 18 feet for a double bogey.
Obviously the foregoing is not the end of the argument: There are many talented philosophers who have spent their careers trying to iron out this particular kink in the eliminative-materialist fabric, or explaining why it’s not actually a major kink at all, and there’s no reason why you should take a newspaper columnist’s side against their formidable qualifications.
“It’s always nice to win, but it’s a team effort,” Halak said after a 3-2 overtime home triumph over the Senators on Tuesday.
Del Harvey, Twitter’s vice president for trust and safety, said in a statement that the site had suspended the accounts of the people who attacked Ms. Williams.
When I caught an olive as it fell from a tree and crushed it between my fingers, it stained my skin a brilliant red I couldn’t scrub away.
The proposed Park Avenue Historic District, running from 79th to 96th Street, breaks new ground in landmarks preservation.
At times I found myself wishing that Ms. Parson and Mr. Lazar would share their jokes, that they would offer something more (a plot?
I envy his ability to be that way.
deposed Mr. Villhauer and Chandler Bocklage, a trader at SAC who at one time worked closely with Mr. Cohen.
The 2008 movie adaptation , with Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan, managed to bury much of that in adolescent humor and slapstick — surprising, because it was directed, like the stage version, by Phyllida Lloyd.
My backyard soil is so rocky that I often need a pickax to dig a hole, yet chipmunks and moles burrow through with apparent ease.
So the worse you are, perhaps the funnier it would be.” You play the character with a deliberately silly Southern accent.
Mr. Gurlitt initially said he would not “voluntarily give back anything,” but his lawyers later said he would be more cooperative.
He said the Fed could also consider altering the structure of its deliberations.
Instead, we need to change the desires of potential antiquities buyers.
That may reflect the complicated politics of the issue.
“It just killed us, really,” Gonzalez said.
One way would be to find a viable cell in a well-preserved carcass and turn it into a clone.
Shorefront Park, Smith Street and South Ocean Avenue.
Whatever other talents this car possesses, its personality is defined by its straight-line performance.
That’s the great thing about template cooking and just being confident in general in the kitchen.
Each branch, department and agency that falls under the direction of the federal government has an unwritten standard for what is acceptable work attire, and even if it is not stylish, it needs to follow regulations.
“But with martial arts, you think quite violent, while this is just the beauty of sailing through the air, making perfect contact with the ball with a foot and then landing on the wrists and springing back up and doing it again.” A first look can indeed be jaw-dropping.
Here is an edited and condensed version of our conversation.
The results on Thursday may have emboldened the healthiest banks to seek larger dividend increases and more aggressive share buybacks.
In January, he redirected $210 million that had been set aside for charter school construction.
They are now in a top level, and now starting to play excellent.
On Sunday, the White House said that it would ensure that the Syrian government complied with an accord to give up its chemical arsenal despite missed deadlines and delays in carrying out the deal.
He tells stories about me as a manager to make everybody laugh.
“We’re in charge of marriages; that goes back to the founding of the state,” said Scott McDonell, the clerk of Dane County, including Madison, who has granted licenses to more than 150 same-sex couples.
(J. Peterman carries on that tradition.)
Noting that the United States had not destroyed Al Qaeda, Mr. Netanyahu warned that if Hamas resumes its attacks, “we’ll hit them seven times harder.” Mr. Haniya, whose home in Gaza City’s Beach refugee camp was among the thousands hit by Israeli airstrikes — and whose young niece was among nearly 500 Palestinian children killed — did not mention the terms of the Egyptian-brokered cease-fire, or the role that President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority might play in running or rebuilding Gaza.
Without being able to compare the results of Ms. Romero’s treatment with those of other Ebola patients, “we cannot say what cured Teresa,” said Dr. Marta Arsuaga, part of the team that treated her, during a televised news conference Wednesday.
Mario Draghi, above, the president of the bank, may signal that it is moving closer to large-scale asset purchases as a way to revive the faltering eurozone economy.
The case became a national symbol of police brutality.
Nigeria’s economy grew by 6.7 percent in 2012.
The clashes came after a week in which the beleaguered pro-democracy movement lost its street camp in the Mong Kok neighborhood , one of three such camps that demonstrators have held since Sept. 28.
Adam LaRoche had three hits and drove in a run off Henderson Alvarez (0-2).
Frank Gehry’s Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is a splendid building, but I think that the Walt Disney Concert Hall will be his great legacy, in part because Gehry knows and understands Los Angeles better than Bilbao.
Fridays and Saturdays, 1 to 7 p.m.; Sundays, Mondays and Thursdays, 1 to 5:30 p.m. Lawrence Fine Art, 37 Newtown Lane.
When I’d finished, Belin decided that some math comic books would be a good idea, too.
sports equality, to help Gordon in the days leading up to his public announcement.
NOAM SCHIMMEL Montreal, Nov. 21, 2014 The writer is a fellow at the Center for Human Rights and Legal Pluralism, McGill University Faculty of Law.
But while we’re competing, your tips get inside my head and throw me off stride.” No one could reasonably take offense at that.
The other was Fernando Valenzuela for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1981.
U.S. Steel was the first billion-dollar corporation when it was created in 1901 by J. P. Morgan.
The work inspired researchers in other fields, including anthropology and political science.
“Unfortunately, you see this random violence, gun violence,” said the Queens district attorney, Richard A.
Submersion creates the space to be free, to stretch, without having to contend with constant external chatter.
Friday at 8 p.m., Sunday at 3 p.m., Matthew Theater, McCarter Theater Center for the Performing Art, 91 University Place, Princeton, N.J., 609-759-0379, princetonfestival.org; $30 to $140.
“It’s still a family sport, and we do have to be careful with what music we use,” said Jason Dungjen, coach of the United States team.
We get people on our site for so many different reasons.
The trial and execution of the anarchists Sacco and Vanzetti, a scandalous cause célèbre during the 1920s, is the subject of the latest work from Joseph Silovsky, who creates theater mixing robotics, puppetry and video.
“Only he knows why.” So far, Sterling has not signed anything to show he agrees to the team’s sale to Steve Ballmer, the former Microsoft executive who is paying a record price for an N.B.A.
Police are trying to determine a motive.
Mr. Yarosh said Right Sector helped move the weapons to the capital in late February.
Soon, word spread to the kitchen, and cooks and dishwashers began excitedly peeking out, smiling and waving and calling out “Bienvenidos!” Though they have made more than 50 albums and sold millions of records in their 45 years together, Los Tigres are all but invisible to mainstream English-speaking America.
Ashok Malik, a popular Indian columnist who has written extensively about Mr. Modi, called it “scaremongering.” When B.J.P.
In the column that led to his dismissal, he said that too many gun owners believed that the constitution prohibits any regulation of firearms.
15 on the Forbes list of Russia’s richest men, has clearly changed.
“ ‘Pretty soon you’ll be secretary of the United Nations.
It is used to pay for coaches, ice time and travel.
Nico Rosberg is tops in points, but Lewis Hamilton isn’t far behind.
Taken as a whole , these studies reveal that ecosystems do more for us than Dr. Costanza and his colleagues could appreciate in 1997.
Both the senior and second lien debt is trading at less than par, despite otherwise attractive interest rates, but the shares are trading in the high teens.
With issues like that on the table, the twilight struggle of Hong Kong’s democrats may be the least of Ms. Rice’s worries.
His error tally has been high, though — 16 two years ago and 12 last year.
It’s something that I’ve learned to accept.
Levity Live, 4210 Palisades Center Drive.
“The Fairytale Lives of Russian Girls” takes place in a similar kind of dreamland.
But that is exactly where inmates were injured in 73 percent of the violent encounters with officers.
However, until a new generation of drugs is developed, protecting existing antibiotics must be a national priority.
At the Greek Village, Mr. Arimblias estimates that he knows the names of more than half of his clients, and the faces of more than 70 percent of them.
Kvitova, a 24-year-old from the Czech Republic, moves on to play unseeded Peng Shuai in the fourth round.
“But also a lot of creative types.” Colony 1209 might convert to condo at some point in the near future, given the warm reception the project has had in Bushwick, Mr. Schwartz said.
hospital to see private doctors.
Soon after, according to Yad Vashem’s citation, also awarded posthumously to Mr. Zanoli’s mother, Jans, Mr. Zanoli traveled to Amsterdam to get Elchanan Pinto, 11, an Orthodox Jewish boy whose parents and siblings would all die in the death camps.
may be more enlightened than most pro leagues when it comes to diversity.
But that might be cold comfort: It is a sad state of affairs if one of the most vibrant, explosive and creative parts of the economy — and one of the few that is minting millionaires — seems more like a walled garden than a public park.
“There is no doubt we are in a box, in a tough position here.” The must-pass spending legislation is the first major test for the speaker and his new leadership team, who despite increasing their majority in the House on Election Day still need to show that they can break the gridlock that has defined Washington for the past few years — and, more important, keep their most conservative members in check.
Richard M. Nixon was awkward on the course, and a cheat.
But over time, because of Mr. Martoma’s persistence and desire to become friends with him, he routinely gave details about a clinical trial he was not supposed to share.
“The Snowden​ disclosures amounted to an earthquake for the tech sector,” Mr. Smith, Microsoft’s general counsel, said in an interview on Thursday.
was privately certain that Jenkins had been “framed” by the Republicans.
The crocus, wee harbinger of spring, grows flush to the ground.
A man who had made a career of rescuing people — from the World Trade Center after the Sept. 11 attacks, to the floods of Hurricane Sandy, and most recently from the clutches of a metal gate that had trapped a child — could not be saved.
The United States government cannot direct private companies to invest.
The Nepali works 12 hours a day, often seven days a week, and said it would take two years to finish repaying the loan.
Giffey said his decision to stay was not a business decision and had nothing to do with playing time.
And the doctor, she told investigators, said he had to “get enough money out of this to go buy a new jacket.” Minutes later, officials formally called off the execution, but Mr. Lockett’s heart soon stopped anyway and no efforts were made to resuscitate him.
Many worker advocates want to see the tip wage abolished, asserting that some waiters are too scared to ask their boss to make up the difference when their tips do not raise them to the minimum wage.
It just felt like home.
Many others believe that Republicans are not going to budge.
He had most recently been the global executive creative director on the Samsung account at Leo Burnett, Chicago, part of the Publicis Groupe.
She graduated cum laude from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and received an M.B.A. from Babson College.
I don’t understand why he doesn’t care about me.
First and foremost, people need to understand W.H.O.
You tiao, strips of deep-fried dough typically eaten for breakfast, could be good if the kitchen worked out the timing; mine were stale within moments of arrival.
After Germany passed rules that permitted publishers to charge aggregating sites when their articles appeared online, Google removed many German organizations from its news product, which led to a drastic fall in online traffic to some newspapers’ sites.
He had never sat in a classroom or at a lunch table with white people.
A separate judge charged Ms. Cho Cho Nwe and the clerk with graft.
Mr. Cook said Apple did not form the category based on expectations and acknowledged that he was lumping the watch in with other products for competitive purposes.
(Mr. Dylan may release an album of songs recorded by Mr. Sinatra in 2015.)
You might say Ms. Pastore looked askance.
An emergency aid package for the beleaguered Ukrainian government has become entangled in a partisan dispute over the International Monetary Fund, with House Republicans resisting President Obama’s personal pleas to extend the reach of a Ukraine rescue plan by including long-sought changes to the fund’s structure.
Mr. Christie’s directive on Monday was an attempt to work around a 1992 federal law that bans states from sanctioning or licensing sports betting.
When we headed back to the car for our trip to Mr. Flint’s hunting grounds around the village of Lenox Dale, I was so bedazzled by glass that I was about to sit down with shards in my front pockets.
But the brand still thrives under the pen of Bemelmans’s grandson, John Bemelmans Marciano.
My job, my only job, was to lie in bed and gestate.
“The truth is everything we’ve said and all our energy has allowed this to spread from a student movement to a movement of all the people.” In a written statement issued Monday evening, Mr. Ma said, “the students’ decision to leave the chambers, to let the legislature return to normal operations and deliberation of laws, this is something the vast majority of citizens look forward too.” The protesters’ decision to end their sit-in comes a day after the legislature’s speaker, Wang Jin-pyng, visited the occupied chamber and offered a key concession.
Some complaints about the vehicle spontaneously switching to neutral have already been filed to the website of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
South Sudanese rebels and government soldiers clashed in the northern town of Nasir on Sunday, adding to fears that a shaky cease-fire agreement signed in May could collapse.
Later analysis showed that caregivers’ levels of DHEA-S, a hormone that protects against the harmful effects of other stress hormones, were significantly higher on days after their relatives attended an adult day program .
(Cotter) ★ Frick Collection: ‘Renaissance and Baroque Bronzes From the Hill Collection’ (closes on Sunday) This sensational, beautifully presented show of 33 late-15th- to early-18th-century bronzes reflects a taste for historically important, big-statement examples in exceptional condition.
But in the meantime, the greatest hope for poorer Americans would be a stronger economic recovery that brought the unemployment rate down from its current level of 7 percent and drew more people into the work force.
“That got everyone’s attention in Marshall,” said Bill Dryer, a former high school football assistant who has remained friends with Gase.
Mr. Carter, 89, who has embraced a multitude of causes, both domestically and overseas, since leaving the White House more than three decades ago, said that America was “still falling short” on race relations despite a half-century of civil rights advances.
But Ms. Clark has taken care to surround herself with certain key treasures, among them Royal Doulton figurines, a glass Madonna that’s one of a small collection — “They’re so tender, aren’t they?”— a portrait of her commissioned by the Clark children and a sampling of plaques and citations, notably the 2000 Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America, a bust of Edgar Allan Poe.
On a recent weekday, Ahlem Saifi caught a 5 a.m. Métro to get to her job as a passengers’ assistant at Orly Airport, where she often works 44 hours a week — well over France’s official 35-hour workweek.
In a debate, she defended her refusal to answer by saying it was “a matter of principle,” citing the constitutional right to a secret ballot.
I will abide by the law.” He accused his adversaries of trying to hold an unlawful cabinet meeting, representing a “serious act of treason,” and insisted that he would remain in office to ensure a smooth transfer of power.
The executive did not want to be identified while commenting on potential competitors.
Results are expected by late December.
But the Toyota does offer a kind of reluctant obedience that many parents can only dream of getting from their high-maintenance subunits.
“So, you just go ahead and do it.”
“If this rule had been allowed to stand, small-business owners such as ranchers, farmers, manufacturers, restaurant owners and others would have seen more paperwork, more oversight and fines,” the group said in a statement.
But the fund is said to have recently told investors that the capital return would probably be delayed until the end of the year and the money given back would be reduced, CNBC reports, citing an unidentified person familiar with the situation.
Whatever it is, he’ll finally reach out and Bravo will make it his business to be there for him.
More than 80 percent remained in stable housing after two years ( pdf ).
Karegnondi Water Authority, Michigan, $220.5 million of water supply system bonds.
The opposition Labour Party opposes that idea because 41 of its lawmakers were elected from Scotland.
“I’m not stuck in a factory, you don’t have a boss.” City laws govern where the performers can work and what they are allowed to do — there is a fuzzy line between collecting donations legally and aggressively panhandling, which is illegal.
Police do not believe the shooting is random.
She said that the organization had expressed its concerns in 2011 during a public comment period on the standards.
To her, Ligeti made clear, that music was verboten.
In an essay titled “Confessions of a Recovering Environmentalist,” Kingsnorth wrote that after Twyford Down, he “vowed, self-importantly, that this would be my life’s work: Saving nature from people.
(“We love those guys,” said Jane Rosenthal, who founded Tribeca with Mr. De Niro.
I had come here to write about him, but the most gripping part of the ceremony came when President Obama introduced the daughter of James Chaney, the brother of Andrew Goodman and the widow of Michael Schwerner.
So good, even, that his presence at camp, coupled with his performance thus far, has prompted chatter about another race.
“The fundamental premise of that case, as has been cited a number of times, is that student-athletes should not be paid,” said Donald Remy, the N.C.A.A.’s chief legal officer.
The Obama administration has done a laudable job in supporting Tunisia’s transition to democracy by refocusing American aid from military assistance to increasing economic opportunity among Tunisia’s youthful population; nearly 40 percent are under 24.
She faces formidable and well-financed opposition.
Three months after her encounter with the painting, she changed her practice, accepting a teaching position at the University of Virginia’s School of Nursing, where she is now using positive psychology in health care teams.
She said the story hit a little too close to home, and “could have been my story.” The bill Ms. Davis was fighting to block required doctors who perform abortion to obtain admitting privileges at nearby hospitals, and mandated that clinics upgrade facilities to hospital-level operating standards.
The next station was DeKalb Avenue, which was the last station in Brooklyn.
The eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter, as Germany and Italy contracted and France did not grow.
There, the manager, Sean Clark greeted him warmly and began making suggestions, like gilded pewter rhinoceroses and white plaster chimpanzees.
No one runs faster than defensive back Aaron Williams, but if he misses an interception, she purses her lips.
An unusual assortment of trade groups opposes the regulations, including the National Association of Music Makers, the Art and Antiques Dealers League of America and the National Rifle Association.
The bride, 28, and the groom, 30, met at Harvard, from which they received postgraduate degrees, she an M.B.A., he a Ph.D. in biostatistics.
The parade remains a colorful but poignant reminder of the painful past.
“There were no complications there whatsoever, no tensions, no fears.” He won 51 bouts, 35 by knockouts, while losing only five.
Elena Radionova of Russia (198.74) was second, and the American Ashley Wagner was third (189.50).
“In my last trip to the Valley, the best minds were talking about the same issue: Is the coming contest between platforms and publishing companies an existential threat to journalism?
One person was wounded in an accidental shooting in Lyon County, Kan. , early Sunday.
“Fancy This: The Gilded Age of Fashion.” Through Oct. 19.
At that point, a great many Stanford grads were lured to technology by the fortunes that could be made investing in dot-com start-ups.
His long and illustrious career ended in 2011.
Ms. Moss said she could do purposeful planning only with clients who have more than $25 million because of the cost and time involved.
Savory poppy-seed hamantaschen with onions, also featured in the book, are next on my list: “ In a Nutshell: Cooking and Baking With Nuts and Seeds” by Cara Tannenbaum and Andrea Tutunjian ( W. W. Norton , $29.95).
She was previously president of the University of Pennsylvania, the first woman to lead an Ivy League institution.
It’s the most important character in “The Hot Zone.” It’s the nonhuman other that all human beings are contending with in many different ways.
The Saints did, too, even if they tried changing their mojo by staying at a different hotel — in suburban Bellevue, not downtown Seattle — for this trip.
Video to follow when edited.
But the relationship, assuming the report is correct, suggests the continuance of a rather complicated love life for Mr. Hollande, 59, one that at times has directly intersected with his public roles and has amounted to a new challenge to the French presumption that the private lives of public figures are no one’s business.
Women on Web will open a new case only if a woman is less than nine weeks pregnant, to ensure time for delivery of the medication before the end of the first trimester.
Scenes from the Paris Couture Week photo diary of Alfredo Piola .
The strike was reported to be the 10th such attack since Pakistan began an operation in North Waziristan in June to crack down on militants.
In this airtight world, with eerie music by Iannis Xenakis, Mr. Taylor choreographs heat.
They are a fate we long ago came to accept.
When the authorities stormed the squares on Aug. 14, killing hundreds of protesters, the Brotherhood faced its greatest organizational crisis, the members said.
YONKERS Saunders Trades and Technical High School The Yonkers Philharmonic Orchestra, classical.
He fought the new standards initially but had a change of heart after inviting people into his barns to see conditions there first hand.
That means it’s harder for the rate of job creation to keep up with the rate of job destruction, because a given amount of economic growth isn’t bringing as many jobs.
Glass enclosures, where people can get away to hold meetings or perform work requiring high concentration, offer another way to deal with noise, Ms. Hoskins said, and they allow people to maintain a visual connection with their colleagues.
Consumers of one Illinois plan will see their deductible increase by $4,800.
It reminded her of geraniums.
play against the Vikings, who have allowed an average of 70 yards and 3 touchdowns to opposing WR1 receivers this season (10.4 F.P.P.G.).
They are distinct from the local Buddhists both by darker skin and by their Islamic faith.
She met with the inmate and asked psychiatrists to evaluate him.
What I did invent was the notion that a liquidity trap is essentially a credibility problem – that the proposition that an increase in the money supply will necessarily lead over time to an equal proportional rise in prices only applies if people believe that the money expansion will be permanent.
The Saturday practice session runs from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m., with the qualifying session from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m.
The latest campaign gimmick among conservative lawmakers is free gun giveaways.
So these disparities cannot go unaddressed and uncorrected.
Tanaka’s mother listened as the coach praised her son, and the family decided baseball might be a good way for Masahiro to make friends.
One announcer called him a “horse of a lifetime,” and what made his victory more remarkable was that his dam, Urban Sea, had won the 1993 Arc.
In nearby Mantua, an impoverished neighborhood selected for special federal assistance as one of five national “Promise Zones,” Drexel is also helping to renovate a community center that will offer services including education, legal, financial and housing advice for local residents.
Hampton Theater Company, Quogue Community Hall, 126 Jessup Avenue.
A primary focus of their alliance had been a struggle to preserve the Jewish identity of the neighborhood they delivered for Mr. Koch all those years ago.
It’s a common enough dream for those who live in cramped urban spaces: Suddenly you notice a door you never realized was there and beyond it a room you didn’t know you had — or maybe an entire wing of your home, just waiting to be occupied.
Just last week, Mashudur Choudhury, 31, of Portsmouth, was convicted of engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts after he returned to Britain from Syria in late October.
Her most engaging partner, however, is a little boy, a stick-figure animation that she appears to draw with a big pencil.
They may have been having a real fight, but they may also simply have been playing their respective political roles.
“I’ve come to believe in bringing some kind of solace and vibration to the world,” she explained in a conversation a few days earlier.
But one specific account rose to prominence in the plaintiffs’ opening arguments: the so-called Beirut account, opened by Osama Hamdan at a Lebanon branch of Arab Bank in 1998.
Prize money for first-round losers at the Australian Open has increased 44.2 percent in two years, from $20,800 in 2012 to $30,000 this year, part of a wider trend of increasing money for players who exit in earlier rounds.
We must have meaningful change at both the district attorney’s office and the New York Police Department.
But legislators across the political spectrum never gave up on their country’s future, taking more than two years to hammer out every article of the new constitution until nearly everyone could back it.
( Edmunds ) ■ Nissan announced last week that it would introduce its redesigned 2015 Murano crossover at the New York auto show in April.
Zinfandel nowadays is most often a big, potent wine with the sort of forceful personality that practically requires consumers to take a stand.
Mr. Udall also faulted the administration for keeping some of those responsible for the program in leadership positions.
GREENWICH Bruce Museum “Closer: The Graphic Art of Chuck Close.” Through Jan. 26.
Beats headphones, already a fashion statement for many, could be a big hit as wearable technology, coupled with useful and enjoyable data streams.
THE Department of Environmental Conservation is proposing to kill New York State’s entire population of free-ranging mute swans, those graceful white water birds long treasured as symbols of romance and fidelity.
Theater Three, 412 Main Street.
Now it’s like, why even lie?” Anastasia is lighthearted by nature, a trait that has buoyed her years behind the glass, and though she is quick to say she is miserable, she sees a bright side.
Their minds quickly whitewashed their own untrustworthy actions.
Shanahan told Manziel when to go, and Manziel caught a short pass from Hoyer and sprinted for 39 yards.
in his right knee while celebrating, and he will miss the rest of the season, Bears General Manager Phil Emery said.
“He is one of the more valuable guys we have.
Mr. Tower first ran for Senate in 1960, when he unsuccessfully challenged the Democrat, Lyndon B. Johnson, who was running simultaneously for re-election and as John F. Kennedy’s running mate on the presidential ticket.
Some restaurants are so romantic, cozy and spirit-warming that upon entry your anticipation soars, sometimes so high that it can’t always be realistically met by the food itself.
His vehicle to achieve all of this is Bloomberg Philanthropies, a foundation that he started in 2006 and that now employs about 30 people with programs in 95 countries.
Your Evening Briefing is posted weekdays at 6 p.m. Don’t miss Your Daily Briefing at 6 a.m. weekdays.
Now, there are no rules at all.
“I don’t think we’re going to solve this problem in weeks,” Mr. Obama told reporters before leaving for a two-week golf-and-beach vacation on Martha’s Vineyard.
Whether or not you think the press should nose around in politicians’ sex lives, the fact that Hart was ultimately undone by reporters from outside the New York-Washington corridor indicates that the political press might have become too captive for its own good.
And on Monday, alone in the locker room, Chang took the time to pray and express his gratitude.
SPACE STATION 76 Opens on Friday Directed by Jack Plotnick 1 hour 33 minutes From the authoritative male scientists of 1950s science fiction to the malaise-steeped dystopias of the 1970s, films about the future often betray the imprint of their times.
Few are more appealing than the striking red car that Mr. d’Amico had liberated from the Museo Alfa Romeo.
(Soloski) ‘Voices of Swords’ (closes on Sunday) A personal organizer and her client find their lives entangling in this disappointing play (1:45).
She believes that the country’s racial problems have little to do with racism and everything to do with economic exploitation.
Conflict in Darfur started in 2003 as rebels there accused the central government in Khartoum of discrimination, negligence and marginalization.
Virtuosic violin aside, who knew that Neufeld had such a lovely voice?
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; and by appointment.
But with Mr. Gomes as her Basilio — a handsome, financially strained young barber who, despite the odds, has won Kitri’s heart — they make their way from flirtation to love like agile actors in a screwball comedy.
Sometime after court adjourned on Friday, Mr. Pistorius made his way through the scrum of reporters and onlookers, free — at least until his sentencing hearing.
“We’ve got to define that,” Amaker said.
He graduated from Belmont College in Nashville and later earned a doctorate in audiology from Wichita State University.
It is the hope of helicopter opponents now that a mayor not in a position to provide temporary use of personal aviation equipment to celebrities will offer a more critical voice.
Tesco faces pressure on multiple fronts.
With detention facilities, asylum offices and immigration courts overwhelmed, enough migrants have been released temporarily in the United States that back home in Central America people have heard that those who make it to American soil have a good chance of staying.
He drew loud cheers when he punched a ground ball through the left side of the infield for a run-scoring single in the sixth inning.
As Thompson insists, our consciousness — our self — is simply not the kind of “thing” science is used to studying.
Asked who might hire “Some Proximity” and why, Mr. Linder said that art institutions “might be interested in questions of real-time embodiment of the economic labor of choreography today.” He added that a private collector might also be interested in conceptual work.
Talent and tactics aside, the 2014 World Cup could be won or lost by hamstrings, those long, stringy muscles and tendons that run along the backs of the thigh from the hip to the knee.
MANKINS: But if you still feel strongly enough about it, and you have to do it, then do it by all means.
The juxtaposition is perhaps most evident in the main room, where a soft purple carpet custom-made by the historic German producer Vorwerk extends across the floor and up the walls to meet a rough concrete ceiling.
But others see themselves in broader landscapes, in the context of longer narratives about forgiveness, or redemption or setback and ascent.
It’s almost surprising that no one seems to have made a movie like “Boyhood” before.
At 8 a.m. he drives about 10 minutes to his daughter’s house for coffee.
The evening will feature panelists and speakers including Preet Bharara , the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, and Gregory Coleman, the F.B.I.
“What spurs people to attempt the crossing are the war in Syria and the political instability and street violence against migrants in Libya, not simply the fact that the traffickers know that the rescue operations have been strengthened.” In 2011, spurred by the upheaval of the Arab Spring, a record 62,000 migrants reached Italy, many from Libya and Tunisia.
WORLD WAR I REMEMBRANCES Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina Sarajevo National Library.
(Through Aug. 31) The lab is open daily, except Monday, from 11 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (The museum is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; to 7 p.m. this Friday and next Thursday.)
Republicans pushing for the benefits include: Representatives Jon Runyan, Christopher Smith and Frank A. LoBiondo of New Jersey; Representatives King, Chris Gibson, and Michael Grimm of New York; and Representative Joe Heck, whose Nevada district has the third highest unemployment rate.
Molly Brown is a hero in Denver, and the cast has visited her former home (now a museum) and the old mining town of Leadville, Colo., where Act I takes place.
(Manohla Dargis) ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier’ (PG-13, 2:16) Given how little creative wiggle room there is in properties like “The Winter Soldier,” a sequel to “Captain America: The First Avenger” (2011), it counts as a minor triumph that the directors, the brothers Anthony and Joe Russo, imprint any personality on this new movie, which is less a stand-alone work than a part of an ever-expanding multimedia enterprise.
But in the six and a half years that have passed, the nation’s population has risen a good deal; the civilian noninstitutional population has risen since January 2008, to 247.4 million from 232.6 million.
Mr. Dubin offered a subscription service online, shipping razors for $1 to $9.
We bought a couch and cushions for a rocker.
Such graduates make for good stories (and they tend to involve the peer group of journalists), but history suggests that most of them will do just fine .
It was his elderly mother’s land, in part, that the two men had fought over.
So far, there are only four tenants, including the state electricity commission and the development company behind the project.
( Momondo gets an honorable mention at $364.)
Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
Democrats handily won voters with family incomes below $50,000 in this year’s midterm elections, and Republicans handily won those with incomes above $100,000.
In his public statements, Mr. Abdullah has also suggested there was widespread fraud, though he has not leveled direct accusations at Mr. Karzai or other officials.
Players Association — commented on Mr. Sterling, and his remarks were brief.
It’s a humble space, with two rows of black meditation cushions and an altar at one end.
Last year, the Senate committee accused the C.I.A.
The kid is 42 now.” Well, that settled it.
But who among them had packs of Googling, self-righteous cultists on their trails?
He was told, he said, that “since St. Thomas More will eventually close some day, it is better to do it now rather than later, when there is presently a momentum within the archdiocese to merge parishes.” The explanation was not satisfying to parishioners, who are now fighting to save the church, which was built as an Episcopal church in 1870 and was intended to resemble a small chapel in the English countryside.
These include robbing banks, taking over oil fields and charging civilians and merchants “taxes” in areas under its control.
The Drawing Room, 66 Newtown Lane.
“It’s a great feeling to be up there with those guys,” said Lundqvist, who is in his ninth N.H.L.
You spot an LP playing on a turntable, but there’s no sound.
Philadelphia trimmed it to 8 with 5 minutes 46 seconds remaining but was unable to get any closer.
The mayor’s office insists that Mr. Ponte never saw the original report.
“Microorganisms can be caught in natural resin for thousands of years.
The reactions have been mixed: Officials in Dallas have said they will welcome thousands of migrant children and have helped to coordinate donations from local residents, but residents of Artesia, N.M., expressed frustration at a meeting this week that immigrants were being placed at a temporary detention center there.
The last we saw he was staring at Molly’s cork boards with all that red string tying links between Malvo, Lester, the Fargo guys and all sorts of misdeeds, remembering the man in the car on the road while Gus delivered mail.
And I think Rand Paul understands that.”
Ticket Prices Although tickets for the Monaco Grand Prix are among the most expensive of the series, there are deals, including €1 for a child on Thursday.
Liz Madison, a spokeswoman for Sutter Health, which owns the clinic, said that a sling counted as a type of durable medical equipment and that patients typically paid for such items.
Pointing to a DVD, she said, “I swear I’ve watched that movie a hundred times.” There were small shot glasses for $6, a wide-angle photo of the ’73 Belmont Stakes finish for $250 and bags, T-shirts, glasses, mugs, caps, books, movies and jewelry in between.
But after that victory in France — which happened one year before the Evian became a major — there has been no lapse of confidence for Park.
“Frozen,” by far the biggest hit of the year, has sold nearly 2.9 million copies since it came out last November.
During one game, I sat in the stands with Alec Kinsky, the proprietor of D1 Circuit, a website dedicated to covering the E.Y.B.L.
The fresh pool of capital underscores the diversity of businesses housed within K.K.R., a firm best known for its private equity buyouts.
A woman of about fifty-five years of age struck two blows with a butcher’s cleaver at the presentation portrait of Mr. Henry James, the novelist, painted by Mr. J.S.
It already attracts huge crowds for the tournament’s first full weekend.
#RiddleMeThat.” Last year, Hanaa Soltan told my colleague David Kirkpatrick that her brother had been an opponent of the Muslim Brotherhood “and very vocal about it as well,” but had joined the sit-in calling for the reinstatement of the ousted Islamist president, Mohamed Morsi, to defend what he considered the democratic norms he was accustomed to in the United States.
“Instead, Valeant is likely to pursue the acquisition by making public merger proposals (‘bear hugs’) together with a proxy contest to change the board of directors.” (The lawyers said that the S.E.C.
Investigators have not revealed whether the same cybercriminals are suspected in both breaches, although investigators and security specialists have described a loose band of hackers from Eastern Europe as the likeliest suspects in the Target theft.
“These are formations and specialists who are in there doing training and equipping of the separatist forces.” And as the Sunday vote approached, he reported, some Russian military units edged closer to Russia’s border with Ukraine, an intimidating move that appeared intended to caution the Ukrainian government not to intervene.
“No one was thinking about the vision of Google and Facebook and Alibaba.
So while Muslims in United States custody do not have redress from the coarsest attacks on their religious dignity, corporations do have religious rights that the law protects.
Panorama has also invested heavily in improving survey science.
Or the last stand of the sanitation commissioner (and his cable knit sweater ).
The absence of key friends and family members feels underexplained.
The mayor promised to notify people when he knew another bus would arrive, perhaps on the Fourth of July.
Does Stavros have free will as a blackmail victim?
“She’s very serious and very formal in person,” said Hector Cordero-Guzman, a Baruch College professor who lives on East 117th Street and sent the tweet that alerted her to the explosion.
Anjali Ranadivé, the daughter of Vivek Ranadivé, owner of the Sacramento Kings basketball team, will sing the American national anthem, while L. Subramaniam , a violinist, and Kavita Krishnamurthy, a classical singer, will perform the Indian anthem.
Put on an itchy sweater.
I really did lose a car, and it stayed lost for more than 15 years.
There is no word on suspects.
Bobs, pageboys, asymmetrical razor cuts — they are his specialty.
Last week, Toyota agreed to pay $1.2 billion to settle a four-year-long federal criminal investigation that found the company had concealed information from regulators and the public in 2009 and 2010 about a defect that caused some of its most popular cars to accelerate suddenly.
There is some evidence that brain exercise programs like Lumosity and Nintendo’s Brain Age can be beneficial, but if my admittedly unscientific experience is any indication, you might be better off studying a language instead.
Lydia emptied the packet into her mug of camomile tea, not knowing that Walt, her former partner, had poisoned it.
What makes a great love letter?
Municipal clerks said they were fielding questions from puzzled voters.
Their findings appear in the journal Biology Letters.
Likewise Ron Paul’s and Rick Santorum’s presidential campaigns, in which two ideologically dissimilar Republican politicians both claimed a “Tea Party” mantle.
“If I had to define success as people giving us positive feedback, I would have given up.” But the financial crisis that began in 2007 was something of a lucky break for Indiegogo because it created more of a need for alternative forms of financing.
The man climbed out of the water and had a heart attack on the rocks.
Mutter dedicated a sweet rendition of Tchaikovsky’s “ Mélodie ” to Stern’s memory.
The fact that a growing number of travelers now provide email addresses and mobile telephone numbers to airlines when they book tickets also enabled faster communication about the cancellations, he said.
In her autobiographical “Pass Fe White,” its title a play on the traditional pas de deux duet, a solo black dancer spins and heaves onstage as if at war with herself, discarding clothing and accessories in the process, including a blond wig, which she had used to “pass” for white.
Uptown and downtown, East Side and West, an elite cadre of prewar centenarians — give or take a decade — preside over Manhattan as if conscious of their pride of place, handsome and historic exteriors, and enduring stature.
1, 2 and 3 in selling emerging market bonds to investors — $140 billion in total, according the research firm Lipper.
Major League Baseball has allotted $7.9 million for Aiken’s signing bonus, which is a far cry from the $1.55 million ($2.7 million when adjusted for inflation) that the Yankees gave Taylor in 1991.
Then, conducted by the Tanglewood fellow Daniel Cohen, Steven Mackey’s violin concerto “Beautiful Passing” (2008) was a battle between soloist — Sarah Silver, playing with lucid heat — and orchestra, strongest in a quiet passage in which the violin line kept vanishing into, and emerging from, the winds.
Admittedly the military task is not an easy one, as the International Crisis Group pointed out this week, noting that the “terrain is vast and difficult,” nearly two-thirds the size of the United Kingdom, and protecting every isolated village is nearly impossible.
Mr. Humphrey, a former foreign correspondent for Reuters, has shown particular concern about the health of his wife.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
“Everyone fixates on the quality that is most entertaining.” He did this while eating a plate of beef tacos.
Those never impacted careers at all.” On and on Jones babbled.
Kasey Bonner, the coordinator for the Cleaning Guys, the company hired to do the job, said its workers were not allowed to enter because the company did not have permission to transport hazardous material by road.
My friend is wasting her money and looking foolish.
One-quarter of the fans buying tickets to Sunday’s game online are from Pennsylvania, up from 6 percent for all other Jets home games, TiqIQ said.
Assuming Ms. Cooley’s duties at MRM/McCann Detroit, as president, is Tamy Harms; she had most recently been president of the Cincinnati office of Possible, part of WPP.
And if it’s going to be a tough conversation, one of the things I say right away is “I need your help with something.” I think they immediately feel that they can meet me halfway and that we can solve this problem together.
Half are marketed under the lower-calorie label Delights, a subbrand whose offerings have 300 calories or fewer.
Takahito Mura of Japan finished first, ahead of Jeremy Abbott of the United States.
Continued reluctance by the E.C.B.
And with three weeks until the All-Star break, Tanaka’s first half can probably rest safely with some of the finest rookie debuts in any generation.
Has Procter & Gamble’s “ Pick Them Back Up campaign brought a tear to your eye yet?
Citing a New York Times report that lay bare the efforts of administrators at institutions like Bowdoin College, in Maine, to disband evangelical-Christian student groups “unless they allow any students, no matter their religion, serve as leaders.” From a practical standpoint, the editorial board wonders why a non-religious student, or a student from another faith, would want to lead an unfamiliar religious group.
It also has a penal colony, Katorga, where much of the action seems to take place.
Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web.
Many spoke of being able to move around the city more freely for the first time in years, after the militants unblocked roads that the army had shut down for security reasons and took down the blast walls that had become a permanent feature of nearly every major Iraqi city over the last decade.
This year, Congress has refused to extend unemployment benefits, and some states cut benefits last year.
A large protest in the central square against Colonel Zida on Sunday was followed by a burst of gunfire from soldiers at the state television headquarters, where supporters of opposition leaders had gathered.
She tried a 1080, the riskiest of her tricks, rather than settling for something less audacious.
She also choreographed a few Hindi films, including Raj Kapoor’s masterpiece “Awaara” (1951).
Thus, many Chinese restaurants stay inexpensive and mediocre, and many good Chinese chefs work instead at sushi bars.
Scroll down, scroll down, take that Orphic trip into the underworld of the comments section, and there they are — the people who really object to you.
We don’t have enough money coming in.
“So you know that, for that person who’s eating the shaved ice in his Hawaiian shirt — he’s in paradise,” she said ( Slide 5 ).
commissioner, Mike Whan, said: “I haven’t seen the obituaries of ‘whatever happened to Michelle Wie’ in about a full year now.
“The rest, the crystals were so small, you couldn’t really figure out what to do,” Dr. DeLucas said.
Drill pipes are stacked like sentries.
Last week, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara, warned that he would sue the city if officials did not deliver quickly enough on promised overhauls.
Once that is settled, General Anderson said, the two ministries need to figure out how to coordinate security efforts to combat a resurgent Taliban .
In his 1861 inaugural address, Abraham Lincoln reminded the nation that all Americans were bound together by the “mystic cords of memory.” Those words still ring true today, particularly in regard to the Civil War.
And the situation has implications for audiences across the country.
The point is to pull it up before it produces seeds, which some years was as early as mid-June.
Boil another 5 minutes, until pasta is cooked al dente.
A. I would recommend starting with the United States Department of Education’s financial aid page, studentaid.ed.gov , for an overview that focuses on federal aid.
You should get 12 on each sheet.
Big hits and midair collisions.
The reason they fell in love is because they share core qualities.
According to a report on www.81.cn , or China Military Net, the military’s Xi’an Satellite Monitoring Center redeployed the satellites to help search on Saturday, as soon as news of the aircraft’s disappearance was received.
There is indeed wealth in the town, but there are also many middle- and working-class people who inhabit the small colonials and two-family houses that dot the streets.
What were the most influential books you read as a student?
No place, however, surrenders to tradition as reluctantly as Wimbledon, where one of the Big Four has won the past 11 years.
“I’ll never have it, which is why I’m a defender.” Bayern has alerted Europe’s richest clubs that Reus’s contract contains a buyout clause of around $25 million, and whoever would get him would benefit from Dortmund’s loss.
Even Mr. Obama’s Asian trip, which he had put off from October because of the government shutdown, was overshadowed by the tensions with Russia and the suspension of peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians.
Facing away at first, he accompanies his words with gestures: a Communist fist, a democratic open hand.
“We have been watching very carefully and we expect the Ukrainian government to show restraint, to not resort to violence in dealing with peaceful protesters,” Mr. Obama said during a one-day visit to Mexico to meet with Mexican and Canadian counterparts.
“I want a career just like everybody else,” Ms. Reifman said.
We receive a few hundred ideas, and start with those.
Only the American Kristine Lilly, who played in 352 games from 1987 to 2010, has made more international appearances among men or women.
“Due to the type of satellite data, we are unable to confirm the precise location of the plane when it last made contact with a satellite.” The northern arc Mr. Najib described passes near some of the world’s most volatile countries that are home to insurgent groups, but also over areas with a strong military presence and robust air defense networks, some run by the American military.
Barrett showed the poise of an upperclassman and threw comfortably all game, aided by a rock-solid Ohio State offensive line.
Egyptian security officials said that Mr. Bishr had been arrested on suspicion of offenses including incitement to violence and calling for unauthorized street protests.
Even if the propulsion system cannot be fixed and ISEE-3 zooms past Earth, the plan is to stay in contact and have the spacecraft send back scientific readings as it continues to orbit around the sun.
But the unit largely folded in less than two years, as it became clear that Walden would never create the half dozen or more films needed each year to sustain it.
The attraction for players, beyond a place to unwind and blend in, is the proximity to Toyota Sports Center, the team’s practice facility in nearby El Segundo.
The residents of Bhura and Malakpur said that they fended off the authorities by refusing outright to move and drawing steadfast support from the Muslim villages around them.
Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts, 149 Girdle Ridge Road.
And he’s got a California accent, so I related.
Stephen Hinshaw, a specialist in developmental psychopathology at the University of California, Berkeley, said the time was ripe to explore the utility of nondrug interventions like mindfulness.
I don’t fear the car — I have a big respect for what it is capable of.” Courtney Force, 26, a four-time winner in 2014, her third year as a pro Funny Car driver, provides feedback incrementally.
In the end, protecting China’s beleaguered environment will require the government to reach beyond its comfort zone and confront the limits of its economic and political model.
The drivetrain components came from a Renault Twizy, Local Motors said.
The theater had been restored over more than 40 years but was mostly used for plays (Sarah Bernhardt played “Phèdre” there in 1903) and became a venue strictly for opera in 1969 when its theatrical arm became the Avignon Festival nearby.
The dominance of English dims the prospects of students who are too poor to attend an English-language school.
Under state law, the office will be able to keep $449 million for anti-crime programs — nearly five times its annual budget — while $1.7 billion will be passed on to the city and state governments, prosecutors said.
“That’s what we’re trying to determine,” said Neal Shoemaker, a Harlem native who grew up in the Martin Luther King Jr.
“That’s Wheeler, isn’t it?” Kershaw asked Collins, referring to Zack Wheeler, who was throwing a bullpen session.
We went back to her apartment and played each other songs on Spotify for three hours.
The state news agency RIA Novosti and the Russia Today channel merged into a single structure .
(Those were held by Alpha Xi Delta.)
In fact, after only a day or so of travel, almost 90% of people have significant drops in stress levels, according to Chris Erskine of the L.A. Times.
Such dreams are meant to become realities on Costco’s website, where club members can book discounted vacation packages, cruises and rental cars.
It comes at a time of high demand for affordable housing amid the steady loss of rent-regulated apartments to market-rate conversions.
Why isn’t that knowledge translated to girls and women in the United States?
The International Monetary Fund ranks it 147th out of 187 in terms of per capita gross domestic product, and according to the World Bank, average per capita income there is just over $1,000 a year.
“Special” was all he could eventually muster.
“I would say no.” Americans, he added, “should be able to express our affinity to government agencies we like without paying them a fee.” For some Marines, being told that they cannot use a brand they fought for does not sit well.
As India heads toward general elections in April and May, its 814,591,184 registered voters are being influenced by mutated versions of India’s old fantasies.
No word on a motive.
A firm female figure, clasping daily newspapers to her wide-shouldered suit, expressed absolutely who was kicking out the glass ceiling back in 1984.
Recently, American warplanes conducted airstrikes against Pakistani Taliban leaders hiding in the provinces of Nangarhar and Kunar in eastern Afghanistan.
The biennial also honors those who labor behind the scenes with, for example, a Roman Catholic bishop’s choir dress by Marvin Goldman of Duffy and Quinn/ Craft Robe Company, and the wonderfully textured approximations of armor worn by dancers in the Cincinnati Ballet’s recent production of “King Arthur’s Camelot,” designed by Sandra Woodall and made by Sally Ann Parsons of Parsons-Meares .
So Apple will still be able to obtain some customer information stored on iCloud in response to government requests.
It’s hardly the first time a prominent conservative has said something along these lines.
The report also said that Ms. Rivers’s body weight was never recorded, as is required to determine the proper dose of anesthesia.
The older woman was a resident at the home, and her daughter was visiting.
“I always had the dream of going to the N.B.A.
By 10 a.m., those forms are collected and fed into a scanner linked to the department’s headquarters.
You’ll be amazed by how much — and sometimes how little — your health insurer pays for various treatments and drugs.
“Bank of America both deceived consumers and unfairly billed consumers for services not performed,” said Richard Cordray, the director of the consumer agency.
For the maximum area, you cannot do better than 190 for the set consisting of 1×2, 3×4, 5×6, 7×8 and 9×10.
Republicans won every statewide federal election from 1974 until 2008, when Ted Stevens was convicted of corruption shortly before one of the best national Democratic elections in a generation.
Everybody else is doing it.
Sara VanDerBeek has put together an elegant and mysterious installation inspired by urban transformation in Cleveland; photographs partly obscured by a zigzagging partition show us mysterious details of the cityscape.
In recent years, tensions have eased a great deal.
THE eighth-grade boy I mentor had been suspended for calling his substitute teacher a bitch, loudly enough that a teacher’s aide heard.
In 2009, facing serious government budget cuts, the orchestra called attention to its financial plight by taking out absurdist newspaper ads stating that it could “play at your house for a reasonable fee” and noting that its musicians “have suitable attire for all occasions.” Mr. Tasovac described that campaign as “radical marketing” that stemmed from “creative despair.” “When you are trying to achieve something seemingly impossible,” he said via email, “laughter is your strongest weapon.” People whose images of Serbia were formed by the brutal, bellicose nationalism of Slobodan Milosevic, the former leader who died in 2006 while on trial for war crimes, might be interested to learn that in recent seasons the Belgrade Philharmonic has performed a series of concerts pegged to New Year celebrations of different cultures to promote multiculturalism; it has also worked with other Balkan orchestras in Croatia and Slovenia.
The experiments include paying for care delivered in a medical home, which is not a place, but rather a model where patients are closely followed and their care is coordinated.
After the game, Valverde, who signed a minor league deal in February, was released.
His recordings for that label featured vocalists and were largely devoted to what he called “self-help holistic metaphysical music” — life lessons in song with titles like “Reaching Our Goals in Life” and “Don’t Dwell on Your Problems” that left critics for the most part unimpressed.
I had a moneymaking idea once: wooden andirons.
You’ve got to put in a lot of effort and do the work yourself.” Mr. Glass himself described the move as no big deal: The show will still air on the same stations at its usual time.
In the end, the sure-footed X4 offers more sport, less utility.
Like the death of the Pakistani player Abdul Aziz, who at 17 in 1959 was struck over the heart while batting in a cup final, it falls into the category of freak accident.
He averaged 12.1 points and a team-leading 6.8 rebounds and joins his teammate Tyler Ennis, a freshman point guard, in the draft.
Yet the charges also appeared to be part of growing intrigue swirling around the intelligence service and possible maneuvers within the government of President Nicolás Maduro.
“Son voluntarios”, dijo durante una entrevista.
Mr. Van Bramer replied, “Who are you to question my integrity?” Last week, he backed Queens Borough President Melinda Katz’s call for Mr. Galante to take a temporary leave, given, he said, “the gravity of the ongoing investigations.” For four years, Mr. Van Bramer has led the Cultural Affairs Committee, long a backwater in the Council power structure.
It had been creased and stained with paint; a large, roughly rectangular section of its lower left corner had been torn and folded back, and secured with a paper clip.
But in recent years, deals have been characterized by the growing number of banks involved – a trend that is intended to help ensure success but that also risks a situation in which individual banks devote less time and resources to marketing an offering.
The story, meanwhile, jettisons the digressions and subplots that are the pith of the novel (along with Mr. Helprin’s calorie-rich prose) and settles into a standard movie-fantasy battle between good and evil.
The Americans, collectively, all but collapsed.
Dan McGlinchy, who lives on the same Pennsburg street Mr. Stone did, said he feared going outside Monday night because of warnings by the authorities that Mr. Stone was at large, and was armed and dangerous.
The Taliban and Haqqani networks in Afghanistan and Pakistan also run smuggling and kidnapping operations, while profiting from the heroin trade.
On Saturday, Mexican and American authorities struck even deeper, capturing Mr. Guzmán in a predawn raid on a seaside condominium in the Mexican city of Mazatlán.
There are already several places in the city where one can have authentic hummus, and there is a bimonthly Hebrew-language magazine.
The leader of the protests, Suthep Thaugsuban, who has been charged by the authorities with rebellion, threatened on Tuesday to “close all government offices” if Ms. Yingluck did not step down in the coming days.
But apparently Ms. Wilson wasn’t completely in the dark.
The rookie Odell Beckham Jr. will certainly get additional playing time, but it is unlikely he will be moved to the slot until Parker has been tried there first.
The volume contains hundreds of stories, which is why it’s not the kind of book you’ll read straight through but is perfect for flipping around in late at night in the tub, or for giving as a gift with certain parts marked.
I have to think that we will continue to overanalyze our relationship with food, as it seems to be so deeply embedded in our behavior.
The targeting of Mrs. Clinton comes amid growing disillusionment about Mr. Obama’s failure to enact immigration change and his handling of the arrival of thousands of Central American children on the United States border.
The deal comes just in time for Passover , which begins next week, and may help the 126-year-old company expand beyond the kosher aisle.
Why would endorsements matter in a Congressional primary and not a presidential race?
In April 2010, anger over gas prices and government corruption erupted into violent, president-toppling revolution, and three months of bloodshed seemed to confirm the lazy suppositions — of another ex-Soviet basket-case, one of Central Asia’s mysterious and unstable ’stans, with little to recommend it beyond the amusingly consonant-heavy name.
“He was very proud of it,” his son added.
1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, 212-423-3500, guggenheim.org.
Matongé neighborhood The city’s Congolese district around the Porte de Namur offers incredible fabric shops, shopping arcades, restaurants, wig and beauty shops and the gorgeous Vendôme cinema.
That compares with a loss of $7.2 million, or 9 cents a share, a year ago.
It will expand access to the federal government’s Pay as You Earn program, which allows borrowers to arrange affordable payments and qualify for loan forgiveness.
A 66-yard kickoff return by Janarion Grant summoned the very lightning Rutgers was struck with in the first half — a three-play touchdown drive in 1:10 — to make the score 35-24.
Their offense has sputtered and their starting pitching has crumbled, and yet three months into the season, the Yankees have remained competitive.
For its part, the industry must drop the pretense of “recreational genomics”: Today’s earwax-type gene may yield tomorrow’s drug metabolism data, and consumers need to be warned.
In some ways, you might argue, that’s a neater trick than all the rings Jackson has accumulated as an N.B.A.
Welker sustained a concussion on Aug. 23 in a preseason game against Houston, his third head injury in a 10-month span.
2 in South Korea’s government, where the president has executive power.
Hamas officials said Friday that talks were underway to restore the 2012 cease-fire after Israel began massing troops around Gaza the day before, but Saturday’s exchanges — continuing a near-daily pattern of the past three weeks — indicated otherwise.
The Mets finished second in their division in 1984, and they were second again in 1985 before vaulting to the World Series championship.
I stood way, way in the background, my view of my daughter Hannah’s shock and thrill obscured by a throng of teenagers swarming her and yelling, “Surprise!” I had outsourced Hannah’s sweet 16 birthday party to her four BFFs.
The small number of Hispanic voters in the Republican House electorate is a reflection of today’s congressional districts.
“There is a lot of pompous celebration of the victory over fascism, a love for Soviet abbreviations, symbols and monuments,” said Vladimir Solovyov, a journalist with the Russian newspaper Kommersant, who was raised in Transnistria, which is sometimes called a sliver of the Soviet Union.
8 P.M. (TCM) A HARD DAY’S NIGHT (1964) When this film from the director Richard Lester had its debut, Bosley Crowther of The New York Times was astounded.
So the company asked her to fill out several forms online.
• The Department of Energy reports refineries are running at almost full capacity.
When the candidates talked about the controversy surrounding the Dominican Republic’s stripping of citizenship of people born there but of Haitian descent, Mr. Espaillat explained that he had met with the Dominican Republic president and said Mr. Rangel had contradicted himself on the issue.
The camp is considered a Fatah stronghold, with a Hamas presence that Mr. Abu El-Hijja may have been trying to strengthen.
“I think my outrage about the desperation of the poor — and the dissatisfaction of the rich — stemmed in part from my belief that they represented a derogation from that path, a veering off course that had to be rooted out and documented,” he writes in the afterword to the new edition of “Rich and Poor,” being published by Steidl , which has been highly anticipated for several years and draws from Mr. Goldberg’s negatives to expand on the 1985 book.
The unit that houses the most notorious detainees is built on unstable ground — a floor is described as buckling — and will need replacement for any long-term use.
In early June, Obor Rakyat, a tabloid newspaper that began publishing in April, made similar allegations and later added that Mr. Joko was not the biological father of his first child.
“The market at these levels is a bit skittish,” said James Dunigan, chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management.
It took two more weeks to get it to the president’s desk.
As we walked toward the dock, where a steady flow of couples and families was dismounting and boarding small yachts for excursions, I mused, as my father had many times before, about the time that he had saved his stepmother from drowning at a nearby beach.
At this concert at the Exploratorium’s new building on the San Francisco waterfront, he will present “Starfield,” a composition that draws on the field of asteroseismology, which measures the internal vibration of stars.
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
MONTCLAIR BrassWorks on Grove “Looking Back, Looking Forward: Expressive Colorful Abstractions by RM Cimini.” Through Sept. 19.
You throw a typewriter out the window enough times, you don’t get invited to the meetings with the executives.
Mr. Alton acknowledged that the company would face criticism for failing to include in its licensing deals such countries as Thailand, Brazil and Mexico, which have sought wider access and lower prices for some big-selling crucial medications.
She has worked in the Obama administration and helped Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. shape the Violence Against Women Act when he was in the Senate.
Faced with erratic behavior typical of some mentally ill inmates, guards have been known to respond both aggressively and indifferently.
The technology, called pCell, is one of many techniques that companies are looking at to address the rising public appetite for mobile data, especially video.
The property also has two storage sheds, one designed to look like a post office and the other, a fire station.
That can make it difficult to get a loan when you do eventually want to borrow money to buy a car or a home.
As recently as 2010, a majority of Americans believed that the government should not recognize same-sex marriage, according to Gallup.
He pushed, shoved and maneuvered close to the senator at a political dinner, only to be elbowed out of the way by Mr. McConnell’s wife, the former Labor Secretary Elaine L. Chao, and a couple of dexterous campaign aides.
The old questionnaire, for example, asked people if they had been insured in the prior year; the new one is more specific.
The same men are also shown in photographs taken in Ukraine.
Later that evening, I’m not sure who was more fired up, Jack or me, at the Atlantis Speedway.
Let’s now reach into — A Large Urn There are 600 black marbles and 400 white marbles mixed well in a large urn.
But also there’s evidence that people with Alzheimer’s respond well to music they know.
He is a son of the late Josephine Costa, who lived in North Babylon, N.Y., and the late Orazio Thomas Costa, who lived in Spring Hill, Fla. Mr. Willey, 49, is a self-employed architectural designer in Brooklyn.
Since I have a lot of free time on my hands, I have the luxury of choosing between the two, and usually opt for the written as opposed to the spoken word.
But when a visitor played the recording of the ISIS spokesman announcing the caliphate, Sheikh Jabiri called the speaker a “son of a dog” and said that tribes were already Muslim and would not let anyone rule them in the name of Islam.
Her mother is a medical aesthetician, performing microderm abrasions, chemical peels and other dermatologic procedures; she also teaches students to perform aesthetic procedures at the Artistic Academy, a beauty school in Morris Plains, N.J. Mr. Dugger, 33, is an actor in “Motown” at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater on Broadway.
To visit the Liang Yi, one must book in advance, ring a doorbell on the side of those shops and be shown upstairs.
She’ll be the same with de Blasio,” Ms. Perine said.
I feel like I really use dance as a form of escapism.
Verifone, the most prominent manufacturer of payment hardware, is up 27 percent over the last month.
“Lives are being lost because the response is too slow,” it said.
“And for us, death is what we deal with daily,” said the Rev.
Part father-son reckoning, it becomes a sort of odd-couple romance as friendship blossoms between the musician (Randall Newsome) and his son’s roommate (Max Jenkins), a man-child whose isolation is directly connected to his digital life (1:35).
A recent Gallup report found that one in three Ukrainians had been asked to pay a bribe last year, and that eight out of 10 paid.
Kehler Liddell Gallery, 873 Whalley Avenue.
I’d always enjoyed Planet Comics as a kid.” (Planet Comics was a long-running home for science fiction in the early days of comic books.)
The rape case was reported to the police about 1:25 a.m. on Saturday.
IRVINGTON Irvington Town Hall Theater Andy Statman Trio, blues and jazz.
Ms. Trahern said she expected those numbers to rise as more American country musicians realize how much demand there is for their sound abroad.
Libertarians also tend to engage in projection.
“I felt awkward, but I kind of went with it,” he told me.
They will be available on Sunday at select Versace and Superga boutiques and online at us.versace.com .
“I use it for inspiration, whether it is the fabric or color.
“We need black leadership in policing of the state,” Mr. Pierson said.
And they found jobs for the unemployed when the alternative was hunger and illness.
He oversaw the American section of the Armory Show, which included three of his own paintings.
This tree, like the original, is scarred near the base and missing a branch.
After decades of radical questioning and cycles of reaction, which term is more difficult to define neatly these days: “feminism” or “contemporary performance”?
“The solution,” he said, “was the thing that was driving up prices.” If students rent digital textbooks through Packback, they can take notes and make highlights in the e-book reader the company created.
He is a child of Houston, its tics and idiosyncrasies.
(AP) ANGELS 12, INDIANS 3 Jered Weaver became the A.L.’s first 16-game winner as visiting Los Angeles beat Cleveland in a makeup game.
Whether this was the result of their own athletic activity or a side effect of the many new legal marijuana dispensaries in the area was unclear.
A little lower gives you more wiggle room.
We’re a pretty cruel animal.
Kelce is still available in over 62 percent of leagues.
But the polar bears here have discovered a new menu option.
“Then we’ll decide for ourselves which path to take further.” His optimism notwithstanding, even the simplest mechanics of the vote remained unclear.
The slow food in question is juk, usually described as rice porridge, although porridge sounds like punishment while juk should taste like a reward, or at least a consolation prize.
They took over the lead at the 18-hour mark when the favored Black Falcon Mercedes-Benz AMG SLS experienced electrical troubles.
But instead of fading away, the demonstrations have grown, with the largest yet on Saturday drawing more than 25,000 people to the streets of Manhattan.
“I loved the part of lawyering that was writing and telling a story in front of a jury — with facts, not fiction of course,” Ms. Fairstein said.
An elaborate weighing of the exchange rate for prisoners takes place on both sides in preparation for such swaps.
Going out means a burger at The 1770 House right in East Hampton.
“The Music Man,” a musical by Meredith Willson, featuring an all-African-American cast.
There is widespread confusion and a deep misunderstanding about how Ebola spreads on the streets surrounding the Ivy.
and other regulators with documents that show a surge in options trading soon before damaging news reports about Herbalife were published, a person briefed on the matter said.
Figure Skating, the United States Olympic Committee, Skate Canada and the Canadian Olympic Association, the I.O.C.
“I’m not naïve about the corporate world,” Burton Richter told me when we spoke about the class action lawsuit he and other residents are bringing against Vi at Palo Alto , a very upscale continuing care retirement community.
“OPEC is not going to survive another 50 years,” Morse told me.
In his best-selling “Capital in the Twenty-First Century,” the French economist Thomas Piketty proposes that inequality could be tempered by returning to the tax rates of the past.
Sales in former Soviet countries including Ukraine declined by 20 percent for the year, in part owing to a warmer winter.
At one point, a student pulled a fire alarm.
I used to read “Morvern Callar,” by Alan Warner, every year — I adored that book.
Aug. 13 at 7 p.m. Free.
Gay Americans now not only have support from their families and friends, they have powerful backing from economic leaders, who see them as valuable employees and customers.
Allaster said the idea for the new event, still much a work in progress, came out of extensive market research in the past year and that if the concept gains traction, it could begin as early as 2017.
Beans are roasted in the back and brewed in your choice of Chemex, French press or Aeropress.
Although she said she did not add up the losses in what is a lightly regulated industry here in Masinloc, she said they were substantial.
Nightlife and Tourism The best neighborhood for nightlife in São Paulo is Vila Madalena, which is easily accessible by subway or taxi.
Consider it when worn unzipped over a sporty layer, though, and it takes on a thoroughly urban, street-ready appeal — like the tracksuits you see on kids in the London neighborhood of Brixton.
The company, partly owned by Volkswagen and the supplier Continental, demonstrated the capabilities on a VW test vehicle as it drove on its own, using a system of cameras, lasers and radar.
I had no problem grasping the controller or hitting the appropriate buttons.
His nomination of John J. Matheussen, a fellow Republican, caught my eye.
If it had a postscript, it might read like this: One day, while shooting in Greenwich Village, he was on his cellphone, trying to explain the allure of the city to his father in Ireland.
University of Vermont, $69 million of general obligation bonds.
“Legacy in Clay: Contemporary American Indian Pottery.” Through Sept. 28.
Sales from Mr. Obama’s books have decreased steadily every year since he took office as president, according to the disclosure forms the White House has released.
They put 10 percent down and took out a fixed-rate mortgage.
John Cox, Auckland, New Zealand Why haven’t we connected the dots from the invasion of Georgia, to the arming of the Syrian mass murderers, to the takeover of Crimea?
It’s an attack against the Mexican circus.” The circus families argue that they are an easy political target because their audience has no political power.
Scavengers arrived in minutes and usually finished the jellyfish in one to two hours and the mackerel in around eight hours.
You can follow Adriana Gardella on Twitter .
The cabinet still must approve the Saudi gift.
The verbal exchanges that followed provide an excursion into a world no less irrational, no less absurd, than the worlds Lewis Carroll created in Alice in Wonderland .
So while judges are not just rubber stamps, they are not entitled to ask whether the decision to settle is a good one, or to question the sufficiency of any penalties or other requirements in relation to the underlying misconduct.
The 11-minute film was originally released online four years ago to little notice.
MARY McLEOD St. Paul, Jan. 17, 2014
“She said, ‘Are you kidding me?’ ” he said, smiling proudly.
NOV. 7, 2005 Colts 40, Patriots 21 Gillette Stadium The Colts’ offense finally clicked against the Patriots, with Manning, who threw for 321 yards, coming away with a win in Foxborough for the first time in eight attempts.
Mr. Podesta has taken on the uphill task of building a political case for the climate rules, both by defusing the opposition and by trying to create an urgent sense among Americans that they are necessary.
Our training continued through that winter, in England and Scotland.
Nobody screams at the camera, and there are no actors flailing in the mud wearing bad reproductions of pig snouts.
To judge them calmly after the fact and say, well, he could have run away, or defused the situation, that is too abstract, aloof, pompous, even insulting.
Nov. 20 at 8:30 p.m. No cover.
The Cuomo campaign has arguably resurrected a longstanding divide in the women’s movement between those more singularly concerned about issues of sexuality and reproductive rights, and those focused on the grittier economic issues that affect women’s lives more broadly if not always as dramatically.
“We haven’t lived in that world for over 30 years.” During that time, Mr. Quinn said, utilities worked to change the equipment in people’s homes, backing building-code requirements for low-flow toilets, water-restricting shower heads, and washing machines and dishwashers with low water consumption.
I tried to keep it general.
Ya nowe , as my family or anyone living south of Exit 6 on the New Jersey Turnpike might say, ennymore, it’s enough to make yew sowe fuss-chraided!
“She would just come down for hours on end and berate me,” Mr. Sperring said.
That transformation can be distilled into the experience of Kimberla Lawson Roby, the author of a best-selling series of novels about a black pastor.
That’s a very comforting thing to have.” Ms. Lightstone ultimately moved to The Williams, a residence on the Upper West Side, where she lives in a one-bedroom apartment.
“So long as it is operating on a for-profit basis and is given the last word on some regulatory matters that disadvantage its competitors,” Justice Scalia said, “there’s a violation of due process.”
What They Said Two memorable quotations from the first round, starting with Tampa Bay Coach Jon Cooper’s comment about a former Ranger after the Lightning were eliminated.
“It’s an opportunity to acquire the newest and highest-quality asset in Atlantic City at an attractive basis,” said Richard B. Clark, chief executive of Brookfield Property Partners, an affiliate of the buyer.
If so, how did you handle it?
She played another sloppy game and Williams took the set, then won the first four games of the second set to cruise to victory.
Really, though, ECT is the mildest and gentlest thing that happens to the mentally ill. Who will take a mad woman’s claim of rape seriously?
And I’m sure that will be confirmed over time.” Time.
Because the kippered salmon, the slippery pink lengths of matjes herring and the shiny white sturgeon at the new Russ & Daughters Cafe are the same products you can take home from the old Russ & Daughters shop a few blocks away on East Houston Street, a cynic may say that the restaurant offers nothing more than an opportunity to eat the proprietors’ fish on their plates instead of yours.
Follow us on Twitter: @NYTNow .
And as newly insured consumers sort through details of their coverage, others will find that they are no longer insured by their old plans, which were canceled or discontinued because they did not comply with coverage requirements of the law.
Their numbers had dwindled to about 25 by dawn.
Girls gave their affection and sex and love to other men but never to me.
He was backed by Karpov then and has been re-elected ever since, despite what his many critics say is an erratic, even scandalous tenure that has undermined the sport’s international prestige.
In making that decision, we’d benefit by knowing what would happen to a home’s value in 10, 20 or 30 years.
“So they’re probably pretty motivated to see themselves as stable.” That means people are saving for whatever retirement goal or activity they’ve become attached to in the moment and trying to imagine how much their future selves will want to spend on it.
Rooney, England’s captain, has come through those risks and is on the verge of his 100th cap.
It was an upscale version of the corner deli standard: fresh scrambled eggs with smoked country bacon and aged New York Cheddar, tucked into a warm, crusty Balthazar Bakery ciabatta roll lightly smeared with a delicate homemade ketchup called tomato jam.
Moreover, unlike the Trianon Hungarians, Expat Hungarians are not allowed to vote unless they show up in person and present ID (a passport, for example).
Don’t know what else to say about it.
For me as a constructor and a solver, it is all about the theme.
But to customers who sign up for a cellular contract, the 6 Plus appears cheaper than the iPad — it’s just $299.
The program’s upbeat slickness wears on you, but a few of the characters are worth spending time with, particularly the ferociously efficient and self-critical referee, Lauren Holtkamp, and Dwayne Davis, an undrafted, unknown player whose infectious energy and confidence provide the best moments in “Summer Dreams.” “Requiem for the Big East” is messier, darker, less polished and significantly more entertaining.
It’s not my thing to decide.
The App Store is too lucrative a place for many developers to quit out of a sense of being wronged.
A king-size bed with built-in nightstands, it had a monumental headboard nearly 13 feet across.
And not all of them are eager to switch parties: In April, William Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Standard, said that as president Mrs. Clinton would “be a dutiful chaperone of further American decline.” But others appear to envisage a different direction — one that might allow them to restore the neocon brand, at a time when their erstwhile home in the Republican Party is turning away from its traditional interventionist foreign policy.
So all my fight work with Vampire Cowboys absolutely helped me book shows with lots of fights, like “Sucker Punch.” Exercising while delivering monologues — in a British accent, no less — is something I had to do in “Sucker Punch.” That allowed me to delve deeper into the storytelling of “Loneliness” rather than focusing as much on how to run, breathe and talk at the same time while being understood.
“It was not a naïve step for Manifesta to go to Russia.
But in June, after years of impassioned debate, India split Andhra Pradesh, a large state in southern India, in two, creating India’s 29th state, Telangana.
A lot of city services, like public lighting, sewage and transportation, have been lacking for quite some time, and the bankruptcy has drawn attention to that.
Asked by The Times how many subpoenas the agency had issued over the past 10 years, the agency did not offer a direct reply.
Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian: Photography and Jewelry Display (through Feb. 15) More than 80 black-and-white photographs and vintage postcards from the 1920s to ’60s, featuring the work of the American Indian photographer Horace Poolaw, who died in 1984, are the focus of the exhibition “For a Love of His People,” on view through Feb. 15.
There was a nice hum in the dining room, where six couples had assembled at a long table along the tufted green banquette.
They enlisted dozens of school-nutrition directors to join a new group, which they called the Coalition for Sustainable School Meals Programs.
From the beginning of 2014 to the end of 2017, the financial district is expected to welcome about 1,000 condo units and 1,200 rental units, after years when rentals were built almost exclusively.
BIG BREAK In 2012, the gossip website Gawker published an article about how Mr. Arnold had been censored: He had posted a cheeky but artfully composed photo of two topless sunbathers at Fort Tilden beach.
The American position was based on mere hope that the Brotherhood had changed from its goal of harsh Islamic rule, not on any evidence that it truly had.
Sayoube plays for Stabeck in Norway and Aurier for Toulouse in France.
Mr. Modi has a reputation as a hard-liner, and during the campaign he sharply criticized the governing Indian National Congress party for maintaining high-level contact with Pakistan despite unresolved disputes about security.
“It looks overwhelmingly like it will be a llama,” he said.
At Per Se on Oct. 3, Thomas Keller and his chef de cuisine, Eli Kaimeh, will share their kitchen with Anne-Sophie Pic, a French three-star chef.
‘Love in the Time of Cholera’ Directed by José Zayas and performed by an efficient four-actor crew, Caridad Svich’s adaptation of the Gabriel García Márquez novel is pleasing but lightweight.
Sergio Bosse, 69, a local deli owner, was found tied up in his bed and fatally shot in the head in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, N.Y. , Friday.
A porch with a view of the Salt Lake Valley can be reached from both the kitchen and the family room.
I’m always looking through newspapers for the latest research about saturated fat and whether it’s still bad for you, or if maybe sugar is poison.
Mr. Steinhauer is equally comfortable evoking the world in which Arab operatives circle one another and the early mix of savagery and wild nihilism in the former Yugoslavia, though he credits an eyewitness for helping describe the area around the Balkan town of Vukovar.
Ms. Cordero said she kept her French doors shut, even on hot days, for the duration of the grinding season.
To stay at those levels from year to year, plans can’t just increase all of their charges.
“A lot of times these people had very real, legitimate fears,” said Kimi Jackson, director of the South Texas Pro Bono Asylum Representation Project, known as ProBAR.
And I believe in cupcakes.
Brett had originally come across an excerpt from the transcript on Facebook.
I find myself becoming more and more comfortable each game.
WHEN Rob Anderson decided last year to pursue a longtime passion for food and open a restaurant in Provincetown, Mass., he left behind a job as an opinion page editor at The Boston Globe and enrolled in the six-month culinary arts program at the International Culinary Center in New York’s SoHo neighborhood.
The goal of research into abilities like counting is to get clues to how thinking evolved.
The character now has a powerful new monologue about the devotion of same-sex couples and their love for their children.
Be prepared to have all your emotional and sensory buttons pushed.
Zombies wreak terror because children believe that the once-dead can reappear.
A generation ago, it turns out, environment wasn’t a partisan issue: according to Pew Research , in 1992 an overwhelming majority in both parties favored stricter laws and regulation.
(Outlook.com can also manage mail accounts from other services like Gmail or providers using the older POP standard .)
PHILADELPHIA While the city is home to the triumphant “Rocky” steps, a culture of rabid sports fans and a gaggle of Ben Franklin impersonators, Philadelphia’s Olympic bid is a long shot.
Are there hordes of Muslims and followers of Shinto beating down the college president’s door because they can’t get on the Christian Fellowship’s board?
But although those numbers may seem impressive, they’re relatively low compared to the state’s population.
BREWERS 7, CARDINALS 4 Wily Peralta won his 13th game to move into a tie for the N.L.
“We didn’t want an office space, we wanted a community,” he said.
I could see him, but he could not see me.
Along with Massachusetts, which has also replaced a defective exchange on a tight time frame, Maryland will draw special scrutiny as consumers start testing the new systems.
Many in my hall bought them because someone, probably the vendor, started a rumor that exotic origins were good icebreakers with girls.
“Downton” easily topped a host of television’s most celebrated cable dramas in terms of viewership.
There’s a reason for that.
Brunch was left to novice cooks who drew the short straw and who believed they didn’t have license to innovate beyond adding a squirt of sriracha to the Bloody Mary mix.
In 1967, government programs reduced one major poverty rate by about 1 percentage point.
“There are always a handful of resisters,” Ms. Rogers said.
But Watson made it plain that he still had Tiger on his mind in a significant way.
Two shells slammed the roof of a second-story classroom filled with sleeping women and children, and one exploded in the school courtyard, where men were bowed in prayer among the eucalyptus trees.
It wasn’t so long ago.
• An article in some editions on Wednesday about the Yankees’ 9-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox misstated the number of walks the Yankees’ starting pitcher, Masahiro Tanaka, has allowed in his first four major league starts.
“He gives that team toughness, he gives them resolve.
“They saw a guy kill an old woman, put her in the freezer and go around partying and spending her money,” said the prosecutor.
GREENPORT The Gallery at Greenport Harbor Brewing Company “Working Girls of New York Harbor: A Sketchbook of Tugs, Dredges and Ships,” works by artist Christina Sun.
Robert H. Benmosche , the chief executive of the American International Group, is on Fox Business Network at 9:40 a.m.
He had suffered an asthma attack and died at Jacobi Medical Center, his wife, Alice Lopez, said.
Each week, The Upshot will unearth an item from 50 years ago and put it in the light of today.
The most affordable houses east of the canal were outside of the village proper in East Hampton, where the 2014 median was $816,000.
I read “War and Peace” and liked it and also “Crime and Punishment.” And also “For Whom the Sun Rises.” What do you plan to read next?
Energy inefficiency is never good.
The lightweight carbon-fiber-adorned roadster is street legal and will have a starting price in the United States of $165,925.
And on Thursday, he donated $29,000 to the state Republican Party and various county Republican committees around New Hampshire, according to the newspaper The Union Leader.
Crunching the Numbers Over the next few months, the creative team produced dozens of specific ads and began putting them into the news feeds of both fish oil users and the broader audience.
“Anybody that walks by the park every day can see it.” The City Council passed legislation mandating improved working conditions for the horses and increasing drivers’ pay in 2010.
I can only express how good I feel and how ready I personally feel.” The Mets played one of their best games of the season on a day when so much seemed focused on the future.
Her new show was inspired by that experience, and it is now part of the “Week at the Creek” series.
Six voted for Mr. Marcello, and six abstained.
“You feel such an expectation.” “But I believe these kinds of social things are better left to journalists,” he continued.
2 course, destroying huge swaths of pristine green grass to replace it with irregular, bumpy sand and native vegetation, the news stunned the golf world.
If you successfully complete a lesson — available courses include Spanish, French, Italian, German, Portuguese — there’s fanfare and you can proceed to the next lesson.
“There is something magical about doing things like this.”
Dr. Schwartz said college students were more at risk of suicide because they are at the age when psychiatric illnesses often begin to emerge, and must grapple with them during a stressful period when they are away from home.
The movements of refugees are a glimpse into the trouble spots of the world.
This wide range does not imply that the budget office made a mistake, though it looks to me as if it applied a higher job-loss estimate than is the current consensus among economists who’ve closely studied the issue.
In a study using avatars, scheduled to take place at the popular gaming facility Second Life, subjects will watch a digital version of themselves playing tennis and gradually getting thinner from the exertion.
The company has been a venture capital favorite, raising $100 million in a financing round in 2012.
They righted things quickly, and James was at the center of the action, notching 11 points, 2 rebounds and 2 assists in the first quarter.
Gox shows how difficult it is to find something that exists only in cyberspace when there are inadequate records about who actually owned the property.
Mr. De Niro held court in back with Sophia Loren, whose short film “Human Voice,” co-written and directed by her son and date for the evening, Edoardo Ponti, premiered at the festival.
An outlier was Greg Ferguson, the editorial director at Full Fathom Five, a publishing imprint that has been at work on a series of children’s books about a young boy named Little Shaq.
They are, respectively, called the eBay and Amazon of India.
“The whole family gets together, the living and the dead,” he said.
They are in a five-way tie for 11th, five shots behind the leader, Russell Henley, who is at 12 under par.
NOT sure what to do, I did what I always do when I am confused.
Probably not.” Beneath the glamour is an unbalanced economy in which girls generate far greater profit for men than their free drinks are worth.
HUGE, hulking, black and twisted, with the steep iron stairs in front, the high seat from which the king looks DOWN on everyone in the court ... my throne is a hunched beast looming over the throne room, ugly and assymetric ...
He cut the E.C.B.’s main refinancing rate to 0.15 percent from 0.25 percent and its deposit rate to minus 0.1 percent from zero, making it the first main central bank to charge big banks to keep their money on deposit.
Then there are other kinds of outdoor space: the rooftop garden is loved by some, although it is considered a notch below the terrace because of the inconvenience of having to walk up steps, while maisonettes offer ground-floor gardens that can be large but are often too dark, shadowed by the tall buildings that surround them.
Most obscure academics would, at this point in the story, detect enough sinister clues to exit stage left.
What crime did the girl in “The Red Shoes” commit to be made to dance until she begs to have her feet cut off?
Greg and I were grocery shopping when I finally asked about his dad.
Here, during his last days of a life going dark in the glorious light of Sun Valley, he certainly wasn’t.
So there you go.” The Uruguayans’ path forward now is clear.
A spokeswoman for the department said those veterans would be eligible for benefits dating back to their first denied claim.
In a statement she read aloud on Saturday, she said: “Our mission is to formally declare that we share the united belief that Officer Wilson’s actions on Aug. 9 were warranted and justified, and he has our unwavering support.
But he was promptly picked off.
They point out that their daily expenses are lower than at home.
In early January, however, Mr. Putin issued a decree saying protests would be permitted, but only with approval and in a specially designated area.
“It’s very upsetting to all the people, because we believe this church has the greatest potential for evangelization in this community.” Adding to the confusion for at-risk parishes is the shifting terminology used by archdiocesan officials.
In the United States, perhaps because of the secrecy surrounding ayahuasca use and the law, there have been no negative reports.
That kind of proselytizing aside, try the dish and see whether you think it’s any good.
“This ship is heading toward an iceberg and it needs to turn,” said Atul Goyal, an analyst at Jefferies, a brokerage firm.
In the wake of the Libor case, the antitrust leniency program has begun to take hold in financial services.
We don’t have an income inequality problem we have an opportunity inequality problem.” (Chris Christie) “The real problem of inequality is not the income gap between rich and poor, but the opportunity gap between Washington, D.C., and everybody else.” (Mike Lee) “The reason [Democrats] keep talking about income inequality is because they cannot talk about economic growth.” (Paul Ryan) By the way, Benghazi.
But he was with a group of mostly university students and young professionals, nearly all of them under 40 and without a direct connection to the soldiers killed here.
In the last week, as the same-sex weddings and legal standoff have propelled Ms. Hall into the news, she said, “The introvert in me is screaming.” But if any community in Colorado was going to step into this uncertain legal terrain, it was going to be Boulder.
No feelings or awareness whatsoever.
Lens is also on Facebook .
Mrs. Spinell tries on a red dress, and Katharina urges her to keep it.
“In these times, everybody should do their jobs,” he said in an interview at the time.
were applying one standard to conservative groups and another to liberal groups,” Mr. Joachim says.
“The buck stops with Commissioner Epps,” he said.
The virus then re-emerged much earlier in the season last October with a trickle of cases, and that trickle has now accelerated in January.
“I can’t imagine they won’t be on the side of innovation,” he says, “cloud-based innovation, in particular, because it is so consumer-friendly.” Mr. Kanojia does not fit the profile of a poor immigrant bootstrapper.
As different as they are in their style and their standing in a fiercely competitive sport, these two sons of jockeys formed a bond that became nearly unbreakable when Van Dyke’s father, Seth, committed suicide in August in Hallandale Beach, Fla.
It is “something bordering on the mysterious,” he wrote, for which “there is no rational explanation.” The best he could offer was that mathematics is “a wonderful gift which we neither understand nor deserve.” Dr. Tegmark, in his new book , “Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality,” turns the idea on its head: The reason mathematics serves as such a forceful tool is that the universe is a mathematical structure.
Ms. Diamond, 31, is keeping her name.
So hurrah that one of those women not only made it through to the finals but ended up victorious.
Ram pickup sales rose 30 percent, their best September.
In women’s play, top-seeded Serena Williams continued her pursuit of her first title in the tournament with a 6-2, 6-2 win over Flavia Pennetta.
Woodson said he planned to talk with Shumpert over the weekend to see if his confidence was lacking, and that felt familiar, too.
Monday is the first anniversary of their last win, 28-23 at Houston.
A stamp that belonged to a family in Jerusalem and dating from the 17th or 18th century was inked, applied to the skin and used as a stencil for a permanent tattoo.
She sought to balance the vast Patagonian landscape, glimpsed through doors and windows, and in outdoor scenes, with the crabbed interior world of the film, providing a “contrast with all the world of details — of the body, of experimentation” in Mengele’s notebooks.
But cultural differences also favor the market for the big luxury jets, it seems.
His mother is a psychologist for the New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies, in Manhattan.
“I think the site is important in terms of Miami, that doesn’t have much history, reclaiming its history,” said Marc Sarnoff, the chairman of the City Commission, who spearheaded the talks on the compromise.
If lawmakers want to keep those operations, they will have to scrounge for money from other sources.
(This would ensure that people with criminal histories are evaluated based on the same criteria as others.)
What magic do museum artifacts wield?
His 10-year sentence was commuted to time served as of Christmas 1921.
In the simplest of terms, Republicans made progress this year toward solving their demographic problems, but not enough.
Their place on the table was evidence of great good fortune and perhaps a heightened perception of the sweetness of life.
The average resident has “such bad credit,” Rolfe said, that it would be a deal-killer for most landlords running credit checks on potential tenants.
I like the way things are going right now.
He was disciplined for berating a student in 2012.
The eight-day trip in March includes five cities and dining in paladars (restaurants in people’s homes), meeting with chefs and participating in the art and culture of the island.
MIDDLETOWN Davison Art Center, Wesleyan University “Call to Action: American Posters in World War I.” Through Dec. 7.
Mr. Nieding, the shareholder representative, said it was a good sign that the royal family of Qatar had decided to buy €1.75 billion of the new shares “after looking deep into the books.” But Mr. Nieding also could not resist taking a jab at Deutsche Bank’s management.
In addition to yoga and meditative walks in the woods, Wellhouse will also offer more demanding exercise programs.
Instead of several intense days pounding on keyboards, they will just set up their systems and then watch with everyone else.
But it was economics, not artistic or political controversies, that put an end to Mr. Sefton’s tenure at UCLA by 2010.
“We use the lower part of the accelerator pedal for more of a smooth characteristic.” The 2015 Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric Drive.
These must include far-reaching trade and financial penalties that will be painful and costly to both sides.
The state’s two-year college system enrolls 2.3 million people, about a quarter of all community college students in America.
Some of the wells were used to arm the rebels and to fund aid operations,” he said, “but unfortunately the majority were robbed and exploited by thieves.”
So I’m not sure you can ever change that rule.” In a game already tarnished by diving and other theatrics, Eskandarian has a point.
Studies have found that deaf children from families who identify themselves as culturally deaf, and use American Sign Language, are generally on a par with hearing children in terms of reading, because they have been exposed to language since birth.
Rarely, however, do they split a family at Sunday dinner.
(Chertkov complained when the asparagus was ­wilted; Tolstoy went back to the merchant and returned with a fresh box.)
The police say Mr. Matthew eluded state police officers who were following him later that day.
In fact, the judge said, it was Ms. Jordan’s lawyers who decided against calling him.
Darlene Love would like it known that she is available at the holiday season to perform “ Christmas (Baby Please Come Home) ,” under certain conditions.
And a tribute to an artist who most memorably sang about summertime is not just on Alfred Molina’s wish list; tickets are already in hand.
His hot-pink driver, introduced to raise money for charities, attracts notice, which Watson does not mind until he starts to feel suffocated by the crowds.
She said at another point, “It’s hard for me to believe that they’re sincere since they have blocked every effort for an early-voter law, they’ve put a pretend early-voting bill up where it really doesn’t allow for early voting, they have pushed, all over this country, for voter ID.” The state has no provision that allows early voting; absentee voting is permitted if a voter provides a specific reason.
Now, despite the effort Brown has coaxed out of his talent-depleted roster, it appears the skeptics may have been right.
But we raise Morgan horses and Morgans are the Okinawans of equine longevity and so we didn’t lose Rosemary and Ivanhoe until each had reached 25.
The son of a distinguished obstetrician, William Worthy Jr. was born in Boston on July 7, 1921.
Of course, LG and Samsung aren’t the only big companies trying to make it in fitness tech.
She said that the Battle of Cartagena was virtually unknown in England.
While browsing in these collections, the theologian Schubert M. Ogden observed to me that both men had owned Paul Tillich’s three-volume “Systematic Theology.” “Too many theologians and philosophers who say they have read Tillich rarely ventured beyond the first volume,” he said.
But they are either minor ones in the scheme of things (does it first raise interest rates in March 2015, or June, or September?)
There are no beds and few bathrooms, and men and women are here together.” Down the hall, his nephew Muhammad al-Sultan, 26, had come with his wife and two young daughters on a donkey cart early in the morning after air attacks on his farmland.
She had her first child, Carlos, who was born with medical problems.
“We explained to people, ‘We want to work with local farmers, buy from local businesses, and hire local workers.
13-892, concerned Christopher Sepulvado, who was convicted of scalding and beating his 6-year-old stepson to death.
(Kid Cudi, Skrillex and others have opted for similar release tactics.)
The boy, Ahmet, has reunited with several of his old friends in these new neighborhoods.
Through everything, he worked on.
Wiggins will have competition for James’s affection: It was reported by multiple media outlets that the Miami Heat swapped two picks to acquire the rights to Shabazz Napier, who led Connecticut to the national championship and was taken at No.
“It says, ‘We don’t need Western models.’ Ultimately, it is all filtered through the exigencies of maintaining party power.” Since Mr. Xi became China’s Communist Party leader nearly two years ago, he has pursued unyielding policies against dissidents, ethnic minority unrest, corrupt officials and foreign rivals in territorial disputes.
He said that he bought a Nest thermostat, which connects your home’s temperature to the Internet, and then Google bought Nest.
He was forced out in 2002.
Republicans have long held strength in the state’s conservative metropolitan areas, which have experienced explosive population growth over the last decade.
Bruce G. Blair, a former Minuteman missile launch control officer, said missile officers routinely cheated, in part because the Air Force required them to score 100 percent on the proficiency tests.
It confirmed the death of the following American recently: WALKER, Jonathan D., 44, Maj., Army; Merriam, Kan.; Headquarters and Headquarters Company, Fourth Psychological Operations Group.
Humans can learn this trick too.
City hit back with a low shot inside the near post from Agüero (his last act before he hobbled off with a recurrence of the groin and hamstring injuries that have pained him all season).
One of the revolutionaries, a passionate Italian botanist named Léon Croizat, wrote that Darwin was “a very unhappy thinker,” “ congenitally not a thinker ,” “ essentially not a thinker ,” “not born a thinker,” “anything but a thinker” (italics Croizat’s).
Yes, but you know, in a family business those lines tend to get somewhat blurred.
A former F-16 pilot, General Breedlove commanded Air Force units in Europe before he was named the NATO commander in the spring of 2013.
The wild card for the Nets is a number of smaller moves by Billy King, the team’s general manager.
Prominent mutual funds that own mortgage bonds have typically participated in private settlements that have gained payouts that some hedge funds think are too small.
The maximum distance to a protected exit enclosure is 150 feet, which conforms to applicable codes, said Carl Krebs, a partner in Davis Brody Bond.
But she has been in shelters for two years, and between them her two oldest children have attended a total of eight different schools.
Updated, 10:13 a.m. Good morning on this soggy (but eventually sunny) Tuesday.
At dusk, little children are out on bikes, swarming like zippy gnats, if zippy gnats wore helmets.
The update was provided in a news release from Kelly on Thursday, less than a week after he had biopsies at the hospital.
The Chinese economy is slowing.
He said the defendant had first been hospitalized for paranoid schizophrenia 17 years before the murder — by Dr. Shinbach.
transplant center, the less likely they were to be on the waiting list.
Even graduates who have remained abroad often work on research projects or in international organizations that focus on Belarus.
An Alan Turing biopic is, all in all, a very welcome thing.
“He’s incredibly nice and appreciates you and wants to show it.” But I couldn’t silence my inner critic.
The jury last week found Trinity liable for fraud against the government and returned with a verdict for $175 million, which, by law, will be tripled to $525 million.
“We hope that the community recognizes that the process works.” Preparing for Monday’s events, several dozen demonstrators sat in a church sanctuary on Sunday morning for what amounted to a tutorial on tactics of civil disobedience.
Though the story bears some marks of a heroic quest, it is really a series of dreamy, expertly painted vignettes, set pieces both absurd and spectacular.
Then the grand marshal’s official aide, Mary Courtney , a marvelous Irish musician with the group Morning Star, will perform, joined by the Westchester District Pipe and Drum band.
But soon after the emotions came the analytics, leading to the big-picture consensus that the Red Sox were suddenly in better position to defend their title.
“What are those single moms and poor kids supposed to live off of?
does, networks willingly pay substantial increases.
“You don’t want to use them to speculate on high-risk investments.” The committee will also suggest that the designation take into account a person’s ability to demonstrate financial sophistication — beyond income — through the jobs they hold or through their educational backgrounds.
“Looking at this entire matter of torture and our criminal acts in isolation is a disservice not only to justice but honesty is well.” Personal experience working with victims of torture inspired one reader to lament the horror the United States has inflicted as a systematic program.
Almost all of that money comes from their Senate colleagues or candidates running for the Senate.
“They don’t spit as much in public places.” But backbreaking labor in Kuwait, Malaysia, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, the most popular destinations outside of neighboring India, has resulted in a troubling number of deaths.
In Douglas Maxwell’s comedy “A Respectable Widow Takes to Vulgarity,” a newly bereaved woman learns choice obscenities from her husband’s former employee.
“It brings out the best in them sometimes, but it’s not worth someone losing their life over it.”
You may get a principles judge, and it turns out that the principles the judge holds are the ones that make him say: ‘You lose.
This house, on a dead-end road, comes with five-and-a-half acres, most of them pasture, a size not atypical for the area.
Video shows a Douglass coach running excitedly along the sideline and appearing to unintentionally impede or bump one of the referees.
I never knew that we were pursuing his endorsement.” Governor Christie said he was told that the lanes were closed as part of a traffic study when he was asked about the problems at the George Washington Bridge.
In a few other cities, “micro-housing” is close to sheltering populations of the chronically homeless.
Or even farther afield, perhaps to an outpost in an industrial corner of São Paulo.
It’s not O.K.” Her lawyer, David H. Perecman, said the report seemed “bureaucratic,” and brought up other problems it did not mention, for example, the lack of a self-locking, alarmed door.
Packed with two 1,650-horsepower Mercury Racing engines and decorated with huge AMG decals, the boat has a top speed of about 140 m.p.h.
At 8 and 10 p.m., Jazz at Kitano, 66 Park Avenue, at 38th Street, 212-885-7119, kitano.com; $15 cover, with a $15 minimum.
Will the regulatory agency be effective?
“I have told him that people warned me at first that he would be callous or unresponsive to issues and values important to the Catholic community,” Cardinal Dolan said.
Readers have related how some of what I have written affects them, and their comments have also given me new topics to ponder.
“Path Puzzles provides original challenges that test your spatial and logical problem solving skills,” says the mathematical sculptor George Hart .
“I don’t think they can make it any easier,” Pressel said.
But above it all, each and every weekday, hovers another sound, wholly unexpected: the clear, clean notes of a concert grand piano, there in a far corner.
Mr. Ward took a drug overdose just before he was found guilty on two counts of living off immoral earnings and died a few days later.
ESPN’s year-ago totals also included income from British and Irish channels that Disney has since sold.
Tax collection began to increase early in 2013 and rose more sharply after the lottery began.
In contrast to the high-tech work stations in New Haven, Sosinski’s only work surface was a chest-high countertop by the boat’s front window that was always piled high with unopened mail, newspaper clippings, notebooks, tide charts and rolls of paper towel and electrical tape.
He went to war trying to understand something deeper about humanity.
The current generation, called sociometric badges, are only a bit thicker than a credit card, but they can detect location, movement and a speaker’s pitch and volume (words are not recorded).
Mr. Hahn had been a senior partner and managing director at Vivaldi Partners.
Fridays and Saturdays, 1 to 7 p.m.; Sundays, Mondays, Thursdays, 1 to 5:30 p.m. Lawrence Fine Art, 37 Newtown Lane.
This sad distinction now attaches to Guinea, a country of 11.5 million, in which the latest of Africa’s viral tribulations was reported by the World Health Organization, upon notification from Guinea’s Ministry of Health, on March 23.
“We are no longer relying on C.D.C.
I think because everything I was seeing was so new: the way the air was disturbed behind the flight of a bee, the way the trees seemed to respire, how the clouds and breeze and rocks and grass all existed in a kind of churning symbiosis.
Mr. Obama had first proposed direct talks in a letter to Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, in 2009.
Pro-Russian groups say people who tried to jump or run from the building were beaten.
“Hilary is more radical than I am,” Mr. Poulton said.
“Watching the other guys, I didn’t think going 100 percent was the way to get a medal,” Ligety said.
“If you’ve conditioned them to white noise, there’s every indication that they might not be as responsive as they otherwise should be to soft speech,” she said.
You won’t need much practice or memorization, and if you follow the video instructions closely you will look very clever indeed.
Lyubov Sherbakova, a clerk there, said she saw so much rebel hardware that even if she had seen a Buk, she would not have been able to distinguish it.
They all, Americans and Germans, knew what was at stake here, for the war and for themselves.
Mr. Carey said Ms. Castro orchestrated the robberies, finding the victims’ addresses and ordering the home invasions, but was not at any of the New Jersey crime scenes.
That summer shaped Carmichael, long before he became a household name and a synonym for black radicalism.
“It’s only a building,” said the New York art adviser Lisa Schiff, founder of Schiff Fine Art .
Georgette Roseke texted a friend before competing in the Sandburr Rodeo in Lisbon.
An explosion on Tuesday in a coal mine near the western town of Soma choked hundreds of miners to death.
Both justices omitted the first part of Justice Jackson’s sentence, which appeared in a 1948 dissent .
At Karma, “Julian Schnabel: Flag Painting” presents lighter fare that benefits from Mr. Schnabel’s talent for interior décor.
With Lee Brice and Cole Swindell.
“I misjudged Jonnie Williams,” Mr. McDonnell lamented.
Soon after the visit to the emergency room, Whalen woke one morning to a knock on the door.
JPMorgan Chase is serving as financial adviser to Forest, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is serving as its legal adviser.
Schoolchildren may be encouraged (at least rhetorically) to pursue their passions and cultivate their talents, but as they grow up, they are warned away from artistic careers.
But that did not make it easy — not for Woodland, Jordan Spieth, Pat Perez and so many others who squandered a good chance to win.
When temporary family needs — like the birth of a child, or an ill parent — result in job loss, their hardships skyrocket.
When a typical skier avalanche is triggered, it travels at about 30 miles an hour.
The arts center is still waiting to receive $99 million of the $100 million in federal funds that the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, which oversees the former World Trade Center site, had set aside for it; $1 million has been spent on staff.
Now, when many passengers would be skeptical of American — or any airline — declaring how wonderful it is, a campaign acknowledges that superiority is a destination to which American is still flying.
The demand for that is huge.” Ukraine’s troubles run deep.
It is hard to see what Mr. Erdogan gains by angering the Americans or by angering the Kurds in Iraq, the one Kurdish group with which Turkey has had good relations.
To bring the story to the stage “requires some invention.”
“We are madly in love,” she said, adding that they do not expect to marry but that she does have a ring.
He also noted that the new players participating in their first workouts as Yankees, including Jacoby Ellsbury and Carlos Beltran, might have been a factor as well.
“God, I hate Palo Alto,” she deadpans.
Mr. Goldner has long been a champion of the Transformers.
Oh well, I thought, can’t be a best seller forever.
Yogurt production happens to be a booming industry upstate.
In a state more accustomed to polite discussions across partisan lines, thousands of protesters marched outside his office for weeks; Democratic lawmakers fled the state to avoid a vote; and a series of back-and-forth recall efforts, including the one against Mr. Walker, followed.
A filmmaker who’s been shooting nuptials for years revisits some of his memorable subjects in “112 Weddings.” “The tension, pathos and affirmations of the interviews feel a little pale compared with the palpable joys and terrors of the original events,” writes our TV critic Mike Hale (9 p.m., HBO).
Boys wheel battered carts up sloppy paths, and women fry sardines in a drop of oil in gummy, tarred skillets.
The Florida Supreme Court ruled that the state’s law had established 70 as the cutoff, so Mr. Hall was not deemed mentally disabled.
It was a huge blow to the team, the country and the tournament.
Prosecutors have argued that Mr. Kammen is seeking disclosure of classified details that are irrelevant and would not help Mr. Nashiri’s defense, the standard for what must be disclosed under a 1989 appeals court precedent concerning classified evidence and criminal trials.
In the third quarter of 2013, three-bedroom units accounted for 42 percent of new development sales in Brooklyn, according to MNS, a real-estate marketing and research firm.
One visitor to Pigtown (a journalist for The New York Times) sneered at “shanties in which the pigs and the Patricks lie down together.” But no version of Manhattan is permanent.
Nassib has had some good moments, but the third-string quarterback Curtis Painter has completed each of the 10 passes he has thrown in the two preseason games and has made the offense seem more productive in those moments.
“It’s a little confusing right now.
“I ain’t got no quarrel with them Vietcong,” he said.
Partly, this reflects healthy employment growth despite a disappointing recovery, at least as measured by gross domestic product.
The price was $299,000, with monthly maintenance of $500.
Who were the handfuls in that bunch?
Mr. Gupta, who is selling some objects that appeared in that show, said that despite her art world success thus far, Ms. Thomas’s work offers a point of difference.
About the same time, Dr. Moerner, then at the University of California, San Diego, was working with a green fluorescent protein that had first been found in a glowing jellyfish, an advance that brought three researchers the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2008 .
Kathleen Marie Milazzo and Jay Travis Johnson were married Saturday evening at the Holy Family Catholic Church in Chicago.
She rode Top Decile, a 10-1 shot, to second in the Juvenile Fillies.
“Robin deals with the hand she’s dealt,” said Gayle King, a host of “CBS This Morning,” who visited Ms. Roberts frequently when she was in the hospital.
“It was like a luxurious museum,” Mr. Charlap said.
Paying taxes is rarely pleasant, but as April 15 approaches it’s worth remembering that our tax system is a progressive one and serves a little-noticed but crucial purpose: It mitigates some of the worst consequences of income inequality.
Despite a ban by the junta on gatherings of more than five people, hundreds of protesters assembled in Bangkok’s main shopping district and confronted a line of heavily armed soldiers.
“Until ’67 or ’68 mine was the only Mustang in Byron.
She also has worked with Felipe Zamorano Graffigna, a local D.J., and recently had a contemporary music professor demonstrate to students that “every sound is music — just like in our design process, everything is fashion.” Now she is beginning a collaboration with a botany professor to examine the natural process of decay in clothing.
Wedding-guest lists are carefully created.
Seoul Searching (Director and screenwriter: Benson Lee) — This is a comedy set in the ’80s about a group of foreign-born Korean teenagers who meet at a Seoul summer camp to learn what it means to be Korean.
Jan. 17 through Jan. 20.
(Isherwood) ‘The Deepest Man’ (closes on Saturday) “The Twilight Zone” meets media critique meets psychological portraiture in this thought-provoking experiment from 3-Legged Dog, a company known for integrating performance, video and effects.
BAM Rose Cinemas, 30 Lafayette Avenue at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, 718-636-4100, bam.org; $14.
She was hysterical and did things other mothers didn’t.
Well-financed efforts to clean up the bay have proved disappointing for decades, undercut by mismanagement and allegations of corruption.
“Gender” has been chosen as the 2013 word of the year in Poland.
The television show, produced by the website/media company/thought hub SoulPancake , uses the frenetic style of the videos but with a bit more story line and ambition.
Risk: Workload — His lack of size raises concern that he can physically handle the workload of a featured back.
But now they are desperate to be visible.
I was scheduled to be on one of the last flights out of White Plains, but a thunderstorm was causing a delay.
He might view a tweet or YouTube video mocking a prince or religious cleric.
Mr. Beckett, whose field of research includes robotic milling and synthetic biology, said he knew “next to nothing about fashion” — but the men had something in common: architecture degrees.
“We have supply waiting in the wings for any kind of incremental demand,” said Chris Faulkner, chief executive of Breitling Energy Corporation, a Texas oil and gas company.
In baseball, for instance, each team does not get to choose the umpires.
Here, in honor of New York Fashion Week, the SoHo resident lists a few of his go-to things and places around town.
The X Games helped increase the sales of energy drinks, sports equipment and apparel.
“If you ask my colleagues whether animals have emotions and thoughts,” says Philip Low, a prominent computational neuroscientist, “many will drop their voices to a whisper or simply change the subject.
“So we went to Bass Pro and we bought us some rods and reels.” Peavy said he was “trying to cut the wire tie that was holding them together, using the knife with my right hand and holding the rod with my left, and when I broke the wire tie, it struck the knuckle pretty good.” Peavy will not throw for three days, Red Sox Manager John Farrell said.
It appeared Hallion had made the incorrect call.
Dr. Auckly found the basic idea for the puzzle in the fraction section of Gordon Hamilton’s Math Pickle website while collecting problems and activities for the Navajo Nation Math Circle Project .
Mr. Snowden, who has been charged with espionage and other offenses in the United States, is currently in Russia.
Given the unlikelihood that a Democrat-sponsored bill would have a better chance of passing, Ms. Waters’s bill seems intended mostly as a marker for housing reformers on the left.
“Send for the Million Men” begins performances on Wednesday at Here.
But when he gets irritated and gets frustrated and gets ticked off, he’ll still get out there.” Dominique Hawkins, a freshman guard, said: “Oh, he jumps up and down when he’s mad.
Rob Affuso, who played drums in the heavy-metal band Skid Row, is the founder of Soulsystem Orchestras, an entertainment company, and also the leader of the band Soulsystem.
Mr. Paul said he favored “a fair trial with a reasonable sentence.” Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, said that if Mr. Snowden considered himself part of the “grand tradition of civil disobedience in this country,” he should return to stand trial.
“It set the rules of the game for the N.C.A.A.
Even defenders of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say the agency has hurt the case for trusting scientists, by making overly broad assurances early on, or changing guidelines on handling the disease, indicating that the earlier ones were not strict enough.
Some sort of arbiter of doom, this person smokes (“terrible habit,” he remarks), croons the Frank Sinatra standard “Time After Time,” and proffers a deal whereby either 1 or 2 might join him in whatever world lies beyond the hermetically sealed space that 1 and 2 call home.
In this one, it wasn’t whodunit that mattered, but how the heroes reunited to find him.
Six decades later, it was expected that Brazil, as the host nation, would finally vindicate itself in the eyes of the world.
His arrest was announced last week.
And selling one “Butterfly” painting from his own stock enabled him to make a down payment on a house in Los Angeles.
Just as it was last season when he played for the Boston Red Sox, Jacoby Ellsbury will see the first pitch of the Yankees’ season Tuesday.
The meeting should be sure to consider the use of drugs that are already approved for other diseases and are readily available.
The bond settlement, with the insurers Assured Guaranty , National Public Finance Guarantee and Ambac, applies only to a type of debt called “unlimited tax general-obligation bonds.” Although an out-of-court settlement does not establish legal precedent, the resolution of this type of debt could shed light on how it can be treated in other municipal bankruptcies, something of interest to the whole municipal market.
“Ai Weiwei has given us a very political, but also very aesthetically and a deeply spiritual exhibition,” said Mr. Ochs, who helped found the Friends of Ai Weiwei group, which has raised awareness of Mr. Ai’s situation with the German public and politicians.
“When you have people like that, less is always going to be more.” That aesthetic pervades the film.
According to a not-very-scientific online survey in 2003, carried out by the haggis manufacturer Hall’s of Broxburn, a third of American visitors to Scotland believed that haggis was an animal.
Antonio objects: “You enjoy your work, so it’s like you’re playing.
“I even offered him the possibility to stay home with his wife and family,” Vigneault said Wednesday.
The band got $35, and Mr. Katz and Mr. Cosby split the rest.
Nor do most of these jobs pay well or provide decent benefits.
“He does come to my shop, he did want to give me this opportunity,” he said, “but I do feel like he might have been using me.
The Russian scene painter Vladimir Polunin, who helped paint the curtain, wrote that Picasso wore slippers so he could stand on the canvas as he worked.
They then had to figure out how to make the snacks palatable to a wider, sober audience.
But the focus has shifted to what is distinctively local, and thankfully, American wine drinkers may have gotten past the point of being drawn in by some 100-point cabernet from Portugal.
How can you try not to try?
Seamon-Molson (South), showing excellent hand evaluation, jumped to three diamonds, and North raised to game.
The local poet Gerallt Lloyd Owen recorded both events in popular poems.
American independent cinema is a confusing, contradictory and maybe useless designation.
It’s also about yearning for a happy family.
While working in El Paso, they bought land for a home in the mountains of New Mexico, but then worried that the location might be too remote as they aged.
He is expected to do almost everything for the Heat — rebound, defend players who are bigger or quicker, run the offense and lead fast breaks.
With players like Jordan Reed and Martellus Bennett being drafted 10th and 11th among tight ends near the very end of drafts, Ebron would have to put up a season along the lines of Antonio Gates’s 872-yard, 4-TD season last year, which placed him ninth among tight ends, to be fantasy relevant.
She said the people who mistreated her included a founder of the company.
Interestingly, though, the funniest people don’t live longer.
Acid attacks are not as common in Iran as in India and Pakistan.
Pew surveyed 535 American adults employed full-time or part-time in September using a nationally representative online research panel.
At home, Caroline’s flimsy excuses for her absences fool no one, and in the movie’s most unsettling moment, Philippe calmly lets her know that he is aware of her affair.
Ms. Bogart commissioned four playwrights — Kia Corthron, Will Power, Carl Hancock Rux and Regina Taylor — to contribute scenes and monologues dramatizing or riffing on the story.
The driver used a fire extinguisher in an attempt to extinguish the blaze.
Everything was framed in terms of darkness and light, wounding and healing, death and rebirth.
As David found, we published a number of papers So that’s how it started… I like to use magic as a way of illustrating what maths is…trying to find the hidden order in what seems to be randomness.
Bringing together insights from psychology, behavioral economics, evolutionary biology and philosophy, Bloom, a Yale psychologist, says we don’t begin life as blank slates but are in fact hard-wired with “moral foundations” that allow us to judge the actions of others, feel empathy and compassion, and soothe those in distress.
Local 1199 of the Service Employees International Union, the health care workers’ union, which gave Mr. de Blasio critical support, made it clear soon after his election that it wanted Ms. Mark-Viverito to become speaker.
A Palestinian teenager stabbed two middle-age Israeli men at a supermarket in the occupied West Bank on Wednesday afternoon, the Israeli police said, wounding them moderately before being shot by an off-duty security guard who was shopping there.
“People will say, ‘My granny’s going on a cruise to Antarctica.’ But I’m trying to explain that the journey Scott died trying to achieve still hadn’t been finished.” When Mr. Saunders and Mr. L’Herpiniere set off on their 1,800-mile Scott Expedition, they pulled about 440 pounds of food, fuel and other essentials.
Early reviews have singled out Mr. Cage for praise.
Unmarried middle-aged Cousin Ermengarde comes to live at the house.
The Macy’s investigation included a review of complaints since 2007 from 18 minority shoppers who claimed they had been improperly detained at the Herald Square store.
Quinoa imports began to surge around 2008, doubling from 2006, according to the Whole Grains Council .
“We are heartened that our Russian colleagues have joined us in demanding the end of the use of indiscriminate weapons like barrel bombs,” she told reporters after the vote, “and how all the parties, but particularly the regime, need to stop using food and medicine as a weapon of war.” Diplomats said the next test for Russia would come after the United Nations submits its first monitoring report in 30 days.
Death is purification, a cleansing, a cure.” They can also be hokey.
His focus for now, Mr. Christie told guests, would be doing right by the people of New Jersey.
take their course.” Scott Rosner, a sports business professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania said: “Clearly the N.H.L.
It went over the defenders and was heading toward the net until goalkeeper Adrian plucked the ball from the air.
Judge Kleinfeld added: “Were the statute limited to protecting fetuses from unnecessary infliction of excruciating pain before their death, Arizona might regulate abortions at or after 20 weeks by requiring anesthetization of the fetuses about to be killed, much as it requires anesthetization of prisoners prior to killing them when the death penalty is carried out.” Arizona is one of 12 states that have tried to ban most abortions at 20 weeks based on the theory of fetal pain, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
own a big piece of the turf in the fight for marriage equality.
The White House had announced that King would attend the opening ceremony, which is on Friday, in a group that also included the former secretary of homeland security Janet Napolitano.
The migrants were told that the cargo was too dangerous and that they should wait for the next train that night, which they did.
The pastor applied the Scripture to our lives: “Say it out loud!” he shouted.
Still, Mr. Werner added, “if you want to increase your chances of finding fellow gays, head downtown to Liberty Avenue or to the Shadyside or Lawrenceville neighborhoods.
It is easy to forget that.” In decades past, back when big studios still dominated the Oscars, classic stars tended to fill the nomination roster: Jack Nicholson, Jane Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Michael Caine, Paul Newman, Dustin Hoffman.
(Denver Broncos defensive tackle Terrance Knighton was among the few who did.
Music Mountain, 225 Music Mountain Road.
“The world thinks innovation is all about technology,” she says, “but for me, the future is handmade.” “The Barefoot Designer: A Passion for Radical Design and Community” is on view April 17 – Sept. 1 at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, 280 the Fenway, Boston, Mass.
After a shoot is done, Mr. Li tells the bride he needs to add one last kissing scene.
“I do think it’s well overtime to have a female Doctor Who,” Helen Mirren told the British morning show “Daybreak,” before the announcement.
She then drove to the New Hampshire lake near where we had once owned a vacation house.
He is a son of Norma J. Reineke and Robert A. Reineke of The Villages, Fla. His mother retired as the secretary from Nevin Coppock Elementary School in Tipp City, Ohio.
Mikko Koivu, Dany Heatley and Jared Spurgeon also scored for the Wild, who will face the defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks in the second round.
“Amadeus,” Mike Nichols and William Hurt, Jeremy Irons.
“He’ll swell up like, ‘I’m mad,’ and you’ll back off,” he said.
A recent report by the Electoral Reform Alliance, a group of independent local and international nongovernmental organizations, describes massive irregularities, including fraudulent voter registries, which may have disenfranchised 1.25 million eligible voters.
Meanwhile, Spain is blaming Morocco for a surge of some 1,000 migrants that made it across the Strait of Gibraltar on calm seas within a single 48-hour period last month.
“Fifty years from now, when homosexuals are still scuttling about as the back-alley vermin of society, cross-dressing will be as everyday as cigarette smoking,” Mr. Birney’s character says.
Dip them into the smudge of celery aioli served alongside the dish and you have a classy tuna fish salad.
Walk along the bucolic lawns to the National Portrait Gallery and take a light bistro lunch in the cafe by the lake.
Filled with the Christmas spirit, they shared it.
Though they won’t give up, Judge Friedman’s well-reasoned decision deserves to be upheld.
Other bureaucratic blunders have been less amusing.
If the M&C Saatchi experience in New York is a cautionary tale, no one told an Australian agency, Cummins & Partners , which announced last week that it had opened an office in New York.
The plant has three silos of cement and hoppers filled with the sand and stone to be mixed with it.
When I first saw the edited version of this crossword, I couldn’t tell which one of my puzzles it was, since Will’s brilliant “Cooler idea?” and “One stocking bars” clues completely eluded me!
The big news of this collection, though, is Shure’s formidable, tremendously exciting performance of Brahms’s First Piano Concerto, recorded live at Carnegie Hall in 1960 with Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic.
It will be the first time he will comment publicly since the report’s release.
Devin Williams, West Virginia’s star freshman, had a season-high 22 points.
She became the city’s first female detective .
The 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall in November brought back memories of the optimism that accompanied the collapse of the Soviet empire.
That doesn’t feel right.” About a third of the state legislatures in the country had written rules for how lawmakers, staff members and visitors were supposed to dress when they were on the statehouse floor, according to a 2006 survey by the National Conference of State Legislatures , the most recent nationwide look at the issue.
And while Ryan himself may have been devalued — although I’m not even sure of that — there will be others.
Last month, they had a serious debate in the House on whether the governor should be impeached for allowing same-sex married couples to file joint tax returns.
In August, Vedomosti broke the news that the country’s oil giant, Rosneft, had asked the government for a $41 billion bailout to help weather sanctions from the West.
The production frenzy here and other shale fields in West Texas and North Dakota, all made possible by horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, techniques that crack oil and gas out of hard shale rock with blasts of water, sand and chemicals, has lowered the country’s dependence on imported oil by more than a third in recent years.
“We could push out a new character moment every day of the year,” said Jim Mainard, head of digital strategy and new business development for DreamWorks.
In a separate blog post, the I.M.F.
In 2007 Hussey watched law enforcers confront partying young people who were trashing the station, denouncing France and “taking on the whole world around them — the police, the train authorities, passers-by.” Nineteenth-century imperialists spoke of France’s “civilizing ­mission”; Hussey calls what he witnessed “anticivilization in action.” (Torching cars is an “anticivilization” favorite; in March the daily Le Figaro reported 30,000 burned in 2013.)
“Lilting” is about connections made and missed, and it opens with Kai’s visiting his mother at the old-age home where he has parked her in London.
Tuesdays through Fridays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Saturdays and Sundays from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Boerum Place and Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn Heights, 718-694-1600, mta.info/mta/museum; $7, $5 for 2 to 17 and 62+, free for members and on Wednesdays for those 62+.
They panhandle, wash windshields and sometimes steal to get by, buying hits of methamphetamine and heroin that go for 50 pesos a dose, just under $4.
As more children spend more time online, sleep time inevitably suffers.
Having seen it once, will Verdi fans, even those deeply affected by the production, want to see it again?
Ethan liked telling stories, but his family members didn’t like that about him.
It is this blank that fills the frame of Kit’s midlife crisis.
Mr. Newell said he was impressed with the faucet but could not imagine installing it in the modest apartment that he rents.
CD sales continued their long plunge, down 14 percent to 165 million.
His departure from Harvard was also abrupt.
This abrogates international conventions we have signed and undermines our credibility as a humane country.
“The way it was explained to me is, we didn’t know what was going to happen so we didn’t want to step too far out to start hiring people and then find out we couldn’t pay them.” Mr. Obama is likely to name a permanent Secret Service director within the next few months.
For men, the decline has been occurring since the 1960s, when only about 5 percent of those between the ages of 25 and 54 did not work.
The department would also be asked to establish the website, creating a system that “allows city agencies or public authorities to post public responses” to the petitions.
In his first strongman competition, he shattered a long-held record in an event that essentially measures the distance a competitor can walk while carrying a boulder.
Housed in a business incubator and accelerator in a 10th-floor penthouse on Sunset Boulevard, the agency’s open office is divided up by what appears to be the side of an airplane that’s been dipped in chrome.
Here’s what else you need to know for Thursday.
He has also recorded an audio tour in which he delivers a rollicking commentary that dives back 400 years to the origins of the walls of Peking, fast-forwards to the 1930s and, for context, gives some barbed insights into the current state of affairs in Beijing.
Not far away, many of his former players gathered for lunch, just as stunned.
The above are must-sees, though en route you’ll pass things you will want to linger over, too: an operatic religious scene by the Rococo painter Corrado Giaquinto; a glorious flower-strewn Iznik bowl from Turkey; John Singleton Copley’s portrait of the Boston merchant Nicholas Boylston, as chipper as a sparrow in his silk turban and gown; a great late Philip Guston painting and one by Kerry James Marshall, highlights of a middling contemporary collection; and, perched on a column in a courtyard arcade, a 16th-century bronze head of a Benin king from Nigeria.
Hancock’s artillery hurled death into the ranks of the rebel infantry, and one battery deployed right up against the breastworks blasted directly into the faces of the Confederates.
All retired players could receive tests that would help doctors monitor their health and assess whether they are eligible for payouts in the future.
When acting is this focused, your own vision seems to improve miraculously.
“His passion for New York, for his roots in Brooklyn, for the game — he wears it on his sleeve,” said Pat LaFontaine, who played for Vairo on the 1984 Olympic team.
And Blenheim has no business offering nine-course tastings unless it is ready to provide pajamas and sleeping bags.
John Cameron Mitchell and Stephen Trask’s influential cult musical about the rocker chick from East Berlin with the Farrah Fawcett tresses and the botched transgender surgery ran more than two years in its original 1998 Off Broadway incarnation.
To the extent that retailers can increase your impatience for reward or otherwise evoke a sense of urgency in you, your belief that a pleasurable expenditure is worthwhile increases, while the rewards of saving and investing that money appear more and more distant.
In Yugoslavia, 60,000 women were abused between 1992 and 1995.
Ashton B. Carter’s formal nomination to be secretary of defense is expected in the next few days once the White House completes the vetting process.
For one thing, the current headquarters, known as the Bloomberg Tower, did not open until 2004, while Mr. Bloomberg was working at City Hall.
Perhaps even a little sad.
Now he will be expected to play some sort of oversight role in the continuing inquiries after he assumes his new role next month.
But no one can deny that these union workers savor something that is all too rare in the retail industry right now: guaranteed minimum hours — for part-time and full-time employees — and predictable schedules.
But then it’s off to another uninvolving side story or easily guessed mini-mystery, as “Reckless” returns to the not-at-all-sultry land of vacuity.
Embedded in the malicious code were the names of Sony servers and administrative credentials that allowed the malware to spread across Sony’s network.
The awards were created by Internet billionaires at Google, Facebook and Alibaba to give science some glitz.
After Mr. Fowle’s release, the United States urged North Korea to free the remaining two Americans.
“Corrupt employees may try to compromise the integrity of professionals,” the Texas Department of Criminal Justice trainer told his mostly young recruits — nine men and eight women — during a training session here in South Texas in October 2013.
Behind him, the Sing Sing House Band picked up momentum, and the audience clapped and sang along as Mr. Duggins closed his eyes, swung his arms and said that, even from behind the prison walls, “you heard it, man, life is beautiful.”
I tried not to think of all the micro-organisms and parasites I would be inhaling.
But in 2013, with the shift, the sum of players involved in double plays was 419, the fourth most in the league.
Kyle Sullivan, 19, a student at Santa Barbara City College, told CNN that he saw three women sprawled in the grass in front of the Alpha Phi sorority house.
official, said, “The surge only becomes realized when those beds are up and operating and the workers are delivering care.” He added, “If even the medium case comes to pass, with, say, 700,000 cases by January, the epidemic will quickly overwhelm the capabilities that the U.S. plans to send.” The W.H.O.
Eugene O’Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, 800-432-7250, telecharge.com.
A house salad with champagne-ginger dressing was straightforward; a super crabby jumbo-lump crab cake, ringed with a dark liquid that seemed to mimic A1 sauce, could have had a better sear on it.
He asked her to click on a link that brought up an image of Billy Idol in a scene from “The Wedding Singer” (one of Ms. Gutterman’s favorite movies), making an announcement on an airplane just before Adam Sandler sings “Grow Old With You” to Drew Barrymore.
But Mr. Gore asserted that state officials simply won’t acknowledge what he sees as the clear reason behind Oklahoma’s improvement relative to other states.
For many of the roughly 5,400 union members that a strike would affect, the knocks tend to rankle.
Gary J. Schmitt is the co-director of the Marilyn Ware Center for Security Studies at the American Enterprise Institute.
She said parties at the building were not particularly loud or out of control.
What’s really happening fast is the demographic transition, with Europe very quickly turning Japanese: And the US, although growing faster, also turning down sharply.
Ms. Zhu was most recently a managing director and the chief China equity strategist at Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong, where she worked for the past eight years.
The writers probably thought Jeter would have plenty of time to win an M.V.P.
He is the son of Marlene M. Meek and Donald A. Meek of Brier, Wash.
Countries like Ireland and Iceland developed large banking systems and were hailed for finding high-paying, nonpolluting jobs.
His five British Open titles, including four at Scottish venues, have rendered him an honorary Scot.
It is also true that Fatah has renounced violence, recognized Israel and cooperated for years in administering the West Bank through the Palestinian Authority.
Towne Crier Cafe, 379 Main Street.
Let me look into this,’ ” Mr. LaHood recounted.
“This was merely a demonstration that it is possible to have a cell containing man-made DNA building blocks survive and reproduce,” he tells us.
Naming Fox or MSNBC in response to a question like the one Pew used may thus be more of a marker of tribal affiliation than a direct measure of news consumption.
It’s unrealistic to expect that from them.”
As for apartheid in the occupied territories, we need not repeat, ad nauseam, descriptions of the wall, the checkpoints and the settlements and roads intended only for Jewish settlers.
But that trust began to erode with the Edward Snowden affair, it eroded further during our non-attack on Bashar al-Assad last fall, and recent events in Ukraine and Iraq have essentially made Obama’s position irrecoverable: His approval rating on foreign policy is around 35 percent in most recent polling .
He struck out six and walked one.
His father farmed in Korea, before moving the family to the Bronx, where he cultivated vacant lots.
Qualcomm, which sells wireless technology and is one of the world’s biggest chip makers, has been the subject of an antitrust investigation in China since late last year related to patent licensing and pricing of smartphone chips.
In the N.F.L., where seemingly every attribute is scrutinized in the weeks and months before the draft, that’s not nearly enough — they measure the hand itself.
Major League Baseball’s medical director, Dr. Gary Green, said in a subsequent interview that six minutes were adequate for a proper evaluation, a contention several concussion experts disputed.
Since the video in the cable car is so difficult to reach, “You have to really want to do it,” he said.
In my romantic fantasies, my lover brings me aspirin and touches a cold cloth to my head.
“None of us knew there was any device like that,” Mr. Fahel was quoted as saying .
In Mr. Almodóvar’s world, pain is never far from passion; “Dolores” never commits to either.
The airplane, an Airbus A300, also carried a system that automatically called out height during approach, but it was turned off.
French lawmakers debated on Friday a nonbinding motion to recognize a Palestinian state, following similar moves in other European nations amid increasing criticism of Israeli policies in Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
That’s far from clear: there are a number of reasons to believe that high levels of inequality have adverse effects on economic growth – and evidence to that effect is coming not from fringe leftists but from places like the IMF .
Amenities like drugstores and supermarkets are still lacking downtown, although Heinen’s, a local grocery chain, plans to open a 33,000-square-foot supermarket this fall some five blocks away from the Hanna as part of the renovation of a former bank building.
“Science Fiction Pulp Art.” Through Oct. 6.
Translated by Jeffrey M. Green.
The election is unusual by any standard.
Nutritional information per serving (4 serving): 360 calories; 19 grams fat; 5 grams saturated fat; 2 grams polyunsaturated fat; 10 grams monounsaturated fat; 154 milligrams cholesterol; 37 grams carbohydrates; 8 grams dietary fiber; 220 milligrams sodium (does not include salt to taste); 15 grams protein Nutritional information per serving (6 servings): 240 calories; 13 grams fat; 3 grams saturated fat; 1 gram polyunsaturated fat; 7 grams monounsaturated fat; 103 milligrams cholesterol; 24 grams carbohydrates; 5 grams dietary fiber; 147 milligrams sodium (does not include salt to taste); 10 grams protein Martha Rose Shulman is the author of “ The Very Best of Recipes for Health .”
Twitter resisted the request but was ultimately ordered to turn over the information.
But in January 2013, he had more pressing concerns.
The first person to warm to Mr. Spitz’s marathon scheme was Sutton, then the Manhattan borough president and a supporter of the marathon in Central Park, which had begun in 1970 .
It was when I walked into the large tropical bird that I first sensed that things had gone awry in my old house.
The Belgian dance company Rosas will present four seminal works by its founding choreographer, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker, and she will dance in three of them.
This can be particularly important when we are in circumstances that make us feel awkward or uncomfortable.
They joke, playfully call him names, respond cheekily on his behalf.
We’ll have to see what fresher numbers show, now that Uber and peers like Lyft are operating, along with an expanding fleet of green taxis, which are permitted to respond to passengers hailing cabs on the streets outside the most lucrative Manhattan districts.
His work can be found at www.pableaux.com.
The thickly layered movie offers up generous, easy pleasures with jolts of visual beauty, bursts of humor, swells of song and many shots of a dog, Roxy , but it will provide other satisfactions with repeat viewings.
Friday at 7 p.m.; Saturday at 11 a.m. and 2 and 4:30 p.m.; Sunday at noon and 3 p.m.; this Thursday at 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.; New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, 212-239-6200, gazillionbubbleshow.com; $55 to $75; lap seats for ages 2 and under are $20, cash only, at the box office.
“I think Washington is going to have to come to terms with what it might mean and prepare for that,” said William Stanton, director of the Center for Asia Policy at National Tsing Hua University in Hsinchu, Taiwan, and a former director of the American Institute in Taiwan.
After Katrina, all the plaster had to go, along with a sizable amount of exterior cladding.
“Last year I felt like I was commuting so much and still missing out,” said Ms. Mosheim, whose son, now in college, remained at the same day school from kindergarten through 12th grade, a place where she knew every teacher, every parent.
While it seems I’m not alone in my quest to kill my inbox, some readers offered a few suggestions, like websites that can help manage the influx of messages and looking at my inbox less often.
Global deal volume in 2013, at $2.4 trillion, was off 6 percent from the previous year, according to Thomson Reuters.
Anyway, I suspect that many women are thrilled to find clothes that promise more wear, given the money they’re spending.
The cache, five boxes of material, is available to scholars in the Library of Congress Performing Arts Reading Room .
And the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Yukiya Amano, said in an interview last week that no one should expect a complete historical accounting.
Many of these early efforts were sours, matching the apple brandy with other spirits and lemon juice.
Justice League NYC met last week with Eric T. Schneiderman, the state attorney general, and is seeking a session with Gov.
Later, after Ginobili barely grazed the front of the rim on a long jumper, James capitalized with a 3-pointer.
Both then and now, I remind myself that no matter the pain, the victory will be worth it.
A taxi driver was sentenced this year to two and a half years after his passenger recorded on his phone a conversation with the driver that a court deemed insulting to the monarchy.
Damages (plural) refers to money paid as compensation for legally judged injury; we wanted the singular form here.
Some who attended the hearing were disappointed that the judge was no longer talking about suing the two banks.
Most novel is that of Ms. Amanpour, half English and half Iranian, who spent her first 11 years in an Iran ruled by Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi yet somehow threw herself long distance into the culture of Southern California.
The United States has not ratified the Rome Statute that established the court, and it has long been leery of any efforts that could lead to American service members’ being dragged into a global tribunal for war crimes.
“To the extent states wish to avoid a politicized judiciary,” he added, “they can choose to do so by not electing judges.” The new case comes from Florida, where Lanell Williams-Yulee, a candidate for the county court in Hillsborough County, which includes Tampa, was reprimanded and made to pay $1,860 in court costs for signing a fund-raising letter.
I admit it.” Harrison sat next to Calipari as the coach spoke.
Lebanon hosts more refugees per capita than any country since famine-stricken Ethiopians flooded Somalia 34 years ago.
The new technology has given rise to a whole new language — gestational carrier, instead of surrogate mother, “intended parents,” “collaborative reproduction.” Instead of bonding with the baby, “the gestational carrier bonds to the parents, and that’s what we want to have happen,” Ms. Hinson said.
Brokers expect those numbers to continue to climb.
The team, which had been projected to finish with one of the worst records in N.B.A.
“The situation overall is tense, but the militia are ready to defend Donetsk.
The publisher, Enlightenment, survived the education ministry’s culling almost untouched.
“The system is broken,” Jason Ehrenberg, Mr. Tate’s lawyer, said outside the courthouse at the Washington Navy Yard after the judge’s ruling.
The mayor noted the changes his administration has made, including ending the use of solitary confinement for 16- and 17-year-old inmates.
I share his desire to keep moving and his sense that there’s probably something better waiting at the next stop.
“Elsa & Fred” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
Aug. 13 at 8 p.m. $20.
The 30-man roster (all clubs listed are in the Bundesliga, unless otherwise noted): Goalkeepers Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich), Roman Weidenfeller (Dortmund), Ron-Robert Zieler (Hannover); Defenders Jérôme Boateng (Bayern Munich), Erik Durm (Dortmund), Kevin Grosskreutz (Dortmund), Benedikt Höwedes (Schalke), Mats Hummels (Dortmund), Marcell Jansen (Hamburg), Philipp Lahm (Bayern Munich), Per Mertesacker (Arsenal/England), Shkodran Mustafi (Sampdoria/Italy), Marcel Schmelzer (Dortmund); Midfielders Lars Bender (Leverkusen), Julian Draxler (Schalke), Matthias Ginter (Freiburg), Leon Goretzka (Schalke), Mario Götze (Bayern Munich), Andre Hahn (Augsburg), Sami Khedira (Real Madrid/Spain), Toni Kroos (Bayern Munich), Max Meyer (Schalke), Thomas Müller (Bayern Munich), Mesut Ozil (Arsenal/England), Lukas Podolski (Arsenal/England), Marco Reus (Dortmund), André Schürrle (Chelsea/England), Bastian Schweinsteiger (Bayern Munich); Forwards Miroslav Klose (Lazio/Italy), Kevin Volland (Hoffenheim).
The operations of Solidarity were suspended and its leaders arrested.
The lower house approved the legislation over the weekend.
The first subway line of New York, the No.
Many Democratic Senate candidates distanced themselves from the president, and it is unclear whether that discouraged his most ardent supporters.
His conviction was vacated, and the fine he had paid was returned.
There was too much instruction from the coach and altogether too much hands-on advice.
And it’s often something they did not want to face.
A number of artifacts belonging to the men – naval buttons, shoes, smoking pipes – were also found.
He got a profit-sharing clause there, too.
A Sunday night whole hog family-style supper is a Brooklyn-only feature.
“This is another step on a long road, being fought by a D.A.’s office more interested in justifying wrongful convictions than correcting them,” he said.
designated it an orphan drug, approving it for the treatment of infantile spasms, a relatively rare syndrome that develops in children under 2 years old and that can result in delayed development.
All the familiar stories are here: the disappointing losses in his final two N.C.A.A.
Anonymous The best solution here is to use just the parents’ names on the outer envelope and use the inner envelope to specify which members of the family are included in the invitation.
One of those growers, Ibis Rice, is trying to improve the traditional perceptions of Cambodian crops.
Paralyzed from the waist down, she never danced again.
Both authors are following up award-winning Y.A.
They outfitted their first conservation drone and reported on the surveys of the rain forest they conducted with it.
That’s why he’s a great artist: He has a voice and knew how to tap into it.” At the time Berns was active, hyphenated songwriting teams, usually with the responsibility for lyrics and music clearly divided, dominated a scene centered on the Brill Building: Bacharach-David, Barry-Greenwich, Goffin-King, Leiber-Stoller, Mann-Weil.
As you carefully descend into the city, you get a better feel for your surroundings.
(Mr. Silver’s father is a photographer, and his mother has been an English-as-a-second-language teacher.)
It’s that you know so much.
That’s thanks to the convergence of four giant forces: São Paulo, Brazil, went dry; China and the United States together went green; solar panels went cheap; and Google and Apple went home.
This makes it even harder for the Republicans to claim the presidency by focusing on them, since there are relatively few Hispanic voters in the battleground states that determine who wins the Electoral College.
What are three things that everyday Americans can do to empower themselves in today’s political and social climate?
They are grouped loosely according to subject matter and size.
On Wednesday, the conservancy will announce the winner, a chair called Fleurt.
Ladarius Green, TE (SD) — Antonio Gates’s 3 catches for 28 yards and a touchdown against San Francisco is an unfriendly reminder to those banking on a major Green breakout that the old man is not going away any time soon.
It’s just a mantle that the schools put on themselves.” It is a mantle colleges cherish, a label that they hope shows them to be egalitarian, elite but not too elitist, and they give it up with great reluctance.
The answer, I’d suggest, is an excess of virtue.
The Enchanted Garden All-Stars Band, world music.
A colleague found perfect compliance and timing with her small order.
Yet, for all its topical gloss and technobabble, it also draws from older, familiar preoccupations about the nature of being, which, along with Mr. Pfister’s eye and largely smooth handling of his actors, accounts for its modest pleasures.
So I did something crazy: I bought a Retina 5K iMac of my own.
Whichever player comes out on top in this confrontation of sorcerer and apprentice will very likely also determine the final resting place of the Heineken European Cup.
Many of the improvements to the 1919 building, which for decades housed The New Yorker magazine near Fifth Avenue in Midtown, have received approval from multiple agencies.
The brokers had touted their incredible “reach,” but only 18 parties showed up over two weekends.
Did the house burn down?
“Could that be macramé?” one thought, cocking an eye at skirts flared in the classic Dior manner.
“You know, in the United States, we already have over 2.2 million miles of pipeline.
One of the chief reasons the NATO allies want to keep some forces in Afghanistan is to help the Afghan Army and the police master logistics, which includes paying salaries on time.
A teenager who was shot in the back took a taxi to a hospital in West Palm Beach, Fla. , Thursday night.
“We expect the president to be big and bold,” he said.
Officers in the bureau, responsible for patrolling the city’s 334 projects, contend with some of the city’s most entrenched crime, particularly tit-for-tat shootings among youth crews, many of which are tied to particular housing projects.
DVD extras include a selection of her 1950s “wiggle movies.” “No life is seamless, and not every biographical portrait needs to be, but this one is so riddled with awkward transitions, including on the soundtrack, that it tends to lurch distractingly, as if Mr. Mori were still trying to figure out how to piece the whole thing together,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The New York Times in November.
Instead, he punched in random numbers because he was curious to see the fraudulent call through to its end.
Thursdays, noon to 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m. Blue Door Gallery, 13 Riverdale Avenue.
Ryan Galt, a blogger who writes frequently about Bitcoin and was one of the first to circulate the news about Mt.
It’s rare, however, that families consider the possibility of giving a child a running start on retirement savings.
“They have been as good as anyone we’ve dealt with from a business-friendly perspective,” he said of Exxon Mobil’s Qatari partners.
More troubling is a footnote in which Korda likens the burning of Atlanta in “1865” (actually 1864) and William T. Sherman’s March to the Sea to the firebombing of Dresden in 1945.
I got all that out of my system, and then some.
But many of the Lechuguilla bacteria would not die.
Instead, he recreated “the feeling of a grand old family home so that a guest room doesn’t feel like a hotel room,” he said.
He was inducted by Art Garfunkel, who offered some musical analysis and said, offhandedly, “He’s better than Paul Simon.” Mr. Islam, his voice still hearty, sang “Peace Train,” “Wild World” and “Father and Son,” a young man’s idea of an old man’s advice, with the predictive line, “I know I have to go.” Brian Epstein, who managed the Beatles in the 1960s, and Andrew Loog Oldham, who then managed the Rolling Stones, were inducted as nonperformers.
(Chinen) Dezron Douglas Black Lion Quartet (Friday) A bassist with a deep and soulful sound, Dezron Douglas has started making his name as a bandleader, notably with a strong recent album featuring David Bryant on piano.
A licensed pilot and a collector of exotic aircraft, he lives on an estate in Woodside, Calif., valued at over $100 million, and maintains several other properties, as well as a yacht nearly the length of a football field.
The brokenhearted Crystal Bukowski proves a welcome distraction and rather adept at Tantric sex.
They did have some theories about other psychologists’ work subjecting dogs to random electric shocks until their will to resist was completely broken.
“I saw I was not perverted, only misplaced.” She: She felt lonely.
“I wasn’t really dating anyone.
But a rigorous new experiment in Oregon has raised questions about that assumption, finding that newly insured people actually went to the emergency room a good deal more often.
Two suspects, 18 and 19, were charged with murder.
At that point, the share of such families falling below the poverty line doubles.
Mr. Duka’s profile of Bruce Weber, the fashion photographer, in 1982.
But sometimes we must use softer power.
The Fathom-Rhino presentation will be the first screening of the entire recording, with sound remastered from the original audio tapes.
Knowing how much money will come in under Proposition 1 could be a challenge, Mr. Clark said, given that the amount will vary with oil drilling activity.
In three terms, Michael R. Bloomberg did not take a week off — ever.
Amid these daunting problems, Mr. Ghani is taking office under a cloud, dogged by electoral fraud allegations.
I was able to get all the themed answers, but it took a while to figure out what unified them.
Fortunately, music is the food of love, or so I hear, and Mr. Brown (“Parade,” “The Last Five Years”) gives us plenty of rich fare to feast on.
And the band played an extended suite, “The Adventures of a Quixotic Character,” based on “Don Quixote,” which changed moods frequently: extended unaccompanied solos, short interludes, steady and harmonized Gerry Mulligan-like lines between saxophone and trumpet, airy slow movements, vamp sections.
Hussein Thamir, 24, a soldier in the regiment.
Perhaps the best example of this new/old zeitgeist is Local Mission Market (2670 Harrison Street; 415-795-3355; localmissionmarket.com): Unless it’s raw, the grocery store makes every baguette, sausage, pasta, olive, mustard, and pickle it sells from scratch, in-house.
Huntington Avenue Beach, (609) 241-8382; margatehasmore.com.
“It’s just a reality of modern life.” Group dynamics add another layer.
An official for Sepahan Air said that the carrier was affiliated with the Iran Aircraft Manufacturing Industrial Company, also known as HESA.
Some Atlantic commenters were scathing, especially as Ms. Loh appeared behind sunglasses in a promotional video taped from a 10-by-10-foot U-Haul storage trailer to which she was temporarily displaced, surrounded by her “earthly possessions,” neatly packed by her ex.
The successful third quarter, which came after two consecutive quarters of losses, turned on the release of a single film, “How to Train Your Dragon 2.” Distributed by 20th Century Fox, “How to Train Your Dragon 2” had a soft performance in the United States but strong interest overseas, ultimately delivering more than $615 million at the worldwide box office.
6: Alla Shekhovtsova of Russia.
3 (with the charismatic Yuja Wang as the soloist) on a bill that also includes a new work, “Blow bright,” by the young Icelandic composer Daniel Bjarnason.
When they stood together, the Yankees invariably reached the postseason.
Meanwhile, prosecutors said Friday that they were seeking to arrest Kim Han-sik, the head of the Chonghaejin Marine Company, which operated the ferry, on charges of ignoring the overloading of the vessel.
But smugglers have learned to disguise the evidence, trimming away the tubules to pass off totoaba bladders as those of a non-CITES-protected fish.
Mr. Sieberg said the process would take months.
Last year, the group started the Hudson Valley Dance Festival, trading the bay for upstate’s rolling hills.
Are these people going to end up kissing each other?
“He is going down in history as the first president to have faced the indignity of being detained and questioned by police,” says Dan Bilefsky, our correspondent in Paris.
In fact, the administration of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been doing some of the very things Sekihotai demanded of Mr. Nakasone and Mr. Takeshita.
Andrew Kreps Gallery, 535 West 22nd Street, Chelsea, 212-741-8849, andrewkreps.com.
Act 4 and Second Stage had announced “American Psycho” in mid-July, and Mr. Sheik and the show’s director, Rupert Goold, said last month that they were eager for the Second Stage run.
The Obamas paid a total of $98,169, with an adjusted gross income of $481,098.
“If we don’t,” he said, “we make TB worse, cervical cancer goes up, even leprosy returns.
I thought he was mistaken in these matters, but I can’t say it bothered me much.
Among the buildings of that period that later lost most of its exterior décor was the Dacornel (now named the Deerfield) apartments at Riverside Drive and 145th Street, built in 1910 and designed by George and Edward Blum.
They did what they had to do.” Unconfirmed reports by Russian news agencies said he had arrived in Moscow several days ago, but he did not address those.
Those characteristics helped lift Ms. Chao from her childhood as a Chinese immigrant who could not speak English to the heights of the George W. Bush administration, and they are coming in handy again now that her husband, the highest-ranking Republican in the Senate, confronts a re-election fight that could render him the Senate majority leader or a retiree.
Since 2005, but especially over the past three to five years, Germany has eased rules recognizing foreign qualifications, granting residence permits for skilled foreigners and in depicting Germany as a land of migration.
Some have expressed concern that the attention being paid to Davis has been overwhelming and exploitative.
Both sitting presidents on the panel, Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria and John Dramani Mahama of Ghana, agreed, arguing that building out their nations’ economies was a primary goal and a longstanding source of work.
But I never stopped keeping mine.
Holliday returned two kicks for touchdowns last season, one of them an 81-yard punt return against the Giants.
This has nothing to do with the tax bill.
But his symphonic music (last heard regularly here under the baton of Leonard Bernstein) has been receiving welcome airings recently as part of the New York Philharmonic’s multiyear project to record and perform Nielsen’s six symphonies and three concertos.
To my relief, this delighted her.
Christiane Amanpour, who lost her anchor position at “This Week” on ABC in 2011, is now CNN’s chief international correspondent and has her own program on the less prominent channel CNN International.
While it is true that direct elections did not remove money from the nomination and voting process, they did change the way candidates spent that money.
“I have stated many times that there has been a big pressure on the court by the government.
A common theme in these recollections was Scott’s dauntless optimism in the face of a lifetime’s worth of hardship, including a hormonal condition, Kallmann syndrome , that influenced his singing voice.
The painter is believed to have completed around 300 works.
Now, he emphasizes his ability to act.
Confederate and Union soldier accounts agree that blacks received particularly harsh treatment at the facility.
And charbroiled levrek, an entree of whole sea bass (head included), was moist and flavorful, bringing to mind Portuguese grilled sole.
His father, Carlos, who died in a car crash in 1999, taught health and coached intramural sports at Jones County Junior College.
In the afternoon sun, many of the older, concrete high-rises look shabby compared with their new, glass-fronted neighbors.
It also includes meals, travel expenses and speakers’ fees.
But what is happening with temp employment is no sharp break with the past.
“When you see us come together and high-five, we’ll say something like, ‘High kick T left second serve high cutter body right,’ ” Butorac said.
Rick Williams, chief executive of Digital Wave, is joining Engine Shop as vice president for content production.
Brundle’s teammates were Gustavo Yacamán and Ho-Pin Tung.
Among the vehicles are a DUKW Amphibious Truck, an M274A2 Mechanical Mule, an M151A2 Military Utility Tactical Truck and an M561 Gama Goat.
Mr. Putin and the Russian news media say that western Ukrainians in Mr. Poroshenko’s government are neo-Nazis.
St. Louis (3-6) was shut out in the second half.
“Do you have any general advice on staying sane?” “No, I don’t really have any advice for you about that,” she answered.
Its influence is enhanced by the mind-boggling combination of research, imagination and its back story.
It was quite a day for the Kenyans.
LUCKY US , by Amy Bloom.
Even incoming college freshmen seem to fear they will not find lucrative and rewarding work.
Presented by the San Francisco Playhouse and a board member whose gallery represents Bauer, the production coincides with New York exhibitions of his work, seeming more like a collision of commercial interests than an aesthetic enterprise greenlighted on the merits (1:30).
Henderson, the arbitrator, “summarily rubber-stamped the unlawful process and punishment” and disregarded the rules established in the bargaining agreement, the complaint says.
One way you do that is to carry yourself a certain way — you’re serious, you get things done, people can rely on you, and your reputation for integrity has to be beyond reproach.
But if Smith’s hypothesis about sexual permissiveness were correct, one would expect there to be some clear “permissiveness premium,” some evidence of a “shopping-around” sweet spot that makes the subsequently married more content.
Ms. Tran said she and her twin sister had spent three decades apart; when Ms. Tran fled from Vietnam to the United States in 1983, her now-deceased twin sister had stayed behind to look after their parents, Ms. Tran said.
Her youngest, 4-year-old Shlomo, burst in from nursery school.
Liston hit three of four 3-pointers, becoming the Blue Devils’ career leader, with 224.
The case for freedom of religion is but one aspect of the classic case for democratic freedom for all, believers and nonbelievers alike — thus, even secularists should subscribe to it.
El Tule explores the cuisines of Mexico and Peru, two countries separated by more than 1,000 miles as well as disparate culinary influences.
Many young adults drift into parenthood unintentionally.
We know that ISIL is going to continue to grab ground and there are going to be villages and towns and cities that they take.” Admiral Kirby was using an alternative name for the group.
Yet even those approaches have been surprisingly amenable to experimentation.
And it’s not as if they had only one shot: The state has 10 Division I teams, including Indiana, a five-time national champion that held the No.
I had learned to live with illness.
The family receives $499 in food stamps and $194 in cash each month.
give players purple gear (oddly the color of Rice’s Ravens team) next month in honor of Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
The new SAT will not quell all criticism of standardized tests.
BUDD S. SCHWARTZ Westport, Conn. • To the Sports Editor: The news media might have identified the wrong target of Bruce Levenson’s careless remarks.
By my count, positive news has struck Questcor mid-month at least six times over the last 10 months.
Maddie’s Pet Adoption Days (Saturday and Sunday) These events present an opportunity to make a new best friend, and the potential pals don’t care whether you’re cool or how you dress or how good you are at sports.
JULY 11, 1971 METS AT CINCINNATI In another appearance just before the All-Star break, he gives up a three-run homer to Tony Perez in the bottom of the eighth in the second game of a doubleheader and is tagged with the loss as the Reds earn a sweep.
Trains on the 47-hour trip typically run three to five hours behind.
At Mr. Minor’s 2011 trial, the defense and the prosecution agreed that Mr. Locker had hired Mr. Minor to help him die and make it look like a robbery, so his family could collect life insurance.
However, I am sad to say that otherwise I do not see significant benefits over the old system.
Sonny Vu, Misfit’s chief executive, said his team spent months researching wearable tech to figure out the right design and found a wide range of results.
On my last visit, a pure pea gazpacho was enriched by a quivering hen’s egg, garnished with paper-thin rice wafers black with squid ink.
The cameras caught Mr. Sisi listening attentively.
Eurozone finance ministers backed on Thursday a precautionary credit line for Greece after the country exits its bailout at the end of the year, a bid to balance the need to reassure investors with the demands of domestic Greek politics.
There was a striking disparity between the conclusions of the Defense Department’s investigation and those of the South Korean government.
People in the public eye see it as ‘We lost a great talent.’ People in recovery see it as ‘We lost a brother in arms.’ ” A woman who attended an A.A. meeting in Los Angeles on Sunday said that Mr. Hoffman was “all anyone could talk about,” though she added that none of the participants, mindful of the second “A” in A.A., actually spoke Mr. Hoffman’s name aloud.
A collegiate athletic conference is hoping that an assertive new campaign will help it gain the notice and attention enjoyed by its more well-known rivals.
embed In the Video Crimea Votes to Secede From Ukraine as Russian Troops Keep Watch
But she is not quite ready to give up on Detroit.
Mr. Rylance, already a double Tony winner, was also nominated for best actor in a play for “Richard III,” becoming the first man to earn two acting nominations in the same year.
“I would like to be in City’s position,” he insisted.
This month, Ms. Bartoli embarked on a European concert tour to promote “St.
Mr. Moulias also said that the staff reduction would be voluntary.
“I jumped down to get it,” he said.
(Whereas for Damon Lindelof , there will be no forgiveness …) At the same time, though, I’m still rooting rather strongly for “True Detective” to both tie up its loose ends (which I think it will) and offer some twists and genuine surprises that vindicate the obsessive fan interest (which I’m worried that it won’t).
When it comes to a second career, many people daydream about breaking into show business, including some well accustomed to white-knuckle drama and skin-of-the-teeth ventures: real estate tycoons.
Camp residents say they are also afraid of potential epidemics.
On this occasion, he took control just in time.
“She fired it five or six times and failed to kill him.” (He declined to press charges.)
Nationwide, proficiency — meaning the students demonstrated competency over challenging subject matter — remained very low for black and Hispanic students and barely changed from 2009.
“He’s a very smart guy,” said Lawrence Bossidy, who worked with Mr. Erbey at the finance unit of General Electric in the late 1970s.
As a teenager he lived with an aunt and uncle who ran a country inn in Vermont.
I pulled $200 out of my bank account to cover the expenses.
A one-notch downgrade by any of the ratings agencies could have painful consequences.
“The idea of a rat was not exactly familiar to me,” said Alex Sharp, an actor who plays the leading role.
The Gils spent most of their lives in Kiev, Ukraine.
He has written a “blurb” for our website about how the Family & Youth Initiative has affected him and what the adult volunteers have meant to him, how they showed him what it meant to care.
Doing news searches on Chinese websites is not for the prudish.
That night, Mr. Domingo was still going strong, returning to the stage where he made his New York debut in 1965 — City Center on West 55th Street — to sing at a benefit with the musicians of New York City Opera, the company that propelled his career but declared bankruptcy last fall.
Questions can be sent to stuarte@nytimes.com .
“I think that the potential for a loss in the fourth quarter is what is freaking people out,” Mr. Pachter said.
Meanwhile, only 38 percent prefer democratic government to solve the nation’s problems, down from 61 percent in the same period.
Conor Brady and Chris Hayes joined the New York office of Critical Mass, part of the Diversified Agency Services division of the Omnicom Group, in new posts.
This flexibility means the Nets can use a number of coverages to try to keep the Raptors’ offense off balance.
PATRICIA L. GATLING Commissioner, New York City Commission on Human Rights New York, Feb. 7, 2014
“If you want a store to flourish and stay here in our borough, you have to petition with your wallets,” he said.
But in a much-discussed paper last year, three senior Fed economists argued that productivity growth could take a long-term hit because fewer businesses were being created and existing ones were spending less on research and development.
The groom is a stepson of Renée A. Gordon.
No third shop is in the plans at this point.
In an office that requires a professional appearance.
CHRISTOPHER B. NELSON President, St. John’s College Annapolis, Md., May 2, 2014 To the Editor: The spiritual union of friendship and love linking the philosopher Isaiah Berlin and the poet Anna Akhmatova on a chaste night of “big ideas and big books” in 1945 encourages David Brooks to look back wistfully to an era when people “dreamed of this sort of communion.” But how much of the “affair” depended on the rarefied atmosphere of totalitarian dread, with a tortured poet’s life hanging precariously in the balance?
The movie largely focuses on Hayao Miyazaki, who formally announced his retirement after “The Wind Rises” had its premiere in 2013.
“This is so serious that it was an important step for the committee to take,” he said.
“The service will be very, very important.” Ryan Meliker, managing director of real estate investment trusts and lodging at MLV & Company, an investment bank, also warned that Virgin Hotels could face difficulty attracting returning guests, who have the option of participating in loyalty programs of companies like Starwood Hotels and Resorts, under which they can stay at lower-end hotels, like those in the Aloft brand, and obtain free rooms at higher-end hotels, like those under the W and Luxury Collection brands.
“We just need to make sure that voice is brought to Albany.” But some advocates for the tax increase remain skeptical of Mr. de Blasio’s ability to master the capricious politics of the capital.
The title track, with its serenely pitch-warped guitar chords, underscores Neige’s affinities with shoegaze; “Opale” has the blissful escalation of an anthem by Explosions in the Sky.
At last year’s edition, the New York-based gallerist Otto Naumann sold just one painting, priced at $150,000.
But the juveniles had remained locked up, in some cases long after the Juvenile Services Department recommended their release.
“With all of these companies, we have tried to get them to put something in their charter documents recognizing the need for diversity and giving a vehicle for recognizing its importance,” said Janice Hester-Amey, portfolio manager in the corporate governance group at Calstrs.
“Once I played those games last year and had success and proved that I could be a winning quarterback in this league, I always planned on getting back to that point.” Still, Manziel has been a shadow and an ever-present cloud overhead everywhere Hoyer goes.
It is only in exceptional periods, e.g.
Could the focus on recent police shootings have caused hesitation by those on duty?
The start-up has drawn a number of prominent backers who will sit on its board, including David Bonderman , a founding partner of TPG; John Zhao, the chief executive of Hony Capital; Gigi Pritzker, the Hollywood producer behind “Ender’s Game” and “Drive”; and Frank Biondi, the former chief executive of Viacom and Mr. Simonds’ father-in-law.
It takes seriously the problem of imperfect information, analyzing how these interactions are shaped by what each of these players knows about the others.
Doing interviews on “Late Night,” that’s where I need improvisational skills.
In four hours of vivid testimony before the St. Louis County grand jury in September describing his shooting of Michael Brown, the officer said Mr. Brown, 18, had looked “like a demon” when he first approached him.
Industry trade groups reacted angrily to the decision by the general counsel of the agency, the National Labor Relations Board, quickly signaling their intention to ask the federal courts to overturn it.
The third floor — which had housed the research library and was not open to the public — has been transformed into a signature 6,000-square-foot gallery for temporary exhibitions.
Mr. McAvoy said the two-year freeze would challenge him to figure out how to do “more with less” and “less with less,” but he said it was fair.
That represents one big difference with California, where teachers can win tenure after 18 months, and even before being certified.
The university president, Fred P. Pestello, said in an open letter that the school “had no prior knowledge that this action would take place.” He added that “it was our decision to not escalate the situation with any confrontation, especially since the protest was nonviolent.” St. Louis University, a Jesuit institution of over 13,900 students, is holding midterm exams this week.
His social media handle made reference to his Italian roots.
“I’d always wanted to go to that museum,” he said.
“After the Dark” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
He remains eligible to participate in all preseason practices and games, including Saturday night’s game against Minnesota.
Woody Johnson does not quite take command of a room as much as he blends in.
Until last month, however, there existed not a single confirmed photograph of a live member of the species.
It makes it a bit like a pastor and conveys respectability.
CAPE MAY Soma NewArt Gallery, Carpenter’s Square Mall “Six in the City,” oil portraits by Sandra Bloodworth.
But I really know paper.” Ms. McClure used the same process to create a piece on the side effects of the prescription drug Zoloft, knitting the information into what she called “this nice, homey swatch” — one that mocks how pharmaceutical warnings may be obscured.
A fourth focuses on arguably the most profound way Latin America can change visitors: through nature.
The first morning that applications were accepted, Michael Palumbaro, 70, a retired nurse, arrived early to be at the front of the line of people hoping to be selected; he was No.
The groom’s first marriage ended in divorce.
But social and cultural issues matter, too.
The groom’s father is chairman and president of the publishing company W.W. Norton & Company in New York.
Gonzalez won a Gold Glove last season, but the Rockies are moving him from left field to center field at Coors Field in 2014 after trading Dexter Fowler to the Houston Astros last month.
In 2010, Mr. Rui became the subject of Internet mockery over a comment he made when President Obama called for questions from the Korean news media at a Group of 20 summit meeting in South Korea.
Though he rallied supporters in a celebratory caravan Saturday, he appeared less adept at campaigning than Mr. Rangel on Sunday, despite serving in the State Assembly for 14 years before he was elected to the State Senate in 2010.
But it made me more accessible to people I worked with.
And in “Vicious,” at 10:30, Stuart (Mr. Jacobi again) secretly raises some cash to buy a new coat for Freddie (Ian McKellen) for his fan club event.
For that proof, check out the comments.
Just as in his debut, deGrom seemed a tad nervous at the start.
But his liberal tendencies, and impulsive ways, irritated and ultimately alienated Mr. Deng and other party leaders.
But he is fuming, at Gov.
He graduated from Babson College in Wellesley, Mass., from which he also received a master’s degree in accounting.
Note: This assumes Santa Claus is a round dude with a sick sense of humor.
He began worshiping there when he was 14 and participated in the cadet program, which sent young people to camp.
Now, scientists have begun to chip away at this and other mysteries of the New World Arctic.
It takes a special talent to mark someone’s 100th game in the Champions League in the way that Andrea Pirlo did in Turin, Italy.
“The real vehement opposition comes from the fact that this is going to shift money around,” said Jonathan Blum, a former Medicare official.
The idea is to come up with a formula for compensating victims, and criteria for determining who is eligible, outside the courts.
Although fierce fighting continues, particularly near the Russian border, the Ukrainian military has made major advances in recent days, and Mr. Poroshenko’s aides have told allies that they believe the military operation can be completed in up to three weeks, provided there is no invasion by Russia or a large new influx of weapons and fighters across the border.
Income from purchased receivables portfolios was down 19 percent, to $704 million, in 2012, but still up more than 500 percent from 2008.
All charges were dropped by the Manhattan district attorney’s office after Mr. Banno’s lawyers produced photographs showing that he was not near the part of the dragon that ignited.
Most of those hit by police gunfire in 2013 were black.
With pressure mounting, the central bank said it wanted to act pre-emptively, rather than risk eroding the progress the country has made in changing the public’s deflationary mind-set.
“I remember thinking, ‘What on earth am I going to do with my hair?’ ” she said of her locks, which she keeps in two-strand twists that are now banned.
Households would lose about $36 billion in tax credits that help make insurance affordable.
Lowe Campbell Ewald is part of the Lowe & Partners division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Fleury, 29, is 7-2 with a 1.89 goals against average for the Metropolitan Division-leading Penguins and is tied for the N.H.L.
Also on the second level is a 60-foot-long indoor lap pool, with an adjoining steam room.
Exposure to a bore, unless you have considerable spiritual resources, will dry you out.
Last summer, he called her with bad news.
One of her friends, Sheryl Baker of Lubbock, said, “You go to Austin and you feel comfortable holding your partner’s hand, but that comfort zone is not in Lubbock.” While a larger city like Austin or Dallas may be more accepting, the women said that Lubbock’s silver lining was a more tightly knit lesbian community.
Who wants to make his penis bleed if he doesn’t absolutely have to?
A 53-year-old security guard I talked to declined to provide his name, embarrassed perhaps that he was sleeping on friends’ couches, working barely enough hours to “keep my head above water.” He had so many potential uses for extra cash he couldn’t pin any one down.
“Charlie experiences what almost every teenage hero does in an American movie about nominal outsiders,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The Times.
But Lisicki edges Halep in total winners (115 to 88) and return points won against second serves (61 percent to 50 percent).
Seeking to calm separatist passions, Ukrainian leaders on Friday repeated assurances that they would, as Mr. Deshchytsia promised in Geneva, pursue changes to the Constitution that would grant more power to local councils to run their own affairs and enshrine Russian as an official language — bedrock demands in the largely Russian-speaking east.
There will also be weekly retreats focused on meditation, hiking and massage sessions, combined with a delicious menu created by her sister Gioconda.
That’s why I was feeling very strong and I was trying to apply all the tactics to make sure that I win.” 27 Photos View Slide Show › Desisa, 24, had to settle for a close second, still a remarkable result, in only his fourth career marathon.
They had lived through a period of historic economic growth, when it seemed a rising tide really did lift all boats.
For a year prior to the film’s release in India, Mr. Ahluwalia began wrangling with the censor board, which initially suggested over 100 cuts.
“I’m perfectly willing to admit they were right, but even if they were right, I still can’t see how that would have changed the situation.” He defended his decision to wait to approve airstrikes until last month in Iraq and last week in Syria, saying he wanted first to force Iraq to replace its government with a more inclusive coalition that could draw disaffected Sunnis away from supporting ISIS and take on the task of combating it.
Broker: Aaron Jungreis, Rosewood Realty Group RECENT LEASE $48/SQUARE FOOT $126,432 approximate annual rent 463 Seventh Avenue (between West 35th and 36th Streets) Manhattan Trimfit, a maker of children’s socks, has taken a five-year lease for 2,634 square feet on the 15th floor of this 22-story building in the garment district.
[artificial intelligence] and robotics allow people to cognitively offload repetitive tasks and invest their attention and energy in things where humans can make a difference.
On Thursday, the central bank solidified those commitments and set a deadline.
A greeter at the entrance pointed out a shortcut to get to the closet department, which probably saved us half an hour.
Consider the illogical message many schools are sending their students about drinking and having sex: that intercourse with someone “under the influence” of alcohol is always rape.
But on further reflection I can no longer blame either the corporations or the profession itself.
That leaves President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, an adversary of both Israel and Hamas, as the primary Palestinian interlocutor.
Here is how Mr. Jones came to live in a beaten-down bunkhouse many hundreds of miles from his brother and from his home state.
And they worry that Mr. Tancredo’s anti-immigration reputation could tip the scales in a competitive House fight in suburban Denver, where the Republican incumbent, Representative Mike Coffman, embraced an immigration overhaul after redistricting brought more Hispanic voters into his district.
At a news conference in Manila, Mr. Obama sidestepped a question about whether Washington would defend the Philippines if a territorial dispute with China became an armed conflict, instead saying “we don’t think that coercion and intimidation is the way to manage these disputes.” A few days earlier he had made a stronger statement of support for Japan in its maritime disputes with China.
But the widely reported April 11 attack on thousands of squatters in Rio de Janeiro who had moved into a newly formed favela “because they wanted their own home” leaves no doubt about the harsh reality facing 1.6 billion people in need of adequate housing around the world.
A. I’d worked in the U.S. Commerce Department, where we focused on hard barriers to trade — tariffs and trade promotion, encouraging companies to go overseas into new markets.
Sometimes they simply engage in an intergenerational transference of pain and need.
Another significant drawback, for now, is that you need an Android mobile device running Android software version 4.0 to control the Mini.
All are served precut in cast-iron skillets for easy sharing.
and a history of mental illness.
“All you need me to do is drive the car and watch over all your guys’ good graces?” he asks.
The Gettysburg Address it was not.
Much of his domestic audience, fed for months on a diet of frenzied, Ukraine-in-flames reports on state-run television, endorses the need for a firm Russian hand.
“Sorry.” Then I removed the box and opened it.
Stephen Sondheim said he would not pursue a musical adaptation of the movie because it would be impossible to improve on perfection.
But occasionally there are confrontations between passengers and flight crews over taking photographs on a plane, including during episodes on board that are newsworthy or just plain amusing.
“Yeah, there’s some hesitancy,” he said.
“I say rhymes, I say all kinds of jokes!” Ehrlich told me in June, on a break from begging.
“They’re both skilled politicians,” said Kenneth Sherrill, a longtime teacher of political science at Hunter College.
In 1974, the year before the Clintons married, Hillary Rodham worked for the House committee pursuing the impeachment of Mr. Nixon, and Mr. Clinton fell short as a Democratic congressional candidate seeking to capitalize on the Watergate scandal.
In November 2006, shortly after taking over as chief executive, he made his boldest bet, by mortgaging most of the company’s assets — even the trademark on its logo — to secure $23.5 billion in loans.
“It’s been going on since September-October, and I think it’s in the joint interest of us and the Greek government to finalize it as soon as possible.” Greece has already received two bailouts and is staring at a shortfall of €4 billion, or $5.5 billion, this year.
Mr. Maliki began embracing the Sunni tribes last summer and increased his support after the militants seized the city of Falluja and parts of Ramadi, the provincial capital, almost three weeks ago.
She was struck while fleeing the gunfire.
An upstart challenger wrestles a Republican primary victory from the House majority leader Eric Cantor.
But Mr. Abbas is 79 and has health problems, raising questions about who will succeed him.
In Britain, the jobless receive a maximum 71.70 pounds per week for six months, however much they have paid in contributions.
And we didn’t know that we would have to rethink our goals when it came to creating our family.
In general, these genes worked normally in the brains of the rats bred to run.
Philippe Coutinho, a young Brazilian making the passes, is surrounded in midfield by the English runners Jordan Henderson and the excessively quick Raheem Sterling.
In the Texas case, Noe Niño de Rivera, a 17-year-old at Cedar Creek High School, collapsed after being shocked and struck his head on the floor.
In the world as Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia imagines it, anti-abortion advocates resemble Eleanor McCullen, a self-described “mother and grandmother” who stands outside a reproductive-health clinic in Boston and attempts to gently “counsel” approaching women out of getting an abortion.
“We have to respect the decisions of the Academy and realize, in many respects, they are acknowledging the shows that the audiences are watching,” Ms. Tassler said.
Mothers told me that they wanted a recreation center.
The law, which has been in effect since 2005, restricts many sex offenders from living within 1,000 feet of a school.
Blogsy feels more feature-rich than WordPress, and offers more of the “what you see is what you get” experience of typing into a desktop publishing program like Microsoft Word.
The showdown is the first test for Mr. Wyden, as he and other committee leaders try to assert more power against the strong arm of Mr. Reid.
IBM announced fourth-quarter revenue of $27.7 billion, more than $500 million below analysts’ estimates of $28.25 billion.
The four bodies were found Wednesday inside a small home, a pitched-roof bungalow with a red door, along a heavily trafficked residential and commercial street just west of Albany.
Those figures showed that 91.5 percent of New York State teachers were rated either highly effective or effective.
Dawson swung an imaginary bat, showing Ozuna his hands.
But he said that Lillehammer left the deepest impression on him and that he and his team had studied it closely and would try to follow its compact template with the emphasis on enthusiastic crowds and local winter culture.
Mr. Christie and his advisers long viewed his post as head of the governors’ association as a high-profile test of his national leadership, and they paid careful attention to the thorny politics and diplomacy that could attend it.
The World Health Organization convenes an emergency committee meeting in Switzerland.
But Carrie’s lover, Brody, the P.O.W.
The inclination to seek out Bandol whenever and wherever I can was reinforced by a wine panel tasting of 18 bottles from recent vintages.
The Liberty shot 43.9 percent from the field, compared with 30 percent for the Sun.
The United States Postal Service increased its operating revenue for the second year in a row, with the agency’s annual report showing a 9.1 percent gain from shipping and package services.
Ross Ramsey, the executive editor of The Texas Tribune, writes a regular column for The Tribune.
The mayor says she has personally reported three breaks, while exhausted crews work 18-hour shifts in subfreezing temperatures to repair the damage.
Is there one, and if so how can heirs best manage the sale of works?
Mr. Webster and Split Knuckle’s co-founders encountered Lecoq techniques as students at the London International School of Performing Arts .
It is 10, not 9. BUSINESS DAY Because of an editing error, a capsule summary on Friday about the potential acquisition of Spirit Pub Company of Britain by another British brewer and pub operator, Greene King, misstated the deadline for a final takeover offer.
We’re all different.” In hindsight, several commentators have suggested that Turing’s personality traits probably placed him somewhere on the Asperger’s spectrum.
The promises sound equally grandiose: oceans of revenue and taxes, and thousands of new jobs — enough to give a depleted community a sharply different outlook.
The small-business lobby was incensed over a 35 percent tax rate on most income over $400,000 ($450,000 per couple).
Dermot Mulroney, above left, plays a former C.I.A.
Pollak Theater, Monmouth University, 400 Cedar Avenue.
A ‘Thirst for American Spirits’ The new spirits are hitting the foreign consumer market at just the right time.
Polling analysts will watch Cortana not just because of its novelty but also because of its potential to provide a human-sounding voice at little cost.
Leaders of the Republican-controlled North Carolina legislature on Tuesday announced details of a tentative budget agreement, including a 7 percent pay raise for teachers in public schools, that could end a monthlong stalemate that has exposed a breach between Republican conservatives and moderates in the state.
Justice Clark wrote that evidence gathered illegally had to be excluded.
The current minimum wage for such workers, $2.13 an hour, has not been raised since 1991 — testament to the power of the restaurant industry.
■ Dan Aversano, vice president for ad sales research at the New York office of the Turner Broadcasting System, part of Time Warner, was promoted to senior vice president for client and consumer insights, leading a new group devoted to helping marketers better understand consumer behavior.
Mr. Brown was last seen three days after the shooting near a relative’s home in South Carolina, where he was already on probation for federal grand larceny charges, the police said.
His sentencing is scheduled for Monday, and prosecutors plan to ask for 25 years to life in prison because of his record of violent felonies.
It felt appropriate when the news cascaded across social media at great speed.
Yet at the end of the term, on a surprise test, the students solved 72 percent of the problems that they’d studied in mixed sets, compared with 38 percent of those in blocked, homework-as-usual sets.
He is D’Angelo Harrison, not Harris.
The Frick was not supposed to need any more room.
Here he is giving the team a pep talk: “The top of the mountain is in sight, said Bill Shankly.
Rangers fall to Maple Leafs , 3-2.
With a landmark judgment on Monday declaring Arab Bank liable for knowingly supporting terrorism, the case now turns to another complicated calculation: the cost of that liability.
1 but to be 10 times better than the competition.
A central question Justice Wiley must answer is whether Mr. Hernandez was at the Camden County prosecutor’s office in New Jersey voluntarily, or because he was in custody.
There’s a slight sweetness to watching the reserved Nan open up to her granddaughter (the poised newcomer Kelly Thornton), another member of the family who’s consistently underestimated.
Don’t compare him to Müller, Klose pleaded years ago.
Seller: Croes Nest Realty L.P.
He’s a heck of a guy.
Did anyone you knew back then see it?
The phone is in the past, and Amazon is above all a story about the future, about the glorious moment when the e-commerce giant will sell everything, whether electronic or digital, to everybody.
Not just the players who actually played, but the whole squad, and also the team behind the team.” He said a coach also needs to be the best psychologist he can be — and explained why his team could lose so badly just months after winning a title.
“It’s the ‘old-world way.’ ” Ithaca was a decadent couple of days in which cider seemed to appear in every possible form.
While elections are vital, they are not sufficient to create stable democracies.
Oregon forest snails , Allogona townsendiana, like other species, were observed to reserve these activities for periods when the ground was moist.
An injury last year ended his professional boxing career.
“The best cavern rescue teams gathered here.” Five bivouacs equipped with sleeping bags, food and other supplies were set up at intervals inside the cavern, which was illuminated by rescuers’ headlamps reflecting on the limestone walls.
But if it were a miracle he sought, Mr. Hollande would have been better advised to visit nearby Lourdes.
“I know that he wants to stay, and I support him wherever he wants to go.” THUNDER 111, HAWKS 109 Kevin Durant scored 41 points, including the game-winning jumper with 1.5 seconds left, and Oklahoma City rallied from a 14-point halftime deficit at home to beat Atlanta for its eighth straight victory.
Figure a bottle per adult.
Last August, two deaths from drug overdoses at the annual Electric Zoo dance-music festival on Randalls Island caused the cancellation of the event’s final day, a reminder of the difficulty of adequately overseeing these sprawling, loosely supervised events.
“The best hope for near-term change lies with American philanthropy.” A New Template When Mr. Ellison, chief executive of the Oracle Corporation, heard a Nobel laureate biologist give a talk at Stanford about artificial intelligence, he was mesmerized.
The video is immediately projected on the screen behind them, which in turn contains an image of itself, so that one dancer becomes the first of a retreating chain of dancing echoes.
Instead of fleeing, David got down on one knee by my swivel chair and said, “That must be hard.” For years, our story suited us.
Ms. Harris, the folk and progressive country iconoclast with a dozen Grammys to her name, celebrates the rerelease of her 1995 album, “Wrecking Ball,” with a national and European tour.
Even when his statistics during these playoffs might have suggested he was struggling, there has generally been an explanation on the ice to absolve him of most of the blame.
Marcellina, the housekeeper, is typically presented as an imperious, snippy older woman absurdly besotted with Figaro.
Besides the connection of place and their standing as stars, Westbrook, Durant, Paul and Griffin are conjoined in another area: They have not won a championship.
But it’s just as likely that the ladies’ room denizens looked grouchy because their companions had forced them to sit through “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” instead of “Boyhood,” which everyone should see pronto.
The basic scientific facts are pretty clear.
“The current generation of Romanians love their nature and are keen to preserve it,” Mr. Singh wrote.
Manon undergoes a process of unraveling, from the fetching young thing in beret and calf-length skirt of the opening scene to the corporate sexiness of her pantsuit and heels in Paris and the sinner’s shift she wears in Le Havre, after she has been arrested for theft and awaits her banishment to America.
On a Sunday morning during my weekend at Chernobyl, we visited an old Orthodox church, named for the prophet Elijah.
The announcement came just days after a Bitcoin exchange, Mt.
In that show, and in her subsequent work, Ms. Sturtevant tacitly asked: When is a Warhol not a Warhol?
Arizona (15-0, 2-0 Pacific-12) had 10 dunks among its 24 field goals.
If you are white, well educated and comfortably situated, it may feel like heaven.
But the worst was just beginning.
The Orgone Jazz Quintet, jazz.
Nov. 22 at 8 a.m. Free.
“Our product is in demand and stores are coming to us asking to sell the product but we are selective,” Ms. de Castro said.
division winners and the St. Louis Cardinals, who won the National League pennant.
The black population stagnated in the city, but rose 4 percent in the suburbs.
Tyler Flowers hit a two-run homer for the White Sox, and the Tigers were unable to take advantage of Chicago’s inexperienced starter.
So he must lose, for the sake of Ukraine and Russia.
The official attendance last Tuesday was 16,436, about 2,700 short of capacity.
The next morning, a line of black trucks will pull into his driveway and out will spill workers in black short-sleeve shirts.
• An article on May 29 about “Sidewalks of New York,” a century-old song that was played at the Belmont Stakes for decades, misstated the professional status of Victor Rugg, whose great-grandmother may have inspired a character in the song.
The aggressive silencing of anyone who voices disapproval of Israeli policies or expresses empathy with Palestinians is the latest manifestation of an us-versus-them mentality that has been simmering for decades.
For the fourth consecutive year, he slid through the first three rounds by surrendering less than 20 games.
A bat fell out and landed on the desk in front of me, hissing.
But a sense of humor is the thing: These men were great company.” Tangier was somewhere Raymond kept returning to.
A 15-year-old girl was shot in the stomach when a 16-year-old boy was playing with a gun in southwest Atlanta, Ga. , Friday night.
These biases do material damage as well as help breed a sense of disenfranchisement and despair, which in turn can have a depressive effect on aspiration and motivation.
On Monday, Williams’s lawyer, Tim Jansen, who has also represented Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston, declined to comment.
That said, she underplays what is arguably the central aspect of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his discontents: the role of his party, known as the A.K.P., in ushering in “neoliberal” capitalist transformations.
Then I learned what she told me was erroneous and they made representations to me that weren’t true.” Outside court, after it had been cleared, Rochelle Sterling spoke to her lawyer Pierce O’Donnell and expressed the hope that Donald Sterling was not going to tie up the sale of the team in court for another two years, until the Clippers had a new television deal in place.
It proved that climbing down from his fashion pedestal was a good move.
On Wednesday night, the Bacon Brothers, with the actor Kevin Bacon and his brother, Michael, were scheduled to kick things off.
Another problem is that government policy in the Obama administration is often debated and developed by people who were once 80-hour-a-week young professionals themselves, and thus may be susceptible to the argument against an appreciably higher salary threshold.
Oklahoma City lost at home for the first time since Jan. 5.
Spieth took a three-hole lead over McDowell after five holes and still had it at the turn, but McDowell, who has not had his best season, found his putting stroke on the back nine and ended up teary-eyed in victory.
Under Florida’s law, none of that matters if a defendant scores higher than 70.
Despite the bureaucratic nature of a budget presentation, there were moments of levity.
Some games, not as good.
If the series continues the way it started, it will be an easy fifth victory for James.
Those contingent liabilities can become a big deal when they turn into actual liabilities.
(And don’t forget that Southwest — by its own choice — doesn’t show up on most sites.)
Two weeks ago, Vita Coco agreed to sell a 25 percent stake of itself to Red Bull China, giving it a head start in the world’s most populous country and valuing the company at about $665 million.
Both adaptations are written and directed by Lynnea Benson, who has reimagined these classic tales: Cinderella plays Crazy Eights and discusses ornithology with the Prince, and Snow White has a terrible temper and hides out with the Seven Little Guys, who have names like Beasty and Stoolie.
AT dinner with friends recently the conversation turned to things that were stressing us out.
He is joining forces with François Laffanour, the French furniture dealer and longtime Maastricht exhibitor, and the two men will create a Shaker environment at the fair filled with furniture and objects.
According to police officials and eyewitnesses in Tikrit, Iraqi warplanes first bombed ISIS positions on the campus, and then army paratroopers were dropped in to take control of it.
He changed the student seating policy at football games to get students to arrive on time.
2 player, and the partnership has been a success.
With a plot like that, you don’t even need a story.
What matters is whether the story is persuasive and suggestive.
Jonathan C. Moore, a lawyer for the Garner family, said “We’re astounded by the outcome of the grand jury process.” In a statement, Mr. Donovan said investigators also spoke with the emergency responders who provided medical treatment both at the scene and at the hospital, and expert witnesses in the area of forensic pathology as well as the procedures and training of police officers.
While he had to fend off criticism that he offered little in the way of new policy direction, his chances were bolstered by a split opposition: Duke Aiona, a Republican former lieutenant governor, and Mufi Hannemann, a former mayor of Honolulu, who ran as an independent.
Two diminutive Maryland crab cakes with a tiny salad of frisée and julienned green apple were just what crab cakes should be, but in miniature.
Those in the industry, including owners, trade groups and some of the dancers themselves, say strip clubs can be a boon for desolate neighborhoods.
All the fashion news of the week that’s fit to reprint.
Starvation should not be used as a weapon of war.” A Western diplomat in Geneva said the government would gain by showing that it was being statesmanlike and responsible in addressing the humanitarian needs it has said are one of its top priorities at the talks.
I said, “Christian, what are you doing here?” He said, “What are you doing here?
But some second-place players are cashing in, too: Lyft, a smaller car service provider, raised money from investors like the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group at a roughly $700 million valuation earlier this year.
In a statement on Wednesday night, Mr. Jonathan denounced “the dastardly targeting of the prominent political and religious leaders by terrorists and enemies of the nation in an odious attempt to inflame passions.”
Kaffe Tonic, Saint Frank in San Francisco A crisp and refreshing play on the bitter and sweet flavors found in both espresso and tonic water, the Kaffe Tonic is simply a shot of espresso poured over a glass of Fever-Tree tonic and ice.
So, working with Commissioner Cerf, I will present to you shortly a proposal to increase the length of both the school day and the school year in New Jersey.
It wasn’t until 2007, however, that he became professionally involved in the town.
In Hong Kong, print circulation and advertising have been weakened by the growth of the Internet, Mr. Ko said.
Technology •A high-tech, high end burger joint explains the benefits of computerized, table-side ordering .
No one is interested in long-term incentives to develop forces across administrations.”
Last month, he was abruptly moved from his cell after he, too, managed to record a video message from prison.
The team also includes young stars like Neymar and Oscar.
But the United States also enacted a law that year to carry out the agreement, in which the host reserved the right to “safeguard its own security” by denying visas to foreign visitors to the United Nations deemed to be a threat.
They own Martin Testing Laboratories, near Sacramento, which tests electronic products in explosive atmospheres.
“We’re not just talking about young people on their first job.
It didn’t know that one of them would be Roshan Jamkatel, a teenager from Schaumburg, Ill. On March 2, Roshan — a self-described prankster — turned up on YouTube offering a hands-on, guided tour of the sequel to HTC’s highest-profile product, the One.
I’ve climbed the highest peak on all seven continents.
It’s not that Clinton was a softie.
Matthew McConaughey’s nephew, Miller Lyte McConaughey, is 8 years old, and he’s terrific in it.
The Senate passed the bill last week in a similarly lopsided manner, 98 to 2.
Gas prices have nearly quadrupled in the last 15 years, making it harder to travel and raise livestock.
“I can’t find a cushion,” he said.
Bewitched by her father’s family stories and her dreams of living where she “can have chickens in the road,” McMinn moves to rustic West Virginia.
We are very concerned, and we want hands-on training.” Dr. Cooke says that conversation is familiar.
The department gave the school, which is on the Upper West Side, 10 days to correct some of the violations of fire and building codes, and 30 days for others.
Not long after graduating from high school, Alaric tested at an I.Q.
There are many ways for countries to make contributions, including shutting down channels for ISIS financing, closing Turkey’s border to ISIS fighters and weapons, urging Sunni tribes to work with the Shiite-led government in Baghdad, and providing intelligence to coalition members.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.)
He and his friends would experiment with ink and needles after school.
Strange shapes are cast onto the sky, like the shadows of ghosts, hovering above the camp, waiting, watching.
I never finished university; a degree is great but not a guarantee of business success.
Airport-adjacent properties also generated 30 percent more rental income.
Take the wrong class to satisfy a requirement and you may not have enough credits to graduate on time.
As a result, African-American families have less of a cushion to protect themselves if they encounter a financial setback, such as being laid off or encountering an unexpected health problem.
Also lurking near the lead with even-par rounds of 70 were Phil Mickelson and Jimmy Walker, a three-time winner on the tour in 2014.
Were you feeling bad about the kind of food you had been selling?
“His mother reminds me of that daily — that I owe her some money when this is all over,” Gibbs said.
Friends and family mourned the deaths of the two store employees: Brianna Benlolo and Tyler Johnson.
At 3 p.m., SubCulture: Arts Underground, 45 Bleecker Street, near Lafayette Street, East Village, penworldvoices.org; $15; $10 for PEN members and students with ID.
The White Gallery, 344 Main Street.
“Our effort and our mind-set were in the right place,” Fisher said, “but we just couldn’t get it done.” REBOUNDS Andrea Bargnani, who has yet to play in a game this season because of injuries, joined the Knicks for their three-game trip.
When Diane Kochilas said we were making phyllo, I confess I was intimidated.
The bakery will probably be closed over the weekend to allow workers to re-cement the basement, according to a bakery spokeswoman, who told WNBC that the bakery hoped to open on Monday after another inspection.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
The same month, Indonesia’s coordinating minister for security, Djoko Suyanto, who is also a retired commander in chief of the armed forces, vehemently rejected the conclusion of the human rights commission’s report, saying that the military saved the Indonesian state.
After all, the existing house, while not a 19th-century charmer, had its own historic pedigree of sorts.
Brooke Shields was hired as the product’s first official spokesperson.
(An overdraft fee on a basic checking account at a large bank, by comparison, is commonly $35.)
would also prevent athletes who have sustained a concussion from returning to a game or practice that day.
And while they really can’t compete with history’s vast iconography of ruin, their effect is unusual: The landscape of abandonment still retains signs of vitality — and we’re aware of the remarkable impact that this vitality had on American popular culture.
The world is counting on him and his team to come up with a bomb that will end World War II but could also destroy life as we know it, and he’s being hassled on the domestic front as well.
In his letter on Wednesday, Mr. Dimon emphasized that despite those payouts — in fact, because of the “constant and intense pressure” — he was proud of JPMorgan and its “enduring resolve and resiliency.” He pointed to the $17.9 billion in annual profit, along with “strong performance” throughout the bank even though legal costs weighed on the bank’s bottom line.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., who wrote the majority opinion in the case, said the decision only would apply to “closely held” for-profit corporations run on religious principles.
The relay within a race was not designed to sell basketball tickets, but the N.B.A.
He had firmly believed that the negotiations were the only way to reach a settlement with Israel, and he stood against armed struggle, sticking to his position even during the armed intifada that broke out in 2000.
With more than 3,000 patients in her practice, she estimates that it would cost her $70,860 a month to be fully stocked with vaccines for any patient who walked in the door.
“People ask me all the time, ‘Are you happier now?’ They feel that I should be over the moon,” she said.
Officials would not specify how much mustard gas was in the latest shipment or how much of the total stockpile remained in Syria.
“And that’s the thing that we talk about — trying to get better, and maybe there’s other areas that we can get better at.”
On July 2, most of Mr. Doeblin’s remaining employees went on strike, picketing his two stores with the help of the union and its giant inflatable rats, and urging neighborhood residents to join in a boycott.
These are enduring themes, as old as the country.
PORT CHESTER The Capitol Theater Jessie’s Girl, tribute to the 1980s.
Once, when he told her a prototype was not working, he says, she replied, “Who cares?” “There are people who wear the watch even when the battery is off, because they like to wear it,” he adds, and it “fits with your look, your mood.” The new theme tells consumers “that Timex is an expression of timelessness,” Mr. Marai says, and “that our watches are never out of style.” That should help “attract a new generation of consumers,” he adds, that frequently buys apparel items like clothing, footwear and accessories on the basis of fashion rather than durability.
“He’s our leader, so if he’s discombobulated, then everybody’s going to be discombobulated.
When he did agree to take his team 20 blocks north to Staples Center when it opened in 1999, it was as the building’s third tenant, behind the Lakers and the Kings.
In recent months, scores of journalists, rights defenders and moderate advocates of political reform have been swept up in a widening dragnet.
Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government, Ky., $70 million of pollution control revenue bonds.
■ The Arizona Cardinals are the only team that has yet to throw an interception this year.
Eight tricks home with only six trumps.
“Do you know where I am?” He insisted he did not recognize the court’s authority to try him, in part since it was outside the constitutional procedures for impeaching a president.
“It’s not your father’s police department,” Inspector Harrington said.
RED BANK Count Basie Theater “A ‘Souled’ Out Christmas to Benefit Little Kids Rock,” starring Darlene Love, along with Felix Cavaliere’s Rascals.
Let’s take some questions that need clear answers.” “I see smiles on some faces,” Mr. Groysman added.
The Congressional Budget Office has reduced by one-third its estimate of how much more states will spend on Medicaid in the coming decade because of the Affordable Care Act.
When Bob Filner resigned as mayor last summer amid a sexual harassment scandal, Democrats openly fretted over losing the first liberal in decades elected to run this city, long a Republican bastion on the southern edge of the state.
MR. MADIGAN: I think if you take it out that very much raises the question of what to do with that language in red about the factors that would push inflation down.
Hunterdon Hills Playhouse, 88 Route 173 West.
... Miami catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia was put on the seven-day concussion list.
“The worry is that the volume is just going to overwhelm the system,” said Ms. Karnauskas.
But the good and the bad were often perplexingly simultaneous in two concerts led by the conductor Andris Nelsons this weekend at Tanglewood, the Boston Symphony Orchestra’s summer home here in the Berkshires.
Pineda, who had previously been accused of using a foreign substance, was ejected from the game.
Ted patiently explains to Vanetia the seriousness of the damage to Conor’s brain, the better to help her adjust to the reality that her husband will never be the same.
The challenge for policy makers is to minimize the penalty women pay.
His Labor Party sustained a stinging loss a year ago against a conservative opposition coalition led by Tony Abbott, who replaced Mr. Rudd.
A special agency created by the Legislature to monitor health care costs, known as the Health Policy Commission, concluded that the acquisition of South Shore Hospital and related doctors would be likely to drive up total medical spending in the region by $23 million to $26 million a year and possibly much more.
But when he began to recite “The Road Not Taken,” words he had spoken hundreds of times since childhood, he stumbled after only three lines.
The huge influx of refugees from the Syrian conflict — by some estimates, more than 1.5 million so far — has complicated matters for Turkey.
Nowadays, small hollies are frequent in New York City’s woodlands, especially near shorelines, where the plants find suitably well-drained soils.
That much, it seems, has not changed.
MARINERS 5, ANGELS 1 Chris Young pitched shutout ball until Albert Pujols homered in the seventh inning, Robinson Cano had three hits and two R.B.I.
Beginning next week, Washington Dulles, Newark Liberty, Chicago O’Hare and Atlanta international airports will employ the same screenings as those put in place at J.F.K.
Putin has decided on another course.
“I didn’t have $500 to start a C.D., and when they said it was only $25, I knew I could do that.
I try to take elements from that and push it into the future, to make clothes to wear now.” At the opening party, the Belgian model Hanne Gaby Odiele, who frequently appears in Mr. Van Noten’s shows, was pondering the difference between him and his fellow designers.
It combines elements of “Lord of the Flies” with the Minotaur and Orpheus myths, but it plays as something closer to “The Hunger Games” experienced through a dissociative fog.
They don’t even have the right to take the tents.
The structure, which has been put up in the main courtyard of the company’s new campus in the eastern Chinese city of Hangzhou, will serve as the center of festivities Friday evening local time, when the company lists in New York.
“You have a group that’s growing in size, and becoming more politically concentrated in terms of the Democrats,” said Tom W. Smith, director of the General Social Survey at the National Opinion Research Center of the University of Chicago.
The hockey helmet contained two thin layers of relatively rigid padding, but the football helmet had three thick layers of soft padding.
He is also exploring opportunities in the United Kingdom and Japan, and said he has written to both Russell & Bromley and Dr. Martens to ask them to stop selling the nonofficial accessories and sign up as a partner.
Little did anyone know that it would become a verbal tic as the season wore on.
While he has typically kept his art and his politics separate, Mr. Rosenthal says they have flowed into each other on this series.
Monday at 9 p.m., Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, 800-745-3000, boweryballroom.com; sold out.
By 2000, Black Americans had a choice of what to call themselves on the census : “Black, African Am., or Negro” (because some older people preferred it).
But whether good, bad or indifferent they represent the young blood that cabaret needs to lift it above the radar in a media climate that is blatantly, unapologetically ageist.
It’s hard for them to contemplate leaving behind their paychecks and doing something more personally risky.
He was accepted by the Police Department in December 1942 and assigned to walk a beat at a salary of $1,320 a year.
(Rosenberg) MoMA PS 1: ‘Bob and Roberta Smith: Art Amnesty’ (through March 8) Bob and Roberta Smith is the cognomen of a British artist who specializes in humorously mocking art institutions and the conventional attitudes they tend to promulgate.
Look at BP in the Gulf and BPAs in the drinking supply and what appears to be a human-generated great extinction.
“Those are the types of thunderstorms that will produce tornadoes in the Great Plains,” he says.
And that should make us optimistic about the future, right?
And he still had his Hogan clubs.
“We’ve put some of our very best people in those spots,” he said.
The move came after federal safety regulators said in June that they were conducting a review of all the major automakers for ignition-switch problems.
The bigger annual celebration, with a thundering military parade and a speech by Mr. Putin, has been moved to May 9, Victory Day, which this year is the 69th anniversary of the defeat of Nazi Germany.
A complaint logged into N.H.T.S.A.,'s consumer database details a similar experience: The owner of an unrepaired 2008 Chevrolet HHR from Voluntown, Conn., wrote: “The dealer stated that the repair was already completed in May of 2014 and would not repair the vehicle a second time.” Even with parts available, the task of coordinating and scheduling repairs and labor has tested dealers.
This is the way of the world at the Fire Department, where countless white families have long sent fathers and sons, uncles and nephews, brothers and cousins onto the job.
That was the point made by General Manager David Griffin, strongly denying that Irving had any direct involvement in the decision to replace Brown.
He nailed three quads, and made them look easy.
“It’s all about transferring heat.
Like Mr. Ratmansky, Mr. Desyatnikov manages to incorporate a sense of the contemporary within this portrait of the past; his music is often rhythmically unpredictable, and his inclusion of two female singers (Svetlana Shilova and Catherine Trottman) surprising but effective.
If we want children to read, we should encourage them to enjoy (within reasonable, sensible limits, obviously) the pleasures of the imagination, among them the thrill of being scared and then realizing it’s only a book.
But when we tried to buy our tickets, we found out they wouldn’t take a card, and all we had was United States dollars, which they also didn’t take.
A pilot project that had been set for the summer was postponed partly because of questions about how public access to the recordings would work.
The actress Trudie Styler and her husband, Sting, will be joined by more pop stars – Paul Simon, James Taylor, Dionne Warwick, Ivy Levan – as well as a trumpeter, Chris Botti, and an opera singer, Renée Fleming, in the biennial Rainforest Fund Benefit Concert at Carnegie Hall on April 17.
“It’s like discovering Led Zeppelin.” LATEST PROJECT “My mom read two books last year.
One stipulates that insurers can offer no more than two prescription drug plans to Medicare beneficiaries in the same region.
Mitch Morehart, an economist with the Agriculture Department, said the strong growth in agriculture reflected a recovery in production for some crops after a drought in 2012, as well as strong production and rising prices for livestock.
The big unanswered question is what role the Affordable Care Act has played and will play in prodding the health care system to adopt more efficient practices.
Even if the sluggish expansion in Europe holds up, it’s not great news for Europeans.
The Nimbus dancers struggled too much with the choreography for its ballroom duets with pointed toes to yield their full pleasures, but the dancers, all in white with flashes of bold color on the undersides of the women’s skirts, did make another pretty picture as the sun set: not a blinding vision, but a pleasant one on an evening in August.
It was uncertain why Mr. Schmitz’s lawyer chose to issue a statement now, and Mr. Crocker did not return calls for comment.
Dr. Brickner’s work, in collaboration with the Harvard School of Public Health and others, resulted in two patents for devices to generate germ-killing ultraviolet light.
(She is the exception in another sense as well: a woman in a field still dominated by men.)
Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. One River Gallery, 49 North Dean Street.
Yet Mr. Ackman’s staff acknowledges that this crusade is really rooted in one goal: finding a way to undermine public confidence in Herbalife so that his $1 billion bet will produce an equally enormous return.
In a Whitman’s ad from 1943 , a wholesome young woman holds a piece of chocolate and stands in front of a photo of a soldier in uniform as if to say: If she can’t have the guy, she’ll have the next best thing.
The Law Enforcement Department has declined to comment.
Oregon Department of Administrative Services, $216.2 million of state lottery revenue refinancing bonds.
All three cost $9.99 and came on platters with vegetables and rice or wafer-thin, buttery chapati.
“He’s a likable guy, but hitched up to the airport he became damaged goods.” On a recent Friday, Ms. Burke-Gonzalez was sitting in her office at Town Hall.
Others lounged on wooden bleachers at the back of the store — a design element intended to evoke the local custom of sitting on brownstone stoops.
‘Then She Fell’ Go ask Alice (2:00).
(Grode) Permanent Vacation: The Films of Jim Jarmusch (Wednesday through April 10) Another week, another comprehensive blitz through a director’s work in anticipation of his latest release.
Ronaldo, a Brazilian star, was his hero, and he dreamed of wearing the colors of Brazil with a boy’s enthusiasm and naïveté about borders and passports and international politics.
R. Michael Miller’s sets, complete with falling rain, are a treat.
“Replay the tape a million times,” he proposed, “and I doubt that anything like Homo sapiens would ever evolve again.
He is the son of Susan Schiffer Stautberg and A. Theodore Stautberg Jr. of New York and West Palm Beach, Fla.
What’s to stop them from hacking a connected house?
Of course, his detractors will nominate him for an Academy Award, too, after his histrionics helped draw a Portugal red card.
In the third quarter, just before Cruz’s injury, a touchdown pass to Giants tight end Larry Donnell was nullified by a holding penalty on left tackle Will Beatty.
The White House has learned that those efforts are often stymied by the Chinese government.
Mr. Kingston of Wyndeham, who has attended Ipex since the 1980s, was struck by the change.
“I just don’t want cancer.” She and others described their days of making do with bottled water for brushing teeth and heating kettles for sponge baths as akin to life in an undeveloped country.
They brim with enthusiasm for their jobs, their candidates and their country.
“According to the defense officials I have spoken to, they want to resolve the constitutional issues in court first, before implementation,” said Renato Cruz De Castro, an international studies professor at Manila’s De La Salle University, who specializes in the strategic relationship between the United States and the Philippines.
A Sudanese court in May sentences a Christian woman married to an American to be hanged, after first being lashed 100 times, after she refuses to renounce her Christian faith.
McDonagh is excellent, but through Friday, he was only 12th among defensemen with 43 points, well behind the 69 by Ottawa’s Erik Karlsson, the league leader.
She graduated from the University of Minnesota and is a daughter of Dr. Roger C. Larson of Minneapolis and the late Elaine F. Larson.
Let’s start with “Dead Still” on Monday night.
REUTERS Activist Investors Spur M.&.A.
Look forward to some interesting contrasts of curatorial visions and installation approaches.
It was as though Mr. Kane had followed his usual practice of chasing his many and amazing ideas — but this time had run out of breath.
Reversing the classic theme of the-young-man-from-the-provinces, S. Levin, incipient wife-stealer, “formerly a drunkard,” is a refugee from the New York tenements who leaves behind the grit of urban roil to be absorbed by village ways.
We are going to have to give them an experience on this campus that is so powerful that our pool of applicants will expand well beyond African-American men and beyond our borders.” Still, it is likely to be a tough row to hoe.
A deal has not been consummated, and the negotiations could still fall apart, according to these people, who declined to be identified speaking about it publicly.
Eliahou said the League had no qualms about harassing people wearing kaffiyehs, the black-and-white scarf that is a symbol of Palestinian resistance, on the Rue des Rosiers, a street lined with Judaica shops and falafel joints in central Paris.
True, Arizona is a rather strange state.
“We would rather live in a state that appreciates us for who we are,” Mr. Berg said.
Their relationship was strictly professional, Ms. Cain told The San Francisco Chronicle in 1995, until one day “I leaned over and kissed him.
Polls show a tight race, which includes a libertarian candidate expected to get 3 percent to 4 percent of the vote.
Task force agents sometimes observe a tunnel for months before moving in.
Elevated trains rumbled below, drowning out the jangle of circling ice cream trucks.
But I do not enjoy the endless chatter from NBC anchors and the “Today” folks’ generally meaningless talk.
“Evangelicals have been a rural people historically, and the cities were the places where sin was.
I suggest the following protocol.
St. Peter’s Episcopal Church, 500 South Country Road.
I met a few misguided souls who foolishly prefer cobbler, and was reminded that no two bakers produce the same chess pie.
Brandt Snedeker and Kevin Na were tied for third place at three under.
“Chinese leaders have seen that it is imperative to move toward a low-carbon economy.” The modest Chinese steps are ahead of some other major polluters who are unlikely to submit emission-cuts plans ahead of 2015.
— Selin Girit (@selingirit) 18 Feb 14 President Gul, in a meeting with members of the news media on Sunday, denied criticisms that he failed to address public concerns and said he has done his part to improve the legislation in sections that initially “did not suit Turkey.” He has engaged his law office to work on improvements, especially in introduction of a court order before removal of the Internet content, as well as control of personal Internet traffic by the authorities.
By now, a half-dozen photographers were snapping away while a crowd of nearly 100 stood in line at a nearby table, waiting to have their books signed.
Mr. Ruiss said authors and publishers in Austria had long been uneasy with the methods Amazon uses to gain customers.
And, anyway, she may have grander dreams about how her obituary should begin.
It’s by William J. Bernstein, an investment adviser and author on financial subjects, who is making it available free as an e-book, no strings attached, on his website .
History shows they’re not up to the job.
Lashkar’s alliance with the ISI came under strain as some of the militants pushed for a Qaeda-style war on the West.
She succeeds Julia Fry, who left, the magazine said.
They think he is an Italian mastiff.
Mall at Short Hills, 1200 Morris Turnpike.
For all of that, Mr. Crocker still believes Hamid Karzai was the right man for the job Americans effectively chose him for at a conference in Bonn in December 2001.
renewed its rights deal with DirecTV, which will pay an average of $1.5 billion a year from 2015 to 2022 to continue carrying the NFL Sunday Ticket package of out-of-market games, a 50 percent jump compared with the current deal, which expires this season.
17 Roberto Bautista Agut, 6-4, 6-3, 6-2, using an impressive service game and a heavy reliance on net approaches.
But a statement by all three main British parties — the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats — insisted that an independent Scotland would not be able to use the pound.
One of the victims was so badly burned that the person could not be identified.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; and by appointment.
My more recent experience as a volunteer tutor in Wisconsin elementary schools during the past 12 years mirrors that of Mr. Nazaryan in Brooklyn in 2005-06.
The Obama administration says the cost of providing contraceptives will be offset by savings that result from greater use of birth control, “fewer unplanned pregnancies” and improvement in women’s health.
9:35 P.M. (Flix) STAGE BEAUTY (2004) In this costume drama about theater in 17th-century England, directed by Richard Eyre and based on a play by Jeffrey Hatcher, Billy Crudup portrays Ned Kynaston, among the last of the old-school female impersonators.
Adding to the tension over the migrants were fears about Ebola, particularly after Miguel Pajares, a Spanish priest, died on Tuesday in a Madrid hospital.
In the hardest places to live in the United States, people spend a lot of time thinking about diets and religion.
Technically, today’s inversions are more complicated than in the not-too-distant past, when all it took to incorporate in a foreign tax haven was to rent a post office box in the Caribbean.
Officials now know he ended up in Syria, where three days ago, Mr. McCain became the first American to die while fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
The European Union and the United States have repeatedly said they are “working on” financial assistance for Ukraine in conjunction with the International Monetary Fund, but so far no offers have been made public.
He can change the game in different ways.” Mariners catcher Mike Zunino offered the high compliment of “grinder.” “He grinds every at-bat,” Zunino said.
Tours cost $27, last 90 minutes and begin at 11 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. (Also at 3 p.m. on Tuesdays and Fridays.)
He will do good work and be our voice in Parliament.” Mr. Jaitley emerged from his meeting to campaign on the back of an open jeep, flanked by motorcycles bearing B.J.P.
“The RP1 hit the ground running — it seemed to coincide with a renewed interest in vinyl, which has really happened in the past five years,” Mr. Darwin said, estimating that the model now accounts for 60 percent of all turntables made by Rega.
For privacy policy reasons, we will not publish student comments that include a last name.
Sharma, former chairman of Coal India, the main government coal company.
Email us at NYTNow@NYTimes.com .
And it’s not just the banks that lose them.
Their disappearance has riveted the country, where violence against women is all too common.
Especially once key cards are no longer treated like precious metals.
We smelled like cigars and garbage but otherwise hadn’t committed any offense.
How to wade through the crush of culture coming your way this season?
THE TRIALS OF GRAHAM SPANIER I am astounded by Spanier’s reactions to the reports he received.
If the judge grants Mr. Kraus’s request, the court will hear arguments on whether the arbitrators should be removed.
Calls to literacy come in many forms, most of them smug and self-defeating.
(In Ms. Schwartz’s case, she is trying to gain traction in her state’s Democratic primary and hopes her support of the law will help with the party’s base, as well as in the general election.)
In addition to learning language skills by replicating these two activities, students will be creating gifts for their mothers (or, depending on the family situation, their fathers, grandparents, uncles, aunts or guardians).
She shared her story: Drama major, aspiring screenwriter.
Against the Heat, for example, Raymond Felton had a great deal of success operating on pick-and-rolls.
Set (Friday) The breakout dance-pop act of 2011 pulls its stage antics from Freddie Mercury and New Order; its disco-ready riffs from the Bee Gees and LCD Soundsystem; and its cameos from, unfathomably, Michael McDonald.
“I said to my staff, ‘Do not go down this list of questions in order,’ ” said Ms. Landers, who now counts herself as an enthusiastic supporter.
In this resilient town about a mile from Israel’s volatile border with the Gaza Strip, the streets were empty on Thursday but the residents expressed defiance as Israeli troops massed around Gaza after a barrage of rockets including three that hit homes here.
Tejada hit a ball hard for a lineout, but he still went 0 for 3, dropping his average to .067 (1 for 15).
In 1975, this trend was affirmed by the Supreme Court, which ruled that the mentally ill had a right “to live in the least restrictive setting necessary for their well-being,” as Sheehan writes.
The movie’s cheery-dystopian tone, a giddy hybrid of “Idiocracy” and “Team America,” is perfectly calibrated to appeal to me and my children.
May 4 at 7:45 p.m. $65.
“I raised the gun and shot,” he said.
During the trial, each side presented drastically different views of the property, as though trying to price Buckingham Palace if it were in the Bronx.
Mesmerizing LED piping snakes throughout the cabin, even behind the rear seats.
Just as I love a book or film that holds its secrets until close to the end, so do I love a crossword puzzle that does the same thing.
In it, she contended that the script was based on her life and the activities of the Gulabi Gang and that the Bollywood movie defamed her.
Stamford Museum & Nature Center, 39 Scofieldtown Road.
NATIONAL A credit for an illustration last Sunday with an article about problems in setting up casinos in Massachusetts, using information from a publicist, misstated part of the name of the company that supplied the rendering of a $1.3 billion casino proposed for Revere, Mass.
Make the bully owner back down on defense.
There were lots of suits and skirts, laptops and briefcases.
By the beach is a charming croquet lawn, perfect for a late-morning match.
“Then somewhere along the line, assistant coaches became free agents.
In 2012, Mr. Jones cut the management fee for a new share class of Tudor BVI, reflecting investor concern about performance.
Thank you, Dr. Ü nsal.
Ms. Law’s Honda was manufactured in Thailand.
Star athletes were already naturally endowed with certain gifts.
In the end, Mr. Glass turned down NPR, too.
“Mary Beth Edelson: Six Story Gathering Boxes (1972-2014).” “Kate Gilmore: A Roll in the Way.” “Ernesto Neto: The Body That Gravitates on Me.” “David Scanavino: Imperial Texture.” “Cary Smith: Your Eyes They Turn Me.” “Jackie Winsor: With and Within.” “Circumstance,” group show.
And growth in the United States and Britain could slow down , too, if a lot of their major trading partners in Europe and Asia fall into a recession.
The Obama administration claims that ISIS militants are legitimate targets under both the 2001 and the 2002 use of force authorizations because some of the fighters once belonged to the Iraqi Al Qaeda group.
John Madden made the introduction.
Starting July 1, Ms. Orman’s Approved card, a prepaid debit card aimed at budget-challenged consumers, will no longer work, according to a letter from Bancorp Bank, her partner on the product.
China, meanwhile, was the lead voice among nations demanding that developing economies should not be required to commit to any cuts.
We’ve got a home here.
In the real world, markets aren’t perfect.
has faced such a serious crisis relative to the delivery of the Summer Games ever.
Le Ny suggested they look farther afield.
“I thank God every day for the V.A.,” she said.
Other Democrats face a similar challenge: In every contest, at least 10 percent of Democratic supporters oppose the Affordable Care Act and say they wouldn’t vote for a candidate who disagrees with their stance.
It invites investment and becomes its own attraction.
In Beit Hanoun, the northern border town where whole neighborhoods were leveled, more than 1,000 people staged a sit-in on Saturday at Girls Preparatory A. Mohamed Kafarna, a 30-year-old father of six, said he spent the war at a school in Jabaliya, and after the cease-fire he moved to Girls Prep, where he set up camp under a corrugated tin awning in a corner of the courtyard.
The boys flee and swear a vow of secrecy.
Any player with at least one official tour win will also be invited.
The Philipstown Depot Theater, 10 Garrison Landing.
She said so little of substance during her two days of congressional testimony last week that she came across as stonewalling at times.
But at least the suffering country now has a head of state who is not part of the problem, as all her predecessors were, and the financial and military aid should at least give Ms. Samba-Panza some means and time to show that there is an alternative to chaos and violence.
That’s part of my background.
cited no violations by Vertical Capital.
Now, we don’t know what to do with him.
Earlier on Thursday, the police responded to another killing in Queens, at a barbershop in Laurelton.
As green and red strobes flashed around a darkened Midtown studio, some 75 women, many in animal-print Lycra capri pants and wedge-heeled sneakers, scrambled for lipstick touch-ups, then took their places for their exercise class warm-up.
When Norwegian news media first reported the planned sale in April and then named Mr. Huang as a possible buyer, the government immediately came under pressure in Parliament and in the news media to make sure the land did not fall into foreign hands.
“I think, Yes, I am part of the history as well.” When I used to stay on Fournier Street, I saw Gilbert & George a handful of times — giving out tea to the drunks at dawn, stepping out for walks.
The government has said that its primary concern was avoiding an economic cataclysm.
They now have physical proof of their legal rights.” Dramatic images from the Syrian refugee crisis, which exploded to encompass six million people by October 2013.
They have exotic dreams and they live in a saturated version of them.
For them, this is a race against time.
Other estimates put the number closer to 5,000.
Now she has moved to a new city and is starting over.
Both Washington and Seoul said they would press ahead with their annual military drills.
“That was tough.” Still, in its first year, Pure Fix Cycles achieved sales of about $1 million.
The meeting on Tuesday in the Oval Office will be the first of several between White House officials and lawmakers as the administration tries to persuade Congress to embrace the president’s plan to halt the momentum of ISIS.
When appropriate, it said it “consents to a discharge as an undue hardship.” It acknowledged that some cases are “close calls.” Chris Greene, a spokesman for the Department of Education, said that the department offers flexible repayment options and believes that Educational Credit complies with the law and government policies.
It was great feelings to see what’s happening and how he’s feeling.” Ovechkin, 28, said he understood the criticism he received for his play during the Olympics — “I didn’t score lots of goals out there” — but he appeared ready to refocus on the Capitals, who resume play Thursday at Florida.
(Gates) ‘They Call Me Q’ This one-woman show follows an Indian immigrant as she comes to terms with America, her identity and her meddling parents (1:00).
A personal assistant, concerned that he was not responding to knocks on his door, discovered the body, cool to the touch and with rigor mortis, at about 11:45 a.m. on Monday.
Such a state can never be democratic, because in a democracy the people are sovereign.
For any company to operate at a high level, people have to play their positions.
The tower, “a beacon and symbol of progressive, forward-looking civilization,” the petition adds, deserves nomination to the Unesco World Heritage List .
I work hard to try to get as much input as I can, through 360 assessments and interviews with their folks.
His mother is delighted with this modern arrangement, which has transformed her multilevel home and brought the family closer together.
His albatross-scale arm span is so wide that aides have trained him to avoid expansive hand gestures, to keep from accidentally smacking people nearby.
“You can’t really prepare someone to stand up in court and face a lawyer on the other side,” he said.
“She is a writer who lives and embraces living in between,” she said.
(The producers said in their statement that they had an “open-door policy” with the cast to hear their marketing ideas and hired a consultant with expertise in reaching black audiences.)
The Pentagon is trying to convert at least eight underused hospitals into outpatient clinics, but is facing political resistance.
When interviewed, Turner said he could not remember giving a male doll to that lineman.
“I wouldn’t say they were afraid, but they were a bit nervous,” he admitted.
When Belle was very young, her family returned to their home in Odessa, in what is now Ukraine.
The actual punishment will be the lower of whatever the judge decides or the cap.
They used search optimization techniques, trying to at least push the picture off Google’s first page.
And it came on the heels of repeated recommendations from federal regulators and a local environmental advocacy group that the state adopt rules embraced in other communities to safeguard chemicals.
The official, Shafiqullah Nang, the spokesman for the provincial governor, said the victims were all civilians — seven women, three children and two men.
The windows will be uniform, perhaps according to the original standard, and for a few buildings, that will really be a blessing.
Among those, Chicago is a fairly wealthy institution.
Bruce McCarl, an agricultural economist at Texas A&M University and a member of the climate change panel that shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize , has predicted that some crop production would move out of Texas altogether because of excessive heat and a lack of water.
The state of voter list samples has improved, and many voters choose to give their cellphone to the registrar or Secretary of State when they register.
When I step onto the field at the Maryland Soccerplex to warm up for our home opener on April 13, I will be facing a clean slate once again.
While successful, Kudumbashree’s model cannot be replicated in other states, said Mr. John.
At 8 p.m., the Kitchen, 512 West 19th Street, Chelsea, 212-255-5793, thekitchen.org; $20.
Then in March, the company added another 403,000 restraints to the recall.
You never know where they might lead you.
They greeted Lincoln’s Preliminary Emancipation Proclamation of September 1862, for example, with great anticipation but also some anxiety.
Which team do you think will win?
Ms. Allen, who has analyzed variations in more than 70 versions of the Declaration of Independence created between 1776 and 1823, argues that the parchment was already “significantly illegible” by the time Stone began his work.
Their movement was cited as an inspiration for protests against chemical plants by residents in Dalian, Ningbo and Kunming.
“Vanity Fair was perceived as a gossipy magazine even though they do great pieces,” said George Hodgman, a magazine and book editor who worked with Mr. Sessums and, later, Ms. Brown, whom, Mr. Hodgman said, “didn’t want that many writers with a Vanity Fair imprimatur.” Ms. Brown concurred: she said she didn’t want to create Vanity Fair 2.
Knowing that today’s appetite for prime abstract paintings appears boundless, Sotheby’s expects a 1927 Mondrian that has not been on the market since the 1950s to be a star of its June 23 auction.
During oral arguments, the justices questioned how a trial court would determine an intent to threaten.
The permits require that the 20-foot-high letters be reduced to four-by-four-foot sections and sent down a debris chute off the roof.
(“According to family legend,” Mr. Begley writes, “Updike was the first person to make me laugh.”) Yet Mr. Begley, who was for many years books editor at The New York Observer, also assigned Wallace to review the novel “Toward the End of Time “ (1997), and the result was slashing.
FINANCIAL TIMES Twitter Was Fourth-Largest I.P.O.
“Les Rendezvous” is like a high-society garden party, and elsewhere its ballerina is a virtuoso, doing complex pirouettes on point, rapid footwork, twirling jumps.
If you continue the carriage-horse industry you have horses, for an indefinite time, being cast off and put at risk.” At a farm in Oxford, N.J., Mr. Nislick keeps a former carriage horse, Chance, which he bought from a rescue farm in 2008 through a private investigator.
In sex, at least, there’s contact, however fleeting.
FruitSome had its bananas on display.
There’s a mixture of high and low here which is rare in its quality and theater and offers something “for every person and purse,” to borrow the old General Motors line.
That’s the plan for the weekend; on Monday, Mr. Marsalis will preside over a guest-laden benefit for the family of Dwayne Burno, a stalwart and well-loved bassist who died in late December, at only 43.
By agreeing to a one-year contract now with Trout, 22, the Angels avoid having a long-term deal count toward their 2014 luxury tax payroll.
In 2011, I was the official scorer for a late-August game in which the Yankees beat the Oakland Athletics, 22-9.
Goldman has maintained its focus on trading and traditional investment banking activities, such as advising on takeovers and mergers.
Some report that the influx of children to hospitals is “almost outweighing the resources available,” she said.
city and 28 highway for the manual.
Democrats’ hopes of keeping their Senate majority this November may well hinge on the ability of three of their incumbents to hold onto their seats deep in enemy territory: the South.
If India had invested in cancer research just a portion of the billions it spent on the development of a nuclear arsenal, it could be exporting cancer drugs instead of complaining about the cost of imports.
Today, only this small New York space, which the congress has called home since 2009, remains.
But his wife urges him to eat and to “just try harder.” His life expectancy is measurable in days or weeks, Ms. Villars said, regardless of what he eats.
There’s not enough animating “Exposed: A History of Lingerie,” an otherwise nicely produced exhibition at the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
I couldn’t see how I could leave her.
Fiat hopes to use cash from Chrysler to fund investment in its high-end Maserati and Alfa Romeo marques.
By contrast, Malaysian newspapers and television, controlled by pro-government business leaders, were circumspect about the government’s repeated release of contradictory information in the early days, and said little about the air force’s failure to react as the plane turned around and flew back over the country nearly unnoticed.
All the flats are thermally efficient and carbon-neutral.
DARIEN The Darien Historical Society “Here Come the Brides: Grace and Elegance 1855-1950.” Through Oct. 1.
This month, local newspapers published editorials saying it was time to save lives.
Quincy Tyler Bernstine plays the charity’s no-nonsense manager, a nun wrestling with doubts.
Third parties do offer it on Amazon for as little as a penny but Mr. Colbert does not approve, saying “publishers and authors get no cash from used book sales.
Scoring and play is normal, except that the score is “reduced” whenever possible.
Video of the assault on the Pussy Riot activists Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina on Thursday in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.
ADVERTISING for acne products often shows teenagers distraught over breaking out, as did a recent commercial for Oxy Maximum Action in which the word “zit” appears in red letters on teenage faces and screen text asks, “Zituation?” Now, Clean & Clear , the Johnson & Johnson brand, is taking a more low-key approach, with an advertising and social media campaign, See the Real Me, about building confidence in teenage girls.
What happens on the Internet stays on the Internet.
At the headquarters of a newly established pro-Russian self-defense force in the city of Sevastopol on Sunday, would-be recruits gathered beneath a Russian flag and frothed with fury at the “fascists” who they believe have seized power in Kiev and are now preparing to flood into Crimea to plunder and kill anybody who speaks Russian instead of Ukrainian.
“It’s modern enough that it’s interesting and fresh, but at the same time, it keeps those valuable elements of the big Russian scores, and it makes sense physically,” the National Ballet principal dancer Guillaume Côté said in a phone interview from Toronto.
That appeals to Laks Srini, a founder of the San Francisco start-up Zenefits.
“There’s a mystique, an aura, a tradition of success, that’s different than any other organization,” Headley said.
The college’s art gallery exhibits artists such as Eric Dever , whose paintings are on display through Dec. 20.
As the commission’s new leader, Mr. Massad, a former lawyer at Cravath, Swaine & Moore, pledged to take an aggressive stance on the oversight of derivatives markets.
There is a ray of hope for Rangers fans.
At one point Billy gravely tells his friend, the sweets-addicted Bartley (Mr. MacNeill), who has been making fun of a woman who talks to stones, “You shouldn’t laugh at other people’s misfortunes.” This greatly perplexes Bartley, whose answer is unrepentant: “But it’s awfully funny.” He’s right, of course.
person would, by coming out,” Mr. Burton says, and present Richmond as “the first city to come out of the closet.” “It’s a tourism campaign,” he adds, “but it has an effect way beyond tourism.” As if to signal that, one of the coming-out letters has a national scope.
But I fear that the evidence supports the winner-take-all theory’s prediction that they face almost prohibitive odds.
That means government is no longer a major drag — it subtracted 0.09 percentage points from overall growth in the first quarter, an improvement over the 0.68 percentage-point drag in 2011.
JOHNSON “He wants the ball and attacks with so much confidence right now.” Peter Vermes Played for United States from 1988 to 1997, making 67 appearances and scoring 11 goals.
Incumbent Democratic senators in states that went for Mr. Romney in 2012, like Mary Landrieu in Louisiana and Mark Pryor in Arkansas, need some of Mr. Romney’s voters to cross over and vote for them in 2014 — their re-election most likely depends on it.
It was, of course, camouflaged.
At least 15 economic damages cases seek class-action status.
And the total on state exchanges increased 59 percent, to 2.6 million.
But as the world commemorates the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the Great War, the city did its part on Wednesday.
Cassandra Zoé Velasco as the maid and Jason Slayden as the randy Oscar are also charming.
“In other words #ISEE3 thrusters ‘burped,’ ” the next Twitter post explained.
Workplace policies that discourage child-rearing are certainly no help.
Mr. Gurlitt’s lawyers argue that the artwork is not relevant to the tax case and should therefore be released to their client.
We’re making it clear that there are consequences for their actions.
As farmers use herbicides to kill weeds, for example, some weeds inevitably evolve ways to resist the chemicals.
When Ms. Noerdlinger was appointed, her primary job was publicized as strategizing for Ms. McCray, but she has been a key adviser in overall issues affecting the administration.
The Obama administration is allowing a wealthy Ecuadorean woman, a prolific Democratic donor , back into the country after she was barred for fraudulently obtaining visas for her maids.
( Download us for iPhone .)
Girardi said Ellsbury needed the additional rest day before the break.
The federal government, however, has fewer than 800 spaces to detain families.
Early in the film when a friend leaves the home they share, he sneaks out like a thief.
According to the police, Ms. McDonald has been arrested at least seven times from 1994 to 2010 for trying to kidnap children.
DV.load("//www.documentcloud.org/documents/1150002-13-1009-risen-v-united-states.js", { width: 480, height: 675, sidebar: false, container: "#DV-viewer-1150002-13-1009-risen-v-united-states" }); 3.
The acoustics of the smooth-paneled room with its bronze chain curtains are not ideal for high voices, and after a few penetrating top notes turned caustic, she seemed to work hard to rein in the firepower she evidently commands.
“I believe the strike has caused the flight cancellations, but because they did the booking and didn’t give us the documentation, we’re having a terrible time now,” she said.
“These are really cool preliminary results,” said Cheryl Martin, acting director of the Energy Department’s Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, which makes grants to develop energy technologies that are novel and risky but offer big rewards.
Aasim Rizvi, of Sugar & Fluff, said that he often gets inquiries for Anderson elements like “centerpieces made out of old books, midcentury curated furniture and custom topiaries.” In decorating their home, the Pisnieskis drew from the canon as well (a taxidermy wildebeest head is a prized possession, Ms. Pisnieski said), using as an assist “The Wes Anderson Collection,” Matt Zoller Seitz’s fulsome coffee-table book devoted to the auteur’s style, out last fall.
In recent months, officials of the far right National Front have attacked the kebab, France’s most popular fast-food import from the East.
“I always have to look out, behind my back,” he said.
Marchpane opened in 1989 but feels as though it’s been there since the Victorian era.
In contrast, a letter to faculty and students from the University of Adelaide’s vice chancellor, Warren Bebbington, described the proposed changes as unfair.
Combining aspects of her own biography, the physical sciences and psychiatry — Galchen is herself a medical doctor, trained in psychiatry — she created a vertiginous narrative about the nature of love and loss.
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
Phelps did not give Cano anything to hit in his first two at-bats, which resulted in walks.
Almost all faculty members have short-term contracts of a year or two, at most five years; no one has tenure.
The image I previously had of the reverend was of a country parson declaiming in isolation.
He does not imagine that the wealth, or the rock itself, is sustainable.
“You don’t hold these positions without having a sense of your own place in history,” said former Representative Patrick J. Kennedy, who joined Mr. Sabet in founding Project SAM, which strives to reduce marijuana use by emphasizing health risks.
On Wednesday, the Border Patrol gave reporters a first glimpse of this processing center as well as a similar one in Brownsville, Tex., both focal points in the national debate over the sudden stream of unaccompanied minors crossing illegally into the United States.
“We learned that planning and booking travel online takes too long and requires too many open browser windows,” Mr. Hassanyeh said.
In an age when connectivity is a definition of prosperity, Congo has been running backward.
Jarome Iginla scored with 6 minutes 28 seconds left in overtime, lifting the Boston Bruins to a 3-2 win over the host Detroit Red Wings in Game 4 of their opening-round best-of-seven series.
“Back then, the Times of India was very powerful and we were afraid.
The decision will save them millions of dollars and perhaps enhance their chances of remaining under the $189 million payroll luxury tax threshold, depending on whether they are able to sign the free-agent pitcher Masahiro Tanaka.
With a second-floor toilet in 569 Mount Vernon visible from where she sat on Ms. Van’s porch, Ms. Van-Tardy was irritated one afternoon this summer.
International expansion is not a priority, said the 30-year-old Mr. Metzner, who earlier founded the California Burrito Company in Buenos Aires.
Senate approval is widely expected.
Murray Goldberg died six years ago; in his honor, his wife brought his recliner to the premiere in their Pennsylvania hometown.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Westwood Art Gallery, 10 Westwood Avenue.
Nonetheless, “supersymmetry is still an extremely attractive idea,” said Steven Weinberg, a professor of physics at the University of Texas.
Thursdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages, 1200 Route 25A.
The program concluded with Beethoven’s “Les Adieux” Sonata, an interpretation replete with Mr. Serkin’s idiomatic (and sometimes puzzling) interpretive touches.
DealBook » Dixons and Carphone Warehouse Plan Merger to Create $6 Billion Company | The combined company, to be known as Dixons Carphone, would have nearly 3,000 stores in a dozen countries in Europe.
As important, it seems, was the timing of his career, which coincided with major changes in his country and his sport.
The organization was a reliable bearer of the progressive, usually Democratic, torch.
Dialogue, debate and excitement in the classroom should obviously be the goals of all educators.
Through Mr. Duhamel, Mr. Gelband connected with Angela Lindvall, a Victoria’s Secret model who wanted to lose weight after the birth of her second child.
“But would he have abandoned his career to care for me, bathe me, diaper me, dress me, feed me, cater to my behaviors and personal needs?
The safety board has pointed out that if a train uses a mix of new and old designs, the benefit of the new designs will be lost if an older car derails, ignites and sets off the others.
In the watery glow of the light behind him, Fares could make out two ISIS soldiers.
On Monday, Wilson will revisit his baseball past as a Texas Rangers prospect, arriving at the team’s camp in Surprise, Ariz.
The Red Inn is also one of the town’s best upscale dinner spots.
Days before Mammoth Mountain opened this month, on the strength of man-made snow, crews were drilling wells for water.
Ana Durlovski continues her turn as the Queen of the Night, but the sweet-voiced soprano Miah Persson takes over the role of Pamina opposite Toby Spence’s noble Tamino.
He appears pensive, possibly reading, perhaps dreaming, a private moment that he allowed Church to record.
Still, Mr. Obama had not lost all his friends in the church.
Something happens, and before the facts are even settled, the morals are deduced and the lessons drawn.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Yale University Art Gallery, 1111 Chapel Street.
At least 56 people, including some police officers, have been arrested in connection with the missing students.
Some professionals in the book world say that too many literary publishers would rather put out work by writers from Africa than work by African-Americans because in the current climate the Africans are considered more appealing for what is seen as a “black slot.” Marita Golden, an African-American writer who is a founder of the Hurston/Wright Foundation , which supports black writers around the world, acknowledged that those sentiments exist but disagreed with them.
SOUTHAMPTON Southampton Cultural Center “Sex: What She’s Really Thinking,” new play by Ilene Beckerman, with Michael Disher.
Proceeds from the sale would be used for “general corporate purposes,” CRH said.
Obama’s pen has plenty of ink, and I’m sure he’s itching to use it.
“Oh, I thought we were a 1 seed.” It was easy to be confused this weekend at the Garden, where UConn’s surge evoked that of the underdog 2011 team, which, after trampling five teams in five days to win the Big East title, won the national championship three weeks later.
“Just having the camera on me sometimes made me realize that I was lying,” she said, noting that the filming may have accelerated her breakup.
As the courtship proceeds through the usual phases — a beer-chugging contest, a blackmail caper to help a friend — the leads give the movie a sweetness that never dissipates.
But while Stars was a culinary trailblazer, Tavern was always more about the dazzle of its setting.
will not tolerate it.” A lawyer for Ms. Helman declined to comment.
As part of efforts to shed a reputation for gruff and inflexible service, Ryanair has introduced a series of changes, including a revamped website, a new mobile booking application and reductions in certain charges like baggage fees.
After a decade in which the number of homeless people on New York City’s streets had fallen by almost 25 percent, this year has seen an uptick in their number : On a single day in January, the population of the so-called street homeless was 3,357, representing an increase of 6 percent from the year before.
Mega Brands was advised by Rothschild and the law firm of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt.
2) The federal government will no longer be “eliminating a person’s right to choose.” This is the spin from Lincoln Brown, a talk radio host who interviewed Shaun McCutcheon, the plaintiff in the suit that the Supreme Court just decided.
Monroe Township Public Library, 4 Municipal Plaza.
Mr. O’Toole also ignores the offsetting immigration, which brings new and different energies into this country.
Air Travel : There have been weather-related delays at area airports.
Why not use appliqué to soften and feminize an olive-drab military field jacket?
• A headline for a report in the Sports Briefing column in some editions on Saturday about a preseason game between the Rangers and the Chicago Blackhawks misidentified the winner.
— Lydia Polgreen The Oxford comma is “an optional comma before the word ‘and’ at the end of a list.” But the writer Rick Mueller noticed that some of the books he was reading to his kids took “optional” too far, using the comma sometimes and not others.
Though Mr. Buffett was not interested in buying it himself — he has stuck to smaller newspapers — he blessed the idea of selling it to Mr. Bezos of Amazon.
Before this, many had fetched their drinking water from the rivers and open wells.
Most important, Mr. Tohti pointed out that China’s own existing laws could protect minority cultures — if only they were observed.
Owen has been whispering under his breath to sidekicks for years, having them guide him as he faces challenges.
It will be available on the App Store beginning Thursday, for 99 cents, like the other apps.
“The thing is, against Simona, I have to play really aggressive, and you have to step into the court so she doesn’t have the time to play her game,” Petkovic said.
Here’s an example from a 1980 stylebook: Q-heds have been controversial around the Times as far back as the Eisenhower administration.
But no, this involves real swans – mute swans, to be precise.
The home fans booed louder each time the Phillies failed, especially in the ninth, as Mejia struck out Jimmy Rollins, Chase Utley and Ryan Howard.
In East Harlem, as much as the routines of Sunday continued, it was the missing faces that stood out the most.
A defense that has been competitive in recent weeks was fully hung out to dry.
As for these college friends of hers who have scored invites, perhaps your friend’s son is fond of them.
According to a study scheduled for release on Friday, however, less than half the time that children age 2 to 10 spend watching or interacting with electronic screens is with what parents consider “educational” material.
“Being active, being aggressive, being conservative,” the governor said.
Click and enjoy, or scroll down to the comments to tell me what you’d like to see more of in 2014.
We must have a strategy that deals with both Mr. Assad and the jihadists.
And they do not make enough good plays to compensate.
This in turn may explain the second difference between then and now: the imaginative confidence of poets themselves.
One evening they entered his home and tied him and his grandmother up, eventually striking her head with a machete.
My oldest nephew is only 10 years old, so we have some time.
He wanted to help others and to give meaning and to bear witness to their struggles,” Nancy added.
Actors Temple Theater, 339 West 47th Street, Clinton, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
many-many people head to #maidan to pay a tribune to the death.
European voters, paradoxically, have grown less interested.
In Baffin Bay, he discusses adjusting to the constant sunlight.
The project is called Write A House , and it is giving free houses to writers.
The extra renminbi moving through the economy also brought down short-term interest rates, making it easier for troubled real estate developers and other large borrowers to continue borrowing.
Bottega Veneta ’s move into that arena was a success for the designer Tomas Maier — but one that was achieved so discreetly in the Milan men’s shows on Sunday that it seemed like a whisper.
You’re also on the Oscars circuit right now.
In yet another incident, a 33-year-old man was shot in the buttocks by a friend.
“The Stereo Clinic” even gets a cameo when Algernon Edwards, a Harvard-educated African-American surgeon (played by Andre Holland) hired at the Knick over Thackery’s objections, is shown creating it to document the daring procedures he is developing in secret, unbeknown to the white colleagues who bristle at operating alongside him.
You wrap that up with high-visibility products, which fuels distribution.” Bob Thompson, a former Fox Sports executive who oversaw its regional networks, said it was a “pretty good idea to have the Olympic rings out there every day instead of every two years.” Still, he wondered if a round-the-clock Olympic channel would undermine the special nature of the Games.
But with the weather predicted to warm up this week, plant experts say they may finally be in for a treat: a simultaneous burst of color, as flowering species that normally bloom in succession instead paint the landscape pink, yellow and white all at once.
The paradigmatic wealfie is the image you take of yourself getting on or off a private jet, possibly on your way to New Year’s Eve in Morocco or Anguilla.
No one — except maybe Derek Jeter — is more comfortable in this building.
But this can’t be the whole story.
These days, most Arab governments are trying to deal with their own people, and grappling with revolutions and civil wars.
There were approximately 65,000 M-Pesa agents in Kenya at the end of 2013 — each employing one or two cashiers.
Stéphane Bénard, a lawyer based in Athens, said home seekers include Europeans and Americans, with a “growing interest” among buyers from China and Russia.
Former teammates recalled his tendency to drift to the perimeter.
Instead, disturbed by what they saw, the executives fired him.
Parliamentary democracies are often messy, and Italy has a long history of revolving governments.
Only a few dozen people have ever completed the race, which can also be run on foot or on cross-country skis.
XY, you compete as a man.
218 Route 519, Wantage Township.
Rights groups and activists condemned the law, with some pointing to the promotion of antigay sentiment by Western Christian evangelical groups.
I think she had all the pressure because she needed to win.” Bencic will next face Peng Shuai, 28, who made her own bid to assume the mantle of the tournament’s Cinderella with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over No.
Of all domestic travelers, he said, “now we’re around 45 percent” for those receiving PreCheck.
“Most areas of medical intervention work quite well,” she said, “but I think that we’re on the brink of seeing a future where we use psychological interventions and behavioral interventions to maximize their efficacy.” Joshua Jackson, a psychology professor at Washington University, also sees understanding personality as a way to improve physical health.
Among those who did not try the app at all, it was about 8 percent.
In 1999, the national government, then led by the Bharatiya Janata Party, put Mr. Batra in charge of rewriting history textbooks to reflect these and other views of the Hindu right.
The work comprises a partially painted canvas and, in front of it, occasional improvisations by a ballerina and a violinist.
Progress in Iraq and Syria hinges on moving beyond Maliki and Assad.
target, I think first and foremost, we want it to be credible and we want it to be achievable,” Mr. Schwartz said on the call.
“Often we have a very constructive relationship with the state agency,” she said.
As the former Devils wing Jamie Langenbrunner put it when asked if the players had been surprised by Julien’s firing: “We were surprised.
Luck can be a loaded word, but in this context it has nothing to do with rainbows or leprechauns.
Heavy foot traffic — more than 51,000 pedestrians a day, according to Millennium — was a primary draw, but the building’s history and the district’s redevelopment were also factors, according to John Bason, the finance director of Associated British Foods, which owns Primark.
'’) Some of them proved quite harrowing.
He advocates a medical culture that stresses openness about vulnerabilities and fosters connection.
He aggrandized his importance and reverence for him by others at his firm.
“I think Tammy’s a nice person.” Then, thinking about it some more, he added a caveat.
His daughter, Cedella Marley, said, “My dad would be so happy to see people understanding the healing power of the herb.” I think the Marley family might have an easier time touting the “healing power of the herb” if Bob hadn’t died at 36.
Mr. Melle said that the Ville d’Hiver remains a sociable place, with musical recitals and arts gatherings in the summer months.
“You have that one central story to tell,” he said, “and as much as you might try to radically change the production and form of your pictures, you can never get away from yourself.” For gallerygoers, perhaps the images will trigger different stories.
Asked after the game if he thought he was too hard on himself, Torres said, “I don’t really think so.” On Friday, he explained his soccer allegiance by saying that even though he grew up in Santa Cruz, Calif., his father, Jose Torres, was from Zacatecas, Mexico.
After that, I knew I had to hang onto it.” The Coveted K-Code Phil Florio was at a Ford dealership in Centereach, N.Y., the day his Wimbledon White Mustang coupe was delivered.
When the Golden Venture , a rusty freighter loaded with 300 starving immigrants, ran aground off the Rockaways in 1993, and 10 people died, Ms. Cheng became the enduring symbol of the traffic in human cargo, and helped popularize the term snakehead, from the Chinese translation for human-smuggler.
“Snowden’s actions are likely to have lethal consequences for our troops in the field,” said Representative Mike Rogers, Republican of Michigan and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.
“He would tell people that he was happy to have them bike along with him but that he didn’t want anyone biking in front of him, because he wanted the illusion of being alone,” Baker told me.
One of the five is going to retired in a year, so you have to plan that function.
Lavillenie had been unbeaten in 20 consecutive competitions.
We served them as a first course at our cookout that evening.
President Obama took a step in that direction last week, but it is still not enough.
I did eventually get on to Saadiyat Island, by the way, although not by invitation.
But coaches are using it.
The correct diagnosis is … Variegate porphyria The first person with the correct answer was Francis Graziano, a 23-year-old recent graduate of the University of Michigan.
In 2010, Ana Aguiar of Lisbon University and colleagues pointed out that the position of the hexagon on Saturn corresponded to the latitude of a narrow and very speedy jet stream.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 5 p.m. weekdays.
When Marilyn Monroe died in August 1962, with the cause listed as probable suicide, the nation reacted.
Neither appears to pose much of a challenge to the incumbent, Takeo Kawamura, 72, a former education minister.
Every official at the customs post in Torkham and in nearby Jalalabad, where customs fees are paid, is complicit in the scheme, he said — even the office cleaners.
Without Mr. Stout, said Jerry Podany, the senior conservator of antiquities at the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, and the I.I.C.’s president emeritus, conservation might have remained a matter of “dark magic,” practiced by “a scattered group of restorers who worked with traditional recipes that didn’t have a good solid material science base.” Imagining the profession without Mr. Stout’s input, Mr. Podany added, “is like asking where doctors would be if they hadn’t started looking at biology and anatomy.” Sarah Staniforth, the current I.I.C.
The agency began its investigation in January, based on complaints from owners.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg issued a six-page dissent saying the court’s action “risks denying the right to vote to hundreds of thousands of eligible voters.” Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the dissent.
Sami Vatanen and Dustin Penner also scored as Anaheim swept the season series with Phoenix, 5-0.
Researchers at a Jewish organization swiftly noted its resemblance to a painting by Pissarro called “View of Paris” and dated 1902 on the Art Objects at the Jeu de Paume database of works known to have been looted by the Nazis.
The unclassifiable German movie “Der Samurai,” written and directed by Till Kleinert, wraps you up in its strangeness.
Perhaps more crucially, he cooks with Amul butter, the salty brand ubiquitous in Indian restaurants and households.
PEEKSKILL Paramount Hudson Valley “Thank You Michael: The Michael Jackson Experience,” hosted by Kevin Brown.
“The year before we actually moved down here, we took a two-week vacation here because I wanted to see what it would be like to live in the area,” she said.
When Norway, which spends generously on schools, was ranked below average in an earlier study, it produced “PISA shock,” the report said.
Satellite photos have shown areas stippled with fresh excavations by thieves raiding prized archaeological regions.
(It can also be scored by frames, as in bowling.)
The police have yet to provide an explanation for the attack, although suspects have been arrested.
The rule eliminated tax deductions on compensation above $1 million that wasn’t linked to performance.
Though the real reasons, as “Jealousy” makes painfully clear, were less grand, the salve remained.
People interested in discovering the vistas that inspired those artists can follow the Hudson River School Art Trail , excursions to 22 destinations, 17 in the Hudson Valley.
Cuba’s reputation and American policy aren’t relics of the past.
Young men and women were notoriously transient, heading out on “wander years” when life at home seemed stalled.
1 starter, leave as a free agent this winter, and Butler may go, too.
“There,” she said, and faintly smiled.
The lines were simply trying to spread out bookings from June and July, peak months for travel because the Atlantic was at its calmest then, the article said.
Mr. Dowd, 32, is studying for master’s degrees in transportation and in city planning at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he is also a research assistant.
Some institutional investors, like public pension funds, have a specific mandate to invest a portion of their money in funds run by women or minorities.
Mr. Burr, along with other senior Republicans like Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No.
But he cautioned that the effectiveness and practicality of the device had still not been tested in large numbers of patients over long periods of time.
A woman’s melancholic eyes, heavy-lidded with desire, float in the nocturnal sky over a brashly lit skyline and amusement park.
The Salzburg Festival’s president, Helga Rabl-Stadler, maintained in an interview with an Austrian radio station that the legal situation is “very clear,” saying, “a designated intendant has the right to submit letters of intent” and called the purchases a “win-win situation” for both institutions.
I’m trying to pull together some thoughts about interests and ideology in the fight over climate policies, and found myself wondering what exactly is at stake in the supposed “war on coal”.
The labor market is finally tightening up, and that trend has the potential to pay real dividends to both the macroeconomy and the paychecks of working families.
At the beginning of July, they expected a gain of less than 7 percent, according to S&P Capital IQ (NYSE:MHP) , a data provider.
Compressed air blasts from headrests to simulate flying bullets.
“He is a guy who is not prone to missed assignments or anything of that nature,” Coughlin said.
He served as interior minister under Tunisia’s repressive first president, Habib Bourguiba, and as speaker of Parliament under Mr. Ben Ali.
When Mr. Carpenter, in his trademark black leather pants and shirt, came out to rousing applause, he pulled away a black covering, like a magician, to reveal the gleaming console beneath.
“Can’t take it back,” Williams said, noting the Nets do not play again until Friday.
THE SHOW “Woops!” THE LESSON Bring hair dye to the apocalypse.
But the previous B.J.P.-led government, in power from 1998 to 2004, was seen as friendly to the private sector and sold off several ailing companies, such as the carmaker Maruti, now Maruti Sazuki; the telecommunications company VSNL, now Tata Communications; and part of Centaur Hotels.
Locked in a local battle for territory but with an eye cocked warily at the West, Mr. Zahawi is in many ways a prime example of the growing terrorist threat of “decentralized Al Qaeda affiliates and extremists” that President Obama described Wednesday in a speech at West Point.
One 2009 document states the benefits of a Governors Board membership , for a $50,000 annual contribution or a one-time donation of $100,000, saying it “offers the ability to bring their particular expertise to the political process while helping to support the Republican agenda.” Board members received two tickets to “an exclusive breakfast with the Republican governors and members of their staff”; three tickets to the Governors Forums Series, where “a group of 5-8 governors discuss the best policy practices from around the country on a particular topic”; and a D.C.
Still, the horses show few signs of leaving the news.
Parents name their children’s doctor as their most trusted source of vaccine information.
The rest was some kind of weird dream.
He made his first suicide attempt at age 14, swallowing a handful of sleep-aid pills.
A rash of young people attending dance events around the country have died after showing symptoms consistent with overdoses from MDMA, methylone and other synthetic party drugs that are sold as Ecstasy or Molly.
Almost every­thing we learn about his personal life seems to illustrate the larger struggle for social justice.
Voted co-captains for the 2012-13 season, they voluntarily withdrew from Harvard that academic year to avoid the possibility of being ruled ineligible as a result of the university’s investigation into a cheating scandal.
For the journalists gathered in the newsroom on Wednesday, the announcement of a new executive editor of The New York Times was a workplace issue.
“We are preparing to implement a Phase III study in early Alzheimer’s as soon as we can,” a company spokeswoman, Kate Niazi-Sai, said after Mr. Williams’s presentation.
Peru’s most famous chef, Gastón Acurio, is even looking to open a branch of his La Mar cevicheria in high-rent Mayfair.
The desire to win and the fear of losing bring out the hard knocks in Washington.
But the paralysis over Syria has marked a new level of dysfunction, experts say, and has given a fillip to those who call for a fundamental shake-up of the Council’s composition and rules of engagement.
Coming from an organization that has made missteps with the way it communicates with its fan base at times, this was a classy move.
And there’s the rub for those who want to shut down the Ex-Im Bank.
At its core, globalization is not about communications technology; it’s about personal identity.
There’s some energy at the counter that faces the ovens, but very little in the rows of square tables behind it.
“Left.” After a few more turns we were at the base of yet another farm road.
Perhaps that’s my problem,” he said.
“The guy from Argentina I like,” Verdecia Acosta said.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. $4 to $10; members and children 4 and under, free.
None of the companies were told I was writing this column, and my order was the same to each one: a set of glossy 4-by-6 prints and two 11-by-14 prints.
HYDE PARK Half Moon Theater, at the Culinary Institute of America “The World Goes ’Round,” musical revue.
The number of American women age 18 or older who biked six or more times a year fell 10 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the number of men who did so grew 16 percent over the same period, according to a report by the Gluskin Townley Group, a marketing and research consulting firm.
She wanted to resume teaching.
Mrs. Zakheim, 30, is a speech-language pathologist at Our Lady of Lourdes and St. Spyridon, elementary schools in New York.
When Lou tells him he’s incredible, Don says, “Thank you,” not, “You’re welcome.”
But such comparisons of inflation-adjusted growth rates ignore two big factors: that prices are rising faster in China than in the United States, and that China’s currency is also rising against the dollar.
He had most recently been vice president for marketing at Movable Ink, New York.
If it wins its remaining games, including one against Mississippi State, and Alabama loses to Auburn, Ole Miss will win the SEC West.
The fourth comprised 150 condominium-hotel units, which were managed through the hotel.
When Ms. Cervantes, 37, first connected with Chicano art, she said the thrust of the social movement was over, but was still being fought.
This free iOS and Android app streams music while you run, serving mixes of tracks from its archive, with a fun twist: You can choose how many beats per minute the music should have, and the app will match the songs to the pace.
But Mr. Zenón also puts the interview clips to structural use.
“I would have spent it.
Personal High In Mexico City, full of fabulous museums, I visited the shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe to see a great painting that may or may not be a painting.
And though Steiner-Adair mentions the positive ways young people can relate to one another online, her examples feel obligatory rather than substantive.
That’s now ancient history, while Mr. Colbert’s response to it, a taped bit including a shot of his writers leaving their offices with moving boxes, takes on a different cast.
He has only one visible success to build on, “The 11th Hour,” a sale he organized to benefit the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, a wildlife charity, which raised $38.8 million in May.
You can accept the offer and get paid, or reject it and have the phone shipped back to you.
Partygoers were invited to “ Ascend the Wall ” using virtual-reality goggles.
Rating: 6.0 Matt Besler: Besler was shaky in the first half and Azerbaijan nearly took advantage of his miscues.
Which brings me back to the angry reader.
“The other part is the photojournalistic part.
And, lately, we’ve been saying goodbye to top-down, iron-fisted monarchies and autocracies, which have been challenged by massively urbanized, technologically empowered citizens.
Officials regard the new guidance as a less powerful but more accurate description of their plans, which will be highly influenced by how the economy actually performs in coming months.
Friday from 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.; Sunday until 2 p.m.; Thursday until 5 p.m.; closed Saturdays and this Monday and Tuesday; 15 West 16th Street, 212-294-8330, yumuseum.org; $8, $6 for students and 65+, free for children under 5, museum members and students, faculty and administration members of Yeshiva University, free on Friday.
They center on Kareem Ahmed, a million-dollar donor to President Obama’s re-election campaign.
News reports at the time of the attack said 26 people were killed, including nine police officers and security officials; 10 of the attackers were killed.
Their hearts are, after all, in the right place.
After dinner, Hart instructed Broadhurst to gather up the women and leave via the back door.
That opportunity arrived when he was called on to face Blanco in the fourth inning with two outs, a runner on first and St. Louis protecting a 4-3 lead.
A former Ohio high school football player found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl two years ago returned to the field with his old team.
His school, and many others, were unable to meet the P.S.A.L.
The photorealists also worked in two traditional genres of painting: portraiture and still life.
A task force convened by the Obama administration issued the most detailed study yet of blight in Detroit on Tuesday and recommended that the city spend at least $850 million to quickly tear down about 40,000 dilapidated buildings, demolish or restore tens of thousands more, and clear thousands of trash-packed lots.
SHERMAN Sherman Playhouse “It’s a Wonderful Life,” a radio play by Philip Grecian.
I kept my eyes focused on Eugene, so I didn’t see van der Kolk’s face.
The mayor called in to the studios of Hot 97, the trendsetting hip-hop station that started the careers of renowned D.J.s like Funkmaster Flex, for a 12-minute chat with the station’s boisterous morning hosts, Peter Rosenberg and Ebro Darden.
“There’s something cool and working class about El Paso, this town that sort of depends on its sister city — jobs flow back and forth across the border — but has also built a wall between them,” he said.
“That’s a reason so many of us love this area,” he said.
But she opted for a master bedroom on the first floor when she decided to buy a home at the Village of Long Creek near Newark, Del.
Today, fantasy football is Hansen’s job.
The embattled government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra declared the imposition of emergency rule in Bangkok and surrounding areas on Tuesday, suggesting a more aggressive posture toward protesters who have occupied parts of the city during the past two months and are seeking to overthrow the government.
Before the seizure of Mosul, preventing that oil from hitting international markets had been a centerpiece of Washington’s Iraq policy for the past two years, and American officials had believed that the sale of Kurdish oil, without Baghdad getting its cut, was a greater threat to the cohesion of Iraq than surging militants in Syria who had their sights set on bringing the fight to this country.
Reached by phone, an employee of the Zhoutie public security bureau denied that it curtailed Mr. Wu’s freedom.
For another, Mr. Gutierrez is a big fan of Johnny Cash.
His comments were part of a longer post noting that the Nature Group, a powerful scholarly publisher, had apparently begun enforcing at Duke a requirement that authors at institutions with policies allowing open access to research secure waivers exempting their work.
Cabral was not charged with the Yankees’ defeat.
On any given Saturday, Mr. Conn, 38, might be taking a chain saw and poison to the invasive Chinese tallow trees that crowd his property and steal light from the thousands of native bald cypress, bitter pecan and green ash he has planted.
In addition, he said, the government somehow used the computer of one of his clients, Mary Strange, to photograph her face even though her computer did not have a camera.
(In the 1940s, in order to sell a story to Esquire, which took a dim view of submissions by women, she began signing her work with the more androgynous first name Bel.)
There are controversial calls in every game.
In July, when Detroit became the nation’s largest city to seek bankruptcy protection , the news produced a tidal wave of negative attention.
It’s not spread by droplet transmission.
But he added that piecemeal litigation under Section 3 was no substitute for a general requirement that states and localities designated by Congress be subject to federal oversight.
It’s really a head sport.
The six major studios plant trees, recycle, reuse and even compost, and claim that they’re working on becoming 100 percent sustainable.
“These men will abuse the girls and women who are the most accessible to them, regardless of their religion or the color of their skin.” Mr. Ahmed, he pointed out, was separately convicted of 30 counts of child rape of a Pakistani girl, a case that resulted in a 22-year prison sentence later in 2012 but that received much less media attention.
Exiled from the ashram, he spent the rest of his life living as much like a Gandhian as he could.
“I didn’t feel like I did anything, but it was a driving force in my life for a long time.
A crucial part of translation, as I first learned from Bill Weaver in those long-ago lunches, is the surveying of the terrain, a careful reading and a knowledgeable transposition.
“It has taken me a while to really wrap my hands around where we are as a brand.” Reinvigorating the brand included introducing new titles like Life With Archie, which imagined the teenager’s life as an adult and ended with his much publicized death, and Afterlife With Archie, a darker comic book in which Riverdale is overrun by zombies.
But Poland is also on the track to change.
“Why?” I challenged him, clinging onto my “flee with suitcases” fantasy.
“Ebola is scary — it’s a deadly disease,” he said.
“No matter how long we were there, we didn’t know how to predict it,” said Dr. Steve Whiteley, a California emergency physician who volunteered.
Hundreds of people gathered recently along the banks of the Rio Grande for the second Voices From Both Sides festival held along the edge of Lajitas, Texas, and Paso Lajitas, in the Mexican state of Chihuahua.
He is survived by his sister, Patricia Hudson, and his brothers Thomas and James.
Three nominees to the Federal Reserve’s board sailed through a brief confirmation hearing on Thursday, assuring senators of their commitment to strengthen financial regulation and stimulate the economy.
One in 10 students never even meet with an academic counselor.
Books: As with food and clothing, they’re a commodity that elicits status anxiety for many people, particularly the insecure.
Three of the most trusted aides to the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un arrived in South Korea on Saturday to attend the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in a highly unusual trip that could perhaps signal an easing of the tense relations on the divided Korean Peninsula.
Like many in the crowd, Rihanna spent much of the show lip-syncing to Rihanna songs.
She also has a band of unusual makeup, with three guitars alongside bass and drums.
“He’s been inside the secret rooms,” Mr. Stewart said.
Mr. Michaels was chatting with Brian L. Roberts, the chief executive of Comcast, which had recently acquired NBCUniversal in a deal that Mr. Franken opposed.
What we do have are uncompensated family caregivers and undercompensated direct-care workers, most of whom are women.
“I’m talking to anyone who has been dumped — have not gotten the job you really wanted or have received those horrible rejection letters from grad school,” she said.
Mr. Ableman and Eliot Coleman, a Maine farmer, organized the intimate conference.
They spoke about a “new politics” and, as childish as it sounded, they meant it.
The show was always considered an entertainment talk show, not a news talk show.
Facing those types of hitters makes you feel better than if you just break the ice.” DIAMONDBACKS 5, WHITE SOX 1 Chase Anderson won his major league debut, Gerardo Parra and Miguel Montero homered, and Arizona beat host Chicago.
“The 93d New York, alone and unsupported, moved forward through a dense thicket of bushes, briers and brambles, and within five minutes was hotly engaged with the enemy,” reported the regiment’s colonel, John S. Crocker.
We must summon these qualities and apply them immediately and stoutly to the issue of climate change.
“This is my very first wedding,” Judge Allen said as Ms. Engbloom and Ms. Brown stood before her, holding hands.
Now, they focus their attention on building start-ups around the world.
“Did you see the write-up?” he asked.
In 1856, slavery technically ended in Peru, but the need for workers to toil in slavelike conditions in the country’s tin and guano mines did not.
That news may mean a politically fraught exercise for Mr. Obama as he pushes for more reforms while praising the country’s progress.
Total’s participation would be a vote of confidence in the government of Prime Minister David Cameron, which has been trying to promote shale gas as an alternative to declining production of oil and gas in the North Sea, despite opposition from local communities and environmental groups.
“Maybe this is a bit romantic, but why should I sell to big companies if their checks bounce?
While some in tech know of her, Ms. Lovelace, who lived from 1815 to 1852, is far from a household name.
Susan: He has a huge heart, which is probably what made me look at him in the first place.
He must restrain an Israeli instinct for revenge after the cold-blooded murder of three Israeli teenagers abducted by Palestinian terrorists.
If you know of an older quartet, please send in details, preferably with a suitable column deal.
At the end of 2013, she quit construction work.
The carriers begin to make their way from Morocco at dawn, lining up, sometimes for hours, before the border opens at 7 a.m.
The Seahawks also moved to the N.F.C.
• Another mass death sentence in Egypt.
Aug. 30 at 8 p.m. $25 and $40.
The word “Lebensbescheinigung” reminds me that I am the one who, given enervating cancer treatments, sometimes needs to prove to myself that I am alive.
If any of them had seen the 2012 dud “The Divide,” they would have known that cellars don’t work out too well in postapocalyptic situations.
The Irish Dancing Commission , a subcommittee of the league created in 1930, still exists as the largest governing body of Irish dancing schools and competitions.
But he was born on Dec. 13, not on Nov. 13; therefore he was 90 when he died, not 91.
He opened with seven birdies and an eagle on the first eight holes and had 12 birdies over all.
Mr. Abbas did not use the word “occupation,” according to an English translation of his prepared text distributed by the Vatican.
Nishikori has speed and a powerful forehand, but his shrewd grasp of tactics has made him a true contender.
But “50 Shades!” is a musical parody, and a very entertaining one (1:30).
The schedule for the 2014 season, which runs from Friday through Tuesday, is crowded.
BACK STORY The Cannes Film Festival, widely regarded as the most prestigious international film festival, today announces the films that will appear as part of its official selection May 14-25.
Ms. DiLullo blew past those limits; at 24, she threw herself into an idea for an online gift registry.
The hope is that future negotiations will follow this example.
Each of the first-floor wings has a bedroom, one of which is a suite that can be reached through the dining area and has access to the main terrace, a balcony and a walk-in closet.
Distillery discharge is recycled as feed for cows, who produce a bluish “swill milk.” Human waste is claimed by companies that turn “night soil” into fertilizer.
“The code by which I govern my hotels is absolute equality, and that code is endorsed by our ownership,” he said.
Appearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, the commander, Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., said that as long as a new president of Afghanistan was in place by August, he was confident that a new security agreement would be signed to allow American and international troops to leave a residual force in the country, as military commanders would like, and as President Obama has said is his preferred option.
The solution ended up being a system that is smaller and lighter, and that draws half the current of a conventional Bose stereo without compromising the sound quality, according to the audio company.
He made the difference for the United States when he assisted on Brooks’s winner with a perfect corner kick.
In Kigali, Rwandans marked their country’s tragedy with solemn ceremonies .
“We’ll be sorry to see them go.” Not everyone, of course, will be really going.
The dark pants, tightly knotted ties and crisp white shirts that once defined the Mormon man are nearly absent at Brigham Young University , the Mormon school that dominates this city.
Some are simply bizarre: In the “O” haiku, the eyes of Koo and his two friends are vacant squares.
“The relevance of this evidence is unmistakable,” he wrote.
As always, the main barber nodded toward the bench, where I could wait.
The administration said it had become aware of “discriminatory benefit designs” that discouraged people from enrolling because of age or medical condition.
Development of Canary Wharf, built on the site of former cargo docks, was begun in the late 1980s by a Canadian company, Olympia & York, which had the bad timing to be caught by one of London’s periodic real estate busts.
“There’s a lot of great new stuff coming in, but it’s not too crowded yet.” But on the East Side, the Second Avenue subway has been so long-promised that it seemed near-mythical to residents and business owners.
But Mexico’s independence from Spain resulted in its losing Texas to immigrants from the United States, the “illegal aliens” of their day.
Rear Adm. John F. Kirby, the Pentagon spokesman, said the note assures protections “equivalent to those provided to personnel who were in-country before the crisis,” referring to the small number of American troops based at the American Embassy in Baghdad.
What he also didn’t know was that the solution was headed right toward him, in the form of a magnificent bull elephant on the cusp of his prime years.
The use of strong vulgarity in the name of a website, business, book or movie does not compel The Times to repeat it.
Thousands of yeshiva students beyond draft age will immediately be allowed to enter the work force.
The event had fallen by the wayside but last year staff members at the Luckenbach dance hall resurrected it.
Steve Kerr stunned the Knicks on Wednesday by agreeing to a deal to become the coach of the Golden State Warriors.
“I really don’t believe that this is going to take a giant leap to get to a playoff-competitive level.” He paused.
Free with admission: $16.95; $14.95 for 65+; $12.95 for 3 to 12; free for under 3 and members.
But that is a long time off.
Two days later, that show of unity will most likely give way to political discord.
Directors often take her for “a very think-y, intellectual person,” she said.
But that’s what it was back then — the romance.
Prosecutors said Mr. Lowe filed a fake invoice for a printing company in New Jersey to receive $100,000 from the committee in 2010, then took $75,000 for himself.
Because of the size of the school system, small price differences can have a substantial effect — one cent can add up to $1.5 million in meal costs in a year.
The companies said the noncash deal was expected to close in the first half of next year.
“You want to have lots of back and forth.
I really enjoy walking into some out-of-the-way restaurant in some remote part of the world and looking at one of our vintage posters adorning a bar or cafe’s walls.
Irrigation costs are expected to double or triple as growers are forced to buy water on the spot market.
We call on Russia to step back from confrontation and take the path of peace.” As part of a new aid package, NATO agreed to send about $20 million to Kiev to help with cyberdefense, training for its military forces and rehabilitation of wounded soldiers.
From 2004 to 2011, community colleges’ inflation-adjusted educational spending — on instruction, public service and academic support — declined, while their athletic spending increased 35 percent per athlete, the report said.
While Medicare has encouraged providers to bill under their own numbers, the agency acknowledges that data for some providers covers multiple practitioners.
The company has also tapped at least four outside firms to bolster its own staff of seven registered lobbyists, records show.
He was also inspired by a private train built for the Yugoslav dictator Tito with large dining cars, a conference room car and lavish sleeping carriages.
He would be just one more person hurling invective from a basement somewhere if not for all of us — his fans, his enabling social media platforms and his critics in the news media — who have created this troll on steroids.
Also, at some stage, as one senator put it, she has to be today’s news.
Throughout the civil war in Spain he fought with his pen for the Loyalist government.
The going would not be easy.
There are a few things I need to hang up: My dress for the wedding — you should see the skirt on it; yards of fabric, that’s why I needed the second bag.
She did, and the novel, “Where the Heart Is,” was published in 1995 by Grand Central Publishing.
Henri-Jean Renaud remembers the night the Americans floated down from the sky.
Atmosphere is conjured with emergency instructions replaying on a tinny radio, and the occasional visits from the radioactive humans tottering around outside are a welcome diversion.
One of the two arcs reaches from northern Laos to Central Asia.
(Collins-Hughes) ★ ‘Murder for Two’ After a successful run at Second Stage Uptown, this show returns to another Off Broadway space, New World Stages.
“One place comprehended can make us understand other places better,” Eudora Welty wrote in 1956.
Colonel Bivens spoke at a news conference at the Blooming Grove Township municipal building, a few miles from the State Police barracks where the two troopers were shot, and where the American and Pennsylvania flags now fly at half-staff.
The press, which may have once looked at him with respect and admiration, was hostile, even scornful, at times.
The report seemed to indicate that, for four years beginning in 2007, efforts to confront terrorism had resulted in “modest decreases.” But in 2011, the year a Navy SEAL team killed Osama bin Laden at his hide-out in Pakistan, and when Syria’s civil war began, the number of terrorism-related deaths began to rise sharply.
But it hasn’t happened yet.
After a Yale student with symptoms who had returned from West Africa was tested for Ebola, Mr. Katz received dozens of calls from concerned physicians.
Mr. Limonov started his National Bolshevik Party, whose platform was hazy, violent and nostalgic, and the government banned the group.
“His loss would be significant, but as we’ve seen before, any decapitation is only a short-term gain.
Conservative and progressive cardinals are already trading insults.
Did restaurants pave the way for the residential boom, or did the growing population fuel the success of the hospitality business?
An intellectual of unflinching dignity and gravitas, founder of The Threepenny Review and author of nine previous books — including literary memoir, cultural criticism and an incandescent study of Shostakovich — Lesser talks within books as few now are able to do.
The Brown family, before and after the announcement, was talking about systemic change, not violence, but like most in the crowd, it spent the evening battling emotions, not always winning.
Just before tackling the questions from the G.R.E., the students completed a questionnaire that asked whether they belonged to a sports team, what sport they played and whether they had experienced scheduling conflicts between athletics and academic activities like course meetings and laboratory sessions.
Under Mr. Funes, El Salvador has had generally good relations with Washington, although both Congress and the administration have pushed the government to crack down more effectively on organized crime, drug trafficking and corruption.
When Michael Morse singled to center, Pence went home to make it 4-0, and Shields went to the dugout, his evening of work done.
— THE NEW YORK TIMES It is taking a long time for tourists to get onto Tiananmen Square in downtown Beijing, the epicenter of the protests 25 years ago.
To end “Wounds/Mistletoe,” six players whisper randomly into plastic bottles.
monitoring workers’ rights”) so I had to rely on adjacent answers.
They came from the lower rungs of the professional circuit, where money is tighter and expenses often exceed prize money.
And sponsors of the measure, which include Representatives Bill Shuster, Republican of Pennsylvania, and Peter DeFazio, Democrat of Oregon, say their bill would give travelers a better appreciation for how much they are paying in taxes and fees if airlines present the two numbers separately, presumably when fliers try to book a ticket.
IN THE NEWS • The Times dismissed Jill Abramson as executive editor, replacing her with Dean Baquet, the managing editor, in an abrupt change of leadership.
The statement, in all but closing the door on a boycott, went on to read, “As players, we owe it to our teams and our fans to keep our focus on our game, the playoffs and the drive to the finals.” The Clippers responded to the news of the tape with their own statement, saying that they had started an investigation into the authenticity of the recording.
Maria Bamford has a mantra of sorts, and here it is: Do the work.
“I’m looking forward to seeing him out there,” Girardi said.
The bottom floor of the malls are like Eataly in New York, but more compressed.
Mr. Johnson said officials were trying to determine whether the escape had been planned.
The message implicit in the prizewinning documentaries “Detropia ” and “Searching for Sugar Man,” in Detroit’s declaration of bankruptcy in 2013 — in even a casual drive along Gratiot Avenue, past mile after mile of burned-out or boarded-up houses and stores — is that Detroit is in a pitiable state.
Prime members who also own a Kindle device can borrow one book a month from a collection of 500,000 books.
You will be touched in many ways.” Serial rapists who drug women before assaulting them are often very good at what they do once they fine-tune their methods and find a drug that works for them, said Linda Fairstein, who for 26 years was chief of the sex crimes prosecution unit for the New York County District Attorney.
“My attendance record was greaser, but my appearance was Bloomingdale’s Ralph Lauren boys’ department.” She sidestepped teenage angst.
The heart of the series is his portrait of himself as a lonely, lovelorn, twee fool.
You don’t need to do anything.” And I said: “All right.
“Hey, if I was you, I might want me to go away.” He shrugged.
Somewhere along the way, Gould apparently offended an employee.
“Senator, the women of Kentucky and nationally are here today to send you a message,” she said.
It will cost $125 and the proceeds will go to the Principle 6 campaign and to Russian groups.
Other museum apps simply let you appreciate great works from afar, even if you have no plans or ability to visit the physical locations.
But Ukraine offers a moment for hawks like Mr. Rubio to reassert themselves.
Alejo Vietti’s costumes have the suitably muted colors and abraded textures of clothes that have seen too many washboards.
In the almost 30 years that my mother has been a NABS member, the bluebird population has rebounded, not just in McLean, but nationwide.
The Jets have allowed an N.F.L.-high 25 touchdown passes while making the fewest interceptions in the league.
Brazilians have sprinkled Portuguese into the mix.
I was determined to not copy Agatha’s style.
But the drink started off as a self-imposed challenge: rather than put something on the menu that they would never order themselves, Mr. Babinski, 29, and Mr. Glanville, 31, set out to create a version they actually would drink.
Spanning the tumultuous 20th century, this timeless saga celebrates the game that, despite it all, became not just a worldwide sport, but an expression of hope, spirit and unity.” The film stars Tim Roth (Sepp Blatter), Sam Neill (João Havelange) and Gérard Depardieu (Jules Rimet), among others.
The Londoners, in turn, are wary of their hosts, but, by degrees, a tentative rapport is established.
I was in my en suite bathroom.
Fewer than 100 of those beds are used on any given day for patients with influenza or other infectious diseases.
These tears — as well as the not insubstantial expense of the endeavor — were collateral damage toward a larger, longer-term goal.
It also reveals the irreconcilable conflict and class struggle between the poor proletariat (Max and Caroline) and the capitalist (Han Lee).
She is the daughter of Reba J. Defoor of Miami, and the late Richard P. Lancaster, who lived in Tampa, Fla.
By that time, however, Roerich had decamped to Inner Mongolia and Manchuria.
A referendum that was also on Tuesday’s ballot seemed to further drive home the point that Alaskans are not easily persuaded by what they see on television.
She starts a piece and then stops it, and then begins again.
Weddings now can involve four generations from bride to great-grandparents, each with their own sometimes conflicting values and ideas of what is proper wedding etiquette.
Cue pumpkinstein and Mr. Dighera, who got his start in oddly shaped produce several years ago, after coming across a website that featured square watermelons grown in Japan.
Readers discuss whether teachers should warn students about disturbing literature.
In other words, if something could not be proven to be true, then it could be assumed not to be true.
“For probably the first time ever, the Supreme Court has been held accountable to some degree,” said Susan Kaestner, the group’s president, who said she celebrated that the election “wasn’t a rubber stamp.”
In books by soldiers and reporters about Iraq and Afghanistan, it’s the details that slam home a sense of what the wars were like on the front lines: a suicide bomber’s head pulled from the rubble of the mosque he’d bombed; the sonogram of an unborn child found among a soldier’s remains; a bomb technician writing NKA (No Known Allergies) and his blood type on his boots in permanent marker “because feet survive detonations.” War cracks people’s lives apart, unmasks the most extreme emotions, fuels the deepest existential questions.
He said the Methodist pension board did not intend to have any impact on the Presbyterians’ deliberations.
The pursuit of happiness thus involved happiness itself.
Asked whether they also had in mind Jasper Johns’s famous “ White Flag ” painting from 1955, whose enigmatic message has provoked its own speculation, Mr. Leinkauf answered this way: “Johns painted objects of daily life, like flags.
By those measures, we’re within spitting distance today.
Coming out is “a pivotal point in people’s lives,” Ms. O’Donnell says, when “they say who they are,” and “we’re using that as a symbolic way for Richmond to come out” as an attraction for L.G.B.T.
The comedian Bill Cosby is also facing accusations that over the years he abused numerous women, several of whom have come forward in recent weeks.
Here is a look at the parties, the lawyers and the issues in the case.
“We’ve been thoughtful; we wanted to make sure we had differentiation.” Ms. Gordon pointed out that, unlike the competition, Amiibo figures did not need an external base because the Wii U already incorporated the technology to read the figures.
I grew up as a “Doctor Who” and Sherlock Holmes fan, and I’m now running “Doctor Who” and Sherlock Holmes, so that’s pretty personal, too.
It seemed clear that if they had a bullet that would just kill Aereo and not claim innovation as collateral damage, they would.
Not long after the N.C.A.A.
I have 28 years’ experience in my field and a strong track record.
“James Prosek: Wondrous Strange.” Through June 8.
The life and works of Wilde have worked like catnip on composers in recent years.
The performance consisted of a woman in a cavernous dress made of paper, printed with headlines heralding Neil Armstrong’s moon landing, dancing a strange, ethereal, almost alien dance.
When he turned around, Mr. Nézet-Séguin could not disguise how miffed he was.
“We want to deliver a lot of lifestyle-oriented communications around the Pure Leaf brand to break through.” PepsiCo lists Pure Leaf as among six new brands on track to reach at least $100 million in annual American retail sales.
Beha doesn’t say, although I suspect, like me, he could do with fewer dopey “celebrities” cluttering the covers of magazines.
How much could players ultimately make?
“We get to see each other every day,” the junior guard Jordan Sibert said.
Mr. Ulbricht was the artist that the 2wice team initially contacted to feature in the app, but there was one problem: He isn’t a choreographer.
The three-decade-long conflict with many failed attempts at peace because of L.T.T.E.
On Friday, Mr. Obama announced plans to deploy 1,500 additional soldiers to Iraq , effectively doubling the number assigned as advisers to help the Iraqi Army beat back the militants.
But they loved the apartment’s layout the instant they opened the door.
They were supposed to arrive at the German side at 6:06 a.m., and then seize about 1,000 yards of territory, including two farms and a knoll.
Independent candidates can choose later if they want to affiliate with a party, potentially winning more influence if they join the majority.
He is instead a sanguine optimist — a position he says is backed up by his research.
Some ultranationalist groups have protested to demand that it again serve as a mosque.
“Google has put their profits ahead of the safety of children and families and this office will continue to fight them with all the expertise at our disposal in an effort to protect the people of Mississippi.”
The special inspector general’s office released reports in 2012 and 2013 that also castigated the Treasury Department for failing to limit executive compensation at companies receiving bailouts.
Judging by their actions, Fed officials seemed to have defined solvency on a case-by-case basis.
No matter what happens in the second semifinal, Sweden will probably be favored in the gold medal game.
“I don’t think we have yet found our defining show,” he said.
I feel like I introduced Patina Miller.
“People are going back to work, they’re annoyed, they’re fumbling around,” Mr. Mangia said, by way of explanation.
His father is an internist with the University of North Carolina Physicians Network in Siler City.
He even understands you use the F-word a lot.” In part, Father Gross’s supple way with theology reflects his personal experience.
The world can exist without them.
This weekend, as it faced further criticism for that characterization, it quietly changed the note to say that it was “mistaken in honoring Jackie’s request to not contact the alleged assaulters to get their account.” It also said, “These mistakes are on Rolling Stone, not on Jackie.” In a post on Twitter, Mr. Taibbi said he, like others at the magazine, was “both mortified and sorry — for the public, for anyone affected, and for the source herself.” Jann Wenner, a founder of Rolling Stone and its publisher, declined repeatedly to be interviewed, or to offer any comment.
Liberals were hailing the president on Monday.
On the surface, “Drunk History” can look like a prank as well (Mr. Fielder actually starred in its first episode last year), a dumb joke rooted in the perennial fun of laughing at drunks.
His announcement on Thursday allows states to delay using test results at all in performance reviews.
The “essential cohesion” of the European Union depends on overhauls, Mr. Draghi said in July and again in early August.
Part of the answer lies in the fact that Turkey is still not a mature democracy and its politics are masculinist, aggressive and polarized.
Others bought their children clothes for school, or even Christmas presents.
Eileen Donohue Manhattan I was diagnosed at 59.
Norris, the next batter, smashed it over the tall left-field scoreboard in the first, and Coco Crisp pulled it inside the left-field foul pole in the second.
Here is one way to get started: Imagine a chicken smothered in gravy, cooked on the stove top, served with white rice and steamed green beans with a pat of butter.
I went to games at Yankee Stadium, read the works of Roger Angell and Roger Kahn.
If we plan smartly, development can finance affordable housing, and affordability will attract greater diversity, which makes the city even more appealing to new residents and businesses.
As he spoke, he kept an eye on what he calls the Chrome Cam, a feed from a camera that was installed to protect their prized colt.
From a small stage, a D.J.
In order to toss 10 or 11 miles at some travelers for every dollar they spend, however, Delta will have to do less for plenty of others on many of its routes.
Savage outline a possible method for detecting that our world is actually a computer simulation.
An immigrant whose work was marked by trenchant perceptions of American culture, he achieved — in films like “The Graduate,” “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” and “Carnal Knowledge” and in comedies and dramas on stage — what Orson Welles and Elia Kazan but few if any other directors have: popular and artistic success in both film and theater.
Bring binoculars and wear drab colored clothing.
PADRES 3, GIANTS 1 Eric Stults and three relievers combined for a four-hitter and Everth Cabrera hit a go-ahead triple to lead host San Diego past San Francisco.
Video of a police armored vehicle catching fire during clashes in Kiev.
Sharapova sat on the court on her knees, leaned back, pumped her fists and screamed.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany on Monday said that communication lines with Russia needed to stay open.
That principle, it turns out, applies even to labor strikes.
The Mariners’ offense, on the other hand, stayed patient, and for the third consecutive start, Kuroda allowed at least seven hits and at least three runs.
As about a dozen members of a church council sat on folding chairs and tired couches, Dr. Cooper made his pitch.
(Although we should make sure the Russians don’t have 37-shot revolvers for the mildly suicidal)-: –Bill Gosper The solution to Truth-Tellers and Liars is provided by Marco Moriconi : Numberplayers were, once again, quick at cracking the puzzle and coming up with related puzzles and twists.
Israel originally seized the territory in the 1967 war and evacuated its settlers and soldiers in 2005, but maintained restrictions on imports, exports and travel for the Palestinians left behind.
Last month, they occupied the abandoned Carpenters Estate to make a political point.
■ How do I go about finding a home caregiver?
“That’s a much easier way to earn a profit than drafting a long-term business plan, and taking the risk associated with trying to bring in guests and having to invest in maintenance.” One upshot is that many of the buildings here were constructed on the cheap.
“It’s not a big thing.
Greece has the most ambitious privatization program, including the pending sale of its gas company and island properties, as it has pledged to sell assets worth 11 billion euros, or $15 billion, by the end of 2015 to cut its debts and pay back creditors.
But it has to keep a running tally of the additional cost of each plane as the deferred cost total.
It’s the same method used early in an election cycle by Leo and other forecasting models that make predictions based on the so-called fundamentals.
(Even as a tiny boy, I was embarrassed by and for them.)
A Facebook spokesman said a report was filed against Mr. Letwin for using a fake name, which he had not done, and a reviewer looking at his account then mistakenly thought it violated Facebook’s standards regarding promotion of violence and terrorism.
,” a spinoff of “Chicago Fire” that begins on Wednesday on NBC.
“The way I look at it, that’s one less Hollywood lib-prog donor and voter,” one reader wrote in the comments.
“This is real serious stuff, and it should be taken in that spirit.” The fire season will undoubtedly be costly for California as well.
(Isherwood) ‘Of Mice and Men’ In Anna D. Shapiro’s respectable, respectful and generally inert revival of John Steinbeck’s classic portrait of a friendship, James Franco and Chris O’Dowd are the immortal itinerant farmhands George and Lenny.
A 2011 report by the Brookings Institution recommended later start times for high schools, and last summer Arne Duncan, the secretary of education, posted his endorsement of the idea on Twitter.
All of this vagueness is clearly preferable to friends and family asking, “Any luck impregnating that lesbian friend of yours?” or the clinic’s staff greeting me with, “This way, please, to the masturbation room.” But the pretense can only distract so much from what being a sperm donor requires in practice, something I learned all too well during a recent conversation with my 11-year-old brother, Alex.
I even have said it because I needed to hear it echoed back.
The public doesn’t see that much yet, but there’s more in the pipeline.
As I walked with him past the cafe, he stopped to embrace an organic farmer who was eating couscous from a bowl as he read The New Yorker.
“A lot of that money ends up lining the pockets of local officials,” he said.
I love my workplace and have no desire to go elsewhere.
He served in the Army in Europe during World War II before studying art at the Rhode Island School of Design.
In the opening solo, performed in silence, Lindsey Jones enters the stage from the wings, walking on demipoint with bent knees and her hands curved alongside her ears.
As a registered investment adviser, K.K.R.
I shall take what comes, in that magnificent lottery of instruction and entertainment, indulgence, inspiration and disillusionment, that is the Reading of Books!
Host Nebraska (7-0) held Duke (5-2) to just 4 points in the last five minutes of the game.
If the state really wants to save money on prisons, it should reform the criminal justice policies that have given it one of the highest incarceration rates in the country.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it.
Jacob Burns Film Center, 364 Manville Road.
He was accused of inciting violence in the protests.
During the nation’s long tenure in Helmand, which began in 2006, British forces lost 453 servicemen in the conflict.
“The president is desirous of trying to see how we can make our best efforts in order to find a way to facilitate,” Mr. Kerry said.
Cape Town is not alone in this predicament.
But the night-life scene has gotten old for me.” Mr. Fedak sees no conflict between skyline-puncturing newcomers and the prevailing political landscape embodied by Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has made no secret of his opposition to much of the development that defined the Bloomberg years.
So there is no time like now for Trout to win his.
Djokovic has not helped matters, dismantling three top-10 opponents in a row — Cilic, Wawrinka and Berdych — by a combined score of 36-9.
Isn’t that certainty worth the extra coin?
Because we have taken an oath.” A lifelong resident of Staten Island, where it seems everyone knows or lives near a firefighter, Lieutenant Ambelas had tried and given up on other jobs, including opening a 99-cent store that went out of business, but seemed made for firefighting.
We shouldn’t rebuild weapons systems just because we had them during the Cold War.
Mr. Ma and Alibaba pulled off a $25 billion initial public offering , the largest ever despite a corporate governance structure that placed enormous power with Mr. Ma and his Alibaba colleagues and the fact that shareholders invested in a company that didn’t even own Alibaba’s Chinese assets.
They may be completely isolated in that room for two days a week.
The performances throughout the evening were excellent, and much of that excellence was provided by Mr. Neubauer, the lone performer to run the gamut.
“I don’t think so,” Tommen says.
“They are not always looking to be the cheapest, but to maximize the complete value.” A recent study from Wells Fargo found that Walmart’s online prices were 10 percent lower than Amazon’s in four big categories: clothing, electronics, housewares and health and cosmetics.
(Gates) ‘It’s Just Sex’ Jeff Gould’s lightweight comedy, a long-running hit in Los Angeles, is about three married couples whose party turns into an evening of spouse-swapping and postcoital navel-gazing (metaphorically).
And the dancers showed off high-definition technique in committed performances.
• Air travel : La Guardia , J.F.K.
Opel said in September it would cut production at its main factory in St. Petersburg, where it makes Opel Astra and Chevrolet Cruze cars, eliminating a shift and 500 out of 1,600 jobs.
“It helps to slow the kids down a little,” she said.
( Automotive News , subscription required) ■ Chinese authorities have arrested three executives after an auto parts plant explosion there killed 75 people and injured 185.
One juror, who asked not to be identified because the judge had asked the jury not to talk about the deliberations, said the jurors did not necessarily accept Ms. Jordan’s claims as fact, but that they came to agree that she believed they were true.
PENGUINS 3, SENATORS 2 Evgeni Malkin scored twice, and Christian Ehrhoff added the go-ahead goal with 1:50 remaining in the third period to give Pittsburgh a home victory.
Only Tyler Seguin of Dallas has more goals than Nash, with 21.
According to a report from Reuters, the rebates would cost taxpayers about $200 million per year.
But advances in biotechnology have made it possible to begin extracting entire DNA from the bones of ancestors who lived thousands of years ago.
But two months after Mr. Bauer began to pin news articles about Royce Leather products on Pinterest , post articles and customer reviews on Instagram and send photos of new products to young customers on Snapchat, he shut down the experiment.
BREWERS 7, DODGERS 2 Jonathan Lucroy tied a season high with five runs batted in, and Milwaukee completed a three-game sweep of host Los Angeles.
Under securities law, brokers may call clients to gauge their interest in an upcoming I.P.O.
“I tend to believe you should keep it as classic as possible,” Mr. Gallagher said at a recent luncheon at Da Silvano, hosted by the Florentine trade fair Pitti Immagine .And what constitutes classic, in Mr. Gallagher’s estimation?
Now her photographs have been collected in a book, “ Bail Bond ” (Fabrica).
“You gave a team like that enough chances on the power play, and they will hurt you.” Three of Postma’s six career goals have come against the Islanders.
The military station conducts foreign communications interceptions and other work for the Communications Security Establishment Canada, Canada’s electronic spy agency.
How we face the end of our lives is not a separate category of our life.
Splitter left with 9 minutes 37 seconds remaining, having injured his right shoulder after charging into Ryan Hollins’s chest.
Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 7 p.m.; Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Watershed Gallery, 23 Governor Street.
Television not only broadcast all the key moments of action throughout the race — fans at the track only saw cars zipping past their particular corner — it also brought the human drama of the drivers and teams into living rooms the world over.
In 2001 he added ice cream to a lineup of beef, eggs ($2.50 to $4 per dozen) and honey ($12 a pound), and four years he later began making his own.
For the most part, it isn’t like that anymore.
With its angry, nationalist message, Golden Dawn has tapped into the broad public fury over the country’s economic collapse.
The young Rodriguez surely imagined that he would be a hero, not a pariah, after 20 seasons in the major leagues.
In the Incan Empire, bureaucratic information — tax registers, calendars, military records — was stored using knots, on devices called quipu.
“It was a conservatively cut dress but quite short.
who in the past has run a number of other small companies in need of fresh thinking.
Benjamin Cavender, a Shanghai-based analyst at China Market Research Group, said that food chains were generally reluctant to publish supplier lists because they do not want competitors to know where they obtain their food.
Mr. Wimbush, 18, told a Wayne County circuit judge, James Callahan, that he “got emotional” when he saw the accident.
“We go to great lengths to lower our profile.”
leadership is prepared to prevent this from ever happening again — which is all important.” She disagreed with Mr. Brennan’s conclusion that it is “unknowable” whether brutality and torture employed by the C.I.A.
Indeed, while the Summer Games are often fed by athletic powerhouses like Auburn, Florida and Southern California, the Winter Games draw from a more eclectic group, including small colleges like Utah Valley, Alaska Pacific and the Community College of Rhode Island.
Mr. Iovine, one of the most powerful figures in the music industry, brings to Apple “deep celebrity connections and a devil-may-care attitude that stands in stark contrast to the businesslike manner of Mr. Cook,” Ben Sisario writes in The New York Times .
Since 2010, Portugal Telecom has had a 22.3 percent stake in Oi.
Because many attacks occur at parties, victims are often “abused while they’re drunk, under the influence of drugs, passed out or otherwise incapacitated,” the report said.
They would owe no federal estate tax.
Along with conservation, the fund’s projects also connect small farmers with buyers looking for goods that are produced sustainably.
His newly generated T cells didn’t produce H.I.V.
This is probably the cause of your complaint, if I had to guess.
There is a dying woman serenaded by a dozen or so volunteers with the hymn “How Great Thou Art”; an inmate who finds new purpose in life as a hospice volunteer; a man who lost two limbs, cherishing his nurse’s visits because “Brian is an Army guy,” too.
Increasingly, the search has encompassed seas to the west of the Malaysian peninsula, stretching from the Strait of Malacca to the Bay of Bengal, where the United States and India sent military planes and ships.
Audience members know the material so well because half the humor comes from merely reproducing every ludicrous plot twist and trope from the TV show (including Zack’s giant cellphone, Becky the Duck and other allusions that will be familiar to longtime fans).
Still many Americans are struggling with low wages, reduced hours and difficulty in finding decent jobs.
to mention the problem directly to the gift giver.
Decades of fighting, breaking barriers and enduring the slings and arrows of discrimination can build an immunity to displays of emotion.
Beginning in his 60s, though, Dr. Harman followed his own advice and took large doses of vitamins E and C and other antioxidants.
So far, the Supreme Court has refused to intervene.
In an interview, the energy minister at the time, Dragomir Stoynev, called Gazprom’s suggestions a form of lobbying, insisting that “nobody dictated the terms; these were all our suggested changes.” But in a letter dated June 6, 2014, Mr. Stoynev acknowledged a direct Russian hand.
Roy Hibbert paced Indiana with 19 points, but foul trouble sent him to the bench in the third quarter, and the Pistons took advantage.
There is, though, something admirable about their verve, their tenacity, their independence and their savvy imagination.
Cutting weight is widely regarded as the most cost-effective way to reduce fuel consumption and greenhouse gases.
RIDGEFIELD Watershed Gallery “Little Houses,” Kim Hanna, Karen Kalkstein and Denise Minnerly.
The growth in Wells Fargo’s car loan business underscores the shifting strategies between the bank and JPMorgan.
As part of their effort, lawmakers used the 2014 defense bill to impose three conditions on the transfer of detainees: the defense secretary must certify that it is in the national interest to make the transfer; steps must be taken to reduce the chances a detainee could pose a future threat; and Congress must be notified of a planned transfer 30 days in advance.
has provided roughly 32,000 more emails directly from Ms. Lerner’s account.
Ms. Seifert’s watch is a Jaeger-LeCoultre Reverso Duo, a flip-over watch with back-to-back dials that can show the time in two zones.
“They told me that the video I gave to the press was fabricated, that everything I said and all my testimonies are a lie, that this is a serious violation of the law, and that I made the I.D.F.
Around the World • A small-business owner remembers helping fugitives escape the crackdown in Tiananmen Square.
John C. Hart Memorial Library, 1130 East Main Street.
ESPN’s agreement alone is worth $1.9 billion a year, or $15.2 billion throughout the contract’s duration.
players have joined the concussion lawsuit against the league, their lawyers said Friday.
The book, which explores the tensions between the French and the Bush administration over the direction of the war on terror, was the basis of the director Bertrand Tavernier’s recent comedy, “The French Minister.” Mr. Baudry, a French diplomat, will take part in this discussion, titled “Drawing the Line: Inside France’s Resistance to the Iraq War,” with Frank Rich, a columnist for New York Magazine, and the novelist Edmund White, whose latest book is “Inside a Pearl: My Years in Paris.” At 7 p.m., 52 Prince Street, between Lafayette and Mulberry Streets, SoHo, 212-274-1160, mcnallyjackson.com; free.
I’ve long aspired to write about economics, politics and other subjects the way that Neyer writes about baseball.
Oh, Snyder has sued the Oneida Indian Nation for opposing his use of the name Redskins.
ORIOLES 4, INDIANS 1 The rookie Kevin Gausman pitched six strong innings as Baltimore beat host Cleveland to avoid being swept for the first time since May.
logistics officer said AK-47 rifles sent to the Northern Alliance after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks came from the C.I.A.’s Midwest Depot stockpiles.
The deaths expand the increasingly violent struggle for control over Ukraine’s Black Sea port, which had been quiet until last week, when seven people were wounded in a roadside bombing.
Ian left school at 16 and joined the South African Army.
Every single person at the company who interviews people has to go through an interviewing class where we teach them how to be good interviewers, and we’re reminding them of the culture and how to filter for it.
The earned income credit for low-wage workers would be converted to a more limited deduction on payroll taxes.
But there was not a trace of the animosity roiling the Met during that arresting evening of opera.
“After 20 games went by and I hadn’t scored, I think those dreams went away a little bit.
It presents a face reminiscent of a whale shark, with the familiar Aston Martin grille widened and flattened.
This stems not only from the league’s fastidiousness about its image but also from Mr. Madden’s insistence that the game be exciting and educational.
The album petitioned for pop crossover stardom with several genial, unremarkable odes to “cool chicks.” A Miranda Lambert cameo capped the labor.
He is a son of the late Sara Krane and the late Alexander Krane, who lived in Tucson.
Theater DANBURY Richter Arts Center “The Wizard of Oz,” musical by John Kane, Harold Arlen and E. Y. Harburg.
Many severely injured patients were transported to hospitals in Shanghai, some with burns covering 90 percent of their bodies, according to the site.
I’ve read the breathless coverage and wonder when manners and budget will permit a switch to an iPhone 6.
ON TELEVISION, IS IT BETTER TO PICK YOUR MOMENTS OR JUMP IN WHENEVER YOU WANT?
The fundamentally sensationalist nature of Mr. McGregor’s dance idiom (he doesn’t do small, delicate, gentle or subtle) is on one side; on the other is his strenuous braininess.
The killings also highlight the increasing use by the police of military-style weapons to fight street crime, which some experts have argued are fundamentally changing the nature of urban police work.
Illinois Health Facilities Authority, $110 million of revenue bonds.
These changes aren’t happening simply because the national population has grown over the same period, either.
Then the 10-cent fee kicked in.
“When I saw Cristina, I realized she should be one of the first ones” to enroll, Ms. Koll said.
He gives the invasiveness visual form in digital collages that splice together country and town.
The creditors say that termination fee improperly favors the two swap counterparties, Bank of America and UBS.
But, it said, “you have to use an extraordinary amount of data in a single billing period,” an outcome that usually comes from “streaming very large amounts of video and music daily over the wireless network,” or other activities, like online gaming.
Shares fell as much as 5.1 percent on Thursday to 1.302 million won, the lowest since late August.
The movie, directed by Norman Jewison, was widely criticized as simplistic and rife with historical inaccuracies .
23 Middle Tennessee rallied to defeat visiting Alabama-Birmingham.
In fact he’s a very positive character, and I think there isn’t enough of that.
Mr. Ravenel is precisely the kind of unrestrained character a reality show needs to thrive.
Manziel has completed 14 of 27 passes for 128 yards, with one touchdown pass and no interceptions.
Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum: ‘Grandes Dames and Grand Plans: 100 Years of History at Bartow-Pell’ (Saturday and Sunday) These are the last days of this exhibition that tells the story of this historic site, which was restored in the early 1900s as the headquarters of the International Garden Club (now the Bartow-Pell Conservancy), with photographs, books and other items.
"Fargo" is a series with no direct narrative connection to the 1996 movie “Fargo,” written and directed by Ethan and Joel Coen.
Fridays and Saturdays, June 20 through 28.
One would say that could be an amazing pant, and the other would say an amazing vest.
Enjoy yourself, and you’re going to be fine.’ ”
We shouldn’t be surprised when a seemingly stable pattern suddenly changes.
The fact is that many people who once had a seemingly unbreakable faith in CCTV no longer trust it.
Dec. 10 at 7:30 p.m. $13 to $23.
Twelve different oysters is like 12 sips of different wine.
The deal includes an equity investment of about 85 million pounds, or about $140 million, and the assumption of debt.
But what Leonard did next came as a revelation to Ayres, who thought he had seen it all.
His father is a senior manager in charge of corporate functions for BASF Global, the German chemical company; he splits his time between Wyandotte, Mich., and Tarrytown, N.Y.
There are occasions when our first intuitive judgment is the best one – or at least moves the ball forward – but even then it makes sense to revisit decisions as new facts arise.
was originally known as H.A.H.A., not because laughter is a common reaction from someone first hearing about the region’s passion for hockey.)
“Solar Reserve” will change throughout the day, simulating the actual movements of the sun, moon and stars across the sky.
has clearly decided that provoking a strike is the course of action it intends to pursue,” said Anthony Simon, the leader of the railroad’s largest labor group.
Fall 2011 Suddenly, a simple color-block sweater became high fashion.
He also argued that credits would cause more disruption to the employer-based market and would be more prone to fraud.
An additional 600,000 are injured while drunk, and nearly 100,000 become victims of alcohol-influenced sexual assaults.
The Republican state committee has already used North Carolina as a test case.
They left that residence after a year to rent a room from her cousin.
“Egypt is solidifying the rule of the police and the military,” he said.
All of a sudden the woman did a double take when she realized I was the same woman whose face was on her in-flight screen talking about wine.
The collective will of his anonymous players becomes a stand-in for the housebound, reclusive game-master’s own desires: “The unnamed every-­player who lies in the weeds at the moment of Trace Italian’s opening move — that’s me.” Years pass, and despite gamer audiences shifting to digital realms, Trace Italian still attracts a core of players.
HOW are they being “shrewdly marketed”?
So I made a little house for them.” Her idiosyncratic approach to jewelry — treating it as both personal adornment and public sculpture — was part of the allure for Gagosian, said Louise Neri, a director at the gallery.
“It was quite embarrassing that we didn’t do it.” Mostly, though, her tabloids paid — in at least one case, as much as 150,000 pounds, or about $240,000, for a single article — the court heard.
And the private equity firm General Atlantic backed the country’s lone initial public offering this year.
“This seems like the opposite of that.
“It’s not like a bucket-list thing,” said Kershaw, who is 11-2 with a 1.78 E.R.A.
To the Editor: Re “ Thousands of Toddlers Are Medicated for A.D.H.D., Report Finds, Raising Worries ” (news article, May 17): Considering medications for use in very young children continues to be analogous to breaking the glass on a fire alarm.
It was late spring, and Republican leaders knew that if they wanted to win the Senate, they needed to crush the enemy: not Democrats, but the rebels within their own party.
• A Brooklyn detective was injured when the driver of an A.T.V.
“Galumpha,” acrobatics, visual effects, physical comedy and choreography.
Ward was asking $250 apiece for them.
She added that she had kept paper cups from her first McDonald’s meal, and that when she heard that some were being closed, she ran to the nearest one and ate a Caesar salad.
Booming’s “Making It Last” column profiles baby boomer couples who have been together for more than two decades.
So why is the Republican Party looking so strong in this fall’s midterm elections?
Bruce Arians, Pete Carroll, Jason Garrett — familiar names likely to garner support for The Associated Press coach of the year.
She posted adoption notices on Craigslist, found foster homes for cats and “dreamed of a cat sanctuary with a cafe.” she said.
In a not yet peer-reviewed paper, Saul Hoffman, a professor of economics whose work you cite, raises important issues concerning the need for improved measurement in census data.
Mr. Coronato said officials believed that about 40 people were in the motel at the time of the fire.
The company typically retains ownership of the panels and signs 20-year deals to sell homeowners the power from their own roofs, at a 20 percent discount from the local utility’s prices.
“There are a lot of alternative families with parents who don’t have traditional jobs.” Mr. Seymour is determined to be a doting, involved father despite the demanding hours of the restaurant business.
And that’s when the insurance companies and health care providers will have won.
Now, it says, it needs to cut labor costs, its biggest expense.
A 50-year-old Chinese food delivery man was shot in the head and killed in the Mariners Harbor area of Staten Island, N.Y. , late Tuesday.
Among the changes, Jean-Yves Naouri, chief operating officer, is leaving; Rishad Tobaccowala, chief strategy officer of the VivaKi division, is becoming chief strategist of the Publicis Groupe; and Kevin Roberts, chief executive of Saatchi & Saatchi, is becoming executive chairman of the Saatchi & Saatchi Fallon Group division and “head coach” of the Publicis Groupe, working with senior managers.
It agreed on Monday to give Mr. Loeb and two allies the board seats they had been seeking and to allow his firm to increase its stake to 15 percent.
provides additional strategic ties that will enhance Tokyo’s ability to manage relations with the countries that pose the greatest challenges.
“In the past, there was some kind of compact between the Awami League and the B.N.P.
“It’s a huge opportunity for theater people because so often the venue is a challenge,” said Michael Counts, 34, the director of “Play/Date.” Young companies like 3-Legged Dog, which produced “Play/Date,” are also broadening the definition of theater and, in the process, obliterating the so-called fourth wall between the audience and the actors.
Instead, she said, it was “a challenge for all of us.” If anything, the report may help spur the process of including women in more decision-making roles in church life, some church observers said.
and its teams,” citing harm to its diversity efforts and relationships with fans, business partners and community leaders, among other things.
For example, many countries will face increased challenges for economic development, increased risks from some diseases, or degraded ecosystems, but some countries will probably have increased opportunities for economic development, reduced instances of some diseases, or expanded areas of productive land.
“I found what they said very beautiful.” It gave him an idea.
Laos, the location of nine of these dams, is tapping the river, one of its few natural resources, to generate needed export revenues.
Harris, who has the 11th-best coverage rating (PFF.com) could be deployed to handle Fitzgerald when he lines up from the slot position, which has been the case 46 percent of the time so far this year.
At this point, she and her colleagues are simply trying to figure out the extent of the problem.
The men next contacted their families a few days later from Baghdad, where they had traveled as part of a religious tour group.
The show begins in the ancient kingdom of Kongo, which covered parts of today’s Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
“We have received no application nor is there a process underway through our office to transfer the ownership of the Nets to another company.” Any transfer of ownership must be vetted within the league and approved by at least 23 of 30 N.B.A.
Perhaps LeBron James on his days off?
Officials at the United Nations recently estimated that defeating this outbreak will cost at least $600 million.
Ever since Sunni militants with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria took over Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city, on June 10, Iraqis have feared that Baghdad, to the south, is the insurgents’ goal.
And I had forgotten it.
Its half life is about 17 to 38 years, that’s to say it would take that long to reduce by half.
When Mr. Levy told Mr. Jobs that there was “speculation” that he might go into politics, Mr. Jobs replied that he had no desire to enter the public sector and noted that the private sector could have a greater influence on society.
“Looking at these beacons, we saw tons of potential but really started with something simple,” said Joe Megibow, the chief digital officer of American Eagle.
These programs and others, like the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act just passed by the Senate, offer positive, realistic strategies for narrowing the income gap and providing bona fide opportunities for tens of millions of low-income people and vulnerable groups like veterans, residents of rural communities and senior citizens.
The signing came after heavy pressure from regional mediators and only one day after the Seleka Muslim rebels failed to show up for the second day of talks.
And on April 24, the tiny Beattyville Enterprise in impoverished Lee County, Ky., ran the headline “ McConnell says not his job to bring jobs ” to Kentucky.
My father said: “That’s a bridge I built, and it’s going to outlast me.
It had all the heft of a pivotal match, the type played in the second week, not on the first Friday.
Before I started working at The New York Times, I hadn’t spent much time pondering the question of how editorials came into the world.
In June, the new, mile-long path opened along the river in Upper Manhattan, just below Dyckman Street.
Old people in Widou Thiengoly say they can remember when there were so many trees that you couldn’t see the sky.
Companies have come under fire within Japan for not promoting anyone other than Japanese men.
To the Editor: “ Ending ‘Gay Conversion’ for Good ,” by Jacob M. Victor (Op-Ed, Feb. 13) falls short of recognizing the importance of the proposed legislation to end the practice of trying to change lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender minors in New York State.
Now he waits for the day peacekeepers will evacuate Muslims from Boda and take him to Cameroon.
Hercules sits to the left wearing a feminine pink frock; he’s handling spinning implements, performing an activity ordinarily reserved for women.
Land values are calculated differently these days.
When he was little, a chewing-gum bubble attacked his face.
The move means only that part of his life has ended and another will begin.
And Democrats will seek to tar their opponents by spotlighting the budget’s deep cuts to education, food stamps and transportation programs, its proposed transformation of Medicare, and the tax rate cuts for the rich.
“He’s in a shelter, or on top of a project rooftop — you won’t find him if I find him first.” As of early Tuesday night, the police had given no indication that they had identified a suspect.
If you go up to anyone here and say, ‘I’m struggling with O.C.D.,’ they’ll say, ‘Let me try to work through this with you.’ ” A cumbersome pre-swing ritual helped end Mr. Tessitore’s fledgling baseball career, as it did Mr. Kelly’s; Mr. Tessitore used to touch his nose 10 times at the plate, hoping to avoid getting hit.
You can also buy accessories like a leather wristband and a necklace.
The road to superstardom is all relative and genius certainly loves company, especially on the soccer field.
Spirits were high among the co-workers as they exited the ship.
Mr. Russell credited them with bringing the film’s 1970s style to life, without going overboard.
El Rey Coffee Bar and Luncheonette El Rey’s chef, Gerardo Gonzalez, is stuck at the back of a coffee shop in a tiny improvised kitchen with almost no visible cooking appliances.
Mr. Mugabe has governed his country since its independence from Britain in 1980.
Workers already had been struggling around the clock to build a barricade of sandbags to save the coal-fired Nikola Tesla power plant in the hard-hit town of Obrenovac, along the Sava.
A few positions are available, including one in Vancouver, but he should probably not expect any calls from Trevor Linden.
Bayern Munich is seeking its Champions League title and is trying to become the first club since A.C. Milan (1989 and 1990) to win consecutive titles.
(In an interview with Fortune , the company’s chief executive, Logan Green, conceded that the start-up was valued at roughly around $700 million before the latest investment.)
Indeed, many Asian dishes call for them.
Federal and state officials have scrambled to quell a growing crisis.
Messaging was also used by protesters during the 2009 Iranian presidential election.
Both women write funny, wrenching works from a feminist slant, even as their plays and characters reflect on the complicated and often contradictory legacy of the various waves of feminism.
“We are already feeling a great deal of demand from clients wanting to go to Cuba, because it has been off limits for over 50 years,” he said.
TORRINGTON Warner Theater “Sesame Street Live: Elmo Makes Music.” April 9 at 10:30 a.m. and 6:30 p.m. $16 to $58.
The bombs blew up a small weapons depot, among other targets, and local authorities said they killed six people.
So do private museums housing personal collections amassed by members of the newly rich.
Two generous donations from entertainment companies – Barco, an industry leader in LED screens, and I-Mag, a video installation expert — ensured that the public would get to watch the games on high-quality big screens.
Before Arlene Kagle met the man who would become her second husband, several of the staff members of her co-op on West End Avenue were included in her will.
In 2005 an executive jet of a different type, a Challenger , ran off the end of a runway at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey; the N.T.S.B.
Katharine — for whom time stopped when Andre died, if not before — has trouble wrapping her mind around such changes.
At the Palace, Mary says, “I think if you’re from France and the reigning national champ, you can pull that kind of thing off.
Ralph Peer did indeed take those he discovered away from traditional music, changing their work into pop music that had a regional background and tone.
As the bulk of Americans tune Congress out, the more ardent conservatives have become more emboldened, notably when a freshman senator, Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, virtually took control of the House’s immigration bills.
Last week, for instance, Under Armour unveiled a campaign featuring the model Gisele Bündchen.
In all those things, Connie was my partner and I hers.
He got into his stride against Bartra.
North Korea has denied involvement and instead blamed South Korea for disrupting its websites in recent years.
Farm fields are yielding to the new headquarters of banks, insurance companies and health care providers, whose rapid expansion is luring waves of Iowans to cities and suburbs, and contributing to the state’s enviable 4.5 percent unemployment rate.
“We try to redirect their generalship,” Mattos said.
Marketing • Here are the top 10 marketing takeaways from a recent Economist conference.
Amar’e Stoudemire scored 20 points off the bench for the Knicks (4-13), who shot 38.7 percent from the field and were 2 of 19 from 3-point range.
Baghdad’s infamous Abu Ghraib prison now stands empty.
Mr. Paul, who has identified himself with the wing of the Republican Party complaining about government overreach, issued his statement a day later.
“While it’s always difficult to make a business decision that impacts our valued customers and associates, this important step addresses a strategic priority to improve the profitability of our stores and position J. C. Penney for future success.” By closing stores, Penney said it expected to incur estimated pretax charges of about $26 million in the fourth quarter of its 2013 fiscal year and about $17 million in future periods.
Neymar waits for the referee to step aside after pushing back the defensive wall.
Before the criminals contacted his bank to request the transfer, they used their online access to his telephone account to activate a feature that lets customers forward calls to another phone number.
It can be difficult to obtain long-term visas for film crews visiting Bulgaria.
It was hard to judge it as a piece on Sunday: It became a vehicle for an alumni romp.
Norm Fruchter, a mayoral appointee to a panel that votes on educational policy, conceded that the new law “created some really difficult problems” for the city, just as it is trying to find space for universal prekindergarten classes, relieve crowding and house classrooms that are now in trailers.
Which brings us back, again, to headlines, and to why I’ve forgiven (mostly) whoever wrote the headline that equates to “I Did Not Love My Baby Rhinoceros.” And I’ve forgiven myself (mostly) for what I must have known were words I should not write.
Of course, Congress could change the statutory wording to appease those who insist on misreading the law.
“One person shouldn’t own all the cultural creativity resources.
A 61-story tower designed by Foster and Partners , the firm headed by the Pritzker Prize-winning architect Norman Foster, is rising at 610 Lexington Avenue next to the Seagram Building.
The dancer falls over center-stage, with no apparent cause.
Ms. Raffin calls it Pandemonium Aviaries, a name that requires no explanation when the residents of this feathered hostel have visitors.
You want to spend money the way you want?
SoftBank’s chairman, Masayoshi Son, told colleagues at the time that he intended to get a foothold in China’s Internet market with the aim of holding for years.
She had answers for every question.
Saturday’s election is the first time a woman has ever run for national office here.
For weeks, the authorities here had worked to assure them that the region would be ready for whatever was ahead.
Polls have tended to give Mr. Foley the edge, but with turnout expected to be light, the outcome is very much up in the air.
While Jeff Bezos, the company’s chief executive, celebrated “authors as customers” as recently as his 2013 letter to shareholders , and the retailer tried to enlist independent writers in its campaign against Hachette this summer, some self-published authors are beginning to suspect that they are just another supplier.
The yellow curry was rich without being overwhelming, and the kitchen did a good job with beef; the beef satay and beef with broccoli were both tender and flavorful.
There’s nothing harder in journalism than getting behind the scenes of a manufacturing process, whether it’s for airplanes or frozen food, to see what’s really going on.
But it’s a learning path he went through.
contractor Edward J. Snowden, are reproduced in a new book by Glenn Greenwald, “No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the N.S.A., and the U.S. Surveillance State.” The book is being published Tuesday.
“It’s the focal point for the essence of the entire place.”
A cross-generational collaboration of the piano-pounding songwriters Carole King and Sara Bareilles meshed two self-esteem anthems, Ms. King’s “Beautiful” and Ms. Bareilles’s “Brave.” And the country singer Hunter Hayes introduced his new single, “Invisible,” an anti-bullying hymn.
The manufacturer of the earlier motor, Sierra Nevada Corporation, said in a statement on Friday that it had no involvement with the new SpaceShipTwo motor, which it said was developed internally at Virgin Galactic.
One included merging architectural details with food.
“We hope to turn this into a new chapter in the relations between Baghdad and Erbil, and we never accepted the threatening tone which was commonly used before.”
But the reality of the situation overwhelms such objections.
Oct. 24 and 25 at 8 p.m. $25 to $40.
But decanting will help a young, inhibited, age-worthy wine relax its tight grip on aromas and flavors, especially in an exuberant vintage like 2009, in which the wines are fairly supple.
That does not mean individuals whose sodium intake is high should not take steps to bring it down.
The last tally was 305.
A breakdown of the issues voters will consider Thursday in Scotland’s referendum on independence.
The traditional view has been black-and-white: All tobacco products are harmful and addictive.
Japan, China and the United States are all countries whose economies are more robust and modern than their political systems are.
“They are very religious,” she said.
She added that agencies in China were still accepting them and helping them to apply for tourist or business visas that would allow them entry to the country but not permit them to do modeling work.
If the cap on giving to individual candidates were lifted, and the head of that household spent every penny on contributions—without paying taxes or buying necessities, like food — it would take around 267 election cycles, or 534 years, to catch up to Mr. Adelson.
In the midst of stuffed animals and flowers were two dwarf Christmas trees.
A performance piece with union guys singing in light-up vests?
The French will tell you there’s only one way for an adult to learn their language: pillow talk.
Mayor Bill de Blasio on Wednesday announced a commitment of $350 million of public and private funding to pay for the renovation of 7,500 apartments, in what he called a “major step” toward his 10-year goal of 200,000 new or rehabilitated homes for lower- and middle-income New Yorkers.
(Johnson) Last Chance ★ Asia Society and Museum: ‘Golden Visions of Densatil: A Tibetan Buddhist Monastery’ (closes on Sunday) In the early 20th century, Tibet had thousands of active monasteries; when the Cultural Revolution ended in 1976, it had fewer than 10.
But the replay of a mass shooting at Fort Hood, particularly coming on the heels of the shooting spree in September that left 12 people dead at the Washington Navy Yard, raised questions about what lessons Army officials had learned from the 2009 rampage; how effectively military installations can keep out unauthorized guns; and how prepared they are to deal with threats from within, including from soldiers or contractors intent on doing harm to others on the base.
And trades by the golfer Phil Mickelson and William T. Walters, a high-rolling gambler, just before the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn made an unsolicited offer to buy Clorox in 2011 have all the signs of a potential violation: a quick increase in the stock price that made their risky call options worth millions of dollars.
COLLEGE admission notifications have begun to arrive.
I never felt as if I belonged anywhere, as if I were a foreign exchange student living among the other kids, who seemed predestined to love sports.
In the wake of the recalls and investigations, G.M.
An entire weekend of celebrating will happen on Feb. 7 to 9, when the Bay Street Theater in Sag Harbor will host “It Was 50 Years Ago Today,” a multi-event Beatles fest.
Some districts and states require that students pass standardized tests in order to be promoted to the next grade level.
The negotiators discussed raises, length of the school day, performance evaluations for teachers and revamping the Absent Teacher Reserve, a pool of about 1,000 teachers who are still being paid even though their jobs have been eliminated because of school closings or other reasons.
Simon Johnson , former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund, is the Ronald A. Kurtz Professor of Entrepreneurship at the M.I.T.
“These facts are further indication of the control the Bills exercised over the Jills,” he wrote.
“Once you’re tired, your mental toughness goes out the window,” Dolson said.
“When everything was falling apart and the Tea Party people were screaming, ‘Don’t do anything, don’t do anything,’ I do know that Obama turned to Biden and said: ‘I can’t deal with this.
It also snubbed Heather Rabbatts, one of the sport’s most senior female officials in England.
The European Union needs a crack team to run the European Commission.
Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama had already cut taxes, and the federal budget deficit was enormous.
In announcing the award, the academy said, “Replacing light bulbs and fluorescent tubes with LEDs will lead to a drastic reduction of electricity requirements for lighting.” The president of the Institute of Physics noted: “With 20 percent of the world’s electricity used for lighting, it’s been calculated that optimal use of LED lighting could reduce this to 4 percent.” The winners, Shuji Nakamura, an American, and Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano, both from Japan, justly deserve their Nobel, and should be commended for creating a technology that produces the same amount of light with less energy.
From Time Warner’s point of view, the problem with Fox’s offer was not just its valuation of the company.
He has also mismanaged the cornerback position and failed to provide reliable depth at receiver, and early returns on his drafts are poor.
This means calling in the cavalry, a group of cowboy D.E.A.
It has extensive electronic medical records on its patients and has already collected 45,000 DNA samples.
Otherwise, the state will hold a December runoff between the two candidates receiving the most votes.
The company, which has been without a permanent chief executive ever since, reported a net loss of $19.2 million, or 11 cents a share, most of which was nonrecurring costs, including $5.3 million in legal and other costs connected to Mr. Charney’s departure.
I walk by the obelisk several times a week, and I see tourists come up, pause, and depart.
COMING UP TODAY • Before the storm, Tchaikovsky’s Symphony No.
But establishing what happened to the plane also depends on reconstructing events in the cockpit in the early morning of March 8, when the jet was passing over the Gulf of Thailand between northern Malaysia and southern Vietnam.
“That’s so disrespectful.” Also, she and her mother will release a limited-edition M.A.C.
Ledecky, who sprinted to a world record in the 400 freestyle Saturday night, has the ability to change that.
Gone are the restaurant, classical theater and floor-wide galleries.
Sometimes, she said, people will ask her about his death.
He has given a boost to short guys who want to be taller, and a little extra toe for tall guys who think their feet look comparatively puny.
As Europeans fret that the United States government is continuing to check their online data, Internet privacy has taken center stage.
Television writers today are a little like the Annales school of historians (mostly French), who in previous generations rebelled against Great Men interpretations of history and focused on social and economic forces colliding beneath the surface.
Or does my take not compute?
The A’s are the run-differential darlings, averaging an absurd two runs a game more than their opponents.
The San Francisco Giants became the first team since 1986 to win a protest filed with Major League Baseball and will be able to resume a rain-shortened game the Chicago Cubs thought they had won.
In 1999, just before national elections, Belgian-produced meat and dairy products were found to have been contaminated by dioxin chemicals introduced to animal feed.
What followed was more than a decade of painstaking restoration that was unprecedented in the Met’s history.
Such ventures deliberately invited the questions: Is this dance?
Since the submersible began searching the ocean bed there on Monday, it has gone to depths greater than 15,000 feet.
coaches leave points on the table — and hurt their teams’ chances of victory — by being too timid on fourth down.
The latest in a cluster of South Korean films to address sexual violence against girls and young women — including “Poetry” (2011) , “Don’t Cry, Mommy” (2012) and the 2013 doubleheader of “Hope” and “My No-Mercy Home” — “Han Gong-ju” confronts a culture more inclined to shame victims than perpetrators.
The images are accompanied by Ms. Iselin’s helpful mini-essays that are both personal and full of seaweed lore.
Some things you can touch and feel and experience; others are in some cases behind the walls like electromagnetic field shielding — blocking the E.M.F.s before you put your Sheetrock up.
In these studies, authors exploit quirks in schooling laws that lead similar people to end up with dissimilar levels of education.
(Dargis) ‘Omar’ (No rating, 1:36, in Arabic and Hebrew) The Palestinian director Hany Abu-Assad’s latest film is a tightly plotted, emotionally intense thriller about betrayal and conflicted loyalty on the West Bank.
Gigi, the terrorized gorilla, received a round of Xanax and Paxil and eventually recovered (mostly) with the help of a psychiatrist and a zookeeper who never gave up on her.
“I won’t get into the politics, but now that he’s back he needs to be held 100 percent accountable,” he said.
“He tried scaring people with his voice and intimidation and his bullying and smoke and mirrors.” Ms. Teachout, he continued, “pulled back the curtain.” Mr. Cuomo’s camp has dismissed Mr. Astorino as an obscure nonentity, but it is also taking no chances.
Mr. Mollah was tried for being instrumental in committing rape and massacring unarmed civilian families in their homes with support from the Pakistani Army during night curfews in Dhaka in 1971.
Gunmen shot, hacked and burned to death at least 100 people and razed homes in central Nigeria, a region shaken by disputes over land, religion and ethnicity, local officials and witnesses said Sunday.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the foreign minister, said the agreement was “a first step, and many more must now follow,” but he seemed clearly content that “diplomacy now has a chance.” The firefight in Mariupol on Thursday was the deadliest in eastern Ukraine since the crisis began.
John V. Shields Jr., a retail executive who transformed Trader Joe’s from a quirky Southern California grocery store chain into a billion-dollar enterprise with dozens of still-quirky but uniformly organized grocery stores across the country, died on Oct. 31 in Thousand Oaks, Calif.
“But there are some parts of this illicit trade that, like drugs, can’t be stamped out.” Activists dispute the notion that the governments are serious about cracking down.
The app may launch as soon as early next month.
“It’s like the loss of a family member,” said Christian Folk, the marketing manager for Outdoor Research, a Seattle equipment manufacturer that sponsored Kellogg on his climbs.
One night last month, Lesley King received a Facebook message that reflected what she considers one of the finest qualities of Old Greenwich: a connected community.
But the state of existential despair in which the depression-prone Wallander finds himself is a reflection of the author’s own fears that the Swedish model may no longer be viable in a world of wholesale criminal injustice and disintegrating values.
Golfers must rapidly shift visual focus in order to drive the ball at their feet toward a green in the distance.
That’s the energy of the duo’s live shows, too, as was clear from the rambunctious concert they recently performed at S.O.B.’s , one that came with a rowdy crowd and a stage teeming with fellow rappers, and even the models Cara Delevingne, Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner, who the brothers had not previously met, but who reached out as fans wanting to come to the show.
(It stands for Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Ann Hampton Callaway, jazz and pop.
In keeping with his approach of scarcely acknowledging the primary, Mr. Cuomo skipped the tradition of holding a party on election night.
It’s a transition time.” Some farmers are working to cultivate relationships with watermen, exchanging skills and knowledge as the state works to mediate compromises.
It’s a huge system, and there’s going to be people who want something.” The current regents’ squabbles have been more than typical disagreements.
The ruling is important because the federal government runs the exchange serving 36 states, which account for about two-thirds of the nation’s population.
Then it rolled artillery and multiple-rocket launchers out of shoreline tunnels and fired 500 shells and projectiles from 12:15 to 3:30 p.m. About 100 of them flew across the disputed border and fell into South Korean-controlled waters near Baengnyeong Island, said Kim Min-seok, a spokesman for the South Korean Ministry of National Defense.
“Coach had to make a decision, put me at the four,” Johnson said, referring to the power forward position.
Then, in 2008, the banks nearly collapsed and were bailed out, and the British economy hasn’t been the same.
Riccardo Rizzotto of the Italian Navy said on RAI News, an Italian national broadcaster.
This is meant to ease the burden on the poor.
When morning came, they walked to a nearby house for help, receiving treatment for minor burns and frostbite.
Whalen said she got the drugs for a 16-year-old pregnant girl who didn’t have health insurance and that she didn’t know she needed a prescription.
What makes a great leader, in your view?
In and around Rome, the talk is of Pope Francis’ sage acceptance of the 21st century, of his empathy, of his departure from the stern moralizing on matters of the heart that his predecessors engaged in.
Big, muscular paintings that nod to Willem de Kooning, Philip Guston and Richard Diebenkorn are peppered by lists, charts, sketches and cartoons (some of them published in Ms. Sillman’s personal zine, The O-G).
Her Carmen was more interesting than this “Carmen.”
“Time is getting more and more precious,” Mr. Volle said.
The Jets and the Giants are done without even a sniff of the N.F.L.
BRONX Wave Hill Fall Birding, guided hike through the gardens and woodlands.
Unlike some of the other services, MarketRiders charges separately for rebalancing, an essential piece of online portfolio management because it will help you stay on target with your preferred portfolio returns, reduce market risk and improve performance.
agents, who have been found guilty in absentia, had been acquitted in the original trial because of diplomatic immunity.
Dozens of homegrown tech companies have attracted millions of users.
Think of the progression from the startling exactitude of van Eyck and the velvety brushiness of Titian to the painterly roughness of the Impressionists.
One morning, as he waited for a train to Manhattan, he said, he spotted a spool of wire on the track that he thought would make nice earrings for her.
During the war against Soviet occupation, mujahedeen commanders obliterated a sitting Buddha in the cliff with heavy artillery and looted many of the caves.
This groups all the parents and the couple as hosts.
And even supporters of the highway bill conceded that the Senate had simply punted on dealing with the critical problems of the nation’s crumbling infrastructure until next year.
Presented by Peak Performances and constructed largely from borrowed texts, it takes spectators onto the stage and into its wings, through stairwells and tucked-away spaces, outdoors and back inside again.
They just come in there and beat the hell out of you and do what they want to do.” In most jails and prisons, policies on the use of force specify in some detail how an extraction should unfold: An officer, for example, is assigned an inmate’s arm or leg and told to keep that limb under control.
Mr. Cuomo and the state Democratic Party spent more than $5 million on TV ads in July and August; Mr. Cuomo has also benefited from a deluge of state-funded ads meant to attract businesses to New York.
It’s perfectly watchable in a generic, action-flick way.
After the oral argument in the Citigroup case, the S.E.C., under its new chairwoman, Mary Jo White , announced a change in its policy that will require such an admission in select cases.
Seven soldiers who were wounded in the Saturday shootings were expected to live, Kim Min-seok, a spokesman for the Ministry of National Defense, said on Sunday.
Use it on your face and the backs of your hands, especially when driving.
I’ll get up at 8 in the morning and go to Equinox and do a yoga session for an hour or 45 minutes.
A $1 billion, 250-megawatt project called Silver State South will cover nearly four square miles with solar panels near the California border.
Andrew Ceresney, director of enforcement of the S.E.C., welcomed the jury’s findings.
She survived and made a full recovery, and no one else was infected.
Called Casa del Unicornio — the entrance is flanked by unicorn statues — it is arranged in a traditional quadrangle configuration, with a lush garden of palm trees and bougainvillea in the center.
What is his long-term answer for Israel, if not a two-state solution?
BETTE MIDLER’S HULAWEEN GALA The Divine Miss M hosts her Hulaween Gala to benefit the New York Restoration Project, that runs community gardens.
SANTANA’S MINOR LEAGUE DEAL Johan Santana, a two-time American League Cy Young Award winner, agreed to a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles as he tries to come back from a second major operation on his left shoulder.
One day in early 1996, Davis, who was 32, surprised her husband by saying she would like to serve on the City Council as he once had.
Even the rescues of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage-lending companies that once had to borrow $187.5 billion, have turned profitable.
Though the local police have been reluctant to investigate, the archbishop of Dublin, Diarmuid Martin, has called for an independent inquiry into all such homes for mothers and babies, and the Irish minister for Children and Youth Affairs, Charlie Flanagan, has said there will be a government inquiry.
And at just $2 a week more than a poverty-level income for a family of four, it is indefensibly low.
Documents later obtained by regulators from G.M., however, show that Mr. DeGiorgio did authorize major changes to the switch in 2006.
Gail : Eisenhower seems more like tanks versus golf clubs.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Woodstock School of Art, 2470 Route 212.
“And Robert also has a relationship with Gary Sinise, whose involvement with veterans dates to his playing Lieutenant Dan in ‘Forrest Gump.’ ” Although Mr. Steinlauf declined to discuss the financing of the special, he said that because of filming in Hawaii and at a military base in Germany “it did not have a normal production budget; the expense is among the highest of any we’ve done as a company.” The idea for the special originated with ConAgra’s media agency, Spark , which sent requests for proposals to “quite a few of our media partners,” said John Muszynski, chief investment officer of Spark, part of the Starcom MediaVest Group division of the Publicis Groupe.
But there are many more if there is no deal, Iran’s program resumes unchecked and an opportunity to work with Iran on other regional challenges slips away.
Indonesia is the world’s biggest exporter of nickel ore, refined tin and thermal coal and home to the fifth-largest copper mine and the top gold mine.
It was at the American Enterprise Institute conference that the statutory argument first came to light, in a Power Point presentation by a lawyer from Greenville, S.C., Thomas M. Christina, who specializes in employee benefits.
Yet while many arrivals are quick to pose for Art Basel photographers, some museum trustees say these newcomers turn shy when it comes to writing checks to public museums.
Freeze what you don’t use for poaching the fish.
“There is one person that is completely responsible for this wonderful life that I’ve had the privilege to live in horse racing,” he said.
“The idea of the lone survivalist living underground in a bunker with his guns — it’s absolutely crazy.” The way Ms. Alton sees it, living in a tight-knit community where you know and trust your neighbors is the surest way to survive a disaster.
A mariachi group came out to rehearse on the sidewalk the other night, some shopkeepers reopened their stores, children chased pigeons in the central square and the mayor promised a coming city festival would proceed.
“The neighbors, the kisses, the happiness,” said Samir Bihnam, 46, when asked what Christmas meant to him.
MR. MISHKIN: “Have risen somewhat”?
Although it never materialized, the name survived and in some ways is appropriate.
That and similar disorder charges have been used to convict many human rights advocates who challenged the government of Xi Jinping, the party leader and president, to disclose officials’ wealth and relax censorship and repression of dissent.
He rarely sold any shares of company stock (and owned nearly 1.3 million shares in 2012), emerging at one point as the single largest individual shareholder in the company.
Ms. Peng, in one of the few phrases she used in English, said, “I’ll give it a try,” and wrote a four-character Chinese saying, “Only people of great virtue are suited to undertake great things.” As she wrote, she acknowledged in Chinese, “I’m pretty nervous, too.” Then she presented her work to Mrs. Obama.
(973) 596-6550; newarkmuseum.org.. PATERSON Lambert Castle “Pancakes, Patties and Pies: The History of the Silk City Diner Company of Paterson.” Aug. 6 through Oct. 6.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; and by appointment.
So if Ovechkin maintains his sizable lead in goals and hits bottom in plus/minus (Edmonton’s Nail Yakupov entered the weekend at minus 33), he will have pulled off a remarkable statistical feat.
None of this lessens our concerns about climate change as humanity burns more coal and oil instead of less.
Paul Downs founded Paul Downs Cabinetmakers in 1986.
The team’s current captain, Ziggy Gordon, 21, has already played almost 90 first-team games.
Inside Russia, ordinary people have been slow to adopt their government’s strident line.
He’s never had the ability to separate himself from his work.” Jimmy Zaccari, a detective on Vance’s protection detail, was waiting outside in a black Suburban to drive the couple home.
But it brought him new opportunities.
NEW HAVEN Azoth Gallery, at the New Haven Public Library “Infinities,” Maxwell Clark.
“We need an intelligent protectionism,” Le Pen told Der Spiegel in an interview in June.
That is until he meets Clara (Betsy Blair), a schoolteacher who is also plain and lonely.
That’s when Tribute Steve noticed us.
On Feb. 13, three men were arrested on the road to Mazatlán, including a man called “19,” believed to be the new head assassin for one of Mr. Guzmán’s senior officers, Ismael (Mayo) Zambada.
Once a mighty force in the smartphone market, BlackBerry continues to be a marginal player, a situation most analysts say will remain unchanged despite the release on Wednesday of the BlackBerry Passport , a phone aimed at business users, with an unusual square display and a physical keyboard that doubles as a trackpad.
We must now give them the freedom and resources to end it.
Video of a Channel 4 News interview with the Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on Friday.
The military spokeswoman, who spoke on the condition of anonymity according to protocol, said troops also used live ammunition to disperse a crowd of 150 people hurling rocks and firebombs south of Hebron, wounding one Palestinian man.
The National Audubon Society , using its Christmas Bird Count , estimates there may now be more than five times as many, while federal government data suggests the population has grown more than 10 times.
Police casualties have generally run at twice the level of Afghan Army casualties through much of the war.
... Rams quarterback Shaun Hill left the game against the Vikings with a thigh injury.
Without benefit of quotation marks she makes dialogue a part of exposition, and exposition an extension of dialogue.” He called the novel “one of the most unusual and enjoyable books of the year.” “Prosper,” a 1960 novel set in a French village, and “One Thing I Know,” a 1962 novella about the coming-of-age of a teenage girl in Washington, were both praised for their unusual approaches and nuanced characters.
Mr. Maroe, 32, is a founder and the chief executive of Evisors, an Internet-based career counseling company in New York.
The churches of Venice and the classrooms of Columbia University formed the tent poles of the work of the revered art historian David Rosand, who died at his home in Manhattan on Aug. 8 at 75.
One of the questions she asks is what happens if all artists left society.
Travelers to the Middle East have been warned to stay away from farm animals, and camels in particular.
The reality wasn’t more or less than the idea.
So I wouldn’t want to wait around to see compensation growth pick up a lot to see that the economy is getting closer to full employment.
“But that doesn’t mean that we sit and give up.
For the most part, they’re either very affluent people affected by the special taxes that help finance reform, or at least moderately well-off young men in very good health who can no longer buy cheap, minimalist plans.
“I am convinced Rolling Stone will provide a lens into the genre that currently doesn’t exist,” said Gus Wenner, the director of RollingStone.com and a son of Jann Wenner, the magazine’s founder.
Their familiar yet startlingly altered forms — including playpens, sinks and easy chairs — and truncated human limbs and bodies, have a sharpness that continually bring us up short, conjuring memories both private and shared, including the attacks of September 11.
The Electoral Commission of India has asked social media providers to monitor their sites for fraud in the run-up to the general elections in April this year.
A safer system will require strong federal rules.
(“People will think I’m dead,” he yelps, only half-joking.)
And the scribble inside his head?
“A red beacon not just helps politicians but also the common man,” said Mr. Gautam, who lost his bid for re-election in December to an Aam Aadmi Party candidate.
Vladislav Brig, a senior official in the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic, said by telephone that the rebels expected Ukrainian forces to withdraw from the entire region as a condition for peace.
“In general that’s what it is in France.
Before and after: How Kiev changed in a matter of days for Ukraine’s @Instagram users: //t.co/FrL3ScUfFk //t.co/e55EGa5YVP — Esquire Magazine (@Esquiremag) 21 Feb 14 Journalists and bloggers continued to post intense video of the violence this week online.
Mr. Goerne wielded his beautiful, mellifluous voice to vivid effect throughout, his word painting and nuances enhanced by Mr. Eschenbach’s subtle pianism.
OHIO STATE 66, KENT STATE 0 J. T. Barrett matched a university record with six touchdown passes — five in the first half — to lead No.
In my previous life of dive bars and urban rooftops, it didn’t matter what you said or whether you meant it, as long as you twisted your words into something clever.
I’m going to open today’s discussion with a couple of questions: Why is it so hard to get restaurants in countries that are not the United States to put an ice cube in a drinking glass?
If you really want to be a good person, inform an airline representative in Chicago that you will not be boarding the flight to Milwaukee; this way, someone trying to get to Wisconsin on standby can be pushed onto the flight.
This was a major concern.
“What’s a better use of his time?” The deepening sense of crisis at the White House this week had a familiar feel, recalling the pressure to respond to the Deep Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 and the sometimes panicked scramble to fix a failing health care website in 2013.
Only about a third of the garments made the trip from the show’s point of origin, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
He can also use executive action to advance Democratic priorities on energy, gay rights and climate change.
But Fidesz, which has been widely criticized as taking Hungary in an autocratic direction since taking power in 2010, has become adept at controlling the message.
In bond trading, the price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose 14/32 to 100 29/32, and its yield fell to 2.65 percent from 2.69 percent late Thursday.
He tossed pieces of the less choice cuts into a marinade of lime juice, herbs and chilies for ceviche.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Kamal Adwan Hospital, for instance, has only two beds with ventilators and monitoring equipment, so the critically wounded had to go to the already-overwhelmed Shifa Hospital in Gaza City.
We need regulation to help consumers recognize the perils of the new information landscape without being overwhelmed with data.
Over all, a game of visual and verbal wit was the team sport favored by this circle of friends, and its extroversion grows a bit wearying.
Science aside, no song better embodies the popular culture that surrounds Mars exploration than David Bowie’s “ Life on Mars?
If they manage to do that, there might be some hope that they could, in time, restore voter trust and put Afghanistan on the path to a real democracy.
Finally, there’s Lucas Duda (.256 average, 14 home runs and 49 runs batted in), who has now been nudged upward into the Mets’ troublesome cleanup spot.
And so on Thursday night, after a yearlong buildup made even longer by a few minutes of amiable chitchat, in which he noted that both of his daughters are getting married this summer, Mr. Brown, once a Republican senator from Massachusetts, formally declared his candidacy for his old job, just from a different state.
The ovations were just as lusty, and equally deserved, for the Mexican tenor Javier Camarena as Don Ramiro, the prince, especially after his exciting account of the character’s bravura aria during the first scene of Act II.
“It was a totally new reference — one doesn’t automatically connect Saint Laurent’s taste in interior design with big, whimsical, turquoise and yellow floral prints.” Contrary to what many people think, not all couturiers are gifted, or even competent, designers of rooms.
The relatively low levels of sexual violence do not mean that India is an entirely safe place for women.
In 1977, Smokey Robinson told The Chicago Tribune that he felt “blessed” to have accomplished so much in his career; the track star Jackie Joyner-Kersee called it a “blessing” when she set a world record in the heptathlon.
That’s why I’ve decided to make climate change the subject of my first Policy Guidance as Secretary of State….
He plans to add more, he said, possibly even under phony accounts to avoid legal scrutiny.
Concern was also evident in Louisiana, where a state judge granted the state attorney general, Buddy Caldwell, a temporary restraining order on Monday blocking the dumping of Mr. Duncan’s incinerated personal items in a hazardous-waste landfill in Calcasieu Parish.
“The islands there are tribal, and the policy is to leave them alone,” said V. Anbarasan, the commandant of the Indian Coast Guard in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
During the winter holiday season, hundreds of visitors arrive every day.
Mr. Weir needed a slab of plywood for his bed.
But the company pushing a new project on the coast of Wales thinks its twist — a 21st-century update of traditional dam-based hydropower — will be much easier to bring to fruition.
A roundup of motoring news from the web: ■ Subaru announced Tuesday that it was recalling 5,000 more vehicles for problems with air bags supplied by the Takata Corporation.
Politicians from both major parties, though more so on the right, picked up the cry.
It also put a spotlight on the country’s continuing religious and ethnic strife — and what some say is a flawed government response — even as Myanmar tries to burnish its international image.
She trained everybody, including me.
After he began making chocolate desserts from the cacao, her harvests became coveted by chefs in distant São Paulo.
A. I will start with: “Tell me your story.
They rarely reached a consensus.
9 P.M. (HBO) BANKSY DOES NEW YORK (2014) In October 2013, the British street artist known as Banksy began a monthlong residency in New York City, posting one exhibit a day in an unannounced location and prompting a scavenger hunt as residents searched the five boroughs for works whose images, but not locations, were revealed ahead of time on Banksy’s Instagram account.
Reach us via email diary@nytimes.com or follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
A post-race awards ceremony, with drawings, takes place at Naumburg Bandshell.
Like other practices on Wall Street, however, the more things change, the more they remain the same.
And costs of 401(k) plans have been declining, apparently in response to the threat of litigation.
“If you’re crazy enough to paint Virgin on the side of an airline, people are going to give you the benefit of the doubt that something different is going on here,” he said.
Also on Friday, the insurgents attacked the headquarters of the paramilitary Afghan National Army Civil Order Police in Now Zad District of Helmand Province, ramming the gate of their base with an explosives-filled truck that then detonated, killing four officers and wounding five others, Mr. Zwak said.
Plus, I have competence.” In a Bangalore garage in 1981, he and six associates started Infosys — and with it, an entire industry — using 10,000 rupees, or about $1,120 at the time, of their own savings.
He had organized a competing event for the same day in his residence in Madrid and had invited many of the same people.
TrackingPoint, which manufactures precision-guided firearms, has released a new video demonstrating how wearable technology like Google Glass can improve marksmanship, allowing for “accurate shots around corners.” A user could shoot “behind the back, to the side and over barricades.” It’s like a video game come to life.
Nina Dobrev, as Mr. Wayans’s love interest, has an earthy appeal squandered here.
The music had wisdom and patience, but also telegraphed its desire to be excellent: It asked you, are you noticing, and do you understand how important this moment is?
The court’s much-maligned opinion in Citizens United reinforced and expanded the logic of the long line of cases that established this basic contribution-expenditure distinction.
Yet, even if it has not been the major determinant of class differences in who marries, cultural change has been a factor in what unmarried people are doing.
A Senate report called it the worst act of terrorism on American soil since the Sept. 11 attacks.
Nothing like this had ever happened to me before.
“But I have kids, so I asked and he gave me your name.” She looked me up and down.
But the other side of me was an artist, and my parents realized early on that I had this proclivity to art and design.
GoldieBlox had luck with this approach in a video Ms. Sterling made in 2012 when she raised money for her start-up on the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter.
Now, employees were given responsibility for performance metrics that were tracked on a scoreboard.
Forest City has been working on the 22-acre site for 10 years, but so far the only completed structure is the $1 billion Barclays Center arena .
I would have been happy with a no-call and then let the players finish the game and see what happens.” In the past decade, Boeheim and Duke’s Mike Krzyzewski have become close friends as they have worked together on the United States men’s basketball team in the Summer Olympics, Krzyzewski as the head coach and Boeheim as his top assistant.
Usually the workers were paid 2 rupees for every 100 fields of data they entered.
We dress up a little.
Camus’ conclusion is that, “One must imagine Sisyphus happy.” In Camus’ book, “The Plague,” one of the most powerful moments comes in an exchange between the doctor at the center of the novel, Bernard Rieux, and a journalist named Raymond Rambert.
I had the privilege of touring it with my 10-year-old daughter thanks to the extraordinary curator, Karl Buchberg.
Even as Mr. Bush began to quietly line up donors, and the attention of the news media turned last week to policy disputes over Cuba between two other potential high-profile contenders, Senators Marco Rubio and Rand Paul, Mr. Carson was riding an under-the-radar groundswell.
It recently broadcast the final episode of its second season, featuring reports from crime-ridden Camden, N.J., and refugee camps in Chad and Darfur.
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki ordered a state of emergency for the entire country and called on friendly governments for help, without mentioning the United States specifically.
EGG & SPOON , by Gregory Maguire.
Then Thomas Davis recovered Roddy White’s fumble, and his long runback set up Carolina at the Atlanta 4-yard line.
And yet the government has repeatedly denied the fundamental reality of my situation.
But most of the loans were denominated in Swiss francs, simply because interest rates — and therefore initial monthly payments — were lower.
Other Asian nations suspect China’s priority is building offensive capabilities and point to China’s increasingly assertive postures on sovereignty issues.
Instead, they flopped so badly that a housecleaning could be in order.
“This time things could develop differently because of the public concern over the price that was paid,” he said.
He left no forwarding or contact information.
“I thought it was one of the worst ideas I ever heard,” Mr. Perito said.
The Boluo government has said the proposed incinerator would be able to burn 700 metric tons of waste a day, generating power while releasing minimal pollution with no dangerous amounts of toxins.
Women have become the crucial element of the Democratic coalition in the era of President Obama, propelling both his victories and those of many others in the party, but there is just one female Democratic governor in America today — Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire.
It underscored his status as a star who cannot do it alone.
I think the best option is to help that bothersome “co-worker one title above” to be promoted out of that position, or maybe even get hired away to another company.
“Apparently Mr. Balanchine wanted it that way so he would have this whole group of girls locked away, out of sunlight, only seen when the curtain rises,” Devin Alberda, one of the dancers, says.
Saying the alerts had led to a rise in racial profiling on and around the campus, they called for the university to either remove the suspects’ race from crime alerts or give a written justification for providing such information.
Hoffman uncovers the correspondence of Cornelius van Kessel, a missionary who had won the trust of the Asmat.
As the saying goes, past performance doesn’t guarantee future returns.
Licensing Windows to hardware makers has been one of the financial pillars of Microsoft for decades.
In essence, the court will have to decide what matters more: one person’s freedom to express violent rage, or another person’s freedom to live without the burden of fear?
We’ll work it out,’ ” she recalled.
Another creative thinking aid is Brainsparker, a free iOS app that claims to help tap your “inner genius.” This app is a random flash card app.
Advertising grew at its strongest rate in three years, with 59 percent coming from mobile ads — double the level of a year ago.
One of the more useful gadgets Ford is offering is a step that’s normally hidden inside the tailgate.
While there is no statute of limitation on the charge of murder, the witnesses who were needed to prove the case against Mr. Bruins are no longer alive, Mr. Schulte was quoted as saying.
Developed by a professor at Carnegie Mellon University, its lessons “force” you to read, write, listen and speak.
Permits in the South hit their highest level since April 2008.
So I enjoyed, like, getting to know the medium in which I was working but I so much more got obsessed with the stories that filmmaking told … OSBORNE: But that’s part of your blood, that’s part of your DNA.
Long Island Children’s Museum, 11 Davis Avenue.
When it’s my turn, will I be like this?
VIRTUALLY every single player in the N.F.L.
“We sadly witness Muslims being associated with terror in the Western world, and in the Muslim world, we regret violent attitudes toward Christians,” the president said.
Feels like a war cloak.
“It was a chance to kind of take a step back and think what it could be like to play for Montreal,” Briere said.
Today, 1,314 are licensed by the Department of Consumer Affairs.
“They are, consequently, not pushing property prices out of reach of all Australians.” But Simon Henry of the online real estate site Juwai.com, which serves Chinese buyers, said they clearly have influenced high-end real estate.
To keep someone from coming beatified over this, I think, is wrong.” Archbishop Sheen was best known for reaching up to 30 million viewers each week as the charismatic host of the television show “Life Is Worth Living,” which ran from 1951 to 1957.
Mr. Russell lost both the screenplay award and the directing prize.
“If they really wanted to have a bathroom ministry,” he said, “they would build some sort of bathroom and shower facility for the enormous number of homeless people in New York City.” A few hours spent by the restrooms recently showed how much a part of the fabric of life they have become.
She immediately left the program.
If Eminem only wanted to remain a hero to nostalgists and to rap purists, he wouldn’t need Rihanna.
Goodbye,” Mr. Villegas was reported to say as the single drug that Texas uses took effect.
It seems to have an oily base, and afterward you’ve got to wash it off with lots of soap and water.
Would a defense worker who thought the drone program was illegal be justified or even congratulated for revealing intelligence about that program?
The intimate piece, “a group meditation on masculinity, insecurity and longing,” reveals the magnetic pull between the disaffected and those who claim to know what they want.
If the party is to fully detoxify its image, something will have to pass next year.
She is easy to spot on the driving range, with her short hair and her skirt so long the hem nearly reaches her knees.
March 18 at 7:30 p.m. $10 and $15.
Marianne Vitale’s sculptures made from steel components of railroad switches known as frogs are one highlight; Jessica Jackson Hutchins’s neo-hippie assemblages with found ceramics and a handwoven hammock another.
But prosecutors have accused him of premeditated murder, a crime that carries a minimum 25-year prison term on conviction in South Africa, which does not have the death penalty.
Mr. Jonathan and his aides have been baffled by the criticism that he was slow in responding to the abduction of the schoolgirls.
Still the work was less concerned with dance expression than with its own mediocre ideas.
And the issue has taken on added importance with the Russia-Ukraine crisis threatening Germany’s largest single source of natural gas.
Still, administration officials said the deal was not intended to contain China.
However obnoxious, Love’s smugness does cast a spell, as did his creator’s.
I asked him, if we had expected an attack on Pearl Harbor, would we have had the fleet at anchor in Pearl Harbor?
Here’s what we noticed on Tuesday: Why Even North Korea Outpaces the U.S. in Credit Card Security Forbes | Americans keep having problems with credit card security because the industry won’t buy the technology the rest of the world uses.
“Ultimate responsibility for these crimes lies at the feet of the highest level officials” in the George W. Bush administration.
Keep it brief and family-friendly, include your hometown and go easy on the caps-lock key.
DKNY’s 14 “real people” from the streets of New York ad, as well as Rita Ora.
They include an older brother, Donald Mankiewicz; four stepdaughters, Marianna, Margaret and Maureen Koval and Monica Krider; and eight step-grandchildren.
As D. Graham Burnett, a professor of the history of science at Princeton, points out in “The Sounding of the Whale: Science and Cetaceans in the 20th Century,” the United States Navy has run a once-classified marine mammal program since 1960.
Part of the reason Mr. Beaty can’t unweave his two strands is that they’ve been tangled together since he was a child.
More than a quarter of Americans have no savings at all.
The chef and author of “Prune” and “Blood, Bones and Butter”: “The perfectness of reading is when a book hits you and you hit it and .
In the last few years, Ton has become a revolutionary force in a field that would seem unlikely to generate many — the Kafkaesque-titled Operations Management.
The question is whether tomorrow’s liberals will be our allies in that fight.
Scientists say determining who is right depends on the answers to a few key questions: Who is the water for?
(Smith later said that he thought the Knicks were trailing by 2 points, even though the score was tied.)
The men in her Harvard classes shoot their arms straight up to answer questions, while the women tend toward a bent-elbow wave.
“We cannot afford to make a mistake,” he said.
Once the threat to the king is exposed, the clock is ticking: Who is responsible, where will the blow strike, how can it be stopped?
If you need an idea, all you have to do is look up and study people for walk-on roles.
Federal officials on Tuesday announced that they would recommend for the first time that women who are pregnant or breast-feeding and young children eat a minimum of two servings of low-mercury seafood every week for their health.
(Scott) ‘Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit’ (PG-13, 1:45) Chris Pine is the latest actor to take on Tom Clancy’s most famous creation, the analyst extraordinaire Jack Ryan.
“My country right or wrong” is not a sentiment that leads to progress or to a realistic view of the world.
One might think that Claes Oldenburg was collaborating on capsule collections with the fashion cognoscenti.
Apparently, Yanukovych is still in Ukraine.
Mr. Escoffery, who had an absent father, said that the impulse to produce explicitly autobiographical music grew in part out of a desire to understand his relationship with his own son, who is now 6 years old.
But judging by the online announcement of their wedding, scheduled for Sept. 5, he is not all work and no play: “Craig’s friends say he’s a goofball, incredibly gifted in both art, music and science, and a go-getter.”
“You never go wrong playing for a school that Phil Knight graduated from,” Amardi said, referring to the Nike chairman.
Set in a lush vegetable garden in the increasingly trendy Tay Ho District, the restaurant serves local draft beer alongside Vietnamese-style dishes made with organic produce.
On Friday, Ms. Loewen and a handful of other demonstrators were among the first anti-abortion activists, as a few police officers looked on and a volunteer escort stood ready to bring patients inside the clinic.
“They stabbed an 18-year-old girl over 30 times, a 7-year-old girl more than 15 times,” she said, pointing to the television cameras.
agent based in Moscow at the time said he had not been aware that Mr. Tsarnaev had traveled to Russia, and “characterized the travel as ‘huge.’ ” The agent said he would have relayed that information to the F.B.I.
(“I’m beginning to be specialized in that kind of adult comedy,” she said, sounding a little surprised.)
And while Corky may have wished for mainstream recognition, Mr. Griggs realizes that the national spotlight might come at a cost.
Mr. Valls has called a rare confidence vote in the National Assembly for Tuesday, as he tries to corral his party toward reforms and away from what he calls “old Socialism.” While his government seems likely to succeed, several leftist lawmakers have threatened a rebellion, and, if the vote fails, it could precipitate new elections.
Incorporating comprehensive programs may be more cost-effective than we think.
“The defining challenge of our time, economically, is secular stagnation,” he said.
Selig said Seeley’s background would allow him to “protect the interests of our clubs and players alike.” Seeley will soon work under the direction of Rob Manfred, who was elected last month to succeed Selig as commissioner.
How you experience the wine will be affected by what you eat with it.
He was relishing a cigarette, the first he had openly smoked in six months.
As depressing as it may be to abolitionists driven by a commitment to human rights, Americans, most of whom are white and live above the poverty line, find it hard to sympathize with members of an indigent, mostly minority death-row population who have been convicted of horrible crimes.
Bill Haslam of Tennessee, a Republican, was one of the few governors who seemed at least open to the prospect, but he also did not embrace it.
There was a lot of hand wringing after 2008, but little fundamental change.
The director, Patrick Hughes, pours forth gunfire barrages, explosions and a few leaping stunts into this rambling, overly leisurely adventure.
We’ve got a lot of important stuff to get done in the last two years.
Today, gambling accounts for only 30 percent to 35 percent of revenues at Las Vegas casinos.
Some of his most exuberant boasts have negative titles — “Can’t Make This Up,” “Don’t Know.” And he has a sense of humor, but a wry one — “Three months behind on rent, but my p.o., I paid him,” he raps on “Just Want Some Money.” Mr. Gates, from Baton Rouge, La., is lyrically dexterous in the manner of older Southern giants like Bun B and 8Ball, but raps with a flat affect, as if no amount of hardship could fluster him.
The new award also acknowledges, and rightly so, that men’s wear really is a different beast from women’s wear: “Revolutionary” changes can seem, to the unschooled eye, barely noticeable, and the room for experimentation is arguably even more limited.
El salario promedio en Cuba, en la actualidad, equivale a aproximadamente el 28% del valor adquisitivo antes del colapso de la Unión Soviética, según el Centro de Estudios de la Economía Cubana, una entidad estatal adscrita a la Universidad de la Habana.
One of his most questionable efforts came in March, when Tomic lost, 6-0, 6-1, to Jarkko Nieminen in Key Biscayne, Fla. At 28 minutes 20 seconds, it was the shortest completed match in ATP history.
That car is scheduled to be auctioned in Monterey in August.
Sara dreamed of a life in the opera, so Jodorowsky cast a Chilean soprano, Pamela Flores, to sing all of her character’s lines.
T by Alexander Wang skirt, $325, alexanderwang.com .
Wyoming thus became the 32nd state to allow gay marriage — explicitly or, by refusing to appeal court decisions, implicitly.
Can I encourage readers to report him to the FCC?
Last year it was more than 44,000.
Manu Joseph is editor of the Indian newsweekly Open and author of the novel “The Illicit Happiness of Other People.”
But a significant other’s income and assets are not reported, even if the girlfriend/boyfriend lives in the household, though any financial support provided by the significant other to the student must be reported as the student’s untaxed income.
According to a police statement, ballistics tests on 54 bullet casings found in front of the embassy building, in the capital’s affluent northern suburbs, showed that the shots were fired from two Kalashnikov rifles used in a similar attack in December 2013 on the German ambassador’s home, also in northern Athens.
“Competing at the previous two tournaments was very difficult,” said Drogba, who played last season at Galatasaray.
Brezhnev had been the head of the Soviet Union for 18 years.
Bidding was often spotty throughout the evening, but considering that many works for sale had been at auction recently and that much art had already changed hands this week, many art watchers said things could have been worse.
She must have stayed in America.
After anointing Smith as the starter, Ryan said it would be a week-to-week decision.
The paid sock puppets are ready to pounce on edits that don’t adhere to the client’s vision.
These are excerpts from their conversation.
She was having a similar nomadic 20s.” When he sent her an email, Ms. Galletly was delightfully stunned.
When the twin towers of the World Trade Center collapsed across the street in 2001, the chapel suffered not even a broken window.
But though these dolls, built by the dancer and puppeteer Jordan Morley, were small, they were also unapologetically sturdy.
“So I said, ‘Why are we doing this?’ ” Last year, Barr allowed the Big History Project to replace World History, which is known as Global Studies in New York, as a required course.
In his spare time, he runs ChopSchticks, Asia’s biggest comedy booking outfit, and has brought international stand-up comedy to China, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangkok.
“So we don’t have to eat downtown.” Some have even started to use the B-word — yes, Brooklyn — to describe the evolving, amorphous food renaissance.
Police believe the shooting stemmed from a home invasion.
On Sunday, Jerry Bailey went to see the first horse he ever loved.
“We were looking for someone to use our beet kvass,” said Ms. Alpern, referring to a fizzy brew that gave traditional borscht its sweet-sour tang when vinegar was unknown in cold climates.
Samuel Dalembert, the Knicks’ starting center, got into foul trouble, which left Stoudemire in the unenviable position of defending — or at least trying to defend — the Hornets’ Al Jefferson.
“Comedy is a place for them to deal openly, if sometimes obliquely, with whatever particular hardships they are dealing with at the time,” says Dave Itzkoff, our culture reporter.
And he’s right to question the facile abuse of words like “healing” and “closure.” But “The Library” is most tantalizing in more seemingly incidental details, like a fleeting description of a Halloween party not long before the shooting in which Caitlin and her friends dressed up as zombies and vampires.
These groups, known as performing rights organizations, each represent millions of songs, and together collect close to $2 billion a year in royalties.
He was in poor health beyond the asthma, he said.
To Bielema’s supporters, progress is already being made.
The Nets’ starters have 381 playoff starts, while no Raptors starter has one.
activists were successful in banning G.M.O.
Some of the issues that The F.T.
“This policy does not fully tap into the great potential of Dreamers who want to serve this country in uniform,” he said.
At Sacred Heart in Mount Vernon, congregants shared mournful embraces.
(“Don’t tell me that you see nothing wrong,” she sings on the title track.
“Unforgettable” would be repurposed as a summer series.
My mother told me that their inspiration was movies, especially French and Italian.” These days, Georgian designers are coming into their own with a new sense of creative – and infrastructural – autonomy.
Schapiro had read the cards perfectly, although the mathematicians in their isolation booths would have advised a different play in the spade suit.
“There’s no crisis, there’s no emergency,” Ms. Dooley said.
5 spot on the chart.
Second-generation biofuels are assumed to come into play by 2020.
RONALD TIERSKY Amherst, Mass., April 17, 2014 The writer is a professor of political science at Amherst College.
It was a perfectly self-sufficient food, and the kitchen was a private place, with a different kind of solitude than at school.
A recent advertisement for a Republican leader of the Tennessee House showed photographs of masked jihadis and Mr. Obama while a narrator intoned ominously: “In Obama’s Washington, everything is headed in the wrong direction.
“Butterflies of Memory,” drawings and prints by Kathleen Griffin.
Through two starts, he had compiled a 2.77 E.R.A.
The comic French foreign minister (Thierry Lhermitte) is a hyperkinetic, slogan-spouting blowhard who makes life miserable for a novice speechwriter (Raphäel Personnaz).
The once-comfortable lead held by the Parti Québécois in the early part of the campaign has evaporated, and all major polls now suggest that it is unlikely to return as the province’s governing party.
My father’s black, my mom is white.
Bruce Bartlett held senior policy roles in the Reagan and George H.W.
If a rider goes too early and touches the gates before they open, the team is disqualified.
In recent years, large-scale epidemiological studies have found that people whose diets include dark chocolate have a lower risk of heart disease than those whose diets do not.
Mr. Connors’s main trick is to enforce a kind of consensus; drips and color bleeds undercut the severity of some post-painterly abstractions, while gridlike structures seem to hold some of the stain paintings in check.
But it delivers on the promise of its title, serving up heavenly apparitions and wicked phantasms aplenty.
The main issue for most of us, according to Michael Breus, a psychologist who calls himself the Sleep Doctor , is anxiety.
Lake Como is about 60 kilometers, or 35 miles, to the north, and it is a vacation place of choice for many celebrities and Milanese.
The final moments when Mr. Zehaf-Bibeau is killed near the entrance to the Library of Parliament are indistinct on the recording both because of distance and the reporter’s efforts to shield himself.
“We know the writers know our brand.” Another possible problem is when viewers perceive product placement as forced and unnatural.
Wiry vaqueiros, or cowboys, herd cattle in the shadow of ghostly railroad bridges that tower 150 feet above parched valleys.
The children who grow up strolling the untouched beaches of Chocó’s impoverished villages have never really been taught that the astonishing natural beauty they wake up to every morning is beyond value because its sheer profusion is so rare.
In any case, small fires were so common that the superiors often ignored the alarms.
She is a sophomore in college now and still has a mean fastball, which I try to avoid.
Daniel Sullivan directs this tragedy of power and senescence.
Follow-up observations with ground-based telescopes and the Canadian MOST satellite confirmed the presence of a planet, which astronomers said was probably a water world or a “mini-Neptune,” with a small core and a billowing gaseous atmosphere.
Either way, the months of hearings have focused on those moments when Mr. Pistorius, walking on his stumps and brandishing a 9 mm handgun loaded with hollow-point ammunition, fired four rounds in his darkened home.
Scholars are completing an online database of buildings by the Scottish architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh, just as restorers are puzzling over how to rebuild his 1909 wing at the Glasgow School of Art, now in charred ruins.
“It’s cool to be the first at anything, so I was very proud of that.
Conservative political forces cheered the move.
Fast forward to last week, when I got an SOS asking whether I wanted a companion for Max.
This summer, it is a tome on René Lalique, the French Art Nouveau and Art Deco glass designer and jeweler.
Mr. Russo noted that Mr. Amadeo was always ready to help, whether that meant taking people to church, working on house projects, making sure his son did well in school, taking care of his mother — or his mother’s dog, Blackie.
Most recently, he had detained her for two weeks for violating probation by visiting a friend on the way home from working off community service hours.
Thailand has a long history of generals seizing power, but the military this time has been more aggressive in rooting out democratic institutions than after the last coup in 2006.
Israeli officials framed the encounters as successes in thwarting attacks on Israel.
But today was the first time participants could remember demonstrators showing up.
Yet even at a shorter length, the film topped numerous year-end critics’ polls.
If you’re in search of a show to curl up with as the weather grows colder, you could do worse.
Audience members know the material so well because half the humor comes from merely reproducing every ludicrous plot twist and trope from the TV show (including Zack’s giant cellphone, Becky the Duck and other allusions that will be familiar to longtime fans).
The contrast was obvious throughout.
In 1979, in Venezuela, Mr. Manigat organized a political party, the Rally of Progressive National Democrats, which formed a military wing that an aide said had trained in the hope of invading Haiti in the early 1980s.
In that state, it is not considered a stain to have fought passionately to keep the Confederate flag flying on top of the Capitol dome, or to have appeared on a notorious white-nationalist radio program in 2007.
After two Palestinians from the Hebron area bludgeoned a retired Israeli colonel to death in October in the yard of his home in Brosh Habika, an isolated tourism village here, yeshiva students and families from a nearby religious settlement temporarily moved into the holiday chalets to reinforce and demonstrate a presence.
That helped propel interest in farmers’ markets and community-supported agricultural shares, or C.S.A.s, which in turn inspired companies like Fresh Direct to create virtual farmers’ markets.
One of the drawings, entitled “Wilhelm’s Newly Trained Troops With Their Best Horses,” shows German soldiers riding cockroach-like insects.
Or as someone who’s smart and connected with the world?
But the Syrian government’s regional ally, Iran, was heavily critical, with its supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, leading the denunciations.
After graduating from Evander Childs High School, Mr. Haber attended Brooklyn College, then transferred to the University of Colorado, where he received his law degree.
In Europe, growth has stagnated and unemployment is at catastrophic levels, especially for the young.
The purchase of Viber Media could also heat up competition in the world of web messaging, where services such as WhatsApp of the United States, Line of South Korea and WeChat of China are fiercely vying for users.
If 1,2,5 v 3,4,6 is not equal then three of the coins changed direction (since they’re on different sides of the balance scale for this weighing).
Tatyana Baeva, a spokeswoman in Vienna, said the reports evidently referred to a separate German-led group of unarmed military inspectors.
The heady, fragrant infusion that remains can be used to mix and shake a variety of drinks, hot or warm.
So don’t be surprised if Allergan tries to postpone the meeting during which this amendment may be adopted, or otherwise has the gumption to pull the proposal.
Last season, Oregon finished 11-2 over all and 7-2 in the Pacific-12 Conference, losing to rival Stanford for a second consecutive year.
And also misstated was Don’s response to Lou near the end of the episode.
The cases were brought by two corporations whose owners say they try to run their businesses on religious principles.
Nielsen gave the Islanders a 1-0 lead early in the second before Henrique tied it.
One might assume that Chancellor Angela Merkel, the first female head of state of a country where women hold 37 percent of the seats in Parliament, would be a natural champion of boardroom quota laws.
With revenge in mind, Mr. Gress called Mr. Kirban.
Stacy Keach plays the clothier’s billionaire owner; Teri Polo is his accommodating daughter.
The rest was placed where any animal could eat it, covered only with a shelter to keep it dry.
Hong Kong Disneyland generated about $31.2 million in net income last year, an increase from $14 million the year before, Disney said.
The cast includes Yiftach Klein, Yaara Pelzig and Michael Moshonov.
“I impulsively said, ‘Stan, I can’t work for you, best of luck,’ and I walked out.
He said he would consider her successor to be an “impostor.” (He has made no public statement about Mr.
The pick figured to be a “best player available” selection for Tennessee, a team that is already pretty well stocked along the offensive line.
Adelphi University Performing Arts Center, 1 South Avenue.
In recent weeks, however, state officials have been more proactive.
And, the cherry on top, the company admitted it could geo-track any Uber consumer with an internal tool called “God View.” Yikes!
“What these characters do is turn something that could be a liability into an asset.”
While he said the separatists had SA-11 units before the Malaysian jet crashed, he stopped short of saying Russia provided the specific unit that downed the airliner.
Maverick Concert Hall, 120 Maverick Road.
Some readers may recall that when we finally had a really clear-cut example of a skill so much in demand that wages were soaring, the skill was … operating a sewing machine .
“That shows that we can still do it,” he said.
As an air raid siren sounds, the studio lights go out, “The Star-Spangled Banner” swells, and McCrea warns his radio audience that death and darkness are coming and exhorts the folks back home to build “a canopy of battleships and bombing planes” and “hang on to your lights, they’re the only lights left in the world!” The sequence was shot only five days before actual bombs began falling on London, and is uncannily similar to Edward R. Murrow’s broadcast delivered amid the Blitz on Aug. 24.
Who wouldn’t want to know that?
Teatro IATI, 64 East Fourth Street, East Village, 866-527-5376, smarttix.com.
Did anyone else think of this recent article in The New York Times when you solved 4 Down?
“There’s a type of network effect that occurs in markets like this,” said Jerry W. Kim, a professor at Columbia Business School.
And while Reuters has given the local stringers protective vests and helmets, most said that the stringers lacked training in personal safety and first aid.
“Look, Franny, the broth is warm!” My wife and her friend touched fingers in the briny deep.
25), 31-24, Ohio State moved to No.
But while notoriety and loss of freedom did not deter Crandall, the imminent prospect of danger to her students did.
The political scientists Boris Shor and Nolan McCarty analyzed state legislative voting records from 1996 to 2013 and found Rhode Island had the least ideological difference between the typical Republican and Democratic lawmakers.
The Palestine Liberation Organization maintains missions in a number of European capitals as part of a broader diplomatic effort aimed at advancing the cause of Palestinian statehood.
Gruden praised the talents of Griffin and spoke of the need to build a “genuine” trust with him.
The “leatherette” front seats aren’t as supportive as they should be, and for no apparent reason are not the same ones used in the GTI.
A dozen buildings had 60 percent or more of their units used as rentals for at least half the year, “suggesting that the buildings were operating as de facto hotels,” the report says.
That is part of the reason that I, joined by 17 of my House colleagues, have formally requested that President Obama reschedule marijuana from Schedule 1 to a less restrictive classification.
He was nursed back to health by his grandmother, and his mother put a ban on physical sports.
Zero-to-60 acceleration comes in 6.5 seconds, according to testing by Car and Driver magazine, and the i3 pulls with surprising strength toward its top speed of 93 m.p.h.
Wielding a pen instead of a knife, Khrushchev ordered Sevastopol and the rest of Crimea transferred to the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic .
He is the executive director of the global projects center (not products center) at Stanford University.
Draped loosely along the gallery walls, the panels sample many different colors and patterns: jaunty stripes, squares arranged seemingly at random and the small triangles of “flying geese” quilts, to name a few.
[ Tickets ] On Mondays, the Taj Lounge offers salsa lessons, followed by dancing late into the night.
A lawyer for the federal government, Curtis E. Gannon, disputed almost every clause of that sentence.
“Now we can pretend we’re not paying attention.
In this postseason, he has six goals and seven assists, making him the Rangers’ leading scorer.
“Only time will tell to see if the perennial rye is going to make it through the winters,” Vargas said.
So, for the moment, there is no happy ending to this column.
Because of those deals, they are silent partners in what Caesars’ note holders say is unfair treatment of certain debt holders.
But from 2000 to 2010, the population increased 36 percent.
That there were no witnesses seems impossible.
It faces southwest, with expansive views of surrounding islands and mountains.
Dannon, a division of Danone, will run a 30-second spot for Dannon Oikos but has not identified the quarter in which it will appear.
It may be unfair to judge “True Detective” on the trend of its first half.
He eats mainly things that are colored yellow: bananas, apples, applesauce, bread, baguettes, croissants, chicken nuggets.
You just can’t leave it to the government or to the N.G.O.s.” While the rate of giving is still small by most standards, the trend toward what is known as “impact philanthropy” or giving intended to bring about specific social change, tracks with a similar trend in the United States, particularly among the entrepreneurial set.
Beneath the high-minded ideals of security and sovereignty lies the grim truth that we’ve designed the walls to hurt people.
Michelle Williams appears somewhat less comfortable as the madcap Sally Bowles (2:30).
An air-conditioning unit was donated from Georgia.
Her declaration of emergency rule on Tuesday suggested a more forceful posture toward protesters who have occupied parts of the city during the past two months and are seeking to overthrow the government.
The casino’s prospective owners, Rush Street Gaming and Saratoga Casino and Raceway , have promised to match that sum, which they say would provide a combined $2.5 million in annual revenue for the city, $1 million of it earmarked for law enforcement.
But for many art lovers, especially infrequent or first-time visitors, the frosty reception can come as a jolt.
They seemed to like it, too; in the post-event feedback, 98 percent gave me positive marks for delivery.
Granted, there are moments of joy and pleasure, but they are fleeting.
When the shot clock is short, the Rockets can appear to lack a plan beyond putting Harden in a pick-and-roll — never a bad option.
But adults should be forewarned: Seeing these athletic performers will almost certainly prompt you to consider a New Year’s resolution to improve your own fitness.
While the fees they pay can vary, investors in Appaloosa typically follow the “2 and 20” pattern.
Araújo, a septuagenarian who goes by Garotinho, or little boy, does not drink whiskey to avoid “changing the chemical balance of my vocal cords,” he said.
The United States Department of Agriculture and the state’s Agriculture Department have boosted staffing to 119 people to track, kill and eradicate the beetle from its remaining strongholds in Brooklyn, in Queens and on Long Island.
Take 471 Washington Street, which began sales in 2010 and sold out before construction was completed.
To get a feel for what it was like to drive at the Nürburgring in the past, it’s possible for race spectators to visit the original Nordschleife.
It was the end of the real “Alpha House,” the crumbling gray-blue rowhouse in the shadow of the Capitol where a group of powerful Democratic lawmakers — including Mr. Miller, Mr. Schumer, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois and a rotating cast of supporting players — have lived for more than three decades.
The loss of a child wouldn’t be so horrible if all parents didn’t, in some ways, imagine it, fear it.
Seoul and Beijing are already discussing measures to address the “Japan problem” — a bilateral conversation that will perturb the Americans.
Mr. Pitta said the building had about 50 occupants, but he did not know how many were there are the time of the fire.
The laborers are trying to suppress incriminating statements they made about their immigration status while in custody.
They’ll learn to bring art back from the brink of inconsequence.
“This is a national issue, because progressivism is back.” At a Long Island fund-raiser recently, Fox News personalities traded barbs about Mr. de Blasio, in exchanges posted on the gossip website Gawker .
A searchable guide to these and other performances is at nytimes.com/events.
“I can place a story there, and it goes big time,” the executive said.
You don’t have to download software.
In 2007, as he was preparing a lawsuit against the environmental bureau, Mr. Wu was arrested and charged with trying to blackmail a company in exchange for withholding accusations of wrongdoing.
He strongly criticized President Obama for failing to “rein in” the agency and its leadership and for not embracing the report’s findings.
It was the second time punches had been thrown in the Turkish Parliament that month.
For this revival, the soprano Liudmyla Monastyrska sings the demanding title role and the veteran tenor Marcello Giordani is Radames, with the acclaimed Olga Borodina as Amneris and the baritone Zeljko Lucic, fresh from his success in Verdi’s “Macbeth,” as Amonasro.
“Now, 13 long years later, Afghanistan can — and must — deliver its own security,” he said.
A week prior to his expulsion, Mr. Singh, a former finance and foreign minister, had sobbed publicly in a dramatic television interview.
‘Kinky Boots’ These boots are made for dancin’ (and stompin’ out bigotry) (2:20).
The deal comes just seven months after RP Martin was fined more than $2 million by regulators in Britain and the United States over misconduct related to the manipulation of the London interbank offered rate , a global benchmark rate, as it was tied to the Japanese yen.
The custom eat-in kitchen is by Smallbone of Devizes.
“Fillies have had a great history in the Arc, mostly French fillies,” Fernando said.
There is a major difference, however, in how this is being played out in their respective countries.
The Libertarian Party has already built a small but loyal Bitcoin donor base, receiving $10,000 to $20,000 a year in the currency.
Mr. Altuzarra is participating in a one-season-only swap of time slots with his friend Alexander Wang to help ease scheduling tension caused by Mr. Wang’s out-of-the-way choice of location: the Duggal Greenhouse in the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
Those memories were sharp as the Blackhawks readied for last year’s playoff run.
They harmonize, making each other better.
On the losing side are smaller schools that will have a harder time competing for top talent and the purists who cling to the amateur ideal.
There also is no requirement that employers offer employee health plans.
Parking on the street or at vendors’ homes is usually illegal or impossible.
Here, we see a negotiation between performers and filmmakers.” Of the three directors of the film, one was black and two were white.
He could have played his way onto the World Cup roster with his performance.
It will take time for his reforms to show results, but the early response suggests that many of the world’s Catholics (and not only they) welcome the turn away from rear-guard actions in the social wars and toward a church energetically engaged in the fight for a more equitable society.
Now, if you consider the fact that the $450 Xbox One bundle includes a $60 game, the price of Microsoft’s console is actually $10 lower than that of the $400 PlayStation 4 from Sony, which does not include a game.
“You’re still a young man.
“Fetch” did happen, and is still happening.
“A different procedure was used in the last four executions, depending on which state they were in,” Ms. Denno said.
Pair the controllers with a tablet or smartphone, and they can be used for Goji Play games, helping to break the monotony of a gym workout.
When he arrived in Israel in the summer of 2012, however, he seemed instantly to find his purpose.
The Clippers played in the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena, which proved to be an apt home for 15 seasons.
In one aspect, the switch was because of physical differences.
Strikes are especially common in China when factories are sold to new owners, a result of fears of layoffs among workers.
You’ve got to play with what you have.” Sure enough, the Nets started strong against the Cavaliers.
Brazil’s disappointing play in the World Cup demonstrated the limits of high-powered forecasting, but even if Brazil had won, it would have been the height of foolishness to have made an investment on the sole basis of any of those numbers.
Mike Beebe, a Democrat, vetoed the voter identification law last year, but state lawmakers overrode the veto.
Walmart’s headiest growth is probably behind it, and Amazon is still expanding revenue by the 23 percent it reported this week.
These people were killed by starvation,” he said.
(Mr. Glazer’s method is elaborated in a special feature that, although informative, could have offered more than just anecdotal detail.)
DeMarcus Cousins and Jonas Valanciunas, a Toronto Raptors center, tangled while battling for a rebound and Cousins wound up as if he might hit Valanciunas.
I do that first so they’ll feel comfortable, and then I’ll say: “Tell me about something, and it can be from any job you’ve had, where you look back and think: ‘I should have handled it differently.
A man was killed in a shooting in Desert Hot Springs, Calif. , early Saturday.
Yet the results on Tuesday may serve only to reinforce it.
“In the end, people who are growing grapes are farmers,” Ms. Conniff said.
Without taking anything away from Mr. McConaughey, his recent strategy is actually an age-old one, noted Jeanine Basinger, the chairwoman of the film studies department at Wesleyan University.
“They had a constructive conversation, and the Secretary plans to remain engaged with both President Abbas and Prime Minister Netanyahu over the coming days,” said a senior State Department official, who declined to be identified in accordance with the agency’s protocol for briefing reporters.
It was as if a decision had been made to contain the damage to the relationship between the two governments.
In the 1970s, when he was a student at the University of Michigan, Alex Pentland worked on a government-financed research project that used satellite imaging to study animal life on earth.
Nine years ago, Nandan Nilekani, the former chief executive of Infosys Technologies, offered the dictum on globalization to Thomas L. Friedman of The New York Times.
With 46 receptions in six games, Forte could break the season record for catches by a running back, 101, set by Larry Centers in 1995.
“I’m confident people will watch the Olympics however the technology changes,” Steve Burke, the chief executive of NBC Universal, said in a telephone interview.
The laws against libel and sedition became the British Empire’s censorship tools in the subcontinent.
“The Answer is Risom,” works by Jens Risom.
“He knew it meant a lot to me.
The European Central Bank’s announcement came just days after an official report showed that consumer prices in the 18-nation euro zone rose last month at a rate of just 0.5 percent , far below the central bank’s target of holding inflation at just under 2 percent.
Mr. Fessaguet was meticulous in his professional pride.
As soon as he stopped worrying about the results, the results gave him little to worry about.
I can’t help but wonder if the United States as a nation is suffering from a form of cultural PTSD.” There are references to brain chemistry, to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders and “amygdala memories,” but there is also reference to the neuropsychologist at Fort Bragg who asks Percy not to use her name once talk turns to demons.
A few years before the Canadian painter Robert Pope died in 1992, he dealt with an aggressive form of Hodgkin’s disease by undergoing a succession of standard treatments and by creating evocative canvases about the fraught experiences of cancer patients.
But he said it was often offset by others lending support.
Even if Jack were straight, he added, “I would have played him the exact same way.” If Jack was a gay stereotype because he was silly or extroverted, Mr. Hayes said, “there’s a huge list of stereotypical gay men in Hollywood who are straight: Jim Carrey, Jerry Lewis, Dick Van Dyke, Steve Martin.” He added: “There’s a lot of mincing, campy straight guys that I know.” Nearly two decades later, a similar debate still surrounds shows like ABC’s “Modern Family” and the characters Cameron and Mitchell, a married gay couple played by Eric Stonestreet and Jesse Tyler Ferguson, who have been derided by some viewers as flamboyant and effeminate.
Vick did not play well on Sunday, but it is natural to wonder, at least now, how he would fare if he received some first-team snaps.
Jan. 19, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
His arrest during the nuclear negotiations throws down a gauntlet to Washington, even as it warns Mr. Rouhani and his team against pursuing reconciliation with Washington too eagerly.
“Samsung has had a knack historically of playing the price game if its market share is under any pressure,” Mr. Ahmad said.
After one of the first celebrity Kickstarter campaigns, the arrival of the “Veronica Mars” movie raises mysteries that even its titular crime solver — now a law-school graduate who is drawn into a murder case in her hometown — would find challenging.
Add shortly before serving if you are making the soup ahead.
They offer an assortment of mugs and shot glasses with slogans that combine “Irish,” “Drunk,” and some epithet; trucker hats with “Drunkometer” gauges; and T-shirts that take “Kiss Me I’m Irish” to another, coarser level.
Likewise, the blood of the old mice had compounds that dampened the resilience of the young mice.
Bankers certainly are not fans of disclosing the size of their litigation reserves.
Mauk entered the day tied for first in the Football Bowl Subdivision with eight passing touchdowns.
“That’s above my pay grade,” Mara said.
When I asked journalism students at one of Russia’s top universities if anyone wanted to work abroad, practically all of them said they did.
Carry your context with you; make sure that even as you flit from sight to sight then or site to site now, you do so thoughtfully, with your own “self-culture,” as Emerson called it, ever in mind.
The clashes erupted after demonstrators, who had been staging a sit-in in the area around the intersection for almost three weeks, were largely cleared out early Friday in a swift police operation.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
Travel & Leisure and Condé Nast Traveler have named it the best city in the United States.
His death was confirmed by the Committee to Protect Journalists, where he worked as the representative for Mexico.
CAPE MAY East Lynne Theater Company “The First Fifty Years.” Through July 19.
A man in his 40s was struck in the shoulder during a drive-by shooting in southwest Fresno, Calif. , Friday morning, and he did not realize he was wounded until an hour later.
The direction of the Supreme Court under Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. over the past decade has been anything but consistent.
Yet lurking behind the courtroom hanky-panky and Mr. Jackson’s intimidating biceps lies a wealth of familial shame, aroused by Mitch’s shady stepbrother (Ryan Robbins) and amplified by Brian Pearson’s downcast cinematography.
Rosneft believes that all of its purchases of former Yukos assets and all other actions taken by it with respect to Yukos were entirely lawful and proper.” It is unlikely Mr. Khodorkovsky will benefit financially from the verdict.
Charles N. Kahn III, the president of the Federation of American Hospitals, which represents investor-owned companies, said, “The increased payments for previously uncompensated care are a plus for hospitals.” But he added: “You have to remember the context.
During his annual phone-in program last month, President Putin himself pointed out that 2013 budget revenues from oil were $191 billion, whereas gas revenues were only $28 billion.
Trying to ride the crest of a trend or topical museum exhibition is critical to auction house experts when they are putting their sales together.
Who knew that watching fully clad women try to drive cars out of mud and snow would count as a fetish?
Nobody thinks Shonda Rhimes is holding back and nobody is asking to see the real Shonda Rhimes.
has a different meaning: “too many telescopes.” For them the mountain is a sacred place where the Sky Father and the Earth Mother coupled and gave birth to the Hawaiian people.
“Minimón” never communicates this premise directly, but it doesn’t have to.
Bayyoush has been shot three times in battles with ISIS and government forces.
But when he pitched few meaningful innings last season, he asked for his release.
These, together with the famines and droughts, would have further undermined the societies of the time, most likely leading to internal rebellions by the underclass and peasant populations who were facing severe food shortages, as well as invasions by migrating peoples.
The prison’s abysmal staffing levels, abundant blind spots and only three cameras created a situation where sex among prisoners and with guards was rampant, the report said.
“And I don’t want it on your Facebook page .” My firstborn child is bright and charming.
PG: Speaking of children, you’re both the mothers of young boys.
In the late 1930s his family fled to England, and he became a tank commander with the Free Czechoslovak Army during World War II.
“The directors and set designers are using their own hands,” he said.
“She’s not a rape victim.
At the time, poor weather impeded search and recovery efforts, the Defense Department said.
Other services and amenities can be found in the Costa del Sol towns of Marbella and Puerto Banus, each about 20 minutes away.
For the Royals, a repeat of last season — good, but not good enough for the playoffs — would be a bitter letdown.
“Consequently, the association prohibits any form of political, religious, sexual, ethnic or racial discrimination.” Palestino is in second place in Chile’s top division, while Ñublense is in 14th.
He was ultimately transferred to the Iraqi government and then released at the same time as his group released a British computer expert it had held hostage.
On Nov. 10, Boko Haram bombed a high school in Potiskum, killing at least 48 children.
“We must make sure, and reassure the drivers, that immediate action will be taken.” The city requires all livery cars to have either a bullet-resistant partition or a digital camera, and amber trouble lights that can be activated from the driver’s seat without being seen by a passenger.
There is, however, a fair way to measure how committed a college is to promoting economic diversity: by considering the share of students who receive the need-based federal scholarship known as the Pell grant in the context of an institution’s endowment per student.
Medtronic, the world’s largest stand-alone medical device maker, said it would give Edwards a one-time payment of $750 million, plus royalties through April 2022 based on a percentage of CoreValve sales.
While giving a recent tour, Ms. Gibney was voluble about every detail of the renovation.
Federer did admit last week a preference for his brand gear, which made Mary Beth Jackson stand out as he made his way to the end of the row.
Levity Live, 4210 Palisades Center Drive.
Mr. Herring’s announcement, 12 days after he was sworn in, marked a sharp political swing from the previous attorney general, Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, a Republican who ran unsuccessfully for governor on a platform that included opposing same-sex marriage.
The entry level has a formal reception room, an octagonal dining room, and a 22-by-19-foot living room with a stone fireplace; the south terrace is reached from the reception and dining rooms.
He embraced the role of a provocateur who was, in effect, criticizing his former colleagues — not least the former Treasury secretary Timothy Geithner.
When he began this work, his children, whom he calls “my soldiers,” and his wives urged him to reconsider.
“In Morocco, sexual tension is everywhere and I wanted to show that in my film without having crude sex scenes; to stay true to these secretive behaviors.” One night when he was 13 and with his family, drunken men outside called out his name and asked him to come down to entertain them, a traumatic scene he recalled in a New York Times Op-Ed article, “A Boy to Be Sacrificed.” After that he decided to change his persona, to eliminate his effeminate mannerisms to stop men asking him for sexual favors.
Development League, minor league baseball, arena football and the Canadian Football League.
For a gay adolescent nerd whose other greatest thrill came on report-card day, their success was my success.
Under the administration’s division of labor, the State Department is in charge of supplying nonlethal aid, while the C.I.A.
In these works, which he liked to project onto large white balloons, Mr. Lutz acted the part of the protagonist, appearing as a miniature figure clad all in white, jerkily traversing terrestrial and cosmic spaces.
Under an agreement with prosecutors, Mr. Taylor, who resigned last year after his affairs came to light, will serve 90 days in jail and be on probation for 10 years when he is released.
Investment fell in Spain, France, Italy and Germany in 2013, and only Britain managed to come close to matching 2012 investment levels in 2013.
In a first-person account to Vanity Fair , Ms. Johnson, the first black model to grace a Vogue magazine cover, in 1974, said that Mr. Cosby put a drug in her coffee at his New York home in the mid-1980s when she had gone there to read for a small part in “The Cosby Show.” At the meeting at Mr. Cosby’s Manhattan brownstone, she recounted, Mr. Cosby offered her a cappuccino, but soon after tasting it, she said, she knew she had been heavily drugged.
Police officers opened fire on a stolen sport utility vehicle early Monday near the Staten Island side of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge during a search for a suspected carjacker, officials said.
QUARTZ Danish Outsourcing Firm ISS Surges in I.P.O.
If you’re reading this, thinking that it doesn’t apply to you and your business, I would urge you to set aside your assumptions for a moment.
“I’ll get some treatment and see if it’ll go away,” said Mickelson, who was five strokes behind the leader, Stewart Cink.
Ms. Kendle is torn over whether to have Matthias, just 6 and already taking the stimulant Adderall for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, go on a second and more potent medication: the antipsychotic Risperdal.
The third lens is an appreciation of the organization as a system.
John Cranford Adams Playhouse, Hofstra University, South Campus.
Jordy Nelson and Randall Cobb will both have their share of targets, but there is certainly room for a third option to emerge in the Packers’ passing game.
A 1988 film by Mr. Farocki, “ Images of the World and the Inscription of War ,” explores the idea of the fatal blind spot.
“That became part of our routine, checking in with each other and making sure she understood that in my mind, our relationship was more important than that work.
With so many silent carriers, even one confirmed case is considered a serious outbreak.
The number of abortion providers has dropped to fewer than 20 from 41 in 2012 because of regulations that went into effect in November requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals.
Dahir Ahmed Abdirahman, 29, and Tahany Abdi Omar Erbob, 24, were found shot and killed in a car near the Longfellow neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minn. , Friday night.
He invests in information technology and health care, but his fund holds even bigger dollops of financial and consumer companies.
Zöggeler’s medal was his sixth, a total that includes two golds; he became the first man to earn a medal in six different Olympics.
By keeping Syndergaard in the minor leagues for several more months, the Mets will allow him to build his confidence in Class AAA and delay when he will become an unrestricted free agent.
No other information, including Snaps, was leaked or accessed in these attacks,” the company said in a blog post .
Their stylistic guru, as cited on the troupe’s website, is Marius Petipa .
“They may start out that way, but I think once you get in and once you get painted with bribes, and you have to take care of the people who contributed to you.
RECENT SALE $5.025 MILLION 343 Sixth Avenue (at Fourth Street) Park Slope, Brooklyn A local developer has bought this four-story 1920 walk-up with eight apartments — four four-bedrooms and four three-bedrooms.
Mr. Navalny’s blog on LiveJournal, Russia’s most popular social media site, published a post on Crimea on Wednesday, describing antigovernment protests in Kiev as “a people’s revolt against corrupt and thieving authorities,” and dismissing the government’s claim that Russians in Crimea were under threat — a pretext for government intervention in the region.
They can eat 6,000 clams in a single meal, so be sure to stock up.
Casey and Curry were beyond hungry.
No, no, I have a self-alarm.
It prints 4,000 copies a day, and receives 7,000 to 10,000 unique visitors to its website.
Mr. Towery’s lawyers countered that he was allowed access to the database, which was not protected by a password or restricted to defendants or their lawyers.
The ambitions of the center, at Sonoma State University, have grown in recent years: Weill Hall , which opened in 2012, was modeled after Seiji Ozawa Hall at Tanglewood, and has a back wall that can open onto a landscaped lawn.
“In Aleppo, you had history in its context, with all of the complexities,” said Charles E. Jones, a specialist on Middle East antiquities at Penn State University, and one of several scholars trying to catalog the damage.
Another has a farmer’s cafe.
What’s affecting me, my clients and other small-business owners today.
Conservatives value fiscal restraint, limited government, swift justice and personal liberty.
Mr. Shipp also wrote a memoir , but a C.I.A.
Ms. Vinson arrived in Ohio on Oct. 10, returned to Texas on Oct. 13 and tested positive for Ebola on Oct. 15.
You would be hard-pressed to find anyone in France who isn’t fed up with national politics and all the expensive drama, impatient to pull out of the six-year-long economic spiral, or even willing to give up on the grand European project.
We have the two areas where we work: one in front of the mirror, and one area a dining table of Jeanne Lanvin.
One scene is all exits and entrances for men in towels, with plenty of subtext; one image is simply of four men, dressed, standing together in heightened proximity without touching but plainly intensely aware of one another’s bodies.
Deborah eagerly joined the team of a high-powered attorney she admired, not knowing her boss was an impedimentor who resented young associates, took credit for their work, and blamed them for his own mistakes.
Vendors like Luke’s Lobster and No.
The numbers are devastating: 16 bodies have been recovered so far, with eight more people believed to have been located in the debris but not recovered, Snohomish County officials said Tuesday night.
By adding tests, we send a different message: that information about ourselves is helpful to know, and that people are multifaceted and multitalented.
But in his statements, Mr. Diyab said the tapes might not show everything.
The judge, who was appointed by President Obama with support from conservative Utah politicians, said the ban violated the “fundamental right” of same-sex couples to marry.
• The Shortcuts column on July 26, about the trend of “boomerang” employees, where employers rehire workers who had gone elsewhere, misspelled the surname of a spokesman for Bloomberg L.P., one firm that dislikes the practice.
Mr. Ford’s criminal lawyer, Dennis Morris, said only that the mayor was in treatment.
“Before you can get someone’s vote, you have to respect them enough to go talk with them and explain who you are,” Mr. Patrick said in the speech.
He admits that his difficult personality may have been a major source of his troubles.
Neighborhoods with numerous dilapidated houses on every block will come later, he said.
“The village is the low-hanging fruit,” said Mr. Meldman, whose company, Discovery Land, has developed communities in places like Mexico and the Bahamas.
He asked me about Fallujah, Iraq, and the two traumatic brain injuries I suffered there.
WALK THE DOG, BRIEFLY After I have coffee and get the kids up and make sure they are dressed, I’ll take the dog out for a walk.
Some readers expressed a little frustration that Vouvray labels didn’t indicate more specifically the levels of dryness in the wine.
(Cotter) Whitney Museum of American Art: ‘T.J.
A triumphant Mr. Dicterow returned.
The explosions on Thursday and April 14 in Abuja, in the center of the country, were blamed on the Boko Haram terrorist network, which had recruited fighters in neighboring Chad, Niger and Cameroon stoking fears that its five-year-old uprising could spread in the region.
On Jan. 19, Garnett’s sodium levels spiked and he was airlifted to Westchester Medical Center, according to court documents.
An attempt to attract audiences as old as 12, it draws on the first novel in a series by Sheryl Berk and her young daughter, Carrie Berk.
And the Andrew Freedman Home , a neo-Renaissance landmark at East 166th Street that once housed the elderly, now displays art, among other activities.
Some of the TED speakers seemed hopeful and creative, but painfully and maybe necessarily naïve.
Blechman wrote in an email: “Summer reading evokes books on the beach.
Take the driver completely out of the driving.
Somebody said she was a stylist.
And in the case of the resident sophisticate Noah Robbins — already boasting Broadway credits while still a Columbia University undergraduate — a gin and tonic.
Philipsburg Manor, 381 North Broadway.
BUSINESS DAY Two picture captions on Friday with an article about the leader of the emerging markets mutual fund at Oppenheimer Funds misspelled his surname.
Now the company has created a website dedicated to online surveys and predictions.
Commissioner Roger Goodell also said a credible long-term stadium deal was needed in Los Angeles before any team could move there, without specifying what that deal might look like.
(When was the last time you bought something that was labeled “Made in Russia”?)
Paige isn’t punished right away, but Elizabeth, after staring with fear and loathing at Paige’s Bible, wakes her daughter in the middle of the night and makes her clean the refrigerator.
Some represent types of female independence: “Surfer Girl,” for example, a black-and-white drawing of a slender young woman in a ’20s-style swimsuit and bathing cap riding a wave.
For the first time in her life, Mrs. Rees felt truly old.
Mr. Caesar won Emmys for both those shows.
Unemployment hovers at a whopping 16 percent.
(They have a publicist, too.)
A White House spokesman, Josh Earnest, told reporters traveling with President Obama aboard Air Force One that while the United States would welcome a Russian military pullback, “there has been no evidence that such a withdrawal has taken place.” NATO officials confirmed that on Wednesday, saying they saw no troop movements.
The dispersal of demonstrators from Freedom Park by the police and others was highly symbolic.
“Unbroken” opens Dec. 25, and early reviewers generally applauded it, while others suggested it was overly conventional.
He acknowledged that many people have unrealistic hopes for what Europe can bring, noting that “everyone is waiting for a miracle but miracles happen only in fairy tales.” But unlike Ukrainians living in the east of the country, people in the west have seen with their own eyes how nearby towns across the border in Poland that were poor and miserable when the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 have been transformed by subsidies and investment from the European Union.
The declines were comparable for Kenilworth, Winnetka and Glencoe outside Chicago, and Nantucket, Barnstable and Norfolk Counties outside Boston.
For JPMorgan, the Madoff case is the bank’s latest steep payout to the government.
With more than 40 rockets fired toward Israel in 24 hours, Lt. Col. Peter Lerner, a military spokesman, said troops were mobilizing around Gaza “to serve defensive positions and forward preparations.” But he repeatedly said that “we have no interest in escalation,” and said Gaza’s fate was in the hands of Hamas, the militant Islamic group that dominates there and that Israel blames for the kidnap-murder of its three teenagers.
For us, the five-year term was pretty fundamental to make it work from our perspective and a government perspective in terms of community engagement and tourism.
But two other Banksy works, “Bandaged Heart Balloon” and “Crazy Horse Car Door,” created during the artist’s residency in New York last fall, failed to reach their minimum prices.
She asks to hold the baby, but her parents let her do so for only a moment before getting nervous and taking her back.
Kimberly Dana Brownstein and Jason Gelvan Greenberg were married Saturday evening at Rosewood Tucker’s Point, a hotel in Hamilton Parish, Bermuda.
Mr. Qi makes clear, though, from his portrayal of the bleak new Beichuan and his inclusion of banal newscasts celebrating its construction that his sympathy lies with the survivors who sneak past guards and clamber over dangerous debris just to feel at home.
A bar snacks menu in this elegant setting just wouldn’t seem right — would you call foie gras nachos foie-chos?
“Lots of grief,” said Williams, who attended Oregon State at the same time as Ellsbury.
Editors review all changes before any updates are made.
“He did not divide people into groups, and believed anything created by human endeavor was worthy of respect,” said Svetlana Kleps, a guide at the beachfront Voloshin Museum, once the founder’s home and studio.
His ruthless political tactics are sometimes without precedent.
“Oh, they noticed,” she said.
As 17-year-old Kat Connors, whose life goes off the tracks after her mother (a deliciously campy Eva Green) goes missing, Woodley is charged with doing most of the film’s heavy lifting, balancing the character’s emerging sexuality with the stresses of her parents’ loveless marriage, which may or may not have contributed to her mother’s disappearance.
Visited by a reporter, Mr. Jones, 64, gave a tour of the dilapidated bunkhouse, which sits near a Kraft meatpacking plant where he had hung live turkeys from shackles for decades.
finally post the details for public viewing — weeks after House and Presidential candidates have revealed all.
Linebacker Jacquian Williams, who sustained a concussion Nov. 9 against Seattle and has not played since, continued to miss practice.
Ms. Ann said her friend’s death was disregarded because of assumptions the police made about her line of work.
A deal would also be Fast Retailing’s latest effort to become one of the most dominant clothiers in the world.
Or whether globalization will make such taxation all but impossible.
The race for lieutenant governor has four officeholders in it, each allied at some time or another with Mr. Perry, ostensibly the party’s standard-bearer.
Two events from the last decade demonstrate how Edvard Munch (1863-1944) remains relevant in widely varying contexts today.
As a psychological researcher who studies human relationships, I would like to offer a third view.
The American goal scorer Cam Fowler is the youngest player on the ice for the United States at 22.
The Senate on Tuesday finished its final session of the year by moving forward on more disputed nominations over Republican objections, confirming Sarah Saldaña, a federal prosecutor, as director of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency and Antony Blinken, a former national security adviser to President Obama, to be deputy secretary of state.
Then in the 11th game of the set, she ripped a backhand winner to go ahead by 6-5 and serve for the match.
Indeed, only in this soap-operatic trial would evidence of affection between the McDonnells be seen as a victory for the prosecution.
“We’ve totally been overlooked,” she said, “and he’s brought life back to us.”
The Red Bulls have not played a league match (they lost to the Cosmos in the U.S. Open Cup on June 14) since a rare win at New England, 2-0, on June 8.
Indeed, in some ways the report hardly goes far enough.
To the Editor: Re “ Is the World More Depressed?
The success of Mr. Fallon’s “Tonight” is having a halo effect on other NBC properties, Mr. Burke said, including the last 15 minutes of local news on NBC-owned stations, “Late Night With Seth Meyers,” and “Today” the next morning.
Leslie Carlson, a guidance counselor at Mount Pleasant High School, asked Ms. Nye where she would go if money were no object.
Following that trend suggests that a sub-two-hour marathon is no more than a decade or two away.
“I’m going to be rude,” Mr. Nel began a remark to a witness on Wednesday.
That is because the current director election system in the United States allows board members to win or hold their seats even if they do not receive support from a majority of shareholder votes cast.
Jim Bell, the executive producer of NBC Olympics, said last month that it was not a difficult decision to show so much figure skating live.
The 64th through 69th characters of the final panel, when deciphered, spelled out the word BERLIN.
The researchers aren’t assuming any illegality in these trades.
The one on the second, with ultraquiet work, is the thinker.
Remembering to put my hands in my pockets made me less excited because I had to think about it so much.
Mr. Boyadjis estimates 348,000 will be sold this year as more models offer HUDs.
FRONT PAGE An obituary on Wednesday about the actress Lauren Bacall misidentified the borough in New York in which she was born.
Several of Mr. Obama’s aides said Tuesday that the airstrikes against the Khorasan operatives were launched to thwart an “imminent” terrorist attack, possibly using concealed explosives to blow up airplanes.
“And everyone is running out to talk about their geek cred.” Somewhat ironically, perhaps, video game players are often among the biggest devotees of tabletop games.
Many cling to the accepted stock ­characters of men’s wear, jiggling prints and trims on stalwart but staid suiting, or sportswear basics barely tweaked from their track­ and­ field origins.
The two instantly connected, and as Mr. Dylan’s career took off, Victor moved in and out of his orbit — drifting away to pursue projects of his own, but always circling back to Mr. Dylan.
Less reassuring, though, was the apparent threat from a senior vice president of Uber to spend “a million dollars” looking into the personal lives of journalists who wrote critically about Uber.
There is, rather, a politically manufactured argument over how to interpret several sections of the Affordable Care Act that admittedly fit awkwardly together in defining how the tax credits are supposed to work for people who buy their health insurance on the exchanges set up under the law.
The first time Chris got out of the car downtown, he turned to his friends on the sidewalk and said jokingly, “Jealous?” The truth was, they kind of were.
The magazine article elicited more than 1,200 comments, many of them dismissive or disgusted — with both her and The Times.
Given all the tension, it is time for a legal proceeding allowing both sides to present their best arguments and obtain a judgment.
“I saw Joe going after that ball, D-Will going after it, as well; I might as well jump on the pile, too,” said Lopez, who ended up on the bottom of it, grasping the ball.
But the authors added, “Although most suicide deaths occur in rural areas, our findings do not suggest that suicide is any more prevalent in agricultural workers (including farmers) than it is in any other profession.” Whether or not perception exceeds reality, there is no denying that India’s farmers have taken a battering in recent years.
“So I would like to see us get some projects across the state of Texas up and running.”
“If the rules allow you to do that, you know, what can you do?” Federer said.
That, and Japan’s purchase of three of the five islands two years ago, brought angry reactions from China.
Ms. Patamaporn added that rumors of a crackdown had prompted business owners to “deport their migrant workers temporarily.” “We would like to affirm that there’s no order to crack down on migrant workers as has been reported,” she added.
Luckily he had his wife along, the formidable Frieda (he refers to her as “the Q.B.,” for queen bee), whose shrewd affirmations provided a foil for his grumbling discontents.
“We’ve got to raise our voices,” the president said, to “do away with policies and politicians that belong in a ‘Mad Men’ episode.” He was referring to the period television drama focusing on a male-dominated advertising agency in the 1960s.
The consultant also called for a test of “bar-code fare-gate readers” in tandem with planned mobile payment programs on the authority’s railroads.
They also won without Tyson Chandler, who missed his second straight game because of personal reasons, and Amar’e Stoudemire, who was given a recovery day.
For Mr. Mendes to really grow, he’ll need to return some of the good will he’s been studiously earning.
The engineers said that G.M.
Wide receiver Antonio Brown is having another magnificent season: He leads the N.F.L.
Although Jaden’s mistrust hackles are raised by this possible “replacement baby,” once in Kazakhstan he finds himself drawn to the orphans, especially Dimash, a cheeky, grunting toddler at the “baby house.” Jaden ably navigates the multiethnic, multilingual Central Asian village, complete with a staring camel or two, while his parents adjust to the stark realities of adoption Kazakhstan-style.
There are exceptions for teenage workers and those getting trained into new jobs.
But it was always a pluralistic city where debate among different Muslim sects and schools of thought was not unusual.
“He started clubs for kids, and when they didn’t show up he stomped into pool rooms and candy stores and dragged them to the church,” Mr. Lipsyte wrote.
That wistful trace in his voice comes from a regret that TCM did not arrive soon enough for so many actors to know how their work has endured.
Questions had been raised about whether this tactic was an effective deterrent without requiring the losing party to legally acknowledge any wrongdoing.
No discussion of shareholder activism can happen without invoking the name Martin Lipton.
• A correction in this space on Wednesday for an article about the return of NBC’s “The Tonight Show” to New York from Los Angeles rendered incorrectly the name of a studio in New York where it was produced at one time.
He has established new relationships with the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande in Geneva, the Israel Philharmonic and the Orchestre National de Lyon in France, which he treasures.
But in Turkey little, it seems, is beyond the skills of those who have been wiretapping and bugging the conversations of high-level officials and releasing the recordings on social media.
He has been fishing his whole life, and his father, Houston, was a well-known lure designer and builder.
Vick spoke bluntly of the awkwardness of his situation since he signed a one-year contract with the Jets worth $5 million with the expectation that he would battle Geno Smith, a second-year passer who lacks polish, for the starting job.
SoundExchange, a nonprofit organization that collects recording royalties from Internet and satellite radio, estimates that about $60 million is lost each year in uncollected royalties from oldies.
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts on Nov. 7, the company estimated that it would spend $5 million in legal fees this year to “defend net neutrality,” a cost that has bitten into earnings.
This article was translated by Michael Emmerich from the Japanese.
How does an athlete imagine a snowboard cross final or a short-track race, where the action is so dynamic and unpredictable?
That dispute, which positioned JPMorgan against the government and ultimately one government agency against another, traced to the point after Mr. Madoff’s arrest in December 2008.
January includes H. P. Lovecraft, Zadie Smith and Arthur Hailey — what’s not to love?
“Weddings historically have this long association with material well-being,” Ms. Bottigheimer said.
When asked if there was anything more that needed to be done about Stephenson’s poking his head into Heat huddles , Spoelstra said he would let the N.B.A.
It was looking like something half realistic and half handmade.
Evan Osnos, a journalist who lived in Beijing from 2005 to 2013 and covered the country first for the Chicago Tribune and then for The New Yorker, where he is now a Washington-based staff writer, puts these dueling images into perspective in his new book , “Age of Ambition: Chasing Fortune, Truth, and Faith in the New China.” In an interview, he described why China today feels like a Gilded Age and how the lives of Chinese and Americans are growing more similar even as their countries appear increasingly unable to get along.
And it will take Perry time to overcome that.” Mr. Perry would probably also face a stronger field of fresher-faced conservatives in 2016, Mr. Scala said.
“You can’t do anything if you don’t breathe, and that’s what’s happened to our hockey club.
So he sticks on a flap here, a fold there, until the result resembles nothing so much as the outfit of an overwrought art gallerist, the collage from the wall having migrated to the body.
The former heavyweight champion Shannon Briggs disrupted a news conference in Düsseldorf, Germany, for Wladimir Klitschko’s title bout against Alex Leapai.
Despite the prominence of the bridge, memory is an elusive thing, and history recedes, even for a tiny town so intimately tied to the grand events that shaped modern Europe.
“Half the time, I was saying, ‘If I’m not the best, promise me you’ll leave me,’ because this was the biggest moment for her,” Ms. Williams said.
Dozens, perhaps hundreds, of works from an estate once valued in court papers at more than $60 million have gone missing, including an 11th-century scroll, “The Procession of Taoist Immortals,” that is viewed in China as a national treasure.
Its choice of ballets by living choreographers is, however, much more problematic.
“I try to treat them all the same as much as I can; ‘fairly and consistently’ is what I preach to all my guys, because they notice variations.
The inhabitants of the villages fled in a panic from their houses to camp out in the open air.
With a 72-month loan at the same rate, your monthly payment would be $456, but your total interest cost would be $2,818, or an increase of $945.
Everyone went crazy for American drinks, and they started importing the gear.” Throughout the 1870s, inventors sought to improve on the basic design.
That’s exactly the kind of thing I think this reader wants to hear.
Mr. Rangel’s camp, for its part, said it had not heard of any major issues during the day.
Rupert Murdoch’s 2010 admonition in a memo to News Corporation employees (sent on a Friday) captured the changing spirit: “It may be summer, but work on Friday is just as important as it is in other seasons.” It’s part of a trend toward less flexible work arrangements.
After a recent spate of hate crimes, including the defacing of a church and offices at the Vatican’s Notre Dame Center in Jerusalem, the top Roman Catholic cleric in the Holy Land, Latin Patriarch Fouad Twal, has urged the authorities to do more to crack down.
And Mr. Simmons admitted he hasn’t so much as lifted a hammer during production: “Let me keep it real.
Absent from this coverage was any mention of the laws that effectively ban street protests in Russia or the jailing of prominent bloggers and dissidents.
The banner that provoked the riot celebrated Albanian heroes, including one who fought the Serbs in the early 20th century, and ultranationalist aspirations for a state of “Greater Albania,” which would include all of Kosovo.
That vast and inviting space, with its benches and fountains, seems better suited to public debate than a military funeral or the sidewalk outside an abortion clinic.
The victim is in critical condition and can’t move his legs.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wilton Historical Society, 224 Danbury Road.
By then, court papers say, she had already had sex with four of the five boys — four are 15, one is 17 — in her car and on high school property.
We didn’t have time for that.
“He could present a more positive picture.” Nobody, she said, knows exactly what “self-sufficiency” means — selling telescope time, raising an endowment or holding annual fund-raising drives like those on public radio.
Boil 4 to 5 minutes, until crisp-tender.
He said: “If you overcome the nerves, your training will take over.
Artworks Trenton, 19 Everett Alley.
One World Trade is symmetrical to a fault, stunted at its peak, its heavy corners the opposite of immaterial.
She is building an aviary that will be a cat-free zone.
Western officials said they do not plan to sanction Mr. Putin himself, at least at this point, because he is a head of state, nor do they intend to target Sergey V. Lavrov, the foreign minister, because he needs to travel if there are any future diplomatic talks.
According to the complaint, Bank of America executives wrestled over whether to tell investors about the mounting Merrill losses.
In “At Nets’ Game, a Plan for a Simple Statement Is Carried Out to a T,” Scott Cacciola writes about how LeBron James, Jay Z and more made “I Can’t Breathe” T-shirts happen in the N.B.A.
How did you perceive your character in “5 to 7″?
There are no fees to use the facilities.
I’m curious to see what happens Sunday during an otherwise meaningless game between Washington and the St. Louis Rams in the nation’s capital.
They have deployed a series of radio telescopes at the South Pole in search of the swirl pattern.
Discovery Times Square: ‘The Art of the Brick’ (through Labor Day) Nathan Sawaya uses the tiny Lego block to create large and fanciful works of art.
The idea is that teachers, like doctors in medical residencies, need to practice repeatedly with experienced supervisors before they can be responsible for classes on their own.
HOW did Chinese authorities restrict civil liberties and increase censorship in preparation for the anniversary?
Here are recent examples of Russia’s new assertiveness.
(Yes, that’s related to the infamous death-panel debate .)
“That’s what we kind of said all year: ‘Let’s keep it close and not panic.’ We stayed close.” The Cardinals won the World Series in 2011, a wild card in 2012 and the N.L.
Style is how we engage with popular media.
A spokesman for the hospital, Christian Preston, said Friday that he could not comment on the case because of the litigation and privacy concerns.
Johnson has taken leave from the tour to address unspecified personal matters.
The dancers maintained sculptural tension throughout and moved with an unwavering dynamic urgency that soon grew monotonous.
to pay an unlimited amount for players with severe neurological conditions, was significantly flawed because retirees with other medical problems would receive no money.
Others, especially Europeans, are astonished at what she has achieved in such a short time, but Mikaela appears unaffected by her success.
Kent Jenkins, a Corinthian spokesman, said its typical student is from a low-income family and has failed in previous attempts to earn a certificate or degree.
Heading into his senior year, Walls was considered the top cornerback prospect in the country.
Assailants with explosives and knives killed three people and wounded at least 79 Wednesday evening outside a railroad station in Urumqi, the capital of western China’s restive Xinjiang region, where President Xi Jinping had just concluded a visit, state news media reported, calling it a brazen terrorist assault.
Many had little exposure to investments outside the United States, or they had bond allocations made up of four collections of junk bonds.
Britain’s democratic impulses in the 1950s came after it had been ejected from India and the country was trying to head off revolts in several colonies.
(This is also the principle behind reality television shows; viewers will think that however bad their own lives are, at least they aren’t 16 and pregnant or trying to avoid a hungry alligator or being subject to some kind of unthinkable public humiliation – an idea of “it could be worse.”) As expected, this idea has already been expressed in the comments of those who realize anew how lucky they are.
Simply put, you like and trust them, Professor Brands says.
“That’s a win.” And the next day: “It’s in The Globe, a top 29,000 finish!” In truth, time did not matter.
Cook County has implemented an exemplary system for mental health support for inmates.
“Art Official Age” comes across as a concept album diverted by second thoughts.
At least 14 have responded by appointing either a woman or a member of a minority.
Last week, already in Month 47 of the law, the federal government announced a second delay of the full employer mandate until January 2016 (which will be Month 70).
“I don’t know,” Quick said about how he made the save.
This book is an acknowledgment that serenity and well-being actually cannot be dished up cafeteria-style — and that sometimes the only sure way to gain control is first to relinquish it, whether to a bad disease, a dying patient or the constraints of a finite life span.
State regulations limit potency, serving size and packaging, but there are no regulations on what kinds of foods may contain pot.
The waterbugs, however, are a little trickier.
James Neal scored the only goal in a six-round shootout to give the Nashville Predators a 4-3 win at home over the Los Angeles Kings.
“The idea was we don’t need downtown hotels,” said Kevin McGruder, who at the time was the real estate director at Abyssinian Development Corporation and who is now assisting Mr. Adams and others on possible ways to preserve the Renaissance.
“For us as packaging designers and packaging developers, at the outset of an innovation,” he said, it is critical “to ask ourselves the question ‘How can we design this so that the materials that we use will have more than one life?’ ” In Britain, Unilever has started selling a compressed version of its Sure, Dove and Vaseline spray deodorants, shrinking the size of cans by half, a change that cuts the aluminum content by a quarter and requires 35 percent fewer trucks for shipping, the company said.
“It’s incremental at best.” Todd M. Morgan, senior managing director at Bel Air Investment Advisors, was chairman of the capital campaign at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles in 2004.
Jimmy Wales , the founder of Wikipedia, updated Mr. Colbert’s wiki site to say he “was” the host of “The Colbert Report” as he rode on the bus to the after-party.
People often talk about Taiwan’s democracy as a work in progress.
The British budget released this week was not really a statement of economic policy but a program for winning next year’s general election.
Muscles need to burn energy to generate mechanical forces, for example, while kidney cells need to pull waste out of the bloodstream.
Some federal loans give you a six-month grace period after you graduate while others give you nine months.
One man, Devon Davis, 21, who was to soon begin a job operating games in Coney Island, sat on steps opposite a six-story apartment building, holding a loaded pistol, according to a criminal complaint.
“When Ruben’s swinging the bat good, he doesn’t hit the ball in the air — he hits line drives and he hits ground balls,” Manager Terry Collins said after the 4-3, 11-inning victory, adding, “He’s much more effective when he works the middle of the field.” Tejada emerged as the Mets’ future shortstop in 2012, when he played 114 games and hit .289 with a .333 on-base percentage.
Police said Jaydon Lee Reid fatally shot Terrance Banks, 23, and Sterling Hargrave, 21, while robbing them of cash and marijuana.
Mr. Cuomo proposed raising the cutoff for the estate tax to $5.25 million, from $1 million, meaning the rich would be able to pass on far more of their wealth.
Start-ups, small businesses and freelancers are the bread and butter of WeWork, which has locations spread between cities like New York, San Francisco, Boston, Seattle and Chicago.
Abdullah Tabarak — who remains free — arguably poses a greater threat to the United States than the five Taliban detainees.
As the first Kyrie section begins, roiling, boisterous activity fills the orchestra, while the choir enters above it with calm, hovering harmonies: the heavens gazing down on the ceaseless, self-involved bustle of earth.
His deputy finance minister for business innovation, Fleur Pellerin , a dynamic 40-year-old credited with schooling Mr. Hollande on the importance of the digital economy, has been busy pushing initiatives to turn Paris into a “tech capital” to rival the world’s most active start-up hubs.
Though Mr. Nichols failed to win a third Tony for his next show, the Sheldon Harnick-Jerry Bock musical “The Apple Tree,” it was, like the first three, a hit, and for several weeks after it opened in October 1966, Mr. Nichols’s entire Broadway oeuvre was up and running at the same time.
— Melissa MarkViverito (@MMViverito) 21 Dec 13 More posts show the speaker’s eclectic and goofy side: #OMG!
Asia Society and Museum will honor Diwali, the South Asian Festival of Lights, with a program filled with arts, crafts and traditional performances.
It may not be summer yet, but this is the drink for it.
I’m willing to accept the bargain, but only on my schedule.
I couldn’t have done anything more.
“It’s going to be a black male in a white T-shirt,” the dispatcher says over the radio.
She wants to be an accountant, but cannot legally work even as a basic bookkeeper.
Land Bank officials sketched boundaries around six parts of the city’s dour landscape for demolitions.
One service, iCracked, will even send techs to your home or office to fix your phone while you wait, or buy it from you.
So she went to work for another organization, the International Medical Corps, in Indonesia.
I’ll go wash my mouth out with soap.
Diagon Alley is in the abutting Universal Studios.
He’s been out of prison for five years, released when his accuser, Beth (Ahna O’Reilly), recanted her testimony.
Gradually, the newcomers realize that they are enclosed in a cosmic bell jar.
At that moment, Taylor said, “Tom realized that the climate threat was near, present, imminent, massive — and aggravates every other crisis, whether it’s hunger or civil rights.” He had to do something different.
Underground Resistance was founded in the late 1980s by Mr. Banks and Jeff Mills, musicians instrumental in giving Detroit techno its sound.
New Jersey has endured intense storms in recent years, including Hurricanes Irene and Sandy.
We also learned water safety basics; the leaders told us to use a sock to help filter what we collected from a stream.
More than a century ago, blue-collar workers fought for a limited workday with an activist anthem: “Eight hours for work, eight hours for rest, eight hours for what we will.” It’s a heritage that, this Labor Day, we need to restore.
“During Chief Minister Modi’s tenure in office, the state of Gujarat has had impressive economic development successes,” Ms. Wasem wrote in the report’s second line.
[ New York Times ] • Former Gov.
His inability as Treasury secretary to explain himself, or his actions, or the financial crisis, or his beliefs about financial reform, to the wider public will leave many readers, I suspect, feeling they are hearing his voice on these subjects for the first time.
Will the emotional punch of “Beautiful: The Carole King Musical” send that show soaring to victory on Sunday in the race for the best musical Tony Award?
Mr. Piniella must be commended for relentlessly depicting Hector as a volatile teenager whom few people would care to encounter late at night.
The Others (These players fall into the next priority tier, but they can still make a difference if they fill a positional need.)
headquarters in Washington and at the Fenimore Art Museum in Cooperstown, N.Y. Mr. Fasanella grew up on Sullivan Street in Greenwich Village, where his father hauled ice for a living.
The boards of directors of both companies have recommended that shareholders approve the deal.
In this regard, the laws have been fantastically successful.
“You look forward to eating it on the street.” An early glimpse at what a Halal Guys franchise might look like will come next month when the first shop opens on 14th Street, just off Second Avenue.
“I thought if I made the choice, it would be easy.
A 2016 opening date is expected.
“Now, my goals have shifted,” he wrote.
“You can now mainly cut your focus to one thing: Did he foul him or not?” Mr. Borgia said.
Mr. Youngaitis’s fees range from $150 for a stuffed parakeet to $1,600 for a full bear.
Cut each chicken breast into 2 equal pieces (3 if they are 12 ounces or more) and place in the bowl.
The bride’s father is the president and the owner of Jefco Awnings, an awning, window and door company in Philadelphia.
The current crisis gives us an opportunity to restore the proper balance between the branches.
In pursuing their bids, the two suitors took advantage of a helpful provision in the Pinnacle agreement: If Hillshire’s board determines that a takeover bid would be in the best interests of shareholders, it can then recommend that investors vote against the Pinnacle deal.
She grew up in Hawaii with a mother who had her first child at 16 and a father who battled drug addiction and had numerous children with other women.
A Crimean Tatar who grew up in Uzbekistan, Mr. Amzayez met me in a tearoom in the town of Bakhchysarai, a Tatar stronghold southwest of Simferopol.
Adopting a defiant, if somewhat prickly, tone, Ryan vowed that the defense would thrive again.
When taking a biopsy of a lump on Ralph’s thigh, Marc confesses, “I pushed the scalpel in until I reached healthy tissue.
Advocates for student-athletes declared it a major victory.
The bride’s father retired as a civil engineer for Con Edison in Manhattan.
The noise, a spokeswoman for the hall said the next morning, had come from drilling in the basement.
The wound on her leg had become worse; it throbbed and exuded a hideous yellow pus.
In low-balance brokerage accounts that belong to teenagers, however, bad investments help teach better habits that will matter later when the stakes get bigger.
David Howard, a spokesman for Reynolds, said it would take several months to scale up.
Tourist lodges are costly, so they tend to come later, or prove impractical in some areas.
We are in for some major rainfall .
“Thon is an ambivalent figure,” he said in an interview.
Both were good: a rich molten chocolate cake and a pumpkin cheesecake with plenty of nutmeg and a sprinkling of salted roasted pecans.
They cheered when the doors were opened and marched past a phalanx of security into the council chambers.
In 2007, a team of Dutch and Russian researchers found that 500,000-year-old bacteria were still repairing their damaged molecules.
He was able to build a team.
A result is that the system of fines violates the fundamental tenet of proportionality in our criminal justice system.
Not that the incident cuts any ice with the Uruguayans in Natal.
Throughout his career, he has cast himself as a bawdy countercultural sprite, flashing his rouged nipples in “Cabaret” or hawking risqué-sounding bath products.
Only Ms. Colley’s Abigail, as tough as any present-day alpha girl, seems unafflicted by doubts.
They don’t dance for mere pleasure; it’s more that they’re compelled to, like Wilis and swans, those ballet creatures who come out only at night.
When Garoffalo studied the videotape, he was struck by Wildcat Red’s efficiency of motion and, even more so, by how strongly he galloped out once the drill ended.
“Nobody saw this cultural issue coming,” he said.
Ms. Barry devotes three pages in her book “What It Is” to discovering Zap, noting that she once copied the whole of Zap No.
It is typically served raw, but you may order it leb leb, seared just enough to seethe.
Indiana progressed from a first-round playoff exit three years ago to the conference semifinals to the conference finals a year ago.
“The stock of modern places to purchase is very sparse,” said Mr. Mattis, 38, a senior software engineer at Square, the mobile payment company.
Farther back, Mr. Khan exhorted his supporters to move forward from the top of a container.
Or do I mean coercion?
It was during Hillary Clinton’s hard-fought 2008 Democratic primary against then Senator Barack Obama that her daughter emerged as a more public figure, stumping for her mother.
Isn’t it beautiful how these ancient figures of rhetoric still do their work, if now only to give euphony to the corporate canon?
Mr. Dean’s final piece, “Engelsflügel 2,” begins with a series of soft, sustained cluster chords from which a sly melodic line emerges.
What happened there later became a matter of life and death, for as Mr. Greenglass delivered his latest spy notes, a woman — either his wife or his sister — sat at a Remington typewriter and typed them out.
Import/Export • President Obama signs an executive order to streamline the export process.
Surveys show that nearly a quarter of Spain’s population is watching television between midnight and 1 a.m. “It is the Spanish identity, to eat in another time, to sleep in another time,” said Mr. Rodríguez, 36, who had to get up the next morning for his bank job.
Several contemporary artists had been hired to create work for the exterior of the New York State Pavilion.
“There’s something about the energy of a class where you push harder than you do on your own,” said Ms. Gurwitz, who has lost 25 pounds in the 18 months she has worked with Ms. Martin.
The Rockets had a slightly better start, 14-19 record through 33 games, though their final regular-season record of 40-42 was nothing sensational.
“I don’t want that to be passed on to my grandchildren.
Ryan Medeiros, 8, in pink shoes and a pink polka-dot dress, demonstrated sharp aim in mowing down little cardboard targets with the motorized Rapid Red Blaster and its clip filled with darts.
Unlike almost all other host countries, Algeria gave its refugees the right to govern themselves.
DUCK DYNASTY (A&E, Wednesday) America’s most divisive TV show begins its fifth season.
Downtown, preservation tax credits given to developers have spurred a wave of conversions of the city’s century-old office towers to residential lofts and apartments.
The company also offers to service the loans.
Jim Flaherty, a fixture on the world financial stage who stepped down as Canada’s finance minister last month, died on Thursday in Ottawa.
That has not stopped productions from using fancy lofts for young characters, perhaps dressing them down in a slight concession to authenticity.
Stephenson, in response, adopted peacemaking tones between games — conceding that he had a lot to learn — and then went right back into his antics on the floor.
In April, seven of the newspaper’s senior editors sent an internal letter to the management that was leaked to the French news media saying there was “major dysfunction” and “an absence of confidence” with newsroom management.
The lender, which will focus on so-called wholesale mortgages – delivered through brokers or through referrals from banks – plans by the end of June to start making loans that will be eligible for government backing.
It could be a question of blood flow.
They are the drummer Dafnis Prieto, the percussionist Pedrito Martínez, the trumpeter Mike Rodriguez, the saxophonist and percussionist Yosvany Terry, the pianist Elio Villafranca and the bassist Carlos Henriquez.
” Jeroen Dijsselbloem, president of the Eurogroup organization of finance ministers, said during a panel discussion on Monday.
I’ve considered adoption as a future possibility.
Free-standing emergency rooms — which are distinct from urgent care centers, which treat non-life-threatening illnesses and injuries at low cost — have sprouted up around the country in recent years, driven by competition to capture lucrative markets, like the neighborhoods around Greenwich Village.
The quick-witted relationship between Bobby and Charlie — described in the text as contemporaries who are “around forty” — is important to our sense of the pair as vaudevillians of a sort, who goad one another on to ever grander delusions of power.
The Kremlin on Wednesday said that during the phone call with Mr. Putin and the other leaders, “confidence was expressed” that the vote in the upper house of Parliament to rescind an authorization to use Russian troops in Ukraine would “help de-escalate the situation.” The vote by the Federation Council, which took place on Wednesday, was largely symbolic, because Mr. Putin could order urgent military action at his discretion and because the Parliament would very likely restore authority at his request.
That suggests, analysts say, that there has been scant progress in closing some of the core differences, like the status of Jerusalem or the contours of a new Palestinian state.
Some envision AT&T extending free Internet service or email access for brief periods on some flights.
More broadly, opposition can sometimes get in the neighborhood of 60 percent when "preferences" is used in the phrasing for a specific group, as it was for three polls from 2003 .
What was decidedly not better on Wednesday was Mr. Domingo’s singing.
Directed by Kornel Mundruczo, 39, the movie is being presented in Un Certain Regard, a section of the Cannes Film Festival for work that tends to be more adventurous than that in the main competition.
The driver, Walter Ogden, the retiree from Oklahoma, got out, and Czach helped him load some duffel bags.
The family, he said, had “mixed feelings” about Mary Berg’s private mementos’ becoming public, in seeming defiance of her fierce desire for anonymity.
The court will soon have a chance to do that in a case concerning a 2012 federal law that authorized the military detention without trial of people accused of providing support to terrorist organizations.
At one time, Chianti producers believed they needed to make Chianti Classico more attractive to a perceived international palate.
(The book is expanded from a three-part series published in The Times in 2011.)
It really helps that when I go there, I show them photographs I’ve already done, I tell them why I’m interested in this.
“A party that was rather an outcast on Maidan has a lot of power now,” leading to deep dissatisfaction so far among those who favor a more European, democratic society.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Guilford Art Center, 411 Church Street.
The Paramount , 370 New York Avenue.
“As a symbol of the utmost sophistication, Friedrich does fit the bill.” For the moment, though, Mr. Liechtenstein is not sorry to be back in a normal apartment, where no one can wave to him.
A Frenchman with a head like Flaubert seemed amused in a multitude of plaid.
By some estimates, 1 percent of the male population continues, long after puberty, to find themselves attracted to prepubescent children.
I could understand if he’d said it was a tunnel to the basement of Henri Bendel.
But quite a few Portlanders have done so.
Vision improved by what is considered a significant amount in eight of the 18 treated eyes.
Intel also projected that its revenue for all of 2014 would be flat and that gross profit margins could shrink.
WATCHING Jerry Seinfeld’s “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” online.
It is the Crimean region, not the nation of Ukraine.
Ireland is one of the few countries in Europe in which lawyers are permitted to give clients in police custody advice remotely by telephone.
Children run to school with no time to spare; women cannot bear to be seen without their favorite stiletto boots; pedestrians dash across the street against the light and their better judgment.
When Seun Kuti had his shirt off, dancing through the end of a sweaty, magnificently funky set at the Highline Ballroom on Tuesday night, the tattoo across his muscular shoulders was visible: “Fela Lives.” Fela Anikulapo Kuti, Seun’s father, was the creator of the hardheaded, protest-minded Nigerian funk called Afrobeat, which has now spread worldwide.
“It’s a tiny pool of buyers,” said Patrick Jefferson , a furniture and art dealer based in London.
• A dance review on Wednesday about the Daniel Gwirtzman Dance Company’s performance of “The Oracle,” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Fishman Space, misidentified the dancer who performed a duet with Justin Keats.
We’re going to compete, and we want to be in the playoffs.” The Yankees have not been more games above .500 this season than they are now, at 60-54.
TextSecure is based on open-source software and makes its source code available for anyone to see .
“She knows how to make me look crazy.” Mr. Wade said he led the planning because he’s “about the small details.
“Kongo across the Waters,” examines 500 years of cultural exchange between the Kongo, Europe, and the United States.
“It will take many generations before it can compete, but when it does, it will be a scalable architecture that can be delivered to cellphones, something that Yann’s G.P.U.s will never be able to do.” G.P.U.
After the 19-year-old Australian Nick Kyrgios’s four-set defeat of the two-time champion Rafael Nadal in the fourth round Tuesday, Grigor Dimitrov, a rising 23-year-old Bulgarian, thrashed Andy Murray, the defending champion, 6-1, 7-6 (4), 6-2, in the quarterfinals Wednesday.
Email us at NYTNow@NYTimes.com .
But the coziness of the casserole may have eclipsed the culinary virtues of the dish, which is not dowdy in its DNA.
Yet his tailored suit was unrumpled and his auburn hair still perfectly in place.
A breakdown of the issues voters will consider Thursday in Scotland’s referendum on independence.
Citigroup said it was working with investigators in Mexico to “initiate criminal actions” that might yield “just penalties on the responsible parties” and could allow the bank to recover damages.
Last fall, though, a neighborhood pet boutique owner prodded me into trying her grooming service.
I find that friends take well to this kind of dining, at least occasionally.
When I enter my classroom today, I am still one of only two or three women in my department (depending on how you count the faculty), and I am one of only one or two African-Americans.
The groom, 40, is an architect at Lifshutz Davidson Sandilands in London, and a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
It publishes an estimate of median income for dozens of countries for sometime during the period between 2006 and 2012.
McKinnon looks to have locked in the starting job in Minnesota and gets Tampa Bay this week.
These were modern-instrument performances, using flutes and not recorders.
Price would be pre-eminent, along with market conditions and terms.
That contribution, he said, would translate into $400 million a year.
It’s all rigid plastic and hard edges, and I gave myself a wicked cut on my fingertip trying to set it up.
“As the owner put it,” Mr. Obama said to reporters, “he knows what’s it like to work all his life and he understands that if people are working hard, they shouldn’t be in poverty, and that we should be able to do everything we can to make sure that happens.” Twenty-two states and the District of Columbia have moved to raise their minimum wage above the federally mandated level, ranging from $7.40 to $9.32 an hour.
beginning in 2005 about Cobalts that had unexpectedly stopped and stalled.
Blatter’s intended opponent in the last FIFA election in 2011, Mohamed bin Hammam, was shamed and excommunicated before the vote was taken.
He did not waste time shopping around for a lawyer.
Mr. Regan said that Miss Quigley — a Vassar-educated socialite who preferred the honorific Miss to Ms. (she never married) — had made her celestial recommendations through phone calls to the first lady, Nancy Reagan, often two or three a day.
“We have found that these soft skills tend to have a greater effect on how successful young men are on our campus,” said James L. Moore III, an education professor who directs the center.
But occasionally a person calls back, asks for the dispatcher who helped them and apologizes.
The public prosecutor’s office said Jean Carlos Colina, 19, got a 26-year sentence, while José Ferreira Herrera, 18, and Nelfrend Jiménez Álvarez, 21, were jailed for 24 years.
Rebels surprised government troops on their way to Bor on Sunday, killing a South Sudanese general in an ambush captured on film by the BBC.
After watching establishment incumbents — including several State House committee chairmen — fall to novice Tea Party candidates in previous elections, the state’s political class has become mindful that, in most cases, the key to victory is to out-conservative the opponent.
The Jets added Jace Amaro, a tight end from Texas Tech, to improve their weak receiving corps, and Dexter McDougle, a cornerback from Maryland.
She said that he communicated with the family regularly.
“If we just ignore their interests, the Hong Kong capitalism will stop.”
In the best of all possible universes, all these truths and gods would mysteriously and perhaps revelatorily overlap.
Baltimore’s long-term outlook is clouded by the service time of Davis and catcher Matt Wieters, who are both clients of the agent Scott Boras and can be free agents after the 2015 season.
And if you’re a glutton for punishment , you can even use email.
The resulting mix was hypnotic and, for those willing to adjust their pace, could easily be a corrective to the modern-day mania for instant gratification, Mr. Vitiello said.
Don’t think for a second we’d be having a national debate about police brutality (one that includes many on the right), or a White House plan to examine and fix law enforcement, without demonstrations in the streets.
He has a role to play, including, it seems, as a nod toward Ms. Hogg’s own stippled strokes and holistic vision.
My husband, an ardent carnivore, seemed to devour his Tre Carni pie — dense with ground pork sausage, blistering slices of salame picante and speck — within the space of five minutes.
“We have to keep a light on this idea that if you come to San Francisco, you need to also be committed to giving back,” Benioff told The Chronicle.
Search for recipes you find appetizing, and use them to help you better understand the language chefs use.
A friend brought him to a writing class taught by the editor Gordon Lish.
“And then I just don’t watch TV,” he added with a smile.
People know when they’re not getting their fair share.
Some fear those fighters could return from the Middle East imbued with an invigorated sense of purpose — and money from Iraqi oil fields — to further stoke Pakistan’s own wars.
“What is particularly revealing about the book,” Mr. Richardson said, “is the way it shows how photography really opened Picasso’s eyes to possibilities of Modern sculpture.”
“I should be 100 percent by training camp,” said Manning, who had arthroscopic surgery on his ankle April 10.
The expansiveness of that region inspired “Redwood Park,” which has its New York premiere on Tuesday in a one-night only performance.
Police did not release suspect or motive information.
Not once did they crack the 30-assist barrier.
Attorney General Pam Bondi of Florida, after taking a free ride on a chartered jet last year to a resort island far from her home state, made an unusual offer to one of the corporate lawyers from Washington who helped foot the bill: an invitation to stay at her Tampa home while recuperating from surgery.
China’s growing investment in industries worldwide chills those who see in it the specter of a global economic behemoth.
Lexi Thompson, the 19-year-old Kraft Nabisco champion, and Michelle Wie, the 24-year-old winner of the United States Women’s Open, are former prodigies who fulfilled their potential by earning their first major titles.
Westchester Photographic Society, Westchester Community College , Technology Building, Room 108.
As they were being recruited, though, the brothers began to feel like Syracuse was taking their allegiance for granted.
That’s why a Huffington Post/YouGov poll found that 64 percent of African-Americans believe that Officer Wilson should be punished, while only 22 percent of whites think so.
could be backpedaling as it tries to explain how a college all-American could be unwanted after 256 draft picks.
At trial, Mr. Moore and Mr. Bohm presented evidence that another loss-prevention manager had falsified the audit to frame Mr. Kell.
America’s Health Insurance Plans , the health insurance industry group, has been intensely focused on the drug’s price.
An occasionally dysfunctional and even cruel government.
But the most embarrassing thing by far is in a kitchen cupboard, near the Tabasco.
Situated on approximately 500 acres in the Gateway National Recreation Area (its street address is 7000 Shore Parkway, Brooklyn), the academy offers events like birthday-party pony rides as well as equestrian competitions.
When his oldest child received aid letters from colleges, he said, “My reaction was: I just don’t have this kind of money.” This year, with two children in college, he borrowed $19,000 to come up with the parental contributions.
“But don’t worry, I just used the label-maker yesterday,” she said.
Lawyers for an American couple, held in Qatar for more than a year on charges that they murdered their adopted African daughter by denying her food and water, have formally asked the country’s attorney general to open an investigation into medical evidence used by the prosecution, asserting that it was fabricated.
I don’t know what to do.” Lynnis Golden, 28, father of one of Bishop Pickett’s grandchildren, kicked in the door of the home before firefighters arrived Thursday morning.
“I bought tickets, hotels, so I was telling him about the plans.
You can learn about naked puts, long straddles and iron butterflies.
Boston, Baltimore, Milwaukee and San Francisco were among the earliest to establish exchanges.
“I took a lot of fire on that,” said Joseph Canizaro, who headed the Bring New Orleans Back Commission.
He used his severance to start his own blog, Krebs on Security, from his “command center,” a guest room at the Annandale, Va., home he shares with his wife.
He was an adept carpenter.
(Chinen) ★ Billy Hart Quartet (Tuesday through March 8) Billy Hart is a drummer of earthy enlightenment, conversant in every branch of modern jazz but forever connected to its root.
“He put a sheet of Mylar over the ‘Spring’ plate and painted colors on it.
... Bills safety Duke Williams was checked for symptoms of a concussion after making a big hit on Green Bay receiver Randall Cobb.
Consisting mostly of three-dimensional objects, it focuses on comedic art’s formal properties like absurdist contradiction, exaggerated scale and dysfunctional mechanics.
The rest are excreted from the body unused.
with a gay secret.” “That was fine,” he said, “but quite dull.” That changed in 2005 when Mr. Capaldi met Mr. Iannucci, creator of “The Thick of It,” on a day when Mr. Capaldi had come from another demeaning BBC audition and was not in a particularly good mood.
A personal note was struck when the deputy head of the Foreign Ministry’s consular department said that one of his friends knew somebody on the plane.
That is until the swimmer in me, yearning… gets me to a pool, to plunge, to water anywhere, to loose bubbled sighs and let my soul worries stream, away from my locks and teeny, temple curls to my toes.
Temperatures drop again at night, when there may be snow showers.
In July, she is to become the director of marketing and investor relations at Kohlberg & Company, an investment firm in New York.
In this city, the Minhocão is not a creature; it is a haven.
Static scoring makes the clearly wrong assumption that tax policy does not influence the economy, but it has the virtue of being less model-dependent and thus more easily understood.” Casey B. Mulligan, a conservative economist at the University of Chicago, laid out his “ reasons to continue the Elmendorf era .” Keith Hennessey, a top Bush adviser, weighed in , as did Charles Murray and Alan D. Viard of the American Enterprise Institute.
But we’re placing our money wisely, and it is going into infrastructure to help grow the industry.
Additionally, two magnificent panoramas — one of the barn as it appeared before restoration, the other with its skeletal roof open to a cobalt blue night sky — connect material place to mystical space.
We wanted a mixture of styles, from pared back to colorful and quirky, and a mixture of new discoveries and what you might call A-listers, celebrity bloggers like Joy Cho in Los Angeles, from ohjoy.blogs.com .
Beach cuisine, generally speaking, is not known for its imagination or distinction: There are sturdy standbys (pizza, fish tacos) and serviceable snacks (nachos, chips and guacamole).
In a study just published in the New England Journal of Medicine, my colleagues and I highlight another important job for epidemiologists: identifying and controlling epidemics of medical care.
But Facebook will be able to take action only when a member of its community alerts it.
Canada has not beaten the United States since 2001.
In one testy exchange last week with the House Oversight Committee chairman, Representative Darrell Issa, Mr. Koskinen said: “I did not say I would provide you emails that disappeared.
will be in collecting the penalty in its first year.
Other mortgage lenders, including Agricultural Bank of China, Bank of Communications and China Merchants Bank, did not respond to calls for comment.
A single and walk preceded a double by Anthony Rendon, which drove in Ian Desmond.
Mr. Erdogan’s government has made a habit of quashing any opposition, most prominently during the 2013 Gezi Park protests where the police used tear gas and water cannons on demonstrators.
In TriBeCa, a developer hired educators from the 92nd Street Y to design the basement playroom.
With 99 percent of the vote counted, they each had about 49 percent, with a third candidate pulling in less than 2 percent.
Three Israeli teenagers kidnapped from the West Bank have been missing for more than 10 days now, their names — Naftali, Gilad, Eyal — becoming staples of synagogue prayers and cafe chatter across this tiny country.
Krejci racked up a league-leading 23 points in the playoffs, including 12 goals, four of them game-winners.
“I’m ready to get started with the Revs.” Jones signed with New England under the so-called Beckham Rule, named after David Beckham, as a designated player with a salary mostly outside of the salary cap.
“Lewis Hine” closes Jan. 19 — and it’s worth snatching that last chance.
Last week, a Pakistani Taliban commander reported the execution of 23 Pakistani frontier troops held hostage; two weeks ago, a suicide bomber killed nine Shiite Muslims in Peshawar.
“It was a target,” Bannister, now 85, said at his Oxford home, a short distance from the Iffley Road track where he made history.
I felt as if I were playing a game of Simon, the 1970s call-and-response toy.
“Clorox Bleach has a long history of being the iconic solution for keeping your tighty-whities white,” she said.
Those watching him on the practice range might have missed the ponytail sticking out the back of his cap or the cigar in his mouth, entranced instead by the contortion act that he calls stretching.
“It’s way too easy to keep eating a five-dose cookie when the effects don’t show up for 45 minutes,” he said.
Ada Colau, who is expected to run for mayor as the candidate of a recently formed, left-wing civic platform, said that she and her family had in fact stopped going to the Gothic Quarter because it was overwhelmed by foreign tourists and global brands.
In barring not only one-on-one requests but also mass mailings and speeches to large groups, the clinic’s brief said , the bans censor speech unlikely to give rise to judicial corruption.
More vexingly, did you know there is a channel called Destination America , filled with pro forma reality shows about the backwoods?
We see this as absolutely the backbone of U.S. climate strategy,” said Günter Hörmandinger, environmental counselor to the European Union delegation in Washington.
Not all O. nigriventris males have horns.
“Now, this disease will affect our soil,” he said, then added, after a pause, “but it depends on the capital.”
Brunswick should benefit once boaters begin replacing their craft, he reasons.
“My stroke and my feel felt so much better than in Barcelona,” Ledecky said, referring to the site where she broke the world record in the 1,500 last July.
There’s an important lesson here — but it’s not what you think.
They started with four sows and a boar named Boris.
In “2 Broke Girls,” at 8:30, Max (Kat Dennings) goes home with Deke (Eric Andre) after their first date, and Caroline (Beth Behrs) has a shady car towed from in front of her apartment building.
Soon it became a major frustration, as interfaces seemed to change on their own, actions became automated and features I never wanted began showing up.
Two more bedrooms are upstairs, including a suite that opens to a private deck.
An online campaign that went viral helped propel Ms. DiDonato, a top-echelon opera singer who is also a social-media adept , onto the field of Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Mo., last week to sing the national anthem in Game 7 of a World Series featuring her beloved Royals.
“In almost any other context, $375,000 would be a lot of money,” said William Henderson, a professor at the Indiana University School of Law and a director of the Center on the Global Legal Profession.
Then McDonald played Sunday and had three tackles.
MARC F. BERNSTEIN New York, Jan. 12, 2014 The writer is a retired superintendent of schools and a member of the adjunct faculty at Fordham Graduate School of Education.
She ran around the house squeaking it, and although I enjoyed her antics, I had a sick feeling in my stomach.
“The goal of the advertising is to rally the public to support passing comprehensive reform,” said David Donnelly, the executive director of Public Campaign Action Fund.
Also, it was common practice in the 1920s to run low-voltage phone wires along the back walls of buildings, he said in an email.
“I think people understand the need to go for humanitarian lull or truce for a while, but then the question is, what follows?”
In London, for instance, a buyer of a new $3 million property would pay nearly 8 percent of the value in taxes and fees, while in Hong Kong, that number can rise to as much as 25 percent, according to Liam Bailey, the global head of research at Knight Frank.
But in a 140-character fight, that’s almost impossible.
These days, we are all still self-made people, but now it’s a place where you can actually get something done and not fail 25 times along the way.” Through the years, illicit, ephemeral clubs have given way to places with permits, safety checks and public schedules (visitors to Berlin should check Resident Advisor ).
With his case on the diplomatic forefront and Cuba still pushing for the release of three Cuban agents jailed in the United States, experts say Havana is likely to use the latest arrests for its diplomatic benefit.
DODGERS 5, DIAMONDBACKS 2 Dee Gordon hit a go-ahead single in the eighth inning, and Adrian Gonzalez homered, leading Los Angeles over visiting Arizona.
The session was also punctuated by complaints about delays in eliminating Syria’s toxic arms under an agreement that averted American airstrikes on Syria after sarin gas attacks last August near Damascus.
Kapsalis lifted his clarinet to his lips.
Before 2007, no state had abolished it since the 1960s.
But her role is not just comic relief.
The number of elementary school classes with waivers to exceed the state’s 22-student cap rose to 8,479 from 2,238 the year before.
A march in New York City.
Are you tweeting during the shows?
His plans involve cooking the turkey for his fiancée and friends this year.
“It has credibility,” VanVleet said.
A few months later, Square Mile won a $32 million judgment against Mr. Swig.
CARDINALS 8, ORIOLES 3 The rookie Kolten Wong had four hits and scored twice, Peter Bourjos homered, and visiting St. Louis beat Baltimore to avoid a three-game sweep.
Clever architects turned the so-called Bikini-Haus, a 1950s office building that runs alongside the Berlin Zoo, into a trendy mall, with an elegant hotel next door.
As many as 3.3 million immigrants could be eligible.
Henry David Thoreau, one of the fathers of American nature writing, reproached deskbound people like me in “ Walking ,” one of his thousand exhortations on the virtue of wild rambles, for “sitting with crossed legs” all day long in our workplaces.
But there was something else, something really unsayable.
“I’m sure I’ll put it on,” he said, “and it will help me go to sleep.” Until recently, it seemed the Yankees could make the postseason only in their dreams.
When Baran pitched his concept to AT&T, he was confident the company would grasp the wisdom of building a network that could withstand a nuclear attack.
CANADIENS 4, LIGHTNING 1 Rene Bourque had two goals, and David Desharnais and Brendan Gallagher also scored, helping Montreal beat Tampa Bay in Game 2 of their Eastern Conference quarterfinal series.
“The devil is in the details when it comes to these products,” said Christine Benz, director of personal finance at Morningstar.
Thousands of protestors gathered in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo on Monday to protest against racism in reaction to the Sweden Democrats, who have roots in the white supremacist movement.
At this point, however, Ms. Perry’s persistent, fluorescent brand of kitsch can surely be seen from space.
Kluwe said Mike Priefer, the Vikings’ special-teams coordinator, used homophobic language around him after Kluwe, who is not gay, spoke out in favor of same-sex marriage.
Honestly, I no idea – but I can’t say I’m optimistic.
So you can explain quite difficult and advanced ideas, provided you put yourself in a typical reader’s shoes and ask yourself: What do I need to tell them to make sure they have a good chance of understanding what I’m talking about?
Doesn’t she enjoy any of this – the new clothes, the shoes?
The bulk of the morning traffic points toward Kirkuk and beyond; the tide shifts in the afternoon as residents of the Islamic State-controlled territory return home after the day’s business.
We live in a society in which moral standards are already fuzzy, in which people are already encouraged to do their own thing.
Interviewed on NPR, Ms. Barnard said : “I think over all it brings more benefits than problems.
He has scheduled a hearing for Aug. 20 on whether to postpone the elections in affected districts.
Queen + Adam Lambert have been touring the world together since 2012.
The four-bedroom five-and-a-half-bath residence, all of it contained by curtain glass walls that provide spectacular views of Central Park, the Hudson and East Rivers and a cornucopia of city landmarks, is dominated by a 75-foot-long entrance gallery that runs south to north and culminates in head-on views of the entire park.
Bootlegs quickly began to circulate, proving that those nights with the slowed-down “Tangled Up in Blue” and the explosive “It’s Alright Ma” had indeed been wonderful.
However, the Myanmar government viewed the project as a one-sided proposition and put it on the back burner last month, allowing a memorandum of understanding to lapse.
By nightfall, no shots had been fired, but the situation remained very tense, officials said.
But it was also more than nothing.
Let me simplify it with a classic observation: Each close friend you have brings out a version of yourself that you could not bring out on your own.
Also incorporating a way cool science lesson, the show follows the adventures of Velma, whose entry into first grade is complicated by the near-perfect reputations of her older sisters.
Here are some of the things that caught our attention today.
The list of important 20th-century female ballet choreographers isn’t long, but Birgit Cullberg, often forgotten today, is certainly on it.
She pays a company to monitor the fridge in case the temperature rises.
He hasn’t seen her for 20 years either.
I had not yet learned to be skeptical of what I read and to consider the source before forming an opinion.
The F.T.C., which was briefed on the company’s plans, declined to comment.
This motion is the final turn of the screw in “Giselle,” when Giselle, hitherto reluctant to dance her lover to death, now shows her side as a wili, surrendering herself to the love of dance and beckoning him to immolate himself at her side.
No one should have to die for a concert.
After a certain point, they no longer had a choice.
In the morning, add remaining cup of water to the wheat berries and bring to a simmer.
But if you want to browse one of the largest selections (with some of the lowest prices), head to what was once an unlikely grooming destination: St.-Germain-des-Prés, that hotbed of 1940s existentialist philosophy.
These groups can be powerful as long as they are not too overtly political.
The government had already removed more than a dozen high-ranking police officials.
As an engineer, he had seen impending economic problems, he said, when Southern states with right-to-work laws lured industry away with promises of cheaper — and nonunion — work forces.
Polio vaccinations are “dangerous to health and against Islam,” a spokesman for that group, Jamaat-e-Ahrar, said after the attack, echoing longstanding claims that Western countries are using immunization to sterilize Muslim children.
Bob Inglis , a former Republican congressman from South Carolina and advocate for free-market solutions to climate change, said coal states needed to prepare for the transition, and policy makers needed to focus on making it as least wrenching as possible.
The government in Eritrea exercises control also through the “national service,” which is compulsory and open-ended for both men and women from the age of 17.
Lisa credits the chef and cookbook author Joyce Goldstein for the idea.
“The advantage is that you can show the continuous action from one step to the next,” Mr. Lang said.
“We do want to get back to them,” Mr. Kerry said.
for issuing a service bulletin in July 2012 for a “fairly obvious” safety concern over a defective air bag in the Buick Verano and Chevrolet Cruze and Sonic.
“We want to be part of the global community.” President Obama also emphasized Cuba’s reintegration in his comments on Friday.
Until June, he was the chief marketing officer for Benjamin Moore & Co., the paint manufacturer in Montvale, N.J.
Jelavic got a toe on it, but it was defender Marcelo of Brazil who charged in and just socked the ball right in his own net.
But as commercial real estate soars once again, banking is not driving the market as it did in the previous London cycle.
But as it turns out, a field of academics is dedicated to studying the subject of fair division, or how to divide good and bad things fairly among groups of people.
Besides, he noted, America’s war here could not go on forever.
She was arrested on drunken driving charges and was captured on video acting belligerently during the booking process.
“He has an understanding of that.
has been making progress,” he said.
Hammond Museum and Japanese Stroll Garden, 28 Deveau Road.
In 1995, she was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in North Canton, Ohio.
Feb. 1 at 8 p.m. $40.
There are plenty of culprits in Myanmar’s illicit jade and drug trades, but many human rights activists reserve their harshest criticism for China — which they say is content to profit from Myanmar’s chaotic industry.
Blaming the authorities in Kiev, Ukraine’s capital, a spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, Dmitri S. Peskov, told Russian news agencies that “the Kiev regime ordered combat aircraft to fire at civilian towns and villages, launching a punitive operation.” Moscow repeated its warning that it reserved the right to intervene to protect its interests and Russian-leaning residents of eastern Ukraine.
They want to die naturally.
Although the first patient, a businessman named Patrick Sawyer, was vomiting on his flight in, none of the roughly 200 others on the plane fell ill. Others did after helping him into a taxi to a hospital.
The eminent science-fiction writer and futurologist Arthur C. Clarke was adamant throughout his life in his conviction that tools invented man (literally expanded the Cro-Magnon brain), who in turn invented more complex tools, and so forth, in an ever-compounding synergistic upward spiral, each side bringing out ever greater sophistications in the other till one day soon, Clarke was convinced (and was quite unsettlingly pleased, at that, in his conviction) our tools will replace us entirely.
SPUR , an urban research association here, recently came up with a clever plan to legalize in-law units, upzone neighborhood shopping streets, remove density caps and reinvest in public housing, which the city’s mayor, Edwin Lee, has endorsed.
This is driving me crazy.
It’s part of a triple bill called “Passages,” including Russell Maliphant’s “Critical Mass” and Maguy Marin’s “Grosse Fugue,” performed at the Radiant-Bellevue, just outside the city, through Thursday.
Mr. Lee, it seems, had told Enzo Ferrari that he was afraid to buy one of his cars.
In an ideal world, it would be: Each of us would have at least one kind and fully capable human caregiver to meet our physical and emotional needs as we age.
That was precisely 10 years after the debut of “Friends,” the NBC sitcom about six 20-something New Yorkers.
CONTACT Nicolas Mugni, Demeures de Grèce, demeuresdegrece.com , 011- 30 210 99 40 826
The president’s spokesman, Nazifullah Salarzai, said Mr. Ghani’s request to place the funds directly under Afghan control was a goal all donor countries have expressed.
“If it were up to the United States, we would have difficulty trying to rescue that number of girls over that big an area.
The convent, a “disaster inside,” is likely to be razed, he said.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if you see him with a player at some point.” What Lendl also has made tantalizingly clear to former greats is that a coach can play a decisive role on a part-time basis.
But it’s a danger in keeping with her larger point, which is that it’s worth risking an excess of feeling, rather than taking up the fashionable pose of world-weariness, which all too easily shades into detachment and then to cruelty.
“I’m conscious of it; that’s why I give people two days off sometimes, sometimes even three days off,” Manager Joe Girardi said.
They note that Mr. Obama delayed any executive action throughout 2013 and 2014, hoping that Mr. Boehner would allow a vote in the House on a bipartisan bill that passed the Senate When that did not happen by the summer, officials said, Mr. Obama decided he should act on his own.
The global supply of resistance genes that scientists are uncovering appears to be fueling the antibiotics crisis.
He said, “There are things we don’t want to talk about, things we don’t want to say,” but he was a clear exception to that rule.
It was a sharp contrast to the relatively quiet trading earlier in the week after a record-setting run last week.
Should that Friday evening’s performance of Mozart’s “Magic Flute” not be moved back by a few hours to allow audiences to first watch the France-Germany game?
HUNTINGTON Cinema Arts Center Live Music in the Sky Room Cafe: Electronic Musicians Collective, a new show of electronic dance music.
But there are now signs that the labor market is starting to tighten enough that workers may finally get some real raises that significantly outpace inflation.
These hospitals are meant to be places where mentally ill people go to get better.
“Importantly, it should help alleviate pricing pressure in hips and knees given that the market is going from five major players to four,” Larry Biegelsen, a Wells Fargo analyst, said in a note.
Yet his work remains experimental, instinctive and convivial, reflecting his personal enthusiasms and fascination with design history, all of which is instilled in his Serpentine show.
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Mark Lyall Grant, told reporters the resolution was intended to send a message to terrorist organizations like Al Qaeda that rely on ransom payments as a major source of financing.
I think we have guys who can fill in that spot and do the same job that Jozy can.” Injuries and missing players will be a recurrent theme in the game against Portugal, which will be looking to bounce back after being thrashed by Germany, 4-0, in a Cup opener.
Mr. Blankfein sent an internal memo on Thursday to Goldman Sachs employees, praising Mr. Cook’s “eloquent” statement and stressing “the importance of a workplace that celebrates and embraces people’s differences.” But he acknowledged in an interview: “There are still pockets of resistance.
The Design Studio, 2393 Main Street.
And he shamelessly complains about the dastardly things supposedly being done to him by the other guy.
He was told that being hit in the same spot on his face and further injuring the bone there could have permanent consequences for his eyesight.
Promote Awareness of Hearing Loss Is it possible to enjoy music and not damage your hearing?
Mr. Stoppelman of Yelp, which went public two years ago and recently expanded into larger headquarters here, said he viewed the mayor as being pragmatic and problem-solving, qualities that tended to appeal to people in the tech industry.
Her goal, she said, is to start a discussion about race in China, something almost completely absent in the Chinese media.
Maybe she figures it’s the easiest way to make sure she gets a big pile of gifts.
According to the newspaper, the local authorities have started a “thought education” campaign intended to change hearts and minds in the village.
Ziegler, the author of 20 books, most of them biographies, qualifies on all seven counts.
But how do I fully erase it so that my personal information, apps and iTunes password are permanently removed?
GARY SHTEYNGART: I read “The Adventures of Tom Sawyer” as a 9-year-old and fell in love for the first time.
If children heard that Wheat Thins were healthy, they ate, on average, three crackers.
LATEST PROJECT A limited-edition “art fair survival kit” designed with the artist Deborah Kass for Frieze New York, which runs from Friday to Monday.
Mr. Richter acknowledged, however, that he understood officers’ anger.
From there 70 years ago, British planes flew missions in preparation for the D-Day landings in Normandy.
I don’t hang out with criminals, so the only serious threat to my life is motor vehicles.
“Everybody has tried to change me,” Walden said.
“Even if it’s not a home run, it could be game over,” Roberts said.
But a moment of truth came when someone suggested streamlining the royal marriage by having Henry turn against Anne when their first baby wasn’t a male heir.
It reminded her of the first time she’d tasted an olive.
At the time, the files were divided into four categories: those on cadres, students, employees, and military personnel.
You also have 1,1, which adds a single possibility in on the addition side of things.
In the second half, they gained all of 107 yards.
This year, Netflix is back with 31 nominations, including for its “House of Cards” and “Orange Is the New Black” series.
Those six hours sailed by gloriously.
When you first see Cornelia — played by the astonishing Romanian actress Luminita Gheorghiu — she’s seated on a sofa, a scowl creasing her face and a cigarette burning in her hand.
Sept. 26 at 9:30 p.m. $5.
Those bomblets in turn hold small pieces of chopped steel rod.
Jay Nixon, asked about the proposed boycott at a news conference on Tuesday, shrugged off concerns that it would inflict even more harm on area retailers.
It was only one of many potent symbols of change that dominated a ceremony unlike many before it.
Soon, pension funds, asset managers, community banks and even sovereign wealth funds joined in.
On the other hand, it helped him as a historian to see the world as history makers might, he said.
Sept. 27 at 7:30 p.m. $7 and $10.
But I can also insist that my students interact with me in a professional manner, even if it’s not something they’re accustomed to in other classes.
“Phil’s injury is not as bad as I thought it was on the night,” the United interim manager, Ryan Giggs, said Friday.
Yes, Forest Hills Stadium is a fairly small stadium.
“We plan on putting their safety organization through the paces, where we will feed into them potential information on defects,” he said, to see how it was disseminated within the corporation and whether it led to appropriate decisions.
But Williams College in the 1960s, Colby College in the 1980s and other schools at other times decided to eliminate fraternities and didn’t suffer any great cost or disruption.
Colonel Lerner said the operation “now has three components, not two: it’s rockets, tunnels and an abduction now.” Daniel Nisman, a former combat soldier who now runs a Tel Aviv geopolitical security company, said Israeli troops are taught that preventing an abduction is the highest priority, even if it means risking a captive soldier’s life by firing at a getaway vehicle.
(Placing an abstract painting, such as one by Cy Twombly, over a Baroque console was a Vervoordt innovation.)
Rioforte said its management was not available for an interview.
Dec. 20 at 7 p.m.
During the final years of the Clinton administration, the United States spent relatively little on programs in Cuba under Helms-Burton.
“You don’t call a witness a liar while he is in the witness box.”
Although I sometimes wonder what Flavia thinks of what goes on in the mind of a 75-year-old man.” Therapy: The former defense secretary Robert M. Gates is at No.
The Chelsea player took part in individual exercises at the team hotel for the second day.
The Russian-held North was declared a republic separate from the American-backed South in 1948, but the country fared badly from war and diplomatic isolation.
How do people in your office cope with such brutal feedback?
She retired last year after a series of strokes.
“We are starting a war against illegal fishing,” the country’s maritime and fisheries minister, Susi Pudjiastuti, said in an interview on Thursday.
In an email to his mother, he said, “I suppose it’s white private school conditioning, turning the other cheek.” Martin’s father, who attended Harvard, acknowledged in a text message that he had “punked out many times” when confronted by whites who used the “N” word.
But increasingly names turned toward themes of wind and fire: Super-Hurricane (Willys) or FirePower (Chrysler) and Hy-Fire (Plymouth).
Among people under 40, more than three-quarters were dissatisfied.
To the Editor: Re “ The Obamacare We Deserve ” (Op-Ed, Jan. 1): Michael Moore is correct — Americans deserve a single-payer system, and the Affordable Care Act is a poor substitute.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the business, which handles credit cards for stores like Gap and Walmart , said it planned to rename itself Synchrony Financial.
Banks grappled with challenging markets last year, in part because of uncertainty over the Federal Reserve’s extraordinary economic stimulus program.
Nonetheless, here they were, digging into scrambled eggs, sipping coffee and chatting companionably with him on a Saturday morning.
He told the Sarajevo court empaneled hastily to try him and his fellow conspirators that he had lost hope of killing the couple and retreated into a corner delicatessen, now the museum.
“We are one hotel of a brand new chain with a brand new name.” Its room rates run about $15 higher than competitors’ prices.
This has been quite a year for difficult male artists and their troubles — with women, with ambition, with a world that doesn’t quite understand them.
I’ve been so busy doing this movie [“Squirrels to the Nuts”] that I haven’t seen much television.
Sometimes the smallest things matter the most.
John Mara, one of the Giants’ owners, has said, “It’s just not part of our philosophy.” Shortly after forming the cheerleading team, De Villegas reached out to the Giants, but she never got a response.
John Phillip Chitwood, 27, was shot in the stomach and killed during an argument with Benjamin Vinson, who allegedly opened fire with a shotgun, in Central, S.C. , Thursday night.
They struggled for a moment, and then were still.
Do not skimp on the water.
Yet his college career, like his high school career, did not start so smoothly.
She has maintained the view that the job market is far from good health, and that monetary policy can help, even as some Fed officials argue the Fed’s work is done.
But Anthony D. Romero, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union, was more skeptical, noting that Mr. Obama had warned of hurdles with moving the data into private hands.
That may indeed explain why football coaches seek bigger salaries, but it doesn’t explain why they are getting them.
Mr. Hagel said the investigations reflected a “consistent lack of investment” in the nuclear forces.
Still, Wheeler dropped his earned run average to 1.41 over his last five starts.
Over time, the stories themselves start to matter less than the fact that we are gathered to tell them.
(Johnson) Last Chance Brooklyn Museum: ‘Chicago in L.A.: Judy Chicago’s Early Work 1963-74’ (closes on Sunday) Love it or hate it, Judy Chicago’s “The Dinner Party” remains a great, enduringly provocative monument of feminist art.
“But we want to be here with our husbands, our fathers, our brothers.
As Brooks Barnes and Michael Cieply note in The New York Times, the film “was one of the year’s most divisive pictures because of its depiction of sex and drug use that pushed the boundaries of the R rating.” Beyond that, the film has been criticized for glorifying the boozy, drugged-out excess that Mr. Belfort describes in his book, as well as for ignoring the plight of the victims of his scheme.
Pam Garner, 43, was shot in the head and arm at the Walmart where she works in Fitzgerald, Ga. , Monday morning, and police suspect her husband.
Spending by the federal Medicare program , private health insurance and people’s out-of-pocket expenditures all declined, suggesting that the savings were systemwide and not due to changes in just one kind of insurance.
He noticed progress, despite a lack of playing time.
“But even for coffee it’s at least double the price,” he said.
The earnings of the very richest households have diverged sharply from those in the middle, too.
Bought more than you can fit it your suitcase to take home?
Residents of the coastal Seemandhra region of the state have vociferously opposed the division, fearing the loss of river waters flowing from the Telangana region and access to education and jobs in Hyderabad, the state capital.
Injuries have hampered him the last two seasons.
That so many Europeans have allowed present grievances to obscure Europe’s greatest achievement since 1945, the creation of a European community, however incomplete and bureaucratically encrusted it may be, is lamentable.
The screenwriter in Mr. Hayes mandates that “I Am Pilgrim” begin with a big, lurid crime scene.
The orders came as thousands of ethnic Russians gathered outside the regional Parliament in Crimea’s capital, Simferopol, to protest the political upheaval in Ukraine’s capital, Kiev, that felled the government of President Viktor F. Yanukovych over the weekend and turned him into a fugitive.
Others, like Jacques Tati and Stanley Kubrick, are masters of their own particular universe.
Its standard, pioneering City Safety system, now mimicked by some competitors, can automatically stop the V60 at speeds up to 31 m.p.h.
This case, which dates to an episode in 2000, is infamous in part because the efforts to conceal the men’s identities were so amateurish and the facts so well established by India’s own civilian investigators.
Among the outstanding issues is whether England should continue to be ruled solely by the national Parliament in Westminster, which includes Scottish, Irish and Welsh members, or be given some form of regional government as well, akin to those in Scotland, Ireland and Wales.
None of the first six games of this year’s World Series had been seen by more than an average of 13.4 million viewers.
The more that Times journalists can do so, the better.
“It is necessary to say everything that in the Lord we feel must be said,” without any concern that it might contradict the pope, he said.
Lately, however, my favorite idol – like an aging model or athlete – is missing a beat and has lost a step with the times.
Even when Mr. Giordani is effective — in his natural phrasing and his indefatigable high register — it is despite large swaths of his voice that sound tattered.
We popped for a bottle of “locational” cider from Aaron Burr Cidery , which features a pistol on the label and is made from “unsprayed, uncultivated apples foraged from wild and abandoned trees along the Neversink River.” Dry, bracing and delicious, it paired nicely with the burger and made us feel like we were part of a Revolutionary War re-enactment.
PG: Like another kind of closet.
Nevertheless, Ukraine could still have an enhanced partnership with NATO.
He and his wife, Erin, decided they wanted to give their two sons, Charlie and Rowan, now 9 and 6, a younger sibling, and so Milo, now 2, entered the picture.
MARLINS 9, BRAVES 3 Host Miami had 10 hits in four and two-thirds innings off Aaron Harang, the National League leader in earned run average, to beat Atlanta.
The narrow house, built in 1940 with thick stone walls now painted a cool white, was restored at a cost of about €80,000.
The year is 2031, and it all happened because of a failed global-warming experiment, which appears to have left the planet snowbound.
to cut interest rates in November, but many central bank policy makers are viscerally opposed to the sort of money printing that finally breathed life into Japan’s economy.
Parents and teachers across the state began to air their grievances, detail by detail.
More than 50 companies make up this group, the so-called Merchant Customer Exchange or MCX, including global retail giants like Walmart, Best Buy and Gap Inc. It’s not that these companies don’t want a mobile wallet to truly catch on with consumers.
Because then the funding stops.” Niger, with its exploding population and its vast unfertile territory, has one of the world’s lowest rates of contraceptive use, Mr. Guengant noted.
A commenter finally suggested the blog give her a regular column, and soon, she was writing daily about the history of interesting buildings and making $20 per post at the start.
The benefits of incumbency will allow many of these Republicans to defy even the most inhospitable conditions.
The low hum of its motor sounded like a vacuum cleaner on the hardwood floors of our Upper West Side apartment, where it took up roughly two-thirds of any room, all of which are already fully occupied.
The police appeared to have lost track of Mr. Reyes after the jogger attack, even though he had been identified as a suspect in the rape two days before.
During his 40 minutes inside the borough hall, the governor apologized and promised that traffic in the town would not be tied up intentionally again, Mr. Sokolich said.
Tavern on the Green grew and grew again, to a total of 31,000 square feet.
The central bank has to be “beyond reproach,” Mr. Carney said in testimony before the Treasury Select Committee.
Mr. Colbert , the star of Comedy Central’s “Colbert Report,” will be — in one way — an all-new talent for CBS because he will drop the broadly satirical blowhard conservative character he has played for nine years, and instead perform as himself.
On the one hand, they’re interested in justice, both personal (“Jane”) and social ( “Paint Me Colors,” where they sing, “I’ll never understand what it means to be a man who is white/’cause he never has to fight”).
“Touching Strangers,” a monograph by the Chicago-born photographer Richard Renaldi, would have fit nicely as a capstone for Bussard’s case studies, as it pushes the notion of street photography even further.
I was petrified and the conversation was extremely difficult.
With solos on jaw harp, pennywhistle and spoons, Mr. Finch portrays a series of Guthrie’s musical collaborators and antagonists.
Though strippers no longer entertained at the officers’ club — as had been the case when Christensen’s father served at Ellsworth — at the time Christensen began there, it was still legal in the military to rape your wife.
Thousands of protesters surged through the city, setting fire to buildings including the Parliament and marching on the presidential palace.
The idea of rewarding this group is galling, given the general culture of corruption in Albany that allows special interests — which make huge campaign contributions to these politicians — to drive much of the agenda.
In 2003, the network submitted a draft law.
Property owners can reap royalties totaling hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars from drilling in the Utica Shale formation, which lies below the better-known Marcellus Shale.
Spanish Harlem Salsa Tour (Friday through Thursday) This tour, which meets at 110th Street and Fifth Avenue, includes a lecture on the music and a walk through the neighborhood, visiting social clubs and homes of famous salsa musicians.
While waiting on the mezzanine of 30 Rockefeller Plaza to go upstairs to the studio complex, you stood in a rotunda, already immersed in the world of radio, as envisioned by the powerful photography of Margaret Bourke-White .
State Senator Phillip P. Puckett’s sudden decision to step down from his seat after serving 16 years may tip a stalemate in favor of Republicans opposed to expanding Medicaid to 400,000 poor and disabled residents.
“If you go after them, you take a risk with your life doing that.” There are currently 63,571 for-hire drivers of livery cabs, green cabs, limousines and luxury sedans in the city, according to the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission.
When Mr. de Blasio settled on naming her as his counsel, however, it was with a very different vision for the job.
◆ To the Editor: As a professor at Brown, I find statements like Anthony Grafton’s, in his review of “Excellent Sheep” — “Many students at elite universities amble like sheep through four years of parties and extracurriculars, and then head down the ramp to the hedge funds without stopping to think” — dismayingly typical of the sheeplike conformist contempt that many humanities professors have for students who choose careers in finance.
His opening scene showed Don Giovanni spinning Donna Anna into place to stab her father, the Commendatore, adding a smidgen of post-Freudian electric charge.
Both Mercedes and Renault in their Formula One engine programs have called directly on the resources of the parent company to solve problems with the new technology.
In the bond market, interest rates held steady.
“Back home, there’s so much noise,” said Vazquez, who is sitting out the season because he enrolled in January.
It does not bring back their youthful lives.
Urine flowed into my bladder.
“The long term financial health of universities is more uncertain than it was five years ago,” Ms. Bergman said.
“WhatsApp reminds us of other companies that we partnered with — like PayPal, and YouTube — whose founders chose a similar path,” Jim Goetz, a partner at Sequoia, wrote in a blog post on Wednesday .
In response, senior White House health care advisers ordered us to pull the regulation.
It will continue to grow and evolve.” Mr. Caiola said he and Mr. Salama had taken the critiques to heart.
cannot indicate how good economic prospects are for the next generation, or even for a majority of us today.
Over the decades, this modern wave of immigrants from Asia has increasingly become more skilled and educated.
hasn’t changed and we’d like to see it repealed.” Congress based its authorization of the Iraq war on the government of Saddam Hussein’s supposed possession of chemical, biological or nuclear weapons.
People want to believe what suits their preconceptions, so why the big difference between left and right on the extent to which this desire trumps facts?
Balanchine makes it funny, definitive, infectious.
Leo, while not on the team, becomes a father figure and a buddy to Eli.
(It’s been a very long journey — abetted by an important Supreme Court decision — since President George W. Bush tried to restrict carbon dioxide from such plants and quickly reversed course .)
Nor did the jihadists seem to have a plan for their growing number of hostages.
Next, he planned to lay the nuts in crates between layers of perlite and stack the crates in front of a heater.
“Indian Ink” was the last play Tom Stoppard wrote that didn’t soon become a New York event.
People close to Mr. Obama say that although he is committed to building a climate legacy, he does not see the pipeline as a central part of that effort.
How do companies make sure that customers have a clear understanding of how their personal information might be used?
The front end gets Chevy’s new family face.
Used on a daily basis, Winteregg in Congress will help you every time the moment is right to have your voice heard at the federal level.” Winteregg’s employer, a conservative Christian college in Cedarville, Ohio, was not amused and fired him from his job as adjunct professor of French.
In this case, though, the search area was so vast that the Coast Guard needed all the help it could get.
She is a psychiatrist, specializing in child and adolescent psychiatry, in Farmingdale.
PREDATORS 2, BLACKHAWKS 0 Pekka Rinne made 29 saves for his first shutout in more than a year to lead visiting Nashville past Chicago.
When I started constructing the top stacks for this puzzle, I though it would be fun to use a 15-letter word/phrase that is commonly seen at the very bottom of stacked puzzles: SATELLITE STATES, and placing it at 1-Across, at the very top.
Mr. Dong discovered seven nightclubs in San Francisco, as well as a lone outpost in New York, the China Doll, where patrons could indulge in pagoda punches and Tibet coolers “fit for a Buddha.” Owned and operated by Tom Ball, a white stage producer, China Doll played up the Asian angle in ways unseen in the San Francisco clubs, which were all Chinese owned.
He left thinking that the journalists, like him, would soon be freed.
The response to her rhetorical question: “Not throw the racket.” Jackson did not have a ticket to Ashe, where Federer would defeat Marcel Granollers of France, 4-6, 6-1, 6-1, 6-1, to reach the fourth round.
(“It’s still a dream of mine,” she said of playing Desiree.)
As reported in The New Yorker in its June 27, 1942, issue, around dawn, 18 marathoners “danced out of Roseland, boarded a van, and, gyrating all the way,” were taken to the Josephine and then sailed three miles to the sea and out of the code’s jurisdiction.
Over the years, the Whitney made various attempts to transform them into additional museum space, fielding designs by the star architects Michael Graves, Rem Koolhaas and Mr.
You can’t just take off — and then what?” She handed him flotation barbells and held him from behind.
“The drugs, the busyness, the heat.
“From 2006 to 2008, tribesmen were able to beat Al Qaeda with the cooperation of American forces and the support of the Iraqi government,” said Osama al-Nujaifi, the speaker of Parliament and perhaps the most important Sunni politician in Iraq.
Thunder may roll in the evening, and showers will almost certainly follow.
The masters of the “New Turkey” must curb their lust for power and control and help build an open society that rewards talent.
He clucked his tongue at a broken hallway gate on the third floor.
That’s how you move the company.” She added: “And leadership makes a difference in these things.
There were 9,510 such apprehensions in fiscal 2013, out of 420,789 apprehensions by the agency.
The North Carolina Utilities Commission on Wednesday released a copy of the subpoena ordering the board chairman, Edward S. Finley, to testify before a federal grand jury this month.
The extra-crispy duck fat fries that I ordered as a side dish proved to be a salty but palatable companion to the pork dish.
should be scrapped in favor of a nonpartisan and independent board capable of decisive action, not the contrived deadlock that compounds the risk of big-money campaign corruption.
Maybe he wasn’t taking any of the medicines we had prescribed for him, but was too embarrassed to volunteer that information without prodding.
For example, if Uber were to take just half of the taxi market in the United States, it would generate more than $1 billion in revenue a year.
This is Wozniacki’s fifth Grand Slam semifinal; her lone win came the other time she faced an unseeded opponent, Yanina Wickmayer , at the 2009 U.S. Open.
METUCHEN Dragonfly Multicultural Arts Center, Old Franklin Schoolhouse “The Coarse Acting Show,” three one-act spoofs of classic plays.
“This is a shameful scene, now marked in our country’s history.” Mr. Erdogan, in a televised speech on Friday, vowed to pursue members of the so-called parallel structure, which he said had challenged his rule with a corruption inquiry last year, as well as at other times.
Compared with the 3 sedan, the GT has 2.8 inches more rear legroom, totaling more than the larger 5 Series sedan.
One need only look at the names of the accused brothers (Pappu Yadav, Awadhesh Yadav and Urvesh Yadav) and that of the head of the police station (Ram Vilas Yadav) for evidence that they belonged to the same caste.
So fate chose your research topic for you?
Marc Gasol answered with an inside layup, but Walker hit two more free throws with 10.7 seconds left to push the lead back to 3.
“It took me three days in the kitchen alone, pulling out the stove and fridge and scrubbing all surfaces with Clorox,” Ms. Boras said.
's developmental Symetra Tour’s Gateway Classic in Mesa, Ariz., and posted her career-best Symetra Tour finish last week with a tie for fifth in Decatur, Ill. “It’s good to come here to the Open after that finish,” added Woods.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS The entrance is level with the sidewalk.
But Eliceo, a ninth-grader, never made it home on Friday because he vanished before boarding the yellow bus that usually takes him there.
i’d close my drapes, my door, my mind, and leave the cigarette between my fingers to kill the sad, to break the glass in my lungs, to take me to the only paradise i had ever come to know.
By Thomas Mallon I keep photos around me while I write the way other authors keep music on in the background, as a kind of atmospheric stimulation.
McClain, more than most, understands just how fragile the N.F.L.
He set a very high bar.
NEW HAVEN The Treehouse Comedy Series, at Sports Haven Gilbert Gottfried.
As he bantered with the audience during the warm-up, playing the charming life of the party, Mr. Goldblum brought to mind Café Carlyle’s ultimate host, Bobby Short, who had the gift of making every performance there feel like an exclusive social event.
Since 2003, when Saddam Hussein was ousted, Mosul’s Christians, one of the oldest communities of its kind in the world, had seen their numbers dwindle from over 30,000 to just a few thousand, but once ISIS swept into the city in early June, there were reports that the remaining Christians had fled.
As the worst floods in a generation carved a $2.9 billion trail of devastation through the state, they washed out roads in Estes Park, swept homes off their foundations and wrecked the floors of Julie Pieper’s main-street restaurant, Mama Rose’s.
might be the last team announced.
Al Sharpton’s expanded profile, especially in race relations, misspelled, in some editions, the surname of a former governor of New York who attended a march led by Mr. Sharpton last week protesting the death of Eric Garner in police custody.
In a very telling flashback to her position in the street in Duluth, during pure whiteout conditions, Molly squints, in firing position with her gun out and both hands clasped around it.
AT&T then pledged to do the same.
Of course, there’s nothing wrong with thinking positively — unless you’re already spending the bonus before you have it.
A few days ago I got dumped.
Send me proof,’ ” Mr. Isaias said.
A misdemeanor conviction can lead to, among many other things, the revocation of a professional license; the suspension of a driver’s license; the inability to get insurance, a mortgage or other bank loans; the denial of access to public housing; and the loss of student financial aid.
A crew of seven has to thread the new pipe — coated steel at the intersections, plastic in between — through a maze of steam pipes, phone lines, TV cables, and sewer and water mains.
Mr. Gadkari, 56, who hails from Nagpur in Maharashtra, served as a public works minister in the B.J.P.-Shiv Sena state government in the late 1990s.
The health authorities in Guinea appealed to the robbers to surrender the samples, packed in a flask, which they had grabbed from a taxi passenger, a courier taking them to a laboratory.
During the breaks, a staff member asked trivia questions like “What is Boston College’s home field?” and made announcements, including one noting that the actor Burt Reynolds, a former Seminoles halfback, would ceremonially “plant the spear” before Saturday’s game.
Representatives of bigger banks might not be as welcome, though.
Bob taught me many things about the game, and now I’m working with Goran who brought me these small details that helped me to take this to another level.
• Power: Mostly intact, with some isolated failures around the region.
In that scene, too, the cynical bent of the libretto came through clearly as his disciples scurried in confusion, their stoicism battered by passion and fortune.
Yet Mr. Samson, 74, has emerged as a pivotal figure in efforts to contain the scandal around the throttling of access lanes at the George Washington Bridge as political punishment.
What we’ve made up for in efficiency, we’ve lost in potential, and that loss of potential — the feeling that boundaries exist on the artistic world — is immensely dissatisfying.
We can’t run from them.” Often the first game after a trip results in a letdown, but the Knicks were focused and energized.
The movie’s vapid moralizing owes more to Bret Easton Ellis than to F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Hibernators’ Pajama Pop-In (Saturday and Sunday) For some animal species, winter is just one long snooze.
Who would insist the Spurs couldn’t lay waste to James and his new band of Cavalier brothers should they meet up again next June?
Officials say it is unclear how the Chinese government tasks such missions, a quandary that has taken on more urgency after analysts were able to trace sophisticated cyberattacks against a disconcerting list of victims — drone and missile makers and nuclear technology developers among them — to three privately contracted groups of Chinese hackers.
Justin Chadwick directed, and Peter Morgan wrote this drama, based on the novel by Philippa Gregory, about women who were “more or less the Paris and Nicky Hilton of the Tudor court,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The Times.
While Indiana and Connecticut had so altered their laws, New York State’s law had not been modified at the time the article was published.
The United States’ economy is poised to accelerate after a dismal start to the year even though the job market won’t return to full employment until 2017, according to an International Monetary Fund report on Monday.
And in Brooklyn, Roger Clemens and his trainer turned accuser, Brian McNamee, will again be in federal court, in the spring, if their lawyers cannot reach a settlement in McNamee’s defamation suit.
We piled into Mr. Vigano de Narvaez’s 1951 lime green Studebaker — almost everyone here drives a 1940s- or ’50s-era car (when not traveling by horseback or bicycle).
“It’s like a freeway overpass with those concrete pillars,” he said, adding, “From below, you don’t get any sense of somebody being in the house.” The home does have an air of mystery.
officials have suggested that South Korean organizers move some of their events elsewhere, rather than building white-elephant venues that will have little use after the Games.
Basic equipment on the GLA250 4Matic test car did not include a compass, garage door opener, auto-dimming mirrors or dual-climate controls.
One woman could see that her husband’s leg had dropped off the bottom of the chair, and she went straightaway and put it back while she was talking to someone else.
He may be “the most complicated leader in Africa,” wrote the Times correspondent Jeffrey Gettleman.
Years from now, we might look at the derring-do shown by 24-year-old Russell Henley at the Honda Classic last week and 23-year-old Patrick Reed at the World Golf Championships event Sunday as the beginning of the brash brothers era on the PGA Tour.
Mr. Frühbeck made his United States debut in 1969, leading the Philadelphia Orchestra.
“If Erdogan is elected, Turkey will have a strong president without a formal presidential system,” Ibrahim Kalin, a top adviser to Mr. Erdogan, wrote in a newspaper column on Tuesday.
Nike gave the Broncos a considerable redesign.
It was a freezing cold night; the air was clean and clear.
That is, no distracting hardware, not a disk, wire or tube in sight.
But when, or whether, fine jewelry qualifies as art remains a topic of passionate debate.
In the sense that he fought to hold onto a certain open-endedness in his characters and in his worldview.
QNX, which is based in Ottawa and owned by BlackBerry, the smartphone maker, already has its software in BMW 6 and 7 Series cars, as well as in systems from suppliers like Delphi.
Hopefully, a better understanding of the transgenerational effects of stress will improve the prediction, diagnosis and treatment of human illnesses.
Yeah.” After 11 years as a teacher, Ms. Santamaria makes $41,000, considerably less than the city’s median income, which is $48,000, according to Zillow.
The complaint , filed in federal court in Minnesota, attacks the league for its handling of Peterson’s case and portrays Roger Goodell , the N.F.L.’s commissioner, as arbitrary and heavy-handed.
We need to support Iraqi forces and the moderate Syrian opposition, who are facing ISIS on the front lines.
I have a constitutional right not to tell you.
Greece is everlasting.” Hydra, as Miller wrote, “rises out of the sea like a huge loaf of petrified bread,” with a single track carved around its northern shoreline.
About 4.2 million people receive long-term services paid by Medicaid, representing only 6 percent of Medicaid beneficiaries, but about $136 billion, or one-third of all Medicaid spending.
That fear of uncertainty is shared by a number of executives, including the so-called weekly boarders, who fly into the Scottish capital for the workweek and return to homes elsewhere on weekends.
“With her courage and determination, Malala has shown what terrorists fear most: a girl with a book,” said Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations secretary general.
On one day, though, he recorded a most curious sight, which has not been published before.
Sept. 28, 29 and 30.
The idea is emerging as a possible way to end the standoff between the United States and Turkey, and American military planners are said to be looking at how to implement such a plan, which would require a no-fly zone and stepped up combat air patrols to take out Syrian air defense systems.
“That’s what labels like ours were built on,” Mr. Laing said.
With the vote, as well as with approval on Thursday from the Brazilian telecommunications regulator, the two companies are closer to forming the largest telecommunications company in Portuguese-speaking countries.
And the tone of it varies strangely.
So if you take the end of the credit boom and the slowing of potential growth together, we have something like a 7 percent of GDP anti-stimulus relative to the 2001-7 business cycle — a business cycle already characterized by low real rates and a close brush with the liquidity trap.
“He’s blind.” Police are looking into the possibility that this was not a random crime.
“It’s great,” said John Muto, 36, a disc jockey and music producer who bikes 40 to 50 miles a week.
My niece Leslie, the eldest of his nine grandchildren, caught wind of the conversation and piped up.
But I think when you combine his positions on economic issues with his views on foreign interventionism, and the surveillance state, you have a much better libertarian profile than I see in any other leading politician.” While his advocacy for reduced government spending and a constitutional amendment for a balanced budget are shared by most of his Republican colleagues, Mr. Paul has also pushed for more unorthodox measures, such as a bill to “audit” the Federal Reserve.
It cooks a lot faster, too.
A couple of years back, I responded to a very similar question about donating leftover wine from a cocktail party to some harmless “drunkards” on a local street corner.
Despite Russian claims, there has been little, if any, independent evidence of such a campaign against the Russian-speaking population in Crimea.
There are functional reasons for these aids to heavy breathing: Modern high-efficiency engines require more air for cooling, and designers are under pressure to improve aerodynamics for the sake of fuel economy.
These differences between the parties will affect the campaign.
April 25 at 9 p.m. $10.
Back then, President Bill Clinton’s approval rating was in the mid-60s.
Long-term investors, who in theory should act as a counterweight in such periods of panic by buying when others sell, are doing the opposite and heading for safer shores along with the rest of the market.
“We notice when Paul is behind the bar and when he’s not from the sales,” said Zeid Ammari, the chief operating officer of Creole Cuisine.
report, based on research from 2007 through 2011, shows declines in spending on housing costs, but whether the spending patterns will continue remains to be seen.
“The market is still in such a nascent stage,” Mr. McKee the analyst said.
The third suspect was detained after the police gave him a ride out of the fire zone.
If you want to know whether the bread you’re about to buy was sweetened with corn syrup, you can check the label.
SPORTS An article on Saturday about the men’s semifinals of the French Open tennis tournament misstated the number of times Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic have met in a Grand Slam final.
Discussing his music and his career through the prism of “High Hopes,” his recent album of previously unreleased songs, rerecordings and covers, he’s forthright, funny and lyrical.
SOUTH ORANGE South Orange Performing Arts Center Free Movies in the Park: “E.T.
I mapped a tentative itinerary that would bring us to each of two jumping-off points to the park, Puerto Jiménez to the southeast, and Drake Bay to the northwest, both of which have several excellent lodging options.
It is in nearly every car today, and in September, it is set to become mandatory.
(Ben Brantley) ‘The Bridges of Madison County’ As a questioning farmer’s wife who briefly discovers a love with all the answers, Kelli O’Hara brings a rich and varied topography to what might have been strictly flat corn country.
He was supposed to have the right of way.
“I’m really excited at the chance to be a Ranger for the rest of my career.” Despite the defeat, the Rangers are 17-7-1 over their last 25 games.
Scientists quickly learned that they could deactivate virtually any gene by synthesizing a snippet of double-stranded RNA with a matching sequence.
JARGON WATCH Each year, Advertising Week gives students of language a taste of the buzzwords and catchphrases that are in vogue among marketers.
(Isherwood) Long-Running Shows ‘Avenue Q’ R-rated puppets give lively life lessons (2:15).
At 11 a.m. (boarding is at 10:30), Pier 83, West 42nd Street and 12th Avenue, Clinton, 212-563-3200, workingharbor.org, circleline42.com; $40; $35 for 65+; $26 for ages 3 through 12; free for under 3.
It is a challenge he is tackling head-on.
Mississippi (7-1, 4-1 SEC) led for most of the game, mainly because the Tigers (7-2, 3-2) turned the ball over four times and missed a short field-goal attempt.
Sara Michelle Gillesby and Peter Anthony Sabatino were married Saturday at Devil’s Thumb Ranch in Tabernash, Colo.
Nobody here drafted those contracts.
You actually could just not get out of bed.
For example, it helps explain why so many conservatives see flag-burning as profoundly outrageous, while many liberals see it as, at worst, inadvisable.
The victory kept Denver a game up on San Diego in the division race.
On the 18th, he recovered from a poor tee shot to make par, finishing at 14-under 270 for his third European Tour victory.
For many others, prison has meant torture, even death.
Lorin studied it, along with a recording his father also bought him, and when he conducted a family ensemble in the work, his parents noted that he was adept at cues and balances.
has not required it or many other private equity firms to comply with broker-dealer requirements.
He finally finished his work around midnight.
The American dream may be battered at home but it is alive and well in this city that fell to the Communist North Vietnamese Army almost four decades ago, evident in the upscale Phu My Hung neighborhood where a house, a yard, a state-of-the-art barbecue, a jeep and a Domino’s Pizza at the corner fulfill the aspirations of a burgeoning upper middle class.
(Chinen) Dave Koz & Friends Summer Horns Tour (Thursday) Mr. Koz, the alto saxophonist, entrepreneur and smiling ambassador of smooth jazz, is still riding the momentum of “Summer Horns,” which earned a Grammy nomination and has spent more than a year on Billboard’s Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
The songs mesh long melodic lines with jittery inner voices, and they exploit not only the sustained harmonies Mr. Adebimpe and Mr. Malone can create, but also the bite and breaks in their voices.
He ran an entirely legitimate limousine business that had among its clients “The Cosby Show.” The parents of children he coached in Little League held parties to thank him for his devotion.
I don’t know what the Supreme Court will do.
I feel really strong and ready to start the season.” Maybe that will translate to success this season, eventually.
So, in 2008, she decided to develop a smaller, softer soccer ball for girls and women.
If in doubt, just grab a copy of Vogue, which recently had the Wimbledon quarterfinalist Eugenie Bouchard modeling in its “Steal of the Month” pages.
Signs warn of potential contamination by cancer-causing chemicals.
“It was about time a woman did it,” she said.
A sophisticated mastery of stage space.
You can bet, however, that the senator knows exactly to whom he owes an enormous favor.
If they can persuade Republicans in Congress to set aside partisanship and allow it to pass, they would begin to restore justice to a deeply damaged electoral process.
11 Davis Avenue, Garden City.
( Bloomberg ) ■ As President Obama intensifies his administration’s scrutiny of companies that move their headquarters overseas to avoid paying taxes in the United States, his critics are pointing out that Delphi Automotive, a parts supplier that received $1.7 billion in federal government bailout money, has been headquartered in England since 2009.But the Internal Revenue Service told the company in June that it would disregard its 2009 address change, forcing Delphi to pay United States taxes.
16 seed and a finalist here the last two years.
On the contrary, personalized compassion makes for effective giving.
Norfolk Chamber Music Festival, Routes 44 and 272.
She found out his favorite breakfast spot in Newport Beach, Calif., near where he lives, and arranged for him to receive a gift card to the restaurant.
Mr. Eisenberg plays Simon with cringing, stammering authenticity, and he also plays James Simon, a man who is Simon’s exact replica and his complete opposite.
He likened this campaign to the selective airstrikes that the United States has carried out for years against suspected terrorists in Yemen and Somalia, few of which have been made public.
“Wondrous Strange” is a lush, lively and mysterious habitat all its own.
The former prime minister was not present in court on Friday; he was in Cesano Boscone, about seven miles outside Milan, at a nursing home where he is serving a year of community service assisting Alzheimer’s patients one day a week, a sentence he received in a separate conviction for tax fraud.
In fact, the worst business trip I ever took was because of flying private.
“Many men told us we should go to the kitchen, not to the field,” she said.
Most of the attacks were claimed by Ahrar-ul-Hind, an apparent Taliban splinter group that first claimed responsibility for an attack on March 3 , a bombing at an Islamabad courthouse.
Also left off: “Inside Llewyn Davis,” though the guild has favored the Coen brothers before, honoring “True Grit” and “No Country for Old Men,” which won its top prize in 2007.
As a teacher of creative writing and English over the past 10 years, I’ve noticed a dwindling ability in college students to interact with texts in a critical way — finding specific passages to support an idea or argument, tracing a theme via language, or even performing a close reading of a line.
“People thought we’d never deliver things.
Early in his term, he antagonized Chancellor Angela Merkel by trying to head a group of Southern European countries favoring pro-growth policies.
In 1998, for instance, she and Maxine Kumin resigned as chancellors of the Academy of American Poets to protest the lack of women and minority group members in its leadership.
ROCKIES 6, NATIONALS 4 Jorge De La Rosa struck out a season-high 11 as he pitched efficiently into the eighth inning, and Colorado’s bullpen held off Washington’s late rally, helping Colorado snap a seven-game skid with a win at home.
It’s only a pity that construction was rushed; the courtyards, meagerly landscaped, look bleak and barren, the facade, too much of it an unbroken wall of concrete, is forbidding and needs to be made more welcoming.
THE LINEUP The mostly mainstream rock, pop and folk offerings take up seven stages and include Outkast, Foo Fighters, Jack Johnson, Imagine Dragons, Beck, Tune-Yards, Band of Horses, Weezer, Sleigh Bells and Arctic Monkeys.
But one type of nonvoter provides a silver lining in this otherwise gloomy state of affairs.
I write on an escritoire I found on Craigslist.
As they worked their way upright, they could have been mermaids trying to balance on fins, only to have invisible gusts of wind take them down.
Although governed by Norway, a country that prides itself on offering cradle-to-grave state support for its needy citizens, Svalbard, an archipelago of islands in the high Arctic, embraces a model that is closer to the vision of Ayn Rand than the Scandinavian norm of generous welfare protection.
“So I was stuck,” Ford said, “with a finished novel narrated by a character I didn’t have a name for.
Big data brokers, like Acxiom , have developed sophisticated tools that allow them to know almost as much about us as we know about ourselves; they then sell that data to all kinds of companies that want to learn everything from our habits to our health, from our sexual orientation to our finances.
The average rate was one in 68 children, up from one in 88 in 2008.
What few people knew was that James wanted to come home.
But state Republicans, some Democrats and the N.A.A.C.P.
This sort of forward-leaning interventionist garden-tending will be even more necessary in an age of assertive autocracies.
• JPMorgan Chase , the nation’s biggest bank, made a profit of $5.57 billion in the third quarter, it said today .
“For others, there’s great hardship,” she said.
[Laughter] COX We’re all gorgeous.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m. ArtsWestchester, 31 Mamaroneck Avenue.
Puzzlemaster Will Shortz looks remarkably fresh for someone who has spent so much time prepping for a contest of this size.
No prominent Democrats have made similar calls, nor have Arizona’s two Republican senators, John McCain and Jeff Flake, who said they would wait for the department’s inspector general to complete an investigation into the Phoenix center.
“That’s very positive.” But next week, “one side will lose,” he said.
The attack took place near Beni in North Kivu Province, where a mainly Ugandan rebel group has been blamed for killing more than 200 civilians since October.
“We had so many different locations to hit: co-conspirators’ homes, his house, his businesses,” Michael McGuinness, a now-retired detective who supervised the narcotics investigation, said of the raid in which Mr. Mickens was arrested.
Steve Tew, the chief executive of the New Zealand Rugby Union, said interest in becoming the 18th Super Rugby team had already come from the West Coast of the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong and Japan.
Its influence with Iran’s leaders has been enormous, in part because it has played a central role in building an Iranian sphere of influence with Shiite Muslims in Lebanon, Iraq and Syria.
That’s when our film became cinematic.” Mr. White and Mr. Cotner were enthralled with the prospect of a televised courtroom drama.
“I don’t think he knew what he wanted to do.” It was around that time that Mr. McCain’s father died.
Less motivated students surely would bemoan the loss of an unscheduled day off, one of meteorology’s great gifts to students.
Maybe any sense of staleness will be expunged by the prospect of a first female president, but she lacks an opportunity that many successful presidential candidates enjoyed: that period of the rollout when a more detailed biography emerges, a personality is defined and voters get a chance to swoon.
We don’t fully understand Washington or the nation he founded without remembering that during this period he was sometimes as annoyed by squatters on his Ohio Valley lands, and by his Virginia slaves, as he was by provincially minded legislators.
And the middle ground has shrunk, with 39 percent of Americans taking a roughly equal number of liberal and conservative positions, compared with 49 percent in 1994.
Both Mr. Reid and Mr. Sandoval supported a 2013 state law that forced the closure of the Reid Gardner coal boilers and made it easier for NV Energy to use ratepayer dollars to build new plants.
He drank and drank, and tumbled down on his blankets by and by; but luck didn’t run my way.
Ecclestone was the owner when Nelson Piquet of Brazil won the title in 1981 and 1983.
At the presidential residence a short distance from the capital, protesters carrying clubs and wearing masks were in control of the entryways Saturday morning and watched as thousands of citizens strolled through the grounds in wonder.
Recent winners include the “Saturday Night Live” cast member Michael Che and the “Last Comic Standing” finalist Joe Machi.
There’s a kind of campy comedy to the dialogue at Ben’s high school.
And on new recipes, which she hopes will lead to another job.
Consumers have little incentive to conserve.
Excluding the volatile categories of food, energy and retailer and wholesaler margins, however, the month-to-month increase in April was smaller.
So interest for the World Cup in Vietnam has to look beyond the local angle.
It was during her time with Staatstheater Nuremberg that she began performing at the Wagner festival in Bayreuth in mezzo parts including Fricka in “Das Rheingold” and Magdalena in “Die Meistersinger.” In a few years she had transitioned to Sieglinde and Eva, soprano roles.
Anthony Neil Wedgwood Benn was born in London on April 3, 1925, and had a conventional upper-class education at Westminster School and New College, Oxford.
The effort comes at a time when Dominicans are running for high office in New York and Rhode Island as well as taking prominent political roles elsewhere.
history to Los Angeles’s 18 in 2001, coincided with Taylor’s first start.
The same London, New York and Zurich dealer also sold three paintings of mask-like heads by the American sculptor Thomas Houseago, tagged at $220,000 each.
The work comprises a partially painted canvas and, in front of it, occasional improvisations by a ballerina and a violinist.
POMFRET CENTER Connecticut Audubon Society at Pomfret Saw-Whet Owl Banding, owl capturing.
The school, which announced last April that it would charge undergraduate students tuition for the first time, released figures on Friday that showed overall applications were down this year by just over 20 percent.
The first presidential library was built in 1939-40 by Franklin D. Roosevelt, next to his family home in Hyde Park, N.Y. (The library was Roosevelt’s idea; previous presidents had kept their papers private or donated them to the Library of Congress.)
“I think Billy is doing a great job,” said Jack Nicklaus, a six-time Masters champion who now holds Augusta National membership and has known every chairman going back to Roberts.
Manziel was not the first quarterback selected, or the first Texas A&M player selected, or the second Texas A&M player selected.
The Paramount Hotel is hosting a pop-up shop selling products from Martone Cycling Co., Lorenzo Martone’s design-driven bicycles beloved by the fashion set.
As an assistant in places like Louisville, Southern California, San Diego State and U.N.L.V., Menzies had thought it endearing when fans stormed the court after a victory.
It all starts when a Nevada kid, Tuck (Brian Bradley), goes on a final night of rambles with his buddies — a self-protective smart-mouth named Alex (Teo Halm) and Munch, a harmless oddball and Andy Richter ringer played by Reese Hartwig — before their neighborhood is razed for a superhighway project.
Show them parents who believe in love and model how to talk things out.”
“We’re going to wait on it,” Bennett said.
Los Angeles is thought to be one of his possible destinations, and the Lakers will be at Madison Square Garden on Sunday afternoon.
But then my eye wandered to a delicious, colored-pencil study on tracing paper by Wesselmann in the adjacent James Goodman booth that had a bargain-ish look.
The symphony’s event was one more sign that marijuana has begun slipping into the cultural mainstream here, five months after Colorado became the first state to allow recreational sales of the drug to adults 21 and older.
Among the works he wrote during his last years were four collections of shorter pieces for piano, composed in 1892 and 1893.
He envisioned traveling north up the East River from the 35th Street pier, passing under the Whitestone Bridge and around Execution Rocks to hug the shoreline of Long Island straight to Orient Point before making a rightward swing, into Sag Harbor.
The interior is open and airy, with massive windows overlooking downtown Boise from the great room and master bedroom.
The list of artists in her thrall include the writers Twain and Voltaire, the playwrights Schiller, Brecht, Shaw and Anouilh, the screenwriter Graham Greene and directors as diverse as Robert Bresson, Otto Preminger, Cecil B. DeMille and Luc Besson.
Mr. Dayal said that he had a hand double during some of the elaborate cooking scenes, that he had not read some of the cookbooks his character, Hassan, is given as a gift and that he probably should have brought along a chef who advised him on set.
Foreign Minister Mohamed Dayri of Libya’s internationally recognized government, speaking in Cairo, said the assault had been carried out by militias based in the western city of Misurata and loyal to a rival Islamist-backed government in Tripoli.
The Food and Drug Administration for the first time in two decades will propose major changes to nutrition labels on food packages, putting calorie counts in large type and adjusting portion sizes to reflect how much Americans actually eat.
If the program burnishes Qatar’s national brand, that is all to the good.
“I want it to be known that at the start of the program I insisted that the product be tested at 265 application current levels, not 2A,” Mr. Svoboda wrote, referring to a more stringent testing standard.
But he is unnerved by the turn of events.
But he is back on track this semester, has nudged his GPA up to 2.6, and hopes eventually to earn a bachelor’s degree in social work from nearby Coppin State University.
The Gefilteria (recently seen performing a “pickle residency” in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn) produces European peasant foods for the boutique Jewish marketplace.
Ultimately, in the very close showdown between these two phones, it’s the extras that put the Galaxy S5 over the top.
In the first confirmation that Department of Veterans Affairs administrators manipulated medical waiting lists at one and possibly more hospitals, the department’s inspector general reported on Wednesday that 1,700 patients at the veterans medical center in Phoenix were not placed on the official waiting list for doctors’ appointments and may never have received care.
It is a traumatic blow to the concerned family and friends in many countries who have spent days worried about their loved ones.
The terrarium of live baby alligators for sale suggested that New York’s urban legend might need an update.
If the summer solstice doesn’t signal the arrival of winter, surely it heralds the gradual lessening of light, and with that, often, an incremental decline in disposition.
A recent study by the University of Tartu revealed that, in a country of 1.3 million people, nearly half have at one point participated in Laulupidu.
According to a producer in Hollywood, people have been staying clear of email and opting for cellphones over the past two weeks as studios have been bolstering firewalls and email systems.
When United paid 25.6 million pounds, now about $40 million, to sign Rooney from Everton in 2004 while he was still a teenager, the manager Alex Ferguson realized that there was no taming the boy without losing the competitive edge.
BACK STORY Even in a down market like Tuesday’s, someone’s making money.
And when they are returned there, they try to walk out again.” The Uighurs are a mostly Muslim Turkic-speaking people who inhabit the western Chinese region of Xinjiang and are often resistant to rule by the Han, the dominant ethnicity in China.
It is Customer Growth Partners, not Consumer Growth Partners.
Katherine, the account’s administrator, bridled.
The writers’ conclusion fails to incorporate the large body of qualitative research — not to be dismissed as “anecdotal” — that paints a different picture.
In the second, I browsed a list of relatives’ names, a few whom I recognized, including that of my father, and one in particular that made me shudder: Francisco’s mistress-cum-second-wife.
He’ll have to move fast.
Calling themselves self-defense forces, the vigilantes have even forced Mexican officials to recognize and work with them, creating a fragile pact between the government and heavily armed fighters with uncertain loyalties.
“Another kindergarten hands out drugs to children behind their parents’ backs,” wrote The Beijing News.
Where are most of your affiliate offices?
“When this all started,” Mr. Kadyrov told reporters at the Kremlin, “I flew home, organized a special operation, killed the devils, held a meeting, gathered the staff needed to restore the damaged building, and made it back in time to listen to the address of our national leader.” He was seen during the speech checking his telephone intently.
Getting hired for a new assignment, with its potential for a multimillion-dollar fee for the firm, was a rare moment of drug-free euphoria — to be followed by the long downer of sleepless nights as I toiled to make the deal happen.
At one point, Jessica A. Roth, a professor at Benjamin N. Cardozo Law School, found herself standing beside three Southern District alumni who were sworn in with her by Mr. Comey on the same day in September 2002 when he was leading the office.
Here, a piece of description first upstages the action it’s supposed to enhance before dissolving into a fuzz of abstract nouns: “There was a tenderness in this scene, the sheer sorrow that stills anger into a river of serenity, into a clarity so cold its brittleness is more threatening, quivering before shattering into a rage that can obliterate.” Each additional clause weakens the impact of the sentence.
I texted John, who I’ve been friends with for a couple of years and said, ‘Hey, you mind if I come to Tampa and work out with you guys for a few days?’ “I look up to him in ways that he’s been established now.
International Business Times is the flagship title of IBT Media, which also recently acquired and relaunched Newsweek magazine.
Have you ever wished for a new literary form, impervious to the ins and outs of critical fashion and the latest manifesto?
I will put a tracer on nigger, report on its use, and assess the controversies to which it gives rise.
“There has to be a generation that will plant the seeds, and there will be those that will sit in the shade, and those that will eat the fruit,” he had said in an earlier interview, invoking a Talmudic tale that became a classic children’s book.
It’s the details of the soldiers’ often traumatic return to civilian life that really get under your skin.
Many others feel that way, too.
He first tried it April 14 and threw six and a third quality innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Their work is simultaneously upbeat and downbeat, animated by both puppyish enthusiasm and prickly negativity.
And the prospects for such a year were clouded, not only by Confederate resilience but by the recalcitrance of Lincoln’s opponents in the North.
“Everybody Freaks Out!” is by Red Tettemer O’Connell & Partners, an independent advertising agency based in Philadelphia, with illustrations by Eva Garces.
Daniel Sexton and Deverick Anderson, who are also professors within the infectious diseases division of Duke University Medical Center.
The blasphemy laws can serve just about anyone with a dark design — an angry relative, an envious colleague, a neighbor with his eye on your property.
So she followed her parents’ path, weighing chicken tenders on an assembly line.
“We were very excited by the decision today,” Mr. Huang said.
ALL OUR NAMES by Dinaw Mengestu (Alfred A. Knopf).
This spring, however, Mr. Bima, now 41, left the political machinations of the Indonesian capital and returned home to Bogor, a quaint West Java mountain city, to be sworn in as its new mayor.
Even as other economic indicators rebounded — the stock market, the housing market, corporate profits — job growth has been frustratingly slow.
Some were exceedingly expensive: $216 for a ticket to the “Barber of Seville” at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona.
Only his mother survived — bleeding from 18 wounds.
The payment relieves the panel owner of all the other costs of electricity — maintaining capacity for hours when the sun does not shine, and moving the electricity from the producer to the consumer, all wrapped into the retail rate that consumers traditionally paid, and that now the utility pays the panel owner.
Brian Roberts, a 14-year veteran who has played more than 10,000 innings at second base, was also involved in the triple play — his first, too — which helped the Yankees rout the Tampa Bay Rays, 10-2 , for their fifth consecutive victory.
officers had used “interrogation methods that had not been authorized, were abhorrent and rightly should be repudiated by all.” But the “overwhelming majority of officers involved in the program,” he said, carried out their responsibilities “faithfully and in accordance with the legal and policy guidance they were provided.” Some of the most shocking examples contained in the Senate Intelligence Committee report involved C.I.A.
Those odds strike me as more miserable than running a crossing route in the N.F.L.
They thaw and cook in the communal pot of simmering soup centered on the table burner.
Foer could have created the space by sacrificing the more windy pieces from the early decades, a few of which read like speeches from a Democratic National Convention.
A spokesman for Mr. Christie also declined, citing the governor’s remarks in a recent radio interview: “I hated when I was U.S. attorney when politicians would give opinions about what should be done or not done by a prosecutor while they were in the midst of doing their work, and I’m just not going to do that.” To further complicate matters, two of Mr. Fishman’s top prosecutors, including the head of his public-corruption unit, have recused themselves from the investigation because of ties to Mr. Christie, according to people familiar with the inquiry.
On the first pitch, catcher Carlos Ruiz stood up and motioned for an intentional walk.
(It is nearly always mothers for this kind of thing; seldom does the zeitgeist turn to questions like how a man’s consumption of over-the-counter pain relievers affects the quality of his sperm.)
The labor board later accused Cablevision of unlawfully timing those raises to sway the Bronx vote.
“They’re so visible that they get easily targeted.
Since 2009, the number of those arriving from other countries for help with suicide has increased steadily, to 172 in 2012.
Television networks and their online streaming equivalents are awash in new characters intended to appeal to preschoolers.
Mr. Obama’s comments came after a meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry, who had just finished three days of talks in Vienna with his Iranian counterpart.
(Young attendees vote for audience awards, as well as the grand prize feature and short.)
The initial budget for the campaign is estimated at $1 million.
“It just gives this other dimension,” he said.
If the United States increases the duties, that equilibrium could be disrupted with renewed pressure for discounting.
The owners hope that this next stage of the development will extend the Albany’s reach beyond professional athletes, industry leaders and pop stars, to New Yorkers more generally.
If the official results, which the general election commission must announce by July 22, confirm that Mr. Joko won, he will have completed an unlikely and meteoric rise to leader of the world’s fourth-most-populous nation.
Read all recent entries and our updated submissions guidelines .
They feature the band wandering across icy plateaus, rocky coasts, and deserts, often in locations that are difficult to pin down.
NFL Network is carrying 16 games in conjunction with CBS Sports; NBA TV has a 97-game schedule this season; and the ESPN-owned SEC Network shows hundreds of conference games.
And many major banks remain reluctant to lend outside the guidelines for what are called qualified mortgages, or QM loans, which are salable to government-controlled agencies like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Soon Ghana’s trip was officially over, with a 2-1 loss, a premature exit compared with its 2010 march to the quarterfinals.
In San Francisco, 2,400 cellphones were stolen last year, a 23 percent increase from 2012, according to the San Francisco police.
Then he ran the spade ten, but it lost to East’s jack, and the defenders cashed out, taking three spades and one club for down one.
He said opposition campaigners had received advice from firms that worked on Mr. Modi’s campaign, although they had not received any funds from foreign governments.
Tell me about how your training by your father influenced you.
Crossroads Theater, 7 Livingston Avenue.
He feels good, so we’ll see what we do.” Even if Tanaka (12-4, 2.51 earned run average) reports no pain, he will have to take a slow, measured route back, one that, even if each step goes perfectly, will not allow him to return to the majors until September.
Mr. Waldron will be taking over the co-head role from John S. Weinberg, a vice chairman of Goldman and a member of a dynasty at the firm that stretches back to the early 1900s, when Sidney Weinberg — his grandfather and, at the outset of his career, a janitor’s assistant — helped build the investment bank into one of Wall Street’s elite advisers by drawing in blue-chip clients like Ford Motor and Sears Roebuck.
Another worker was sentenced in February to a year of probation.
“The Two Gentlemen of Verona” (Aug. 10-Sept. 14) is the other outdoor production, and on the Globe’s indoor stages, audiences can catch Fiasco Theater Company’s “Into the Woods” (July 12-Aug. 10), the production that originated at the McCarter Theater last year; “Quartet” (July 25-Aug. 24), by Ron Harwood (“The Dresser”); and, through June 22, “Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike.” 619-234-5623, theoldglobe.org .
The biggest obstacles are concrete and technical.
Malaysian military operators took no action when their radar detected an unidentified aircraft traveling across the country, not even when it approached the island of Penang, one of Malaysia’s most populous urban areas.
Dialogue itself can be suborned, sometimes by death.
Many players can look at Wright and see what their future might hold.
Baltimore’s Delmon Young answers most questions with a deadpan expression that can make it difficult to tell whether he is pulling your leg.
Historically a first stop for new immigrants, the neighborhood became associated with the counterculture, art and the punk movement in the 1970s, and living there served as a sort of rite of passage for people of a certain age and inclination.
Jessica A. Roth , a former assistant United States attorney who teaches law at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law and has written about entrapment, said prosecutors are arguing that “these are real criminals who are engaged in this conduct on an ongoing basis, and that the agents are actually stopping future crimes by catching them in this controlled way.” The most recent sting operation occurred last month.
Pack, who added that his client, a 26-year-old construction worker who has been out of work because of a recent back injury, also has a daughter.
The studio had achieved the ultimate validation for its hard-fought creative rebirth: “Frozen,” its Nordic tale of two sisters and a wisecracking snowman, won two Oscars on Sunday, the same day the film crossed $1 billion at the global box office.
Experts say the numbers in the study look more alarming than they probably are.
The best way to increase his value, Pierce told him, is to learn every defensive position.
It was satisfying, said Alan Sugarman, a producer of that event, since, in 1935, Mr. Manning had been excluded from the hall because he was black.
After several seconds, Tabárez indicated that Pereira should return to the game.
22 Southern Methodist (2-2) bounced back from two losses on the road to beat visiting Eastern Washington (3-1).
The June jobs report — showing 288,000 new hires, the unemployment rate down to 6.1 percent and positive revisions to the April and May jobs numbers — gave the White House and congressional Democrats grounds for optimism.
Best of the rest: 2.
This season, only 2 percent of starters finished games.
This diverged from nearly all of ISIS’s varied output, which promotes its paramount goal: to secure and expand the Islamic state.
Total retail sales rose 0.7 percent in November, as holiday shopping began, and that came despite a sharp tumble in gasoline prices that reduced the dollar value of sales at gas stations by 0.8 percent.
Nov. 22 at 8 p.m. $59 to $129.
But his gasping sobs continued to reverberate through the quiet and shocked courtroom.
His pinpoint serve reached 131 miles per hour; Rosol successfully placed 65 percent of his first serves during the first two sets and won 88 percent of them.
Although the original store pioneered the notion for Italians of having a cornucopia of artisanal foods and beverages as well as gourmet restaurants under one roof, the advent of more elaborate venues in New York, and later Rome, expanded the idea from mega-market to an experience that critics have sometimes derided as an Italian foodie museum or theme park.
Pelham Art Center, 155 Fifth Avenue.
Pick: Cardinals Jaguars (3-12) at Texans (8-7) 1 p.m. Line: Texans by 9 ½ Houston can still make the playoffs if it wins this game and gets some help: The Browns need to beat the Ravens and the Chiefs need to beat the Chargers.
Everything has its own prices.” The official said the military had a variety of operational plans, including one for a full reoccupation of Gaza, which Israel seized in the 1967 war and withdrew settlers and soldiers from in 2005.
At 7:30 p.m., Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, 212-423-3575, worksandprocess.org; sold out.
A congenitally likable screen presence, Mr. Wahlberg handles the movie’s streaming words like the rapper he once was, and he sometimes cocks an eyebrow as if acknowledging the absurdity of it all.
The two had a daughter, Arianna Remy, then 4, who, the police said, was at home when her father stabbed her mother repeatedly with a knife.
Riffing on the style of Expressionist film and early Disney shorts, that “Flute,” like this “Vixen,” had human singers moving in a space defined by projections on flat screens.
“We have been broached by coffin licensees, but we’ve turned it down,” Ms. Weston-Parouse said.
We are on track to meet that goal, while creating jobs and growing the economy, with the help of a burgeoning clean energy sector.
paid millions of dollars to RSA, a major encryption firm, to incorporate a deliberately weakened algorithm into some of its products, giving the government a “back door” to read whatever it wanted.
Pfizer had committed to keep at least 20 percent of its research and development work force in Britain after a deal and to complete a research-and-development center being built by AstraZeneca in Cambridge, England.
In recent years, colluding with corrupt local authorities, a narco group called The Family of Michoacán (La Familia Michoacana) acquired great power and huge profits, mostly from making methamphetamine in labs hidden in the harsh mountains of the state.
How dangerous is Swedish snus?
Later, when someone orders a stripper to entertain Richard and his pals for landing their first investment, they each scamper away from the poor woman.
“I’m focusing on photographs they took at Angola,” Mr. Sirmans said, referring to the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola, La.
“So enjoooy!” With an audible sigh, Mr. Recchia climbed back into the car and instructed the driver to return to Brooklyn.
Now, Ms. Beslanova and her family live in Toronto, where she works as a nursing assistant.
(Wednesday through July 27 at various times.)
Here (I’ll be quoting at length) he’s discussing how advocates of communion might deal with the fact that the remarried, if their marriages aren’t annulled, are living in what the church considers a persistent state of public adultery, which they don’t intend to leave: The juridical gordian knot here is the necessary “firm resolve” not to commit the sin again.
The loans, from €25,000 to €1.5 million, are available to all entrepreneurs, regardless of nationality, who have a business based in Spain (except for those running real estate or financial ventures).
From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Jiha was a deputy state comptroller and the chief investment officer for the New York Common Retirement Fund.
He faces a count of felony murder.
He has made speeches inciting anti-Muslim sentiment among Hindu voters, including in Uttar Pradesh, the most populous state in India, despite an outbreak of sectarian violence there last September.
My daughter loves to learn, but to do it, she requires specialists trained to teach a child whose memory and cognition are affected by multiple daily seizures and loads of dulling medications.
PURCHASE Neuberger Museum of Art of Purchase College “When Modern Was Contemporary: The Roy R. Neuberger Collection.” Through Dec. 25.
School staff members were watching for any signs of bullying.
Ladders and narrow planks connect the various levels of the site that have been exposed.
Ms. Woodley traces her easy connection to darker emotions to her serious-minded upbringing.
“There are small successes in all of this that don’t make up for all the deaths,” said Tricia Bacon, a former State Department intelligence analyst, referring to intelligence and broader efforts to counter Lashkar.
For those reasons, it breeds special occasions, such as Justin Bieber appearing during Chance the Rapper’s set, Mary J. Blige during Disclosure’s, or Debbie Harry during Arcade Fire’s, all of which happened on Sunday; or old-band reunions, like Outkast or the Replacements; or new arrangements, such as what Beck did in a strong Sunday night performance with songs like “New Pollution” and “Gamma Ray.” But only rarely does a band philosophically reinvent itself for a tour, which is what the Swedish electronic group the Knife did on Friday.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
It feels developed apart from the current scene in clubs and music schools, looking outside and backward, as in the slow, curious “Wide Eyed” and the short solo-piano “Patriot Daze,” which present a new version of a ruminative, imposing, orderly chamber-jazz tradition that goes back to Duke Ellington.
To all this Mourinho has coupled the plea that this was never meant to be Chelsea’s year anyway, even during the many weeks when the club led the league and was progressing toward the later rounds of the Champions League.
And he left open the question of whether the United States would spy on those below the leader levels — their chiefs of staff and intelligence officers and their military commands, among others.
In more extreme cases, fiscal tightening has plunged countries such as Italy and Spain back into deep recession and aggravated financial crises.
In the phone interviews, only 30 percent described themselves that way, whereas in the online survey 43 percent acknowledged rare attendance.
The play opens on the first day of rehearsals for a new Broadway drama, “Chaos in Belleville,” that is written and directed by white artists.
“Dovima was marvelous,” the 90-year-old photographer recalls.
He is also trying to be a better father, this time to a relative’s son he and his wife are raising.
Mr. Frisell is a shy speaker, but the ticket read “Bill Frisell: Reflections on the Bristol Sessions.” We were there to hear his viewpoint in sound; it would have been valuable to hear something about the subject — anything, really — in words, too.
Some two dozen other matriculating students at Wellesley don’t identify as women.
“It took about 10 months to have it ready,” Edwards recalled.
(He also came up with the business name Vita Heaven so the home office wouldn’t know what employees were spending their money on.)
This was not a lecture but a discussion, and it ranged from the past to the present, and from America to the outside world, as Dr. Singh patiently led two dozen students eager to state their opinions.
The Mets had 18 against Atlanta on July 8.
Sometimes another person in a group might inadvertently give someone away.
My greatest inspiration is Dan Gottlieb, with whom I’ve been friends since we were 5.
But the Great Depression and the two World Wars set off the factories’ long, slow decline.
While this strategy may lure more recruits, it may also yield worse soldiers.
Whoever is the target, the program does make a clear stand for inquiry and open-mindedness.
I wasn’t about to die, after all.
I turned the head of the bed uphill, and now I don’t even need a pillow.” A Russian deputy prime minister, Dmitri Kozak, on Thursday rebutted some of the early criticism of Russia’s preparations for the Olympics.
This idea is shared by Albanians, Armenians, the Bengali people, Estonians, Hungarians, the Japanese, Mongolians and more.
The Nasdaq climbed 43.24 points, or 1 percent, to 4,198.99.
Now 66 years old, O’Rourke is well into what Dave Van Ronk might have called his “anecdotage.” So it’s appropriate that his most recent book is a gentle trip along well-worn lanes of baby boomer memory.
This time, Francis named 16 new cardinals, along with three other emeritus cardinals above the age of 80 (who are not eligible to vote in future conclaves to elect a pope).
Ms. Landrieu was able to overcome that problem in 2008 in part because of Mr. Obama’s presence on the ticket and the lift it gave to Democratic turnout, Mr. Stonecipher said.
The attorney general has issued interview requests to former employees of the district attorney’s office, said a former employee who has been called.
The clatter of horseshoes on blacktop is already part of the ambience outside Mercedes House.
The more than 100 walks stretch from the “real” Little Italy in the Bronx to Fresh Kills Park in Staten Island and cover an impressive array of areas and aspects of the city, taking in the possibilities for the Rockaways in Queens and Red Hook, Brooklyn, post-Hurricane Sandy; a two-part trip through the Roosevelts’ New York; the ever-changing enclave of Flushing, Queens; and the avant-garde artisanal scene in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Splitter hit the court in a failed attempt to keep the ball from going out of bounds, but it mattered little as the tone had been set for a long night for Aldridge and the Trail Blazers.
Of course, every season comes with a bevy of new art books attached to chefs.
Moreno is happiest in front of the pack, playing catch-me-if-you-can.
“White, white, full-on white,” he said.
issued a final rule a year ago that required all major automakers and motorcycle manufacturers to provide a VIN look-up tool, to place it prominently on their consumer websites and to update the information at least once a week.
But the government on Monday said it had struck a major blow against the smuggling of lucrative iron ore, an example of the way Mexican organized crime groups have expanded beyond drug trafficking into a diverse range of rackets.
The program highlighted the impressive gifts of the soprano Julia Bullock — a mesmerizing performer who combines an alluring voice with a natural theatricality.
Mack, 28, will receive $26 million guaranteed in the deal.
Remaining anonymous as he posted on Twitter under the handle @GSElevator was simply a “device,” John LeFevre said on Tuesday, that allowed him to paint a broader picture of life on Wall Street.
This, she said in an interview, is “reflected in some of the different policy choices,” adding that Scotland could learn still more from Nordic social democracies.
But that moralism, which put legs under his career as an author and a public figure, made Mr. Cosby a target.
“I’m going to have this big party,” she said.
Later, at the announcers’ booth, Medina struggled to find words.
• Marion Barry , the Washington mayor who went to prison on cocaine charges and then won back City Hall in the 1990s, died.
‘Sleepy Hollow’ (Saturday and Sunday) Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman are off and riding again in this musical from Be Bold!
The Fed believes that a slowdown is happening and a recession is likely.
The YouTube app — created by Microsoft — is barely worthy of the name.
“I can’t quite pinpoint exactly what it is I want to do,” Jessiman said.
And she is constantly explaining the way the state’s economic success depends on the university.
That’s one reason I predict that nominal median household income grew a bit faster than 2 percent last year.
How has such a force for good — bringing excellent if less internationally prominent orchestras to Carnegie Hall and fostering new repertory ideas while inspiring local communities — not found permanent grounding in New York?
Management has stopped renewing leases on a case-by-case basis.
Still, administration officials say they are actively reviewing the Yemenis’ status on a case-by-case basis.
On the Florida teamcast on TNT at 6 p.m. Eastern, Mark Wise, the Gators’ longtime radio analyst, will work with David Steele, the voice of the Orlando Magic who formerly hosted radio coverage of Florida basketball.
The tension between function and aesthetics also runs through the large, smart “Tools: Extending Our Reach,” installed by Cara McCarty and Matilda McQuaid in the new, white-box Barbara and Morton Mandel Design Gallery on the mansion’s third floor.
Including debt, the offer is valued at $61.3 billion.
But in February, LivingSocial took $110 million in new funding at a lower valuation, a so-called down round.
Colonel Helixon did not respond to requests for comment; a Fort Bragg spokeswoman has said he left the prosecution voluntarily, for “personal reasons.” Army officials at the Pentagon declined to comment, and both the witness and her military counsel said they were not allowed to discuss the case.
Local news, embodied in a desperate, cynical producer played by Rene Russo, may be a snake pit of tawdry, ratings-driven exploitation, but in the age of TMZ , in which everyone with a smartphone is a potential video journalist, there is something quaint about the film’s hyperventilating sense of scandal.
Commes des Garçons paired conical asymmetrical updos with spring-green lipstick, a look that recalled Björk on the cover of her 1997 electronic album “Homogenic” (if not Effie Trinket of “The Hunger Games”).
After I quit Facebook, statuses and posts tingled my fingertips, with nowhere to go.
Jaroslav Halak, the Islanders’ new starting goalie this season, made 34 saves, including 16 in the third period.
But obviously, mice are not people, so whether exercise can prevent or ameliorate macular degeneration in human eyes is “impossible to know, based on the data we have now,” said Machelle Pardue, a research career scientist at the Atlanta Veterans Administration Medical Center, who is the senior author of the study.
Last week, the city agreed to pay Mr. Walker’s widow $2.25 million to settle a wrongful-death claim.
More events and details: unitedwarveterans.org/uwvc-calendar.
“It’s a kinder term for divorce,” she said.
• Mayor de Blasio speaks at Internet Week New York , meets a Medal of Honor recipient from the Afghanistan war, and signs a bill requiring mold-resistant gypsum board in some buildings.
The Philharmonic has been searching for a new concertmaster — one of the great jobs in American classical music — to succeed Glenn Dicterow , who retired at the end of last season after spending 34 years as its concertmaster, or principal first violinist.
The attack prompted a sharp rebuke from President Hamid Karzai, who has long bristled at the deaths of Afghans in military operations led by foreign forces.
Brooke Borel, a science journalist, will fondly recall Take Our Daughters to Work Day — memorable when your dad does autopsies for a living.
I can understand why they were reacting that way.
I’ve been blending them with tomatillos and chiles into creamy salsas, and making surprising salads.
Even a small increase in digital advertising means new revenue for Facebook.
The Flats, overseen by the nonprofit Woodlawn Trustees, has been providing housing for “people of modest means” since it was constructed from 1902 to 1913 and is now home to about 1,750 people.
All week, Sherman and his teammates were asked how they could contain Philadelphia’s fast-paced offense.
The only reason for this one was because it was a memorial game for Hod Stuart.
You didn’t even need glue with these bad girls, they just stuck on in some miracle of German plastics engineering.
Jets Coach Rex Ryan presumably would love to be the coach of the New England Patriots.
It’s also the 15th anniversary of the crash of Egyptair Flight 990 off Massachusetts, en route to Cairo from Los Angeles, killing all 217 on board.
Eight months after the army removed Mr. Mubarak’s freely elected successor with a promise it was advancing democracy, the juxtaposition of court sessions raised new alarms that Egypt was instead turning back to its old authoritarian ways.
It was more of the same against the Bobcats, except this time Smith did not play at all.
exports are not about snapping your fingers and making them happen,” said Marvin E. Odum, president of the Shell Oil Company, which has partnered with Kinder Morgan in a proposed export terminal in Georgia that is awaiting regulatory approval.
The developers are David Sterling and Nora Lavori, who are business partners as well as residents of the building, a 1910 white-frosted red brick confection.
She has nowhere to go.
The i8 takes time to gather itself, with an atavistic vestige of turbo lag.
It’s a really important, big project.”
But we’re all a pretty close bunch.
M. Gallery, 350 Main Street.
The Danish study’s authors acknowledged that they were unable to control for risk factors for esophageal cancer like alcohol consumption, which can alter the findings significantly.
Citigroup is not the only major lender doing business with Oceanografía.
The one thing Ali wants than more anything is the latest Harry Potter book.
That said, however, the weight of evidence behind Dr. Blaser’s cautions about antibiotics is overwhelming.
MYSTIC Maritime Art Gallery, at Mystic Seaport The 35th Annual International Marine Art Exhibition and Sale.
Like all innovators, Beyoncé has pushed back boundaries, expanding our sense of what music should sound like.
What’s your all-time favorite fashion movie?
A spokeswoman for Rizzoli, Pam Sommers, promised that the store would relocate.
“If you live in fear,” he said, “you can’t get anything done in your life.” He called the building “an inspiration” and said it was “cool” to have a place there.
The picture, listed as “Paris Kathedrale,” was one of 250 artworks included in the “Salzburg collection” of Mr. Gurlitt, who died in May and left his entire estate to the museum.
suite before sitting with Kate Upton in the private box of Mr. Djokovic.
Frequent fliers like Shai Tertner, who runs an event production company, says it is no coincidence that when drinks are free, people are likely to drink more.
Cantor was not really a policy innovator – certainly not, as Ezra Klein rather strangely claimed last night, the “patron saint” of my fellow reform conservatives.
A macho aura pervades the novel.
The executive order that Mr. de Blasio promised to issue last month to expand the reach of the living wage has yet to materialize.
When Allergan made a presentation questioning the value of Valeant stock last month, it was Alvarez & Marsal and FTI Consulting – not Goldman – that performed the analysis.
“Can’t sweat the small stuff, not in this biz,” Ms. Morwin said, after retreating from a run-down rental property on a modest street lined with palm trees in Hollywood, where she was once again informed that the person on her list no longer lived there.
This is a totally military city, where almost all of its citizens are somehow connected with the Navy.
But on Tuesday night, the China Metallurgical Group Corporation said that four of its employees had died at the Formosa Plastics steel plant it was building in Ha Tinh Province, in central Vietnam.
Show at 11:30 a.m., 400 Fifth Avenue, at 36th Street, 212-695-4005, tinadevaron.com; $40 a person, including food; $20 for children under 3.
Some agreements, they noted, were more opaque than others.
Or have we reached a tipping point and become so self-aware — or perhaps so tired of fads — that we’re able to see how inaccurate our past logic really was?
Every punchline is, ‘And then you die!’ ” Dumas’s oil painting “The Kiss,” 2003, which merges death and sensuality.
“Seniors certainly bring a lot of life experience that we appreciate,” said Tim Crow, Home Depot’s executive vice president for human resources.
The crowd was announced at 14,925 for two fiercely played games, the kind we most relish at the time of year when the good kind of one-and-done — single elimination, sudden death — becomes the compelling calling card of the college game.
One board member, Kelly Schmidt, who is also the state treasurer, said she was troubled by locking the state into the purchase when details about its maintenance and staffing remained unknown.
But he has thrown just 1901/3 innings, and until Friday had been strong enough to pitch at least seven innings in each of his last 17 starts.
He will be joined by Chas Guldemond and Sage Kotsenburg.
In the Senate race there, the conservative-leaning nominee of the Alaskan Independence Party also withdrew this month as part of an effort to bolster Dan Sullivan, the Republican who is challenging the Democratic incumbent, Mark Begich.
Technically speaking, red maples are polygamodioecious — a mouthful that means that most red maples produce either male or female flowers; some produce both male and female flowers; and others produce flowers where both male and female parts are functional.
I look at my own experience.
In a statement, Ian Taylor, Vitol’s chief executive, said, “This is an exciting acquisition for us, a good company led by an experienced management team and underpinned by the value of the Shell brand.” Vitol is assembling a growing package of refining operations that it can supply through its trading business.
When I walked in, it was a culture where the folks there — many of them had been there for 30 years — felt like they were ignored, they weren’t part of a team.
He then laced an R.B.I.
“Having someone else call for things we’re calling for sounds like it would be great,” said Susan Weinstock, director for the Pew Safe Checking in the Electronic Age Project at the Pew Charitable Trusts in Washington.
NEW CANAAN Powerhouse Theater “Lend Me a Tenor,” comedy by Ken Ludwig.
“I guarantee you we will believe we have a mandate to reform health care.”
Posse is a recommendation app that helps people find commercial places near them that they might like to visit.
But in the years leading up to his death last year, Buss left the basketball operations in the hands of his son, Jim, and the business side to his daughter, Jeanie, who is also Jackson’s fiancée.
The hearing followed almost immediately.
Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates made headlines this week for his revealing memoir , particularly his insights into the Obama administration’s foreign policy in the Middle East.
As Moskowitz perceives it, she remains in a state of siege, and at times she seems to believe she’s almost powerless.
All it did was sell to a newly funded entity.” He added: “The ability to impose successor liability on the new G.M.
If not, as a friend of a friend found out when attempting to fly to Germany, you could arrive at the airport only to be told you can’t board the plane.
I stay calm through it all.
It’s your life, you have to decide.'
It’s definitely in line with the type of product that formerly only a designer guy might have bought.” Over the course of 17 years at Brioni, whose storied past stretches back to 1945, Mr. Pesci has seen this shift in the landscape firsthand.
He liked the Miami Heat and Call of Duty.
The reading was followed by responses and objections from 41 bishops in the synod hall, a portent of disputes to come.
“What do you think happens in the huddle?” I tried.
It was a big, old house built of brick, with large windows and several porches — light, spacious and airy — the sort of house that in Boston or New York, you’d have to be rich to buy.
Critics have called into question the military’s ability to investigate itself.
Still, there is little evidence so far of a groundswell of support for online poker in New York.
Howell, 19, has quickly emerged as one of the world’s best in the sport, in which athletes ski down a slope tricked out with rails and ramps and then soar into the sky like spinning tops on skis.
The plan worked: Samsung quickly became the world’s largest smartphone company, outselling even Apple.
His many milestones and career highlights are compiled here with related video, and articles and photos from the Times archive.
President Obama signed the health care law in March 2010.
Yabroud has essentially governed itself, with some local Christians remaining, even as the war turned sectarian elsewhere.
She also mentioned that she had consulted a mental health professional, who told her that reading about their own depression could trigger a recurrence in some of the students and that those who committed to telling their stories might regret it later.
“We are currently in a transition period between memory and history,” he said.
Joshua Tubbleville, 33, was shot and killed as he drove a Mercedes through the Uptown neighborhood of Dallas Friday morning.
The heat was on full blast in the Mayflower; you couldn’t open the windows and you couldn’t shut off the heat.
One of them remained hospitalized Friday in serious condition after hours of surgery.
Flora becomes something of a Zelig, which I felt grateful for, if only because the day-to-day life of a sanitation worker wouldn’t grant access to some of the more glorious rooms in the hive.
He has stepped up his attacks in recent days, even as Syriza’s leader, Alexis Tsipras, has continued to challenge the terms of the financial bailout that saved Greece from bankruptcy but inflicted punishing austerity.
“If I wear Arabic dress and let my beard grow, the West will hate me and Nusra will love me, and vice versa.
It sounds more complicated than it is.
He offered audiences a distinctive greeting before performances.
In Washington, lawmakers have started examining what legislation could be drafted to stop these so-called inversions, the deals through which United States companies acquire an overseas competitor and reincorporate abroad.
Don’t let anybody tell you this isn’t true, because you have the opportunity that your ancestors never dreamed of: to be more popular than cat videos.
Advance preparation: Bread will keep wrapped in a kitchen towel for a couple of days.
I wouldn’t mind recommending it for Congress.
He will report to Mr. de la Renta and Mr. Bolen.
In writing his book, 5-year-old Gary is sending a message to his grandmother: “ Please love me .
But there is a whole subculture out there to service such needs.
(He does, however, solve the riddle of a fox, a rabbit and a cabbage while sitting in the back seat of Budge and Pepper’s car, much to the chagrin of Pepper, who wanted all to be eaten like a turducken in the last episode.)
The coordinator apologized and explained that all the names on her paperwork from Wellesley were female.
If the U.S. doesn’t give a hoot, we’re not going to be there.” As he said later, “I see Kony because Congress tells me to.” Twelve days later and 4,500 miles away, in the bee-infested jungle of the Central African Republic, a team of four Green Berets and 22 Ugandan soldiers boarded CV-22 Ospreys, a kind of half-helicopter, half-airplane.
Quarterly operating profit fell nearly 7 percent to $3.53 billion, or $2,149 a share, from $3.78 billion, or $2,302 a share.
In “Here,” we get to witness a couple of happy geezers, in 2050, playing a futuristic game.
The team collects 20 to 30 milliliters of saliva — about two full bottles of nail polish worth — twice a week from employees who work in the building.
Enraged crowds of local whites massed in the park, chasing down and beating random black men.
The new crest first appeared on the Elmiraj concept car introduced last summer at the Pebble Beach concours in California.
“I would do it again, yes, because I could study up there, up north, and then work,” he said, referring to his attempt to reach the United States.
Ms. Royster said the vehicle itself may have been where Mr. Stark died and locating it was a prime goal for investigators.
The Cowboys have had just one postseason win since Witten arrived — a stretch that actually goes back to 1997.
Now that it was light, he gave himself a new assignment: find a buoy.
Oregon’s star quarterback lingered on the field late Thursday night after his team’s 31-24 loss to Arizona, shaking hands with the Wildcats after they upset the heavily favored Ducks for the second consecutive season.
To critics on the left and the right, however, the numbers were almost beside the point.
And in Tunisia, videos of the police opening fire on young protesters — who had turned out in the streets after a fruit vendor burned himself to death (in December 2010) in response to being humiliated by government officials — received thousands of views and fueled the spread of demonstrations across the country.
City boosters aggressively campaigned for the convention to rewrite the script of Cleveland as a Rust Belt has-been once derided as “the mistake by the lake.” Since then, there has been a redevelopment of the downtown, including an influx of residents living in former office towers and a thriving strip of restaurants on East Fourth Street.
Followers of Mr. Graham say that his first priority remains running Graham Holdings.
More broadly, the administration is expected to hold the line firmly on regulations that it says are crucial for the Dodd-Frank overhaul to do its job.
“But in the last 10 years it has become a very vibrant city for food — and food from all over the world.” Mr. Muñoz is quick to trumpet the work of other ambitious local chefs; he claims the Spanish capital has Europe’s best restaurants for modern Thai ( Sudestada ) and Mexican ( Punto MX ).
In some ways, the corporate meritocrat has become a new class of aristocrat.
Early Wednesday, hundreds of protesters retaliated by blocking a road in front of the chief executive’s office.
The impact will vary by state, but a study by the Urban Institute , a nonpartisan research organization, estimates that doctors who have been receiving the enhanced payments will see their fees for primary care cut by 43 percent , on average.
In a recent poll by the Institute for Social Research and Political Analysis, in the eastern city of Donetsk, only 15 percent of respondents supported the proposition that Donetsk should stay in a restructured Ukraine made up of federal districts.
“They’d like to use lending on a tactical basis going after investment banking fees,” Mr. Hintz said.
During cabinet deliberations over Israel’s response to the three murders, Mr. Netanyahu was a voice for restraint amid a barrage of bombastic vows of retribution by officials like the deputy defense minister, Danny Danon, and the economy minister, Naftali Bennett.
But ultimately empathy must transcend economic class.
His parents, both internists, were on the hospital staff at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital in Bangladesh until 2000.
“People will decide what kind of things they want to hold,” said Chris Larsen, the co-founder and chief executive of Ripple Labs, a company that is associated with the Ripple currency.
A series of senior Chinese officials have said that they saw no need for further stimulus beyond recently announced measures like accelerating railroad construction and redeveloping shantytowns at the edges of big cities.
A fiery speaker, in 2004 she led half a million people in the streets during the Orange Revolution, warming the crowd, flirting with it, energizing it and winning, only to be double-crossed, as her supporters see it, by Viktor Yushchenko, the man she helped install as president.
For instance, Boomer Esiason, an analyst on “NFL on CBS,” is to appear in an episode of “Blue Bloods,” he said, and another “NFL on CBS” analyst, Phil Simms, will get a guest spot on “Elementary.” Viewers of CBS’s daytime lineup will find “Thursday Night Football” promoted during “The Talk” as well as during the game shows “Let’s Make a Deal” and “The Price Is Right.” And rather than tap an actor from a CBS entertainment program to host the 2014-15 edition of the network’s annual fall preview show, Mr. Schweitzer said, the host will be Jim Nantz, who will handle the play-by-play duties during “Thursday Night Football”; the preview show is to be broadcast at 8:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on Sept. 1.
Both the Iranian-backed Islamic Jihad and Hamas, the militant Palestinian faction that controls the Gaza Strip, oppose the framework.
The retailer said that she would be replaced by Bob DeRodes, who has held senior technology positions at companies including Home Depot and Delta Air Lines.
Callicoon Fine Arts 49 Delancey Street, between Forsyth and Eldridge Streets, and 124 Forsyth Street, between Delancey and Broome Streets, Lower East Side Through May 23 The Lebanese-American writer and painter Etel Adnan , 89, commands a small but prominent corner of the current Whitney Biennial, her landscapes and accordion-fold books amounting to an oasis of painterly concentration on a floor of the museum given to diffuse mixed-media experiments.
That’s how I’m feeling these days, anyway, maybe it will pass.” It will pass.
The tally will include all models in the Dodge lineup, the automaker said.
M. J. Akbar, a spokesman for Mr. Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party, dismissed those worries, saying Mr. Modi’s early moves aimed at “setting the rules for his own government” and putting an end to a bureaucratic culture so loose that officials “used to tweet and send SMS’s in the middle of a cabinet meeting.” The prime minister, Mr. Akbar said, “is just a tough guy.
(I think both types of genealogy have their place.)
Will it ever happen again?
And because juvenile records are not made public, defendants are not named, shielding them from much of the publicity that could be expected to surround such a prominent case if they were tried as adults.
biography, Mr. Jenkins was born in Los Angeles and raised in Tennessee, received a bachelor’s degree from Howard University, a master’s in journalism from the University of Maryland and a law degree from Wayne State University in Detroit.
“I stand by what I have said from the beginning," his lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said in a statement issued by his office this week.
The agency often takes the advice of its expert panels, though it does not have to.
The Senate contests were last fought in 2008, a presidential year, and here the plummet was startling.
Does every amezaiku artist make the same figures, or is each person’s work unique?
Christine Lagarde, another former French finance minister and the current managing director of the I.M.F., is interviewed for a much shorter time.
It is unclear how the agency responded.
Was this a digital hiccup, or a final reminder by Amazon of its power?
Bethel Woods Center for the Arts, 200 Hurd Road.
But these come with their own set of issues — and not just because you can’t hear people calling your name.
“I feel like football won’t be the same here in Sayreville,” he said.
Three coolers were removed and placed into the back of a Toyota Prius.
For the most competitive coaches, though, there is nothing better than having an undisputed champion.
(Isherwood) ‘The Real Americans’ Fueled by a hefty dose of liberal guilt and propelled by an earnest desire to better understand his fellow citizens, the playwright-performer Dan Hoyle leaves the comfort of his native San Francisco to travel through small towns and rural areas of the United States.
Considered in the grand duke’s favor, however, was his magisterial height of 6 feet 6 inches, with “boots as tall as a horse’s belly.” The railway cars that housed his headquarters were built for ordinary mortals, and pieces of white paper were pasted over all doors to remind Nikolai to duck.
The groom, 35, is the managing entertainment editor in Manhattan for The Huffington Post.
Third were Paolo Biale and Guido Muti, from Italy (72.53 percent).
It is not for business people to make these kinds of cultural statements!’ and so on.” “At some point, though, France will adapt to it,” he continued.
Although they look like calligraphy, the characters are actually English words, uniting two cultures, Ms. Albert said.
In 1975, when New York City was threatened with bankruptcy, he took to the hustings to explain why the city’s bonds should not be allowed to fail, forecasting “higher property taxes, more slums, fewer jobs and higher rents.” Mr. Lebenthal was repeatedly the industry’s point man in its media campaigns to preserve the tax-free status of municipal bonds.
There’s a big story today about life on Mars.
The run-in has been overshadowed by a clash between Chinese and Vietnamese ships 120 nautical miles off the coast of Vietnam, where China has been setting up an oil rig in waters claimed by both nations.
I’m not sure what bon mot Lady Bracknell might have delivered in Ms. Lansbury’s direction, but I have a feeling that for once even this greatest of quipsters would have been silenced.
They found further red flags in terms of biased patient treatment.
Wednesday’s decision to withdraw the film brought public silence from the Motion Picture Association of America and its chief executive, Christopher J. Dodd, who had remained quiet through a three-week media onslaught on Sony.
One might wish there were more of a balance between compassion and aggression in “Mr.
Benson bought a local Fox television affiliate, rebranded the Hornets as the Pelicans, and moved the team into a new practice facility shared with the Saints.
Senator Mark Udall, Democrat of Colorado, and Democratic outside groups there have been laserlike in their effort to paint his opponent, Representative Cory Gardner, as “too extreme” on women’s issues like reproductive rights.
He graduated from Hobart and William Smith Colleges.
In addition, this show is brilliantly paired with one devoted to the formidable folk painter and well-known New Yorker, Ralph Fasanella (1914-97), that focuses on what might be called his history paintings.
“I knew it was a ball.
I sat down opposite of you and watched you read your book.
They stop time, ring time, contain time, split its measure into infinitesimally calibrated segments.
“I don’t know if that was in their playbook, but it worked,” Bochy said.
“In an era of secular stagnation, when equilibrium interest rates are low, there will be more financial stability problems,” Mr. Summers told me.
March 30 at 4 p.m. $25 to $75.
“I also expect Hyundai to build a new plant in the United States, as it is physically impossible to further expand production due to capacity constraints.” Chung Mong-koo, chairman of the Hyundai group, is scheduled to sign a preliminary deal Thursday with the government of Chongqing, the company said.
Mrs. DeFrank, 43, works in Manhattan as the vice president for operations at Artist Group International, a booking agency for musicians.
The teams meet for a critical Group A game here Monday afternoon.
(AP) GIANTS 10, NATIONALS 3 Rookie Joe Panik hit his first major league home run in San Francisco’s romp over host Washington, ending a 10-game, team record-tying winning streak for the Nationals.
That was not always the case; some big law firms once scoffed at criminal defense work as too messy for their white-shoe sensibilities.
“But now at least we have a bathroom that is all Ming green,” Mr. Janssen said.
Other hard-line Shiite groups, such as the February 14th Youth Coalition (named for the day in 2011 when protests erupted in Bahrain), have declared a boycott of such talks and condemned Wefaq’s participation, causing major rifts among the already fragmented opposition.
Ever since the beard made a roaring comeback in the late aughts, style watchers have been waiting for the mustache to return.
He then flung himself to the ground as if yanked back by a puppeteer’s string, throwing his arms into the air and screaming hysterically.
Berlin was unfinished, like this generation, which pioneered ad hoc, improvisatory, piecemeal development.
It is 2014, and to America the war in Afghanistan is over.
Let’s be honest: Celebrities don’t usually write great memoirs.
The failure to plan for Iraq’s future after Saddam Hussein was ousted was a terrible error, but again the notion that Mr. Blair is responsible for the rise of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) reflects a lazy approach to culpability.
In Memphis, black women face more than double the risk, according to the research, published on Tuesday in Cancer Epidemiology.
But polls show that most Germans favor reducing emissions.
Louisiana Democrats painted Representative Bill Cassidy, who is seeking the seat of Senator Mary L. Landrieu, as an opponent of the elderly who is ready to award tax breaks to billionaires at the expense of a struggling middle class.
South Sudan is in many ways an American creation, carved out of war-torn Sudan in a referendum largely orchestrated by the United States, its fragile institutions nurtured with billions of dollars in American aid.
ATHLETICS 4, MARINERS 0 Sam Fuld and Brandon Moss hit solo home runs, Jon Lester combined with three relievers on a seven-hitter and visiting Oakland beat Seattle to win a second consecutive game for the first time in three weeks.
Only Apple and Samsung have found making phones consistently profitable.
But the country has invested heavily in primary care and public health measures.
Le Jeune interrupted himself to nod at the television when a commercial advising viewers to vote against the amendment came on.
Earlier this month, North Korea even circulated a draft measure of its own, calling on the United Nations to conduct an “unbiased reassessment” of its human rights record; it regards Mr. Kirby’s commission of inquiry as a Western plot.
In an era when state-­sanctioned violence was rampant and paranoia reigned, the story of how one woman grappled with her conscience offers insight into how circumstance can shape morality.
“We don’t want there to be a big difference between the richest and poorest, because poor people would just get really poor,” Mr. Drescher added.
“We’re arriving at a stage where people are getting tired of technological machines, because I think they are invasive,” said Philippe Léopold-Metzger, chief executive of Piaget.
I’ve written both kinds of articles, but this one was on the far end of conceptual.
And while they were careful not to discuss with her what happened, let alone ask why, they said that her actions were highly uncharacteristic for someone who had always been a loyal soldier, but never a rule-breaker.
Exploring the ancient city is easier than ever, with the help of apps.
For the piece, an exploration of consciousness related to family, she spent 12 hours in a room crushing charcoal briquettes to the point of collapse.
Nothing of serious moment takes place during the weekend.
Osmo Vanska is suddenly a man in a hurry.
An 18-year-old man was wounded in a separate shooting around the same time.
■ Pulpo Media, Berkeley, Calif., was acquired by the Entravision Communications Corporation, Santa Monica, Calif., for about $15 million and up to $3 million in potential future earn-out payments.
But the 76ers finally gave their fans something to cheer about, and the team’s version of March madness is over.
Ireland, which has just exited its bailout program, led all European Union nations with an 11.7 percent gain in November, bouncing back from a 6.3 percent decline in the previous month.
Many residents commute by car to Manhattan, which is about 45 miles away, using Interstate 95 or Route 130.
Will Stacks, our Daddy Warbucks character, needed to be on top of the world.
If you are connecting the tablet to a Windows computer, you do not need any extra software to copy your media files to the PC.
As one of nine doctors, he shared a plate of rice with four people each day.
You must see a lot of it in Seattle.
The millionaire, a recycling tycoon named Chen Guangbiao, wanted to set an example of generosity in the world’s financial capital.
The rules take effect April 1 and require that the most common abortion-inducing drug be administered only at the dosage approved by the Food and Drug Administration no later than seven weeks into pregnancy, and that both doses be taken at the clinic.
When I made my first sculpture in 1985, it was about applying a design to a surface.
For firms focused on client relationships, that’s been an advantage.” In addition to advising on many of the smaller deals that make up the so-called middle market, boutiques and independents continued to break into the upper echelons of M.&A.
But when “Burt’s Buzz” actually addresses the split between Mr. Shavitz and Ms. Quimby in a maddeningly vague stretch, it’s clear that the story and Mr. Shavitz’s feelings are not so simple.
Balance — that’s what Italy is for.
To determine whether such testimony might be useful, Mr. Abu Ghaith’s lawyers sent hundreds of questions to Mr. Mohammed, who is also at Guantánamo Bay.
“If someone is uncomfortable, we are providing loaners.
It began with a People magazine cover story that hit newsstands this week, and Mrs. Clinton’s interview with Diane Sawyer of ABC News will be broadcast on Monday night.
The 60-year-old mainstay was leveled to make way for Ristegio’s.
Mahdeya is only one of several North Sinai villages where dozens of homes have been destroyed by air raids or artillery.
Then the contract would have failed for sure.
A year earlier, Otis Chandler had succeeded his father, Norman, as publisher, and he made clear that the paper would be more independent and ambitious journalistically and more diverse as a business.
Common Ground Coffeehouse, at First Unitarian Society of Westchester, 25 Old Jackson Avenue.
“I had a good/bad week,” she said.
Jonathan Martin, its president and chief executive, said that having a larger complement helped the orchestra to play late Romantic and contemporary repertoire, fostered artistic cohesion, helped attract talent and simply made it sound better in its hall.
A soulful romance, an existential action flick and something of a miracle movie — the appealing slow-burner “Salvo” hovers at the crossroads of genre.
“We’re all realizing how important public health is as we become more global and diseases are shared across boundaries,” she said.
Female empowerment and stand-by-your-man martyrdom.
“Every two seconds, a plane takes off or lands with a G.E.-Safran engine.” At the government’s request, G.E.
It has opened a window on a dangerous confusion among the four leading power centers of the globe about what constitutes strategic power in 2014.
Common themes included family and life obstacles.
In a show of force on Wednesday by the Ukrainian government, the acting president, Oleksandr V. Turchynov, made a sudden visit to a military-controlled area at the scene of the fighting in Slovyansk.
(And that’s assuming an N.F.L.
At 18 she was offered a job with Billy Rose’s Aquacade, but her father, deeming a swimsuit-clad entertainment extravaganza no fit calling for a young lady, forbade it.
“Not I,” a tale told by a disembodied mouth, moves with the warp speed of a mind trying both to catch and to outdistance memory.
The boys inherited the leases on the river, and by law they had to grow oysters there or give them up.
Bier International, a beer garden with a brilliantly curated range of brews, and the speakeasy 67 Orange have become popular nightspots.
And it’s wool but very lightweight, more like linen.
Ramzi was Moataz’s brother, Issam, a neighborhood leader who stayed close to home.
Allen’s least plausible assertion is her claim about the “group writing” that went into the composition of the Declaration.
Banks will then have two weeks to present a plan for raising capital or taking other corrective measures.
Drain and rinse with cold water.
The park’s programs and shows now include a 23-minute 3-D movie, “Dinosaurs Alive!,” about dinosaur hunting in Mongolia and New Mexico.
Neither team has lost in the tournament.
European shares closed up, and Asian markets finished mixed.
WEEKEND A report in the Inside Art column on Friday about the installation of the Jeff Koons work “Split-Rocker” at Rockefeller Plaza, using information from the Koons studio, misstated the height of the work.
Billy Campbell and Hiroyuki Sanada lead the cast.
And when he did, it became evident that he had no idea where the girls were or what to do to save them.
Like these songs, this amateur-theatricals choreography can find strength in simplicity, as it did in the staging of Seeger’s “Where Have All the Flowers Gone,” which doggedly matched the lyrics, verse by verse.
As we reported last week, the dollar’s rise has been steepest against currencies in places where the domestic economic outlook is the worst, particularly Europe but also Brazil, Japan and possibly China.
A man was shot in the arm during an altercation between two groups of men in the parking lot of a Temple Hills, Md.
A multiple of around 10 would give it an enterprise value of $7.3 billion.
Fists fly with all the fury an action fan could want.
And it is unclear how effectively the government can pressure companies to disentangle their shareholdings.
“People ask what the biggest difference is since before I became chancellor,” she said.
As an audience, we invest a lot of time in characters and plot.
For Seleste Wisniewski, a mother of four in Ohio, President Obama’s decision to delay executive action on immigration until after the midterm elections in November was an especially disappointing blow.
“Politics is more nationalized now,” said John Breaux, a former senator and among the last of the Cajun Democrats who could routinely win statewide.
basketball player who filed the suit in 2009 after seeing himself in a video game, conceded that the cap could be seen as a victory for the N.C.A.A.
For instance, Evian, sold by Danone, drew a lot of attention last week when it released a video to promote a partnership with “The Amazing Spider-Man 2,” which Sony Pictures is to release in the United States on May 2.
Since then he has won re-election easily and has been widely perceived as a popular public figure.
It grew into an eight-store chain.
Mr. Link used the Chinese characters for “admit guilt” in the email, adding: He might, though, play language games.
In the last nine terms, the court’s current Republican appointees hired clerks who had first served for appeals court judges appointed by Republicans at least 83 percent of the time.
“Evidence suggests that hospitals and other providers may be able to achieve significant productivity gains or to restrain the growth of their costs in some other way,” the C.B.O.
And “Vagabond$,” Saturday at noon and Wednesday at 2 p.m., is about a twosome with a language barrier but a mutual embrace of showbiz.
STEVE PORTNOY Austin, Tex., March 19, 2014 To the Editor: Re “ The Unlikely Road to War ,” by Roger Cohen (column, March 18): It has been a hundred years since the beginning of World War I, and we live in a far more stable and secure world than our predecessors in 1914.
Like the votaries of the Russian Idea, many Japanese thinkers became as frantic about defining Japaneseness vis-à-vis the West as with championing strict state control of domestic society.
These recent data releases from the department paint an upbeat picture of the act’s progress so far.
Greek officials contend that it is in the troika’s interest to hold off on additional austerity.
Joseph was wounded after an exhibition game Friday night when a man opened fire at a nightclub.
April 22 at 3 and 7:30 p.m. $39 to $59.
When Antonis Kantas, a deputy in the Defense Ministry here, spoke up against the purchase of expensive German-made tanks in 2001, a representative of the tank’s manufacturer stopped by his office to leave a satchel on his sofa.
But on a recent weekday morning, he opened up in a brief conversation.
“I know many of you want a tour,” he said smiling, as the crowd cheered.
They do not play music.
A FEW feet from the Bab al-Salam border crossing near the Turkish town of Kilis, there is a shabby cafe where the most interesting items for sale are not found on the menu.
And it has become tougher, because Americans are less willing to respond to surveys than they used to be.
The little-used freshman Carlin Dupree, all energy and unpredictability, swapped places with the senior Taylor Braun, the Summit Conference’s player of the year.
On the Mac, open the AirPort Utility program.
Women in dirndls stumbled onto the train, dragging men in lederhosen behind them off the platform.
She first assisted with an abortion 20 years ago on a trip to Guinea, just before she finished medical school in Amsterdam.
Now, as Americans continue to vigorously debate the pros and cons of sweeteners, a leader in the category has started a campaign that portrays several of its products in a warm and fuzzy fashion.
That did not happen: Despite some tense moments, Harvard r olled through the conference with only one loss.
Ms. Bacall’s first son, Stephen H. Bogart (named after Bogart’s character in “To Have and Have Not”), was born in 1949.
It contained several instructive points.
The head of cycling’s world governing body, Brian Cookson, said moving sports like track cycling to the Winter Games would take pressure off the crowded Summer Olympics.
It is no wonder that the first question Ms. Mayer was asked at a TechCrunch event in New York on Wednesday was: “Can you tell me what Yahoo is?” Yahoo wants to be part of everyone’s “daily digital habits,” whether in search, communications or content, according to Ms. Mayer.
Several studies have shown that a walk in nature or listening to music can trigger the mind-wandering mode.
“At first my wife would have preferred to be farther east where her friends are, but there is something to be said for a really pretty piece of property right on the ocean: I took one look and I was done.
The Fed and the Treasury tried in the days before Lehman’s collapse to get a consortium of Wall Street banks to participate in a bailout of the firm.
It’s a major cause of today’s response-rate problems – but it’s also the solution.
Tuck was an underclassman at Notre Dame in 2002 when the Raiders had their last winning season.
He describes Kansas in soaring, sentimental language.
Mystic Arts Center, 9 Water Street.
Kaku takes us to laboratories where researchers are studying the microscopic dynamics of the brain’s wiring.
In the polarized politics of the early 21st century, the surest guarantee that Mr. Obama’s political legacy will endure is easy to see.
It will lead participants to discover places like the haunted former homes of Edgar Allan Poe and Mark Twain, as well as hidden motifs like bats on a building.
He was back to his old self on the greens Saturday, with 25 putts.
His first commission, the Retti Candle Shop in Vienna, completed in 1966, brought him worldwide acclaim.
Christie’s and Sotheby’s were, until recently, restricted from doing business in mainland China and operated mostly from Hong Kong.
is weighted toward bigger and state-owned enterprises, and tends to paint a rosier picture than the index compiled by HSBC and Markit Economics, which focuses more on smaller, private firms.
She turned her torso to the right, not to the left.
Raymond W. Kelly, police commissioner under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, credited the program more than almost any other police initiative with keeping the city safe during his tenure, even with cuts to the number of police officers at his disposal and the new demands of counterterrorism.
The Jewish moneylender Shylock is here the gaming tycoon very much as outsider, a power broker sequestered away in high-security surroundings who is no sooner out on the street before he is spat upon and equated with the devil.
He is a Harvard Business School graduate.
However, Facebook’s user surveys and outside research have found that many consumers are not happy with this system.
After the unveiling of that statue, called the Goddess of Democracy, Palmer, like quite a few Western photographers, decided to go home.
On Monday night, Amtrak said that Northeast Regional and Acela express train service was suspended at 8 p.m. between Philadelphia and Baltimore because of mechanical problems near Wilmington, Del.
Although atypical symptoms increase in elderly women, the majority of their heart attacks are still associated with classic chest pain.
Other panelists include the actresses Kate Winslet, Octavia Spencer and Julie Bowen; Catherine Hardwicke, who directed the first “Twilight” movie; the film producer Cathy Schulman; and Jennifer Lee, who co-directed “Frozen.” Certain contest details, including the length of the shorts, are still being worked out and will be made available on Tongal.com, a crowdsourcing platform.
Other season highlights include “Rude World,” a duet choreographed and performed by Molly Lieber and Eleanor Smith , in January as part of the Coil festival.
“I don’t think any of these kids are playing football to be average,” Martinovich said.
Praveen Sharma, United’s vice president for loyalty and business development, said the new requirements were meant to offset increased costs and to reflect “the market value of the product.” So far, American Airlines, which is engaged in a lengthy operational integration with US Airways, seems to be in no hurry to play catch-up.
“The U.S. knows very well that if ever the day comes that Bashar al-Assad needs to go quietly, Iran is the only country capable of achieving that,” said Mashallah Shamsolvaezin, an Iranian journalist who specializes in Arab affairs.
I want to do this because I’m compelled to do this, because I want to make art, but in the world we live in, you have to sell stuff and you have to make shirts with your name on it, and that’s not my first impulse.
So did some of Saddam Hussein’s Baathists, as well as the Scorpions, a feared Serbian paramilitary force.
“You come on vacation with your summer clothes, and all of a sudden it’s colder.” In New York, on Dec. 10, Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein of Federal District Court in Manhattan, citing “rampant inconsistencies,” ruled against the nanny and dismissed the case.
— Diantha Parker Hank Stuever, one of the best writers out there on popular culture, explains why so many people were touched so deeply to hear of the death of Ann B. Davis.
It’s a really inefficient use of resources — that’s the Republican, fiscal conservative side of this,” said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, who has been a longtime advocate of programs in prison that reduce recidivism.
Brazil, obviously, required significant construction and infrastructure improvements to host the tournament that came at a huge cost to Brazilians.
In its citation, the 12-member prize jury called her “a literary pioneer” and praised her adventurous use of language and the psychological nuance of her writing.
“We just have a great deal of difficulty getting to them.
American Museum of Natural History: ‘The Power of Poison’ (through Aug. 10) The good and bad uses of poison are covered in this interactive exhibition, which includes animation and a bit of theater.
“Kyoto is a city and a village at the same time,” said Evdoxia Kyropoulou, 28, a graduate student from Thessaloniki, Greece, who is studying Japanese cinema at Kyoto University of Art and Design.
“Having a good home really is the happy ending,” Ms. Breen said.
“I think this deal is not going to be as simple as people first thought,” said Michael Nathanson, of MoffettNathanson, the research firm.
Only 36 percent of Europeans in seven countries including France, Britain and Germany have a favorable opinion of the parliament, according to Pew.
Unless one of the locomotives veers onto another track at the last minute, they are headed for a collision — not over the policy agenda but over the choice of Jean-Claude Juncker, a veteran deal-broker for the union and a former prime minister of Luxembourg, for the bloc’s most powerful job.
In another study , 88 percent of siblings reported feeling that they themselves were better people for having a younger sibling with Down syndrome; and of 284 respondents to a survey of those with Down syndrome over the age of 12 , 99 percent stated they were personally happy with their own lives.
“The issue is really how the government agencies are using them and what information they have, and more importantly, don’t have, about competition, about the fees they’re paying and about what’s appropriate to go through an auction.”
“It is not two different battles; it is the same battle.
A person associated with the production said that, in contrast to the mechanical stumbles of recent high-tech Broadway productions like the recently closed “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark,” the problems with “Heart and Lights” were more old-fashioned.
Kusnirovich, who owns a majority stake in his privately held company, has since turned Bosco into a lifestyle brand.
Older model transponders sometimes sent out spurious altitude readings.
(A more detailed definition can be found here ).
French and Austrian banks are much more exposed than their British counterparts, he said.
Dr. Khanna has since published two more papers on black hole collisions with results from simulations on the PlayStation 3 supercomputer.
In a new sign of the conflict’s insidious effects, international refugee officials reported Wednesday that a record 33.3 million people worldwide had now been displaced by war, and that Syria was the leading cause — ahead of new displacements from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Nigeria, Sudan and South Sudan.
The police said the children were chatting happily in the elevator when Mr. St. Hubert told them to “shut up” and turned on them.
User mistakes — not errors in the actual cryptography — often benefited the N.S.A.
A. There’s a tool sponsored by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, called the Culture of Safety survey, and it tends to be standardized.
I recall my own impulsive decision to resign as a journalist and start my NGO, Apne Aap.
She shuffled onto her porch wearing black capri pants and a Michigan State University T-shirt.
But the negotiations, also to be mediated by Egypt, are bound to be tricky, given the participants’ antagonisms and sharply different goals.
They regained linebacker Brian Cushing, a tackling machine before his knee injuries.
This is a very big deal indeed.
She is not just a token name on a presidential ticket, but a campaign draw in her own right, as her stirring speeches have added a much-needed shot of crowd appeal to Mr. Rassoul’s otherwise staid and low-energy campaign.
The three were flown to Cameroon’s capital, Yaoundé.
But that would create slippery puddles in hospital corridors, so the guidelines now recommend bleach wipes.
How can you balance athletes’ freedom of speech — their right to speak out on issues they view as important — with the need to prevent actions that might be interpreted as derogatory or hateful?
He had been global chief creative and innovation officer of Momentum Worldwide, New York, part of the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Clint Dempsey, the United States national team’s captain, scored in the 68th minute for Seattle.
Completely deprived for seven years of any of the complex, multitiered social interactions of wild elephants, Koshik, who is now 24, found a way to communicate with his only available company.
The crucial thing is the effect on outsiders, which is systematically excluding.” Mr. Lanchester said he believes that even the scared and the clueless have the capacity to understand financial language, if they can just get over their psychological problems.
Damien Guarniere, a man in his 40s from North Carolina, ended up serving time: a 90-day stint in city jail for obstructing governmental administration.
The House Intelligence Committee unanimously passed a bill on Thursday to replace the National Security Agency’s program that is systematically collecting bulk records about Americans’ phone calls.
If you believe in this market cycle, we are now at an interesting moment.
He has 14 goals this season, more than any other Rangers defenseman since Brian Leetch scored 21 in 2000-1.
Not only did Mr. Obama run ahead of past Democrats, he defeated Hillary Rodham Clinton in many of these regions in the 2008 primaries.
Mr. Cesarczyk’s wife, Yavet Boyadjiev , will accompany him on violin for one piece, a 1985 sonata by David Leisner .
Eleven of 31 investment analysts polled by Thomson Reuters last month rated Twitter a sell, while seven deemed it a buy.
Special Events in the City Monaco, the race that attracts the largest number of wealthy business people, sponsors and other jet-setting spectators, is full of special events.
“He’s been dominant down low.
that the bank has disassociated itself from since The New York Times disclosed the United States investigation in August.
In that case, a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans, did not rule on the disputed claims about medical safety, but rather said that the state had to maintain the right to abortion within its borders.
And smoking, or exposure to it, is pervasive, said Jacob Riddle, 18, who was a third-generation smoker until he quit last year.
You can find these dishes elsewhere, but no other kitchen offers such an embarrassment of dumpling riches, including dessert.
And for another thing, she has two sportscasters (Dennis A. Allen II and Mike Iveson) call the action from a perch overlooking the house, an inspiration that is both hilarious and savvy, since large family dinners are so often thinly veiled competitions.
The huge banner was unfurled on Friday morning outside one of Moscow’s biggest bookstores, Dom Knigi, a grand emporium of the written word on Novii Arbat Street across from a Citibank, a Baskin-Robbins and a Dunkin’ Donuts, and down the block from a big movie theater where the main feature at the moment is “Captain America: The Winter Soldier.” “Fifth Column,” the banner declared.
Called the Ditch, it kicked off in July with a cabaret festival.
Mr. Corigliano has described his own early style as a “tense, histrionic outgrowth of the ‘clean’ American sound of Barber, Copland, Harris and Schuman.” There are echoes of Barber in this emotional and high-strung symphony, whose first movement is called “Apologue: Of Rage and Remembrance.” Sudden mood shifts are woven into the Tarantella , dedicated to a friend in the music industry who suffered from AIDS dementia.
(Dargis) ‘My Old Lady’ (PG-13, 1:47) As revelations about the past tumble out in this talky family drama, adapted by Israel Horovitz from his 2002 play, its dialogue and carefully parceled-out zingers feel increasingly stagey.
Of the seven members now on the court, four were chosen by Republican governors, and three by Mr. Brown.
Last year’s final went into overtime.
Though the announcement won cautious support in this region, Mr. Obama also pressed ahead with the more difficult task of enlisting rural America in his campaign on climate change by linking it to the drought.
“He was light, he was reflective, he was beauty in motion, he was charismatic.
The latest in a line of distinguished leaders that has included Hans von Bülow, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Herbert von Karajan and Claudio Abbado, he has also broadened the institution’s education and outreach efforts and advocated for creative, risky partnerships like Mr. Sellars’s Bach stagings, sometimes despite resistance from his orchestra.
“It was easier to get kids reading because there weren’t so many diverting factors.” Children today are also more literal minded, she said.
Appearing before Parliament in March, Mark J. Carney, the governor of the Bank of England, said that any unwinding of the central bank’s bond-buying program would most likely come only after several interest rate adjustments.
I did it over and over until I got the timing right, and the rod jerked to life.
There’s a certain danger in that because our menu is designed for celebratory occasions and for travelers.
The Berkshires, I used to think, were nothing special.
According to the defense, Colonel Helixon also disclosed that he believed the captain had not told the truth during testimony at a pretrial hearing.
See more Model-Morphosis features Related: Fashion Week Profile | From Russia With Love: A Chronicle of J. Mendel Complete Coverage: Fall 2014 New York Fashion Week
Much has changed, yet today the French hesitate to re-embrace the team.
will have spent more than $4 billion.
A late love note to Marian.” There’s no question that Griffith, known for her tireless visits to studios and her passion for art across the world, would have made maximum use of such ready-to-fly power shoes.
After Mr. Abdullah’s team pulled out of an observer role in the audit, United Nations officials asked observers for his opponent, Ashraf Ghani, to also pull out, in order to maintain an appearance of impartiality in the process.
Why should movie critics be any different?
Even though Mayweather said before the fight that he would challenge Maidana at close range, it was jarring not to see him with the usual finesse and dominance in the ring.
By this winter, he had dropped to Priority 2, with no explanation.
Mr. Dermer celebrated with a call to his Israeli-born mother.
The Funny River Fire in the Kenai Peninsula covered nearly 248 square miles on Monday and was 30 percent contained.
The blocks are almost done, and I hope people will soon return there, or at least be happier when they are there.
Thursday’s program began with the Symphony No.
Wireless service revenue grew 2 percent to $15.4 billion.
Housing starts and the number of real estate transactions have dropped as buyers hold out for lower prices after a construction boom.
Yes, at roughly $35 million, Phase 3, like the rest of the High Line, cost more per acre than probably any park in human history.
Situated about 9,500 feet above sea level, this mountain village of 200 is celebrated for its gnarly off-the-gridness, its rusting old American cars parked on the sides of the road as tourist scarecrows, and its one-way signs all turned outward to discourage entry to the city limits.
Ms. Drewchin, center, joined the crowd.
The new coach will be one part of a thorough franchise rebuilding over the next several years.
Douglas, the Olympic all-around champion, and Raisman, a gold medalist in the floor exercise, can participate in international events starting in 2015.
As he faces down his own 40th birthday in January, Mr. Cooper acknowledges that he is less settled, physically at least, than ever before.
I’m pretty sure Josh wants to get a degree.
And then for women, Saletan’s exhortation is only really potent if you assume pro-life as well as pro-contraception premises.
Separately, the U.N. Committee Against Torture urged the U.S. on Friday to prosecute police brutality and shootings of unarmed black youth and ensure that taser weapons are used only in life-threatening situations.
“The average voter isn’t going to come across this and wouldn’t spend the time to read it,” said Charles S. Bullock III, a political scientist at the University of Georgia.
The team’s pursuit of Jackson, 68, has become an extended process, rife with intrigue.
The details of Scotland’s grievances are almost the diametrical opposite of those of, say, the Tea Party or Swedish right-wingers.
Mr. Payne closed in the spring.
March 14 at 8 p.m. $15 to $25.
Ms. Ndegeocello has been a high priestess of ambiguous feeling throughout her career, which encompasses 10 previous albums — the most recent of which, in 2012, was an ingeniously hazy tribute to Nina Simone .
“The greatest danger is this reticence,” said Dr. Daniel Yota, the W.H.O.
Often I’ll let it sit by the window.
Henry Barbour’s comments were an indication that Mr. Cochran’s campaign supporters recognized the urgency in devising a way to counter the ardent Tea Party supporters who are likely to return to the polls on Mr. McDaniel’s behalf.
They’re waiting, too.” The replacement ignition switches have been rationed out around the country since April, arriving in dribs and drabs.
A lot of it is just luck, where you land.” As the Knicks’ luck would have it, here is the final, taunting tally on the 2009 draft: Curry has become everything Riley and Walsh believed he would be, and more, while Ellis was moved in a 2012 deal that brought the defensive-minded 7-foot center Andrew Bogut from Milwaukee after the Warriors drafted Klay Thompson, a better backcourt match for Curry, in 2011.
The authorities are scrutinizing connections between the employment of the children of senior Chinese officials and business leaders and the bank’s roles on specific deals.
His father was the director of the local opera house and a former performer who later turned his hand to calligraphy.
Wide Receiver With Calvin Johnson likely sidelined this week, Golden Tate becomes almost a must-start receiver.
Professor John Salt of the University College London migration research unit said Wednesday that data from Bulgaria showed that advance bookings for Bulgaria Air, the main air carrier from Bulgaria to Britain, decreased by more than 3 percent for travel in the first three months of 2014, compared with the previous year.
“People sitting on porches,” he said.
While these programs will not be the solution for all homeless children, families and victims of domestic violence, bringing back a housing subsidy program is a step in the right direction.
Jan. 26 through Feb. 12.
In an interview in March, Mr. Kernes said he believed that the new government in Kiev was fueling disillusionment in the east and was apathetic about the interests of local people.
Last year, as it overturned one part of the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, the United States Supreme Court said the federal government must recognize same-sex marriages performed in states.
And given the continuing story of Mr. Threadgill’s career, it felt only appropriate that the evening’s finale ended in irresolution, with no punctuation mark beyond the applause.
But with the photographs and short videos, the German artists have what looks like credible evidence.
officer who helped a mysterious Soviet spy betray his country, then tried for a half-century to prove that the defector was actually a Russian double agent, died on Feb. 20 at his home in Brussels.
Some chafed at Mr. Giulietti’s zealous focus on safety since assuming the job, arguing that while protecting riders was paramount, commuters deserved more.
So far, Alibaba’s approach has been to go slow.
The structure of the Raptors’ offense emphasizes his strengths without requiring him to do too much.
The American neo-folk singer and songwriter Devendra Banhart cites him as a major influence and recorded his “Luna de Margarita”; the German choreographer Pina Bausch included fragments of Mr. Díaz’s music in her piece “Nur Du (Only You)”; and the Spanish film director Pedro Almodóvar used his “Tonada de Luna Llena” on the soundtrack of the 1995 film “The Flower of My Secret.” Mr. Díaz’s most famous recording was “Caballo Viejo,” or “Old Horse,” released in 1980.
• Sears reported a wider loss and its 30th straight quarter of lower sales today .
Mr. Boehner and his leadership team nonetheless urged Republicans to vote for the bill, saying they would fight Mr. Obama over immigration in February, when the funding for the Department of Homeland Security is scheduled to run out.
Mr. Day, also 29, is a vice president at Selway Capital, an investment firm in Manhattan, where he studies investments in technology companies in Israel.
Two women found a puzzle of the Milky Way galaxy and dumped the pieces out on the carpet.
Iranian textbooks now say that when Iranian students took over the United States Embassy in 1979, taking diplomats and other personnel hostage for 444 days, they did so to forestall a coup d'état like the one organized by the C.I.A.
Yet, amazingly, some Republicans are now pushing to scale back the earned income tax credit.
Lindsey Vonn crashed out of Sunday’s World Cup super-G in Val d’Isère, France, after entering a turn too wide, and Elisabeth Görgl beat her fellow Austrian Anna Fenninger, the Olympic champion, by 0.05 of a second for the victory.
Starting with the publication of a history of the brand in January and a dazzling party in Milan in April, Baccarat has organized a series of global events and new product launches.
“The Lineage Series,” Josephine Bloodgood.
Ms. Sturgeon, 44, was unopposed for the position at a party convention in Perth, Scotland.
When Bristol-Myers tested its two drugs together as a treatment for advanced lung cancer, about half of the 46 patients suffered serious side effects, and three of them died from the drugs themselves, according to an abstract of a study being presented here.
“The more you cut, the more you find.” The details of the new recall sounded familiar.
“I think it is the view of Perry supporters that this is a highly partisan prosecution consistent with what we’ve seen from the Travis County D.A.’s office,” said Ted Delisi, a Republican strategist who was the national field director for Mr. Perry’s 2012 presidential campaign.
He becomes America’s cad, the no-goodnik gadfly husband to an unlikely new reality sensation: Susan, who despite professing initial disdain for celebrity culture takes to it like a Kardashian to a see-through skirt.
“There’s so much car advertising on TV that shows cars driving through deserts and mountain roads and it all just blurs together, but the advertising that is more about the bobsleds is much more compelling,” Mr. Mannix said.
Today, despite the city’s gilded reputation, the average New York resident is not into joining exclusive social clubs; he or she spends 17 percent less than the national average on such memberships.
Neither advance is guaranteed to produce important clinical benefits anytime soon, but they may point the way toward new pathways to treat and diagnose a condition that impairs the thinking and memories of its victims and ultimately kills many of them.
If the acting is uneven, lacking the bite to push the discomfort deep under the audience’s skin, Mr. Cover’s collision of cunning and despair is convincing, as is Ms. Abraham’s leonine physicality.
Mr. Joye said the officer took more than $1,000 in cash and deployed pepper spray.
The winners advance to the national championship game on Jan. 12.
The night out falls every year on the first Tuesday in August, except in Texas, which has its events on the first Tuesday in October.
A climactic competition is irresistible, while a closing coda is almost too pat.
O.K., that’s what crude obfuscation looks like.
“You don’t have to be pro-immigrant rights,” said Ms. Benson, who is also chairwoman of the Immigration and Nationality Law Committee of the New York City Bar Association.
As their numbers grew, they swelled into a seemingly unending procession of volunteers with rifles, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades, backed by mortar crews and gun and rocket trucks.
Images and headlines on The Drudge Report and Breitbart.com have singled out acts of violence among demonstrators and shown looters breaking store windows.
ANDREW KREPS (B54) Goshka Macuga’s “Of what is, that it is; of what is not, that it is not 2” is a giant black-and-white tapestry made on looms in Flanders.
The local economy still runs on selling bits of land to newcomers.
Driver intervention is impossible, even in an emergency, so its design would be appropriate for people physically unable to operate a vehicle.
That’s how businesses as well as the government have to function.
The soldiers were from a battalion that is affiliated with the forces of a former general, Khalifa Hifter.
“I was laughing all the way through it.
I thought sweet potatoes were a common and traditional Thanksgiving food for the whole country, like turkey and stuffing.
Mr. Carcelle was named a chevalier, or knight, of the Legion of Honor in 2004 for his contributions to French cultural life.
It raises all sorts of questions that could have been avoided if Mr. Andreessen had recused himself from being part of the investor group that bought Skype as opposed to a board member involved in a critical decision for eBay’s future.
A store owner was shot and wounded during a robbery at the El Bodeguero Market in Hawthorne, Calif. , Tuesday.
To the Editor: In “ German, Jewish and Neither ” (Sunday Review, Jan. 5), Yascha Mounk raises issues of personal and communal identity, as well as how to deal with the legacy of the Holocaust, with which I am all too familiar.
Edward Windham, 33, was shot to death while riding a moped in Florence, S.C. , Wednesday evening.
And more than 66,000 received free H.I.V.
To spite that rebel Robert Lee, we took away his land .
It was a huge relief.
Toward the bottom, there is a niche, like a mail slot or a place for a plaque, that makes the painting seem small and intimate.
The giveaways included a special edition of TV Guide magazine, the television issue of New York magazine and Emmy Wrap, from thewrap.com.
He is also, it would seem, a coldly defensive man, and perhaps that coldness coats his work with a layer of ice.
When Klinsmann then went public with his final decision a day later, many officials at U.S. Soccer were caught off guard.
Recalling that, Ms. Skehan asked Ms. Pitterson, “Martha, do you have any recipes?” Soon Ms. Pitterson was driving to Harlem to take Omayra Jimenez, 41, a legal assistant, and her husband, Martin Polanco, 45, a fashion designer, to Macy’s in Midtown.
Oligarchs like Mr. Khodorkovsky, much less those with Jewish roots, have never been especially popular in Russia, where they are blamed for fleecing the state of assets before Mr. Putin’s rise.
But then came the frenzy of drilling in shale oil and gas fields across the country.
Though companies argue that such moves are necessary to keep them competitive with global rivals that pay lower tax rates, many lawmakers in Washington think they are taking advantage of a loophole that allows them to skirt paying their fair share.
At one point, after a motorbike accident, he was confined to a blacks-only hospital for more than a month.
And while they used to enjoy foreign travel, recent vacations been more likely to involve domestic excursions (often to college campuses).
Each blanket required two to three hours of work.
The subway now runs to Old Delhi, but beyond that, it hasn’t really changed much since I first arrived.
If you hear a loud cascading sound at the south end of the fair, it is someone flipping over her “Red Bean Turner,” which is like an opaque hourglass filled with dried beans.
Spain’s prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, has vowed to block the Catalan secessionist drive and to push the nation’s constitutional court to rule swiftly that such an independence vote would breach the Constitution.
The stock market marched higher on Tuesday, giving the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index its best day of the year.
Deputies said Chepchugov’s next-door neighbor, Robert Moulton, 61, shot him and then barricaded himself and his wife, Deborah Moulton, in their home.
At the 2011 state championship in La Crosse, Derek threw the shot more than 60 feet, only to be scratched.
“I watched ‘Bagger Vance’ yesterday, and he said, ‘At the end of the day, we’re playing a game,’ ” Kaymer said Saturday, referring to the film “The Legend of Bagger Vance.” Kaymer continued: “We can’t control a lot of things that happen on the golf course.
If you are lucky enough to have your own fig tree, or access to one, take a few of the larger leaves and use them to make baked goat cheese.
I found Frank to be at his best when writing about our urge to puff up what we don’t know with wonder, instead of living that urge out on the page.
Rising sales taxes were cited as the reason for deterring consumer spending.
Both Mr. Bouygues and Mr. Drahi declined to comment.
That work had determined that exercise increases the levels of substances known as growth factors in the animals’ bloodstream and brains.
Mobsters controlled at least 300 pizzerias in Germany, it said, and were using these businesses to enter the legitimate economy.
The shoe company Early Days (“Caring for baby’s feet since 1952”), in Leicester, in central England, was unprepared after Prince George was spotted in its prewalkers.
embed In the Video U.S. Steps Up Criticism of Russian Role in Syrian War Penn State Finds Its New President at Florida State Driving Under the Influence, of Marijuana
A little-noticed provision of the Affordable Care Act enacted in 2010 required calorie labels on menus at food establishments but did not specify which retailers would be subject to the requirement.
price, at $24.75, before settling closer to around $23 a share near midday.
Chaplin, Keaton and Lloyd were exceptions to the formula frenzies of their time.” But “The Party” is in the tradition of Keystone’s transgressive vulgarity.
Dr. Walter T. Gwenigale, Liberia’s minister of health and social welfare, said that the protesters had been angry because patients from outside West Point had been brought there.
And with unaffiliated voters the fastest-growing segment of the electorate, it is also a test of whether yet another big-city Democrat can be elected by riding a wave of populism, much as Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York did last fall.
The tenant told detectives he had been sleeping at the time of the killing and is not considered a suspect.
In the background of the painting “Fairy Tale Kingdom: Changfeng She,” named for an agricultural commune of the time, fertile fields of corn wave, rainbows span the sky and the red characters of a slogan proclaim: “However great the people’s courage, the earth can yield a matching crop.” To illustrate the collective lie, Ms. Huang depicted her little boys, dressed identically in blue trousers, white shirts and red neckerchiefs, as Pinocchios with long, red-tipped noses.
Your imagination and your initiative, and your indignation will determine whether we build a society where progress is the servant of our needs, or a society where old values and new visions are buried under unbridled growth.
February has come and gone, but there has been no executive order, no expansion of the living wage law and no public discussion about where things stand.
The Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario instead offered early mediation between the players and the Canadian Soccer Association.
“Rob’s a fighter,” said Michael Rendino, who manages a sports bar near Yankee Stadium and is a Republican commissioner on the city’s Board of Elections.
Otherwise, he said, local people would have said, “Look at those white people releasing bad bats.” Rumors that whites and people from the capital cities had started the epidemic led to confrontations and the murders of several health care workers.
Mr. Lanchester shows how reversification operates in the realm of finance.
MORRISTOWN Macculloch Hall Historical Museum “Made in New Jersey: A Celebration of Decorative and Fine Arts.” Through Oct. 30.
The rate on the six-month issue was 0.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.02 percent.
But why postpone pleasure till midnight?
“He’s less well-known and wasn’t expected to win his primary.
in particular — has advanced in the intervening decades.
And that leads to claims of unfairness over the alleged disproportionate share of taxes paid by those at the top of the income scale.
But is it really spying if the surveillance is done between well-meaning family members?
Jennie Smith, smoking outside, said that she and another regular — her chocolate Labrador, Bentley — were devastated.
“The people from the community couldn’t use it any longer as a place to sit and relax.
In 90-degree heat among a crowd of 90,000, it’s tough for anyone — even a bona fide rock star — to keep their look together.
The texts are a treasure-trove for scholars seeking to trace the evolution of dharma, the teachings of the Buddha, from the origins of Buddhism in India in the fifth century B.C.
FRAGRANCE I have the Jo Malone Red Roses cologne and I have the Bulgari perfume, the yellow one.
Eckert, whom the owners had dismissed, stayed on.
I never knew how many people I could embrace that I might otherwise despise.
“The funny thing about the tale of Fan,” we are told, “is that much of what happened to her happened to her.” She’s just a teenager, after all; her story is not that of Katniss “catching fire” but simply that of “a girl with a love who was lost,” moving among various strata of society according to the kindness or venality of those who cross her path.
Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the departing secretary general of the alliance, said that Estonia had not raised Mr. Kohver’s abduction “in the context of NATO” and that Russia’s intentions were difficult to fathom.
The hurricane caused few casualties, but it flooded roads, tore apart homes, shattered windows in hotels and closed the international airport at Los Cabos.
And Baby vocalizes unintelligible coos and gurgles that manage to communicate tone and emotional state.
The attack, the medic said, was one of two in two weeks in Tamana, and among several recently reported by residents of rebel communities who say they have been targeted with chlorine gas, a noxious substance that can overwhelm and sicken but is not normally considered a chemical weapon.
There are a lot of opportunities for advancement.” Muhtar A. Kent, chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company , said Coke had undertaken a program called 5by20 to assist female entrepreneurs, with the goal of empowering five million women by 2020.
Correction Department regulations are supposed to limit the amount of overtime a guard can work to 57 hours a month.
By contrast, a neighbor testified that Arthur was “very gentle, very polite — kind of mousy, really.” The brothers lived largely separate lives.
But you get the idea.)
(It will be sent directly by the exchange.)
She has grown to love cupcakes, but does not hide the fact that she and her family find England cold and isolating.
Like Yoshiyuki Miyamae, the 38-year-old designer at Issey Miyake who played with pastels in sporty shapes, most of these designers are too young to associate pale colors with baby-girl clothes or tokens of femininity.
And yet Ride On Curlin, the Preakness runner-up trained by Billy Gowan and owned by Daniel Dougherty, has an opportunity to be an improbable spoiler when California Chrome aims to become the 12th Triple Crown champion and the first since Affirmed in 1978 in the Belmont Stakes on Saturday.
“Dude, I didn’t even know that these things are called ‘cut and sew,’ like a cut-and-sew factory.
With the recount underway, though, Mr. Bush did express his anger at what he saw as Democratic attempts to stop his brother from carrying Florida and winning the election.
In the late 1950s, he produced three plays that ran simultaneously on Broadway.
Mr. Torre was in Kansas City, Mo., the night before for the final game of the World Series and rushed back for this event.
He announced his retirement in February and will be succeeded by his wife, Debbie.
Former employees said the executives had told staff members that the firm lost money for two months in its decade-long history.
Medical technology companies are increasingly global, and seeing regulatory approval in many markets at once.
Companies have been adding buildings, buying new equipment and acquiring new software packages strongly enough that such investment contributed 0.84 percentage points to growth in 2011, almost precisely the same as in 2012.
[ New York Times ] • Scoreboard: Bulls bully Nets , 105-80.
“There is no excuse for failing to follow laws created to keep drivers safe,” Anthony R. Foxx, the secretary of transportation, said in a statement.
It confirmed the death of the following American recently: DONAHUE, Michael J., 41, Maj., Army; Columbus, Ohio; Headquarters and Headquarters Battalion, XVIII Airborne Corps.
“It’s a really primitive system,” he said.
More than once, former employees accused him of sexual harassment.
Ms. Bayley said fans were added to the cooling system to keep the engine from melting the body.
There is too much bad work out there for the reader to wade through it himself.
Equally impressive is the combination of outstanding driving dynamics, advanced lightweight construction and groundbreaking efficiency.” Jon Hamm, the actor, helped Stephen Cannon, chief executive of Mercedes-Benz USA, unveil the S63 AMG Coupe in New York on Wednesday.
Instead, he skillfully portrays the protagonist envisioned by Mr. Loy, while bringing to the music the honeyed voice and, for the most part, interpretive nuance he is reputed for.
It means lifting poor children out of ineffective schools that leave them unable to compete.
Hotels plan to start sending some of their sheets and towels to be laundered on the mainland, a huge expense.
In a county where the judiciary is known for old-school nepotism and cronyism, and judges have been caught smoking marijuana in a park and found drunk and partly naked in a hotel hallway, some lawyers find themselves wondering: At what point do isolated instances of misconduct point to something bigger?
“If you want to open your eyes, you would admit that it is a slow, downward trend of social optimism and consumer optimism,” said Marina Krasilnikova, who leads income and consumer research for the Levada Center.
But Treasury officials repeatedly said that sanctions were a part of, not a substitute for, a diplomatic policy — some sanctions worked better than others, and none were ever used in isolation.
Where the horses would go is the elephant in the room.
The women, who all had parents as guarantors, rushed to apply.
For all the advances in tolerance, however, many parts of the world remain dangerous for homosexuals — much of Africa, some Muslim countries, Russia.
“We are yin and yang,” Mr. Grande said.
But the voter rolls were old, and many supporters of remaining in Ukraine said they stayed away.
Companhia Urbana will also perform a more upbeat work, “Na Pista” (which translates as “The Dance Floor”).
She backed gun control, campaign finance reform and abortion rights, positions that brought her tough primary challenges by conservatives in her last two races.
SOUTHPORT Southport Galleries “Wood and Water,” paintings by Melissa Barbieri.
“The main characters — Ila (Nimrat Kaur), a neglected housewife, and Mr. Fernandes (Irrfan Khan), a widowed office worker nearing retirement — communicate through handwritten letters and home-cooked meals,” he wrote.
The system is expected to go citywide this year and represents a promising step.
The problem with the way in which Biskupic presents Sotomayor’s story is that this rise is contrasted with the ethnic, gender and racial politics at the heart of other appointments.
The other fig leaf companies try to hide behind is job type.
NOTEWORTHY • Art auction in nosebleed territory.
But even when the giant Art Basel fair isn’t taking place (June 19 to 22 this year), this small city in northwest Switzerland offers plenty of pluses for fans of culture: wonderful museums, world-class architecture, quirky bars and polished restaurants, as well as easy access to France and Germany, its two neighbors in the so-called Dreiländereck, or “three-country region.” Fly into Basel’s airport, technically situated on French soil, and take the public transportation links out to Weil am Rhein, a German suburb.
Here’s a guide to 100 events that have us especially excited, in order of appearance.
Yet in an interview this month, Mr. Chen suggested that BlackBerry had comparatively modest goals for the Passport, which features a novel square display and a physical keyboard that doubles as a touch-sensitive track pad.
For Snee, that notion must have always been there.
Whatever the acronym, it takes a posse, Ms. Miller of Martha Stewart Weddings agreed.
Sliding glass doors lead to a trellis-covered coral stone terrace with palm trees and an infinity-edge pool, with the ocean beyond.
O.K., here is a picture of my first husband right after we were married.
In sentimental contexts, she generates lines of wicked ambition.
He asked Mr. MacCallum’s company, Paragon Space Development Corporation, to create a life-support system to make it possible for him to breathe pure oxygen in a pressure suit during his ascent and fall.
Derek Jeter took off his Yankees uniform for the final time on Sunday and with that the last player from the glory teams spanning the 1990s and 2000s is gone.
The plane crashed around 1 p.m. in the forests near Arghakhachi.
But that index finger rather spoiled the effect of another recent study, in the journal Nature, which found that the black piranha’s bite is more powerful, pound for pound, than that of a great white shark or a killer whale.
FRONT PAGE An article on Thursday about documents linking members of Gov.
“I want to see if I can play on that consistent level that I have with the majors this year and make a little bit more of a statement.”
When I relapsed in the past, I would keep getting high until I was in a car accident or got arrested.
PURCHASE Neuberger Museum of Art of Purchase College “This Leads to Fire: Russian Art From Nonconformism to Global Capitalism, Selections From the Kolodzei Art Foundation Collection.” “Key Frames: Contemporary Artists’ Animation,” group show.
A nation with an African-American president and a significant, if struggling, black middle class remains as deeply divided about the justice system as it was decades ago.
He told Cashman that he had done his job, and now it was time for the players to do theirs.
“Sometimes even before it happens.” What happens, though, for the most part, is fairly predictable.
“Of my two handicaps, being female puts more obstacles in my path than being black,” Ms. Chisholm said.
He was always in a good mood.
After decades of secrecy about their multi-billion dollar operations, commissioners at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey this week began casting important votes in public.
When he was Gujarat chief minister, Mr. Modi’s interest in foreign policy was largely focused on economic issues, especially foreign direct investment.
Jason Wenig, who owns the Creative Workshop , an automotive restoration business in Dania Beach, Fla., built a vehicle that combines the size of a Central Park landau with the look of a “brass-era” car.
But seeing art is seeing an ordered and imaginary world, subjective and concentrated.
In these pages, Mr. Todd dissects “the promise versus the reality of Obama” and concludes that he will be regarded, at least in the near future, as “a president whose potential wasn’t realized.” He writes that “income inequality is worse than ever,” that the Middle East could well be “more unstable when Obama leaves office than when he took it,” and that while he “wanted to soar above partisanship,” his tenure in office will likely “be remembered as a nadir of partisan relations.” The underlying problems Mr. Todd diagnoses have already been pointed out by many reporters and politicians, especially in the run-up to the midterm elections.
That loss threatened to knock Oregon out of the national championship hunt, but the Ducks rebounded by vanquishing their next seven conference opponents, scoring at least 42 points each time and winning by an average of 24 points.
And while running their own business has sometimes been exhausting, their partnership has helped them overcome their own tendencies not to always follow through (as shown by how long it took to get together).
He did so again on this night.
Many more were tempted to take the risk in the first years than toward the end.
“We’re trying to plug some bigger ones, and we have small ones.
“They came out the other side.
The Dow industrials lost 238.19 points, or 1.4 percent, to 16,804.71.
“Progress has been made in some places to mitigate these risks, in part by developing robots and automated vehicles to carry out some tasks, but the costs of such projects remain high,” Mr. Romero says.
When at their ferocious best, the Heat smother opponents by double-teaming ball-handlers, then closing out passing lanes and driving angles that appear open, only to vanish before the offense can take advantage.
1987: When the strike by 6,600 employees started on Jan. 18, the focus was on wages, health benefits and pensions.
“I don’t know how they do it,” our waiter said in amazement during one visit.
“You can see his breathing.” Mr. Lauren, the executive vice president for advertising, marketing and corporate communications for the Ralph Lauren company and a son of the designer, isn’t cyberspying, nor is he tricked out with some newfangled sensor providing access to his subject’s inner workings.
“I don’t have to imagine.
The son of a former high school football player, Rensing was an unlikely figure to take on the N.C.A.A.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, was about to call the vote when the Senate’s No.
He became its president in 1962 and its chief four years later.
‘Chicago’ Jazz Age sex, murder and razzle-dazzle (2:25).
(Isherwood) ‘Cougar the Musical’ Three older women find themselves attracted to younger men, two against their better judgment.
He is the author of two collections of poetry and several other books, including, most recently, “Why Trilling Matters.” In 2010, he won the Roger Shattuck Prize for Criticism.
His sons, Alaa and Gamal, fraternized with Egypt’s top players.
In 2010, national Republicans mounted a major effort to capture statehouses in the midterm elections, with their eye on controlling the redrafting of district maps that follows each census.
In hindsight, that was a serious misstep.
(Johnson) Museum of the City of New York: ‘Gilded New York’ (continuing) This period-piece of a show revolves around the ritual of the fancy-dress ball: an occasion for lavish expenditures by both host and guests.
“That Clay is so brawny, he picks me up like I’m a cherry tomato!” she said one day.
“I’m just confused — don’t know who to trust,” said Abe, a co-owner of Sam’s Meat Market, who declined to give his last name, while surveying his half-empty store that has been looted twice since Mr. Brown’s death.
Marc Berger and Ride, folk.
(My husband, who has decided Hawaii is definitely off his travel list, had to work.)
Wiped it from the memory bank.
has been measured at around 70, said Mr. Kammer, the lawyer.
Those who opt out can attend matches for free.
It is Arts Council England, not Arts England Council.
Ms. Wachenheim’s sister, Deb, is among those breaking the silence.
“In Asia, nowhere I’ve worked have I seen a woman in a workshop, stone cutting, polishing, that sort of thing,” said Ms. Small: “Its just so incredible to see in a country like Afghanistan that the women are in there, grinding and polishing.”
Maybe just ‘data science’?” Mr. Jurafsky, who grew up in Silicon Valley, traces his own food mania to a childhood discovery of Julia Child, and the more pungent dishes he encountered while doing research on Cantonese and Mandarin, among other subjects, in graduate school.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
Normcore had taken on a life of its own.
The independent monitor will oversee the implementation of the changes and report to the court.
In lieu of flowers, direct all complaints and criticism to the College Football Playoff committee.
By one rough calculation — dividing the $3.9 billion amortized at 4 percent interest by the 24,539,849 vehicle round trips taken in 2012 — paying off construction bonds could add more than $6 to the amount paid for each trip through the tollbooths.
— MARY PILON Hard to believe Mao Asada, the silver medalist in Vancouver, is in the second group.
Madison Theater at Molloy College, 1000 Hempstead Avenue.
10 P.M. (TNT) PRIVATE LIVES OF NASHVILLE WIVES From the producers of “The Real Housewives of Orange County” comes this new reality series, which follows six society types in the country-music capital.
She’s grateful to Pastor Greg (Marc Kudisch) for giving her a place of refuge, at least until he begins pressing his affections on her a little too insistently.
Mr. Zhang, the lawyer, said he planned to visit Mr. Hahn again on Sunday.
Russia has repeatedly been accused by numerous international organizations of trampling on human rights, including charges of mistreating migrant workers and state-approved discrimination against gay men and lesbians .
Ed has begun to behave strangely in ways best not described here: Part of what makes “We Are Not Ourselves” so gripping is the credible yet surprising ways in which it reveals the details of any neuroscientist’s worst nightmare.
The cartoon was captioned, “For you, oh Aqsa,” a reference to the contested Old City holy site at the heart of a recent violent escalation that increasingly seems to be beyond the control of Israeli or Palestinian leaders.
Those two had their convictions reviewed in connection with the Vienna Convention violations, but no United States court has done so in Mr. Tamayo’s case.
“I saw with my own eyes so many of my friends and colleagues killed,” Mr. Hong said.
“The large ‘Dissected Buddha’ collage by Gonkar Gyatso was included because it so effectively links the contemporary moment with the longstanding tradition of representing the Buddha,” Mr. Behrendt wrote by email.
Not only are the rings the result of Mr. Roosegaarde’s clean-up action — actual scrapings of his ionic filter vacuum bags — they will also raise public understanding and private funding for the project.
(For me, it’s Jonathan Winters and, somewhat surprisingly, Terry-Thomas.)
Learn more about the word “ florid ” and see usage examples across a range of subjects on the Vocabulary dictionary .
But it’s not going to stop me from going to Louis Vuitton just because it’s not here.”
They have played six times over all, with Isner winning four, all best-of-three-set matches.
Zhou and his team work around the clock (singing revolutionary songs and chewing ginseng root to stay awake) in the sweltering factory, trying one method after another, sucking in the dust and fumes, and failing again and again and again, week after week, month after month, until finally, there is some tiny, incremental progress and then a smidgen more, until, at last, with an assist from another division, there is — amazingly — a breakthrough.
The privacy paradox was surfaced most directly in one question: Would you be willing to trade some privacy for greater convenience and ease?
There was basically no difference in five-year and 10-year overall survival rates or in the death rates from prostate cancer specifically, said Dr. Xabier Garcia-Albeniz, a research associate at the Harvard School of Public Health and the study’s lead author.
“I had never seen him so defeated,” she said.
A supporting brief from the Guttmacher Institute, a research and policy group, said that many women cannot afford the most effective means of birth control and that the law will reduce unintended pregnancies and abortions.
“I don’t know that they’re not in classes,” Mr. Johnson replied, echoing statements made on Friday by spokesmen for the school district, who would not confirm or deny the children’s accounts.
Although a strong drive from the central government may be what is needed to combat vested interests, this approach inevitably leads to bottlenecks.
We have only two of them in the basement, so I have to fight with all the guys.
“That’s how it is in this country.” Many on the bridge blamed the government for not doing more to care for its citizens.
Rather, he said, they are trying to “control the public’s perception of concussion risks” through programs that attempt “to convince parents that football can be made safer,” even though there is no empirical evidence that tackling procedures can reduce the rate or severity of concussions.
Sherone Simpson, a Jamaican Olympic sprinter, was barred from her sport until Dec. 20 after testing positive for a banned stimulant.
(Knopf, $14.99; ages 2 to 5.)
“It’s the first game to really capitalize on the generation that watches games almost more than they play,” said Cliff Bleszinski, a veteran game designer.
Yet if the United States illustrates how democratic states can develop, it also illustrates how they can decline.
The partnership between Burns and Azoff MSG will be named Burns Entertainment and Sports Marketing.
On NPR’s “Fresh Air” last month, Sherman described his efforts to interview Ailes in terms that called to mind Michael Moore’s early documentary “Roger and Me,” about the General Motors chief executive Roger Smith.
(No one is; Luckett believes in “ubiquity, not exclusivity.” He doesn’t want to own anyone.
• Sony supersizes data storage with a 185-terabyte cassette tape.
And consumer prices flat, indeed flirting with deflation.
“An Irishman!” he shouts between consumptive heaves.
Mr. Mersch said he wished “that these well-meaning suggestions were based on thorough understanding of the institutional and legal limits of the E.C.B.
The Spanish team included Di Stéfano and the Hungarian émigré Laszlo Kubala, Luis Suárez and Francisco Gento, but it still failed to advance to the finals past Scotland and Switzerland.
He is adamant about restitution, bringing offenders back to court repeatedly until victims have been paid.
Biology was attractive, but he was worried enough about his mathematical bent to talk to one of his philosophy professors about concerns that biology would too fuzzy for him.
GREENPORT The Gallery at Greenport Harbor Brewing Company “Sanctuary,” new works on canvas by Danielle Malmet Rodger.
season and his second with the Jets.
The complete answers are on the accompanying chart.
Retail sales in Washington are expected to start this spring.
If the grass is grown on movable trays, as it was for previous World Cups, it could be installed on the fields just before the matches begin.
A Defense Department official said that the Army knew that Sergeant Bergdahl, at the time of his 2008 enlistment, failed to make it through Coast Guard basic training two years earlier.
Coach Sam Rutigliano called a pass play, “Red Right 88,” and told quarterback Brian Sipe to “throw the ball into Lake Erie if no one’s open.” Sipe forced a pass to Ozzie Newsome (now the Ravens’ general manager), and it was intercepted in the end zone, ending the Browns’ season.
As my colleague Michael Barbaro reports, Mr. Christie’s no-nonsense image is in peril.
@cwjaccount magnitude isn’t what you feel.
INTERNATIONAL Because of an editing error, a picture caption with an article on Sunday about President Obama’s plan to recalibrate his foreign policy agenda in the wake of the Syrian and Ukrainian crises misstated, in some editions, the date on which Mr. Obama appeared with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, whose relations with the White House have been tense since the disclosure last fall that the National Security Agency had eavesdropped on her telephone calls.
But recently, Quality Logo Products expanded its social media portfolio to see if it could connect with business customers in more personal ways.
The sampler, which is $14.50, is easily shared by three diners, especially if eaten with the accompanying pita, which, rather than being microwaved, is warmed over a wood fire (note the fresh grill marks on the bread and its alluringly charred flavor).
To count yourself as “passionate” this side of the millennium is unfashionable enough, and to look passionate is basically unthinkable.
Mr. Thaksin and his allies have won every national election since 2001, with his sister taking office in 2011 with a majority of parliamentary seats.
And the public advocate, Letitia James, is also planning a lawsuit — to block the expansion of some charter schools.
It moved through a Muslim neighborhood where men wore white skullcaps and women black veils, and a Hindu neighborhood where a sinewy man wearing nothing but an orange cloth and a placid expression washed his feet at a hand pump.
If you were talking to a patient and your beeper went off, it was understood to be a medical summons; you were entitled — and expected — to step out of the room and answer.
Last year, the Oscars, which aired on Feb. 24, overlapped with Milan Fashion Week, regarded by more than a few in the industry as less essential than Paris.
A WALK down memory lane for a major marketer and one of its former advertising agencies, inspired by “Mad Men,” is ending with a reunion.
They are found by seeing yourself from a distance as part of a landscape.
Cynthia Hamilton and Jonathan Neighbors were both shot in the arm in Hot Springs, Ark.
For comfort, Reference headphones are equipped with patented oval ear tips that Klipsch says will more naturally fit the contours of the ear canal (four sizes of interchangeable ear tips are included).
Muzzin and Drew Doughty each had a goal and an assist, and Jonathan Quick made 22 saves as the Kings moved to the brink of their second trip to the Stanley Cup finals in three seasons with their third straight win over the defending champion Blackhawks.
Mr. Akyol recognizes the ugly specter of anti-Semitism in the Arab world.
The hellcat in me died in the night.
“Plants lend themselves to being used in repeat patterns,” she says.
That’s what the Washington singer Kevin LeVar brings on his second album with One Sound, “Destiny!
There’s no argument that, until recently, universities deserved their reputations as bastions of male privilege and outright sexism.
Mr. Stoppard based her in part on the 19th-century math prodigy Ada Lovelace , the daughter of Lord Byron, who just happens to make an offstage appearance in “Arcadia” as a school chum of Septimus.
“It is not a secret that we have lived through some challenging weeks of late,” Yuli-Yoel Edelstein, the current Parliament speaker, told reporters as the voting was underway.
The exhibition ‘‘was never meant to be a retrospective, nor a fashion exhibition, nor art.
“Especially when I forget to shave for like a month, then I look a lot older, so sometimes people ask me if it’s me playing or my son,” he said.
July 20 at 7 p.m. Dayna Kurtz, jazz and blues.
“The neighborhood was changing around us,” Mr. Hall said.
“If you make the setup and the circumstances of the scene too complicated, an audience won’t have time to grasp it in the limited time they have,” he said.
Several students were also convicted and sentenced in the same trial, and other journalists were convicted in absentia.
My first line, it happened, was “Let’s be free!” And yet all I did was try to read my part well and make the others laugh.
Her tone was resonant and full, taking up space in the room.
Mr. Farocki made more than 100 films, many of them short experimental documentaries that explored contemporary life, and what he saw as its myriad depredations — war, imprisonment, surveillance, capitalism — through the visual stimuli that attend them.
The Inner Life of America’s Jews” (1970).
One former aide said that the office would receive “mandatory directives” from the campaign to ignore calls from mayors who had fallen out of favor.
It all began in 1997, when Mr. Woodward picked up a worn copy of the 1928 book “ The Gangs of New York: An Informal History of the Underworld ,” by Herbert Asbury.
The rout was on, and Whitley was gone early in the bottom of the fourth.
“Paternalistic dictatorship won’t work anymore,” he said.
One other forum member who obviously knew the answer was Eugene Salamin , who, to my knowledge, was first to pose and solve this problem here , pages 6 and 7.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
Domestic rivals, too, are a factor.
Taxi drivers who once thrived on commissions from brothels are grappling with shrinking wallets.
“Whatever you’re mashing or grinding could potentially jump out,” he said.
In the 1992 Summer Olympics, most eyes were on the Dream Team.
The Muppets took Manhattan in a 1984 movie .
“For the first 30 years I lived here, the botanical gardens were like my backyard,” she said.
But there is much to celebrate in the work, and a long streak of the improbable in the life.
Mr. Cassell said this was the only sensible approach and the only one faithful to the words of the 1994 law.
He was posted in South Yemen, in Beirut, in Tehran, in Kuwait.
Starbucks on Thursday reported that quarterly sales at established stores in its Americas region increased, but they fell short of analysts’ expectations.
At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., with an 11:30 set on Friday and Saturday, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, 212-576-2232, jazzstandard.net; $25 and $30.
AS the 2014-15 television upfront week continued on Tuesday, the presentations ran the gamut from A, for ABC, to U, for Univision, with some notable crossovers in between.
“I regard the spending cuts of the last several years as just mad,” said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Also on the Minute, Ras Baraka is Newark’s new Mayor and an acclaimed Swedish director is found dead.
Hundreds more doctors and nurses are needed from elsewhere to care for the ailing.
“Altogether, 90 percent of all college graduates end up with a decent job in Japan,” he added.
Mr. Benbow said his first bee-related memory happened in that garden.
The Animation Art of Chuck Jones’ (through Jan. 19) The work of the artist and animation director Chuck Jones, who died in 2002 at 89, is on display, including over 20 of his animated films as well as sketches, drawings, storyboards, animation cels and photographs.
Two more sure things: anything by Alan Furst, who has yet to write an unalluring spy novel and whose latest, “ Midnight in Europe ,” has the novelty of beginning in New York in 1937.
If I could rework the grid now I might try putting DOMINATRIX in a different position just to see if the fill would be cleaner.
Perhaps another benefit will come of the Rodriguez banishment.
Despite the demise of Intrade, these markets remain extremely active, and over at Betfair , bettors rated the chances of a No vote at around 80 percent, an estimate that remained remarkably stable over the past week, fluctuating by only a few points.
Traditional (Musical) Moment A very busy salute to the wonders of hot cocoa, featuring leaping waiters parading through the children’s car.
Also, joints like to be lubricated.
“Leading Chinese philanthropist teams up with famous American charities to host charity luncheon for 1,000 poor and destitute Americans,” the ad said.
Wines, for those who want them, are poured generously.
The clothes have their own mind about how they should move in the world, irrespective of the body beneath them.
It’s a very hard question.
Amid a conflict that has killed more than 180,000 people and created nearly three million refugees, it is a reminder that its reach extends even into the American suburbs.
A photograph taken by Martin Smith, a journalist and filmmaker, shows Mr. Cohen and Mr. Gagosian seated behind Jeff Hornacek, the Suns coach.
They pitched it as, “We know you can pull off this level of crazy.” And I said thank you.
“She went from childhood to middle age.” The couple met at Virginia Theological Seminary and College (now Virginia University of Lynchburg), a historically black institution.
“We just talked, and he was adamant that this is the best he’s felt after a start in a long time, which is great news,” Matheny said.
This excellent company from Toronto, which the Joyce Theater is presenting off-site at Lincoln Center, brings the big-budget ballet to New York for the first time.
Most of all, he is known for winning.
A dead fish laid out on granite provides a memento mori.
The firm is responsible for work on the island’s historic sites, including Hauteville House, where Victor Hugo lived for 15 years during his political exile from France.
If the fight for Senate control remains as close as it is today, even the typical modest errors of the last few cycles could easily lead the aggregators and models to miss on the overall control of the Senate.
Bouchard became Canada’s first Grand Slam finalist.
A fourth paper, The Daily Mirror, closed in 1963.
“He’s not even a third-rate scientist.” Another email included a photographic collage showing Dr. Christy and other scientists who question the extent of global warming, some stranded on a tiny ice floe labeled “North Pole” and others buoyed in the sea by a life jacket and a yellow rubber ducky.
The Aggies upset the Gamecocks, 52-28.
The Rangers’ top penalty-killing forward is Brian Boyle, who has been on the ice for 6 minutes 40 seconds of the 14:09 that the team has been short-handed in the Flyers series.
FIDE is more than a president, it’s a huge organization.
Boko Haram’s chief in a video today said the kidnapped schoolgirls would be held until all jailed members of his group were freed, the BBC reported .
In the view of Mr. Davis and Mr. Haltiwanger, the recession just made a bad situation worse.
Now your bar stands out.
Washington won a playoff series for the first time since 2005 and a second-round game for the first time since 1982.
“We were talking about unions,” he recalls.
“It’s not a fair expectation that all special education students would be able to compare equally with their counterparts,” he added.
■ Matt Hagan’s Funny Car entry exploded in flames Sunday as he crossed the finish line in a National Hot Rod Association national event at Maple Grove Raceway in Pennsylvania.
Fin tries to warn New York about the coming storm.
And pressure on corporate leaders to address large pay disparities because it would help their business perform more effectively can be persuasive.
As detailed on its Help site , Facebook has now added an editing tool.
Contemporary fiber art has a history of being set apart from — and by implication beneath — painting and sculpture.
That suggests that poverty makes people unwell, and that meaningful intervention is relatively simple.
“I was really happy when the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration bill,” he said, adding that he had spent more than a year providing “Republicans the space to act and showed not only great patience but flexibility.” “Ultimately it wasn’t forthcoming,” he said.
She has also proven a sensitive and thoughtful artist.
“Our engines are revving a little bit louder.” But it soured from there.
Before a second, far more successful takeoff , Defense Minister José Pedro Aguiar-Branco told reporters at the Lisbon Navy Base that the crash, which was apparently caused by the craft’s hitting the shoulder of the marine who tossed it into the air, just bolstered his case that the government needs to invest in training for the military.
“You did embarrass this community,” Judge Whitney told Mr. Cannon before changing the conditions of his bond to house arrest.
In fact, these factors are interwoven like the fingers of clasped hands.
: You might find yourself closer to operating scissors or a flapping jaw.
A. Jinnah,” Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who would become the founder of Pakistan.
“We are committed to following Apple’s supplier code of conduct and will investigate thoroughly.” In response to previous allegations of poor working conditions at suppliers’ factories, Apple, based in Cupertino, Calif., has placed a greater focus in recent years on auditing its sprawling global network of suppliers.
“I really feel it is the end of an era,” said Mary Hall, who blogs about bargains at The Recessionista .
And anything by Liane Moriarty, if just circumstantially.
In one publicized incident, he angrily slammed his hand against a wall in the newsroom.
His shots may include a deckhand climbing up the “pigeonhole” handles on the side of a tall barge.
Walker’s immediate predecessor, John F. Hylan, acquitted himself more productively but also felt fully entitled to diversion.
And the Michigan Tech Huskies are winning again, at last.
In the 1994 Democratic primary for mayor, he defeated Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly, who had been unable in her single term to turn the city around, and several other candidates.
It remains to be seen how firm Mr. Boehner’s grip will be over the incoming class.
The interaction between characters is not always pleasant.
This palimpsest effect brings vibrantly new existence to a work that might have seemed to have passed its sell-by date.
Police said they had argued earlier in the evening.
Not a great track record there.
During the “Downtown & Waterfront” tour given by TourGuys.ca, I felt the most pointed loss of control yet: When two guides appeared and asked the group to divide up, my parents made the call to go with Sahil, who seemed the more personable option.
He is using a walker, but he can drive.
But locals aren’t exactly thrilled with the idea, which may not even be legal.
We rigorously test our products to make sure they are safe for all our customers,” he said.
Jorgensen Center for the Performing Arts, 2132 Hillside Road.
On Aug. 12, Judge Scheindlin issued her decision finding constitutional violations in the department’s practice and what she called a “policy of indirect racial profiling,” and she ordered the appointment of a monitor and other remedies.
A landmark 2012 study found that many high-achieving, low-income students do not apply to selective colleges because they consider them unaffordable.
The response from the museum was immediate, though accidental: Clifford Chanin, the education director, inadvertently sent the group an email intended solely for the museum’s senior directors, indicating he was not overly concerned.
Maybe everyone is just too busy calling out the N.F.L.
But against the N.F.L.’s stingiest defense, Dalton threw a 53-yard pass to Mohamed Sanu on third-and-10 — safety Terrence Brooks was turned around — and took it the final yard on fourth down, completing a 10-play, 80-yard drive.
“This is not some game so that people can go and, for example, test the ocean,” Mr. Abercrombie said.
“They say its cold out here,” he said.
Under her direction, “Youth” becomes more explosively physical than I recalled it, a ballet of gracefully clumsy collisions.
( CNS News ) ■ Danbury Mint, the company that has been producing 1:24-scale die-cast models of classic cars since 1969, announced this week that it would no longer make the detailed replicas.
Reservations for the concerts, which begin at 8 each night, can be made starting on Friday; tickets will then be distributed first come first serve on the day of the show.
After university, he served as an aide to a top military official.
Van Persie is the prolific goal scorer every great team requires, and though van Gaal did not start him when he took over the Dutch national team in 2012, he has long since changed his lineup.
It’s also possible that we’ll go to Asia instead–perhaps Burma or Bangladesh or both.
Several candidates who ran in the last election have declined to compete, dismissing the exercise as pointless.
Mr. Olch, 37, was not someone you might expect to tiptoe into the world of what used to be called “men’s furnishings.” He is a native New Yorker, then not long out of Harvard, with a crest of shoulder-length red hair and an itch to make films.
(Laurel Graeber) ‘The Invisible Hand’ Ayad Akhtar’s latest drama, about the dark connections between money and terrorism, finds an American banker held hostage by Islamic militants in Pakistan.
By embracing technology to make small-business lending more efficient and profitable, the alternative lenders have opened opportunities for businesses.
While Wolff was in Allied custody, he was permitted to take a yacht trip, spend time with his family and carry a gun.
The United Nations tribunal report provides ominous evidence of it, and Australia has accepted the court’s jurisdiction.
In addition to some Republican lawmakers, the American Legion, one of the most influential veterans groups, has demanded that he step down.
Other debt securities are certainly part of the picture.
Orton said his goal was to coach.
The conclusion that graduation rates are affected by inequality at the bottom, which has remained roughly constant over the last few decades, is consistent with the research by Raj Chetty of Harvard and colleagues, who found that rates of income mobility across generations have remained extremely stable even as inequality at the top has soared.
The dish comes with garlic- and cream-cheese mashed potatoes and cocoa-infused slaw.
BRONX Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance The Boogie Down Dance Series, performances and workshops.
But increasingly, the notion that Americans (especially young ones) are beset with an incurable case of self-regard is looking less supportable.
The Fifth Circuit opinion exposes the flaw in that reasoning, both of fact and logic.
Museum hours: Tuesdays through Sundays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., 65 Jumel Terrace, Washington Heights, 212-923-8008, morrisjumel.org; $5, $4 for 65+ and students, free for children under 12 and members.
Among his qualities that have most impressed the Mets is how calm he appears under pressure.
As school districts have placed more police officers on campuses, criminal charges against children have drastically increased , a trend that has alarmed civil rights groups and others concerned about the safety and educational welfare of public-school students.
Micaëla was sung radiantly by the Canadian soprano Joyce El-Khoury .
It is perfect for men who travel frequently.” The box is crafted from leopardwood and includes six interchangeable colors of cuff links: rock crystal, lapis, malachite, onyx, leopardwood and either white or yellow gold.
“He lifts all of us.
As further support — and drawing on a theme popularized by Shakespeare in “Henry VI” — those doubting the effectiveness of corporate apologies blame the involvement of lawyers for this rash of “insincere” apologies.
A league spokesman said the N.B.A.
Phatlum, winless on the L.P.G.A.
I’m not offended that she asks me.
leaders think that even if Brown can’t win, he will force Democrats to spend a bunch of money in New Hampshire and curtail what they can spend in other more crucial races like Colorado, Alaska, Montana, Louisiana, Arkansas, North Carolina and Michigan.
“For the most part, I felt pretty solid,” Mason said.
Insurers and government officials are taking steps to reduce confusion.
The groom, 28, is a stock trader at Trillium Trading, a hedge fund in New York.
After the first contest, which began in March last year, I Do Now I Don’t had 30 additional items listed for sale on the site.
Comparable sales at Kmart increased 0.5 percent, up from a decrease of 2.1 percent last year.
Darvish (10-7) allowed nine hits and six runs, five earned, in four-plus innings in his second-shortest start of the season.
Even so, Kestin’s image of Beirut families in apartment buildings gathered around shimmering big-screen TV’s — “the Westernized equivalent of the Bedouin fire pit” — will stay with you.
I’ve spoken to groups from Amnesty International, and I’ve confessed everything to a lawyer from the Department of Justice and two agents from the Army’s Criminal Investigation Command.
These procedures, which were put into place just after Ms. Pilon’s graduation, include attempts at email contact as well.
It is rare in television that a show will have a sizable margin in total viewers, win in the 18-to-49 group, and yet lose in the 25-to-54 group.
Attempts at nondemocratic government systems largely flopped.
How are you?” Klinsmann looked up.
To be clear, not all of this happened when Mr. Cote was on the board — some of it goes way back — but it all surfaced while he was a member of the board’s risk committee, which neglected its responsibilities to investigate, correct and prevent such risks.
As for Mr. Rickson, after watching several Jackman movies like the 2013 kidnapping thriller “Prisoners,” he said he was drawn “to Hugh’s very big maleness and also that he could be kind of poetic.” “If we had Sandra Bullock and Michelle Pfeiffer as well, that star wattage would buckle the play,” Mr. Rickson said.
“I don’t think it will backfire,” said Jerry Henry, director of Georgia Carry , one of the main local groups that promoted the bill.
Both buildings are open to the public; for a free tour of the mammoth convention center, reserve online well in advance.
How could a different path have been worse?
Mothers of children with neural tube defects reported more use of opioids early in their pregnancies — 3.9 percent — than mothers of children without such congenital defects — 1.6 percent.
But it is never wise to completely rule the Yankees out, even in a new baseball world.
Site managers, they said, have a vast amount of material to move, including crushed vehicles and downed and splintered trees.
Spending time with its devices, as I did recently, offers a peek into Amazon’s otherwise opaque soul .
Both teams have one loss and are tied atop the Big 12 with Kansas State, which lost to Auburn earlier in the season.
The turbulence broke a period of calm and light trading.
“It was swinging a lot my way, and I just wanted to be aggressive getting to the basket, not just scoring but making other opportunities for other players.” Anderson said Blatche took Wednesday’s loss hard.
That’s affirmed by the Macan’s robust sales, which Porsche describes as “supply limited.” The Cayenne is the brand’s best seller, so it makes sense that a smaller offshoot would find plenty of takers.
Sharapova botched three match points earlier in the third set, as momentum swung in Knapp’s direction.
“People say, ‘I agree with you, good luck in running.
Mr. Martoma believes that he is innocent of the insider-trading charges.
The White House on Tuesday protested a decision by Saudi Arabia to deny a visa to a Washington-based reporter for an Israeli newspaper who planned to cover President Obama’s trip to the Arab kingdom this week.
He supported himself in the late ’60s and ’70s by producing handmade leather fetish wear, both for private customers and for sale at stores like the Pleasure Chest, an adult sex-toy shop in the West Village.
A revenue-neutral carbon tax, with proceeds returned to households, would stimulate local economies while spurring new investments toward a new energy future.
Well, there, late in Part 7, are images of Eleanor Roosevelt sitting down with John Kennedy after his election as president.
The widening epidemic of Ebola in West Africa looks worse with each passing day.
“But no one seems to be taking advantage of it.” Tuesday was beginning to warm up in many places, and by the end of the week, said David Cox, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Jackson, Miss., the temperature in some areas is expected to return to the 60s, which in much of the South is considered civilized winter weather.
FANTASY CAST Emilia Clarke (Daenerys Targaryen on “Game of Thrones”) as Jo.
If the Metropolitan Transportation Authority thought it would rubber-stamp a proposed cut in toll rates for the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, Richard Ravitch had other ideas.
But by 2004, the Nets were sold to Mr. Ratner, the Devils were acquired by Jeffrey Vanderbeek, and YankeeNets was dissolved.
His mother is the chairwoman of the Reading Reform Foundation of New York, a literacy organization in Manhattan for teachers and children.
Walter says that the war has left its mark, that “the past deforms our inner being.” Liese urges him to move on, to forget.
Hutton, who gave up the two goals to the Devils, stopped Michael Ryder on a breakaway 80 seconds into overtime to keep the game tied.
They were quick to note that the disclaimer on the mailing identified it as paid for by Americans for Prosperity and gave the address of the national headquarters in Northern Virginia.
sensibility — “News from the edge” is the tagline for its 30-minute weekly program on HBO — and, above all, the connection it has established with its core audience of young men.
Labor historians are divided over which side prevailed.
And near the city’s historic neighborhoods, chockablock with houses in Arts and Crafts or storybook style, rejuvenated commercial areas like the Plaza District offer residents locally made goods and trendy “beer cocktails.” “Everything is here; everything is coming here,” said Aasim Saleh, 30, who moved from Seattle to coach kayaking in the Boathouse District, where construction of a new white-water center is planned for this fall.
's mission and key priorities.” He added that making deposits under $10,000 to evade reporting requirements, called structuring, is still a crime whether the money is from legal or illegal sources.
The jail log had him leaving the clinic at 5:45 p.m. on Jan. 11 and being admitted to Elmhurst Hospital Center at 2:47 a.m. on Jan. 12, according to investigators.
He barely qualified for this event — he was ranked 100th and the field accommodated 100 players — and stood at one under after 36 holes.
The question becomes how governments will monitor transactions in virtual currencies to protect owners.
“With scientists, we never say anything is 100 percent certain one way or another,” Dr. Suzuki said.
“It’s hard to have privacy, it’s hard to have quiet,” he said.
Beginning around December, true believers can spring for the $1,495 Performance Package, with stronger brakes, an electronic limited-slip differential and 10 more horsepower.
St. Louis remains the class of the National League Central, but Pittsburgh and Cincinnati, the wild-card teams from the division, did little to improve.
While leaving the tax charges intact, the High Court of Palma, on the Mediterranean island of Majorca, agreed to drop the more serious money laundering charges that were also filed against her in June, making it possible that the princess could settle the case by paying back taxes.
When Paul Pierce and Mirza Teletovic are left unguarded, it is a sign that the defense is scrambling to deal with the Nets’ practice of spreading the court around one big man inside.
STAMFORD Loft Artists Association “Paper and Stone,” Sary Backer and Ellen Gordon.
A matchup against the Buccaneers (10.5 F.P.P.G.)
Bats on their way to extinction line up to jump off a cliff like lemmings.
He received a United States patent last year, and “a number of companies have approached us,” he said.
But that project will take several years at its current pace.
British, French and American diplomats led the push for the sanctions.
Andrew M. Cuomo and Lt. Governor-elect Kathy Hochul celebrated their win in New York.
“I’m the only guy there without a tattoo, without the twirly mustache,” he said recently over a glass of prosecco.
It comes from two articles: the Travel piece “Athens: Hiking Above the City” and the writing that accompanies the slide show “Female in Gaza.” I saw the girl near bouquets of snapdragons, Playing in the spring sun.
When their download went awry, the Ashland friend delayed surefire gratification for several hours in order to sync-watch with the Portland party.
He belonged to a military simulation unit in which he role-played as a Serbian soldier.
The building was beautiful from the exterior and failed in its mission as a museum.
“One morning a boy came to class three months late,” Ms. Kaufman wrote in 1991, in her introduction to a new edition of “Up the Down Staircase.” “I greeted him with a feeble joke: ‘Welcome back!
In addition, the department announced antisubsidy duties of 27.64 percent to 49.79 percent for Chinese modules.
“When I see men treat each other as they do, I see nothing but base flattery, injustice, treachery, selfishness and deceit.” Those words are heard more than once in “Bicycling With Molière,” the French director Philippe Le Guay’s witty contemporary deconstruction of Molière’s 17th-century comedy “The Misanthrope.” As two actors of opposite temperaments discuss a possible collaboration on a new production of the play, their arguments about interpretation become part of a sneaky power game in which each tries to get the better of the other.
But as she promised, it did bring options to light.
The New York City Economic Development Corporation reported in 2012 that fashion week contributed $850 million a year to the local economy — about twice the economic impact of the 2014 Super Bowl, held near New York City in East Rutherford, N.J. New York is also the biggest hit online.
Because octopuses can swim, crawl and manipulate objects, they make “the ideal underwater robot,” said Francesco Giorgio-Serchi, a scientist at the Research Center on Sea Technologies and Marine Robotics here, who is working on the project.
Mr. Morris was accused of being a member of the I.R.A.
NEWARK Prudential Center “Walking With Dinosaurs, the Arena Spectacular,” a theatrical event featuring 20 life-size electronic dinosaur puppets.
But the leader of its delegation cautioned that Ukraine would return home immediately if the conflict in Crimea intensified.
He estimated that in Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, 70 percent of the population of nearly 1.2 million had been affected by the floods.
But the F.C.C.’s plan was poorly received by the agency’s two Republican commissioners.
I may never, unless I can figure out a way to erase my memory before each listening, so that the thrill of discovery reasserts itself.
The couple had two kids, ages 6 months and 22 months, asleep in their separate rooms.
They must also have been reckoned to have had a touch of the greatness that inspires rapture, shock and derision.
Not knowing how to design spaces, I enlisted Paolo Cattaneo, an architect with a deep knowledge of art history who has done beautiful homes in Turin and Tuscany, to help me instill the classical but comfortable character I desired.
He is backed by many of the sport’s premier owners, allowing him to take tremendous spending power to horse sales.
There will be more evidence, as well, in coming years.
In the fevered hours following Seattle’s scrimmage with the hapless Denver Broncos, the Seahawks’ coach, Pete Carroll, urged everyone on his team to freeze the feeling and lock it away.
“Beijing has increasingly adopted a national security perspective towards Hong Kong issues,” said Mr. Fong, the former city official.
As the services released details of their medical efforts, Phillip Carter, an Iraq war veteran who leads the veterans’ research program at the Center for a New American Security, said it was not clear the outreach would be sufficient.
Instead, he was to go to a nursing home for rehabilitation.
The second promises to lull users to sleep with music, hypnosis or guided meditation.
The site of the fatal crash is in an industrial area near the Bowery Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant.
Just over all, I felt that I used the wind a little bit better to my advantage.” Cilic’s serve peaked at 132 miles per hour, as strong as Berdych’s and far more effective.
A Chicago filmmaker (Mr. Swanberg), his novelist wife (Melanie Lynskey) and their 2-year-old boy find their lives disrupted when the filmmaker’s little sister (Anna Kendrick) moves in.
In other ways, though, the election seemed to be unfolding well so far.
Unlike the Avon case in which no individuals were charged, three former Alstom officials have pleaded guilty to conspiring to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
The rules are supposed to become final by next summer, and experts anticipate that legal challenges will soon follow.
‘Messiah’ Sing-Along or Listen,” Cappella Cantorum Masterworks Chorus.
Each team will play the other clubs in its group once, and the group winners will meet in the final at SunLife Stadium outside Miami on Aug. 4.
The project was the most costly of all the Le Corbusier villas of the 1920s and ’30s — the architect himself compared it to a palace.
It’s recognizably him, with the same strategy of dissonance as in “The More You Ignore Me”: a love song that isn’t.
A second test in December found several more mutations but did not lead to a clear choice of treatments.
(Dargis) ‘Magic in the Moonlight’ (PG-13, 1:38) Woody Allen’s 44th film reprises concerns that will be familiar to viewers of the previous 43 — the debate between faith and reason, the mutual attraction of charming young women and grumpy middle-aged men — with a notable lack of energy and conviction.
The report, written by the private counsel to the committee, notes that its investigation has been significantly hindered by that lack of cooperation and a continuing federal investigation.
But when Brazil’s fast-paced economy got stuck last year, concerns about the environment dropped down the priority list.
Winning that division would seem especially critical because, for now, the second wild-card team is the Seattle Mariners.
What it wants us to believe, most of all, is that despite all the ugliness and exploitation in the world of entertainment, the bond between artist and audience is a real and sustaining form of love in its own right.
The Grand Slam champion Alice Marble marveled at Brough’s twist serve and its topspin, which overwhelmed her opponents.
For Ms. Avakian, who represented public companies, corporate boards and individual employees at WilmerHale, the S.E.C.
It is also more difficult to represent artistically or to correct politically, because it is a commonplace inequality opposing broad segments of the population rather than pitting a small elite against the rest of society.
Since his rise to the top of the Communist Party in late 2012, Mr. Xi has been preoccupied with consolidating power and setting out an ambitious plan to reform the economy, while launching an internal anticorruption campaign and managing deteriorating relations with Japan.
DealBook » Merger Boom Doesn’t Benefit Main Street, El-Erian Says | Mergers and acquisitions have yet to have a positive impact on the broader economy, Mohamed A. El-Erian, the former chief of Pimco, writes in a column in Bloomberg View.
The Flyers have less mobile defensemen.
Gay said that the mother, 47, had received psychiatric counseling in the past and had been accused by the police earlier this year of abandoning her 15-year-old son.
When a commission was set up to look for solutions to the multiemployer problem — one that included representatives of pension plans, unions and employers — it started from the assumption that no government money would be available.
Irvington Town Hall Theater, 85 Main Street.
He said the provocateurs had moved over to “soft” attacks on easy targets, often with little relation to the settlement outposts, because they achieved the same effects with minimal risk.
Representatives from the two federal agencies recently met with lawyers in Mr. Schneiderman’s office to discuss the investigation and are still deciding whether to pursue the matter in a criminal or civil court, said another person briefed on the matter but not authorized to discuss it.
A blood sample that a hospital happened to keep also contained cyanide.
You be the judge Design can be excellent or really bad.
François Libner, whose company in St.-Maixent-l'École, France, manufactures delivery truck bodies, said the bank loans he received in 2012 enabled him to develop new technologies, including an electric mini-truck that makes deliveries easier in narrow French streets.
Even so, Rob Manfred, who was chosen Thursday as the successor to Commissioner Bud Selig, could have at least played to the idea that he represents the fans.
“This is the Two Zero (20th Precinct).
Her uncle, Donald E. Graham, was the chairman of The Post before selling to Mr. Bezos, and it was expected that Mr. Bezos would bring in his own publisher to oversee the paper’s business operations.
Ten years pass suddenly — while telling us the story, the performers move pointedly around the large white square of carpet that is the set — and J., as the narrator calls herself, is 17 and going out on a date.
What do you drink most often at home?
Statutes and guidelines should be rewritten so that profit thresholds replace narcotic weight thresholds.
That bunched the field for a sprint to the finish.
The newspaper Le Figaro, citing an anonymous government official, has reported that police officers are under orders to shoot down any aircraft that could threaten the plants.
It also won in 2012.
She has also become something of a minor celebrity in her local yoga community, appearing at charity events including the Children Mending Hearts benefit in Los Angeles and Uplift Yoga Bash in Orange County.
Together, they create a comic book inspired by the class bullies, whom they call the Neanderthals.
The irony was that if there is any team that does not need technological enhancement to put the ball in the net, it is City.
“It is practically impossible to go through the area with boats,” he said of parts of Srinagar.
Hartley could also draw a fine for his starting lineup Saturday.
On Thursday, the company is introducing two chairs by Stephen Burks, a New Yorker, that riff on consumer tastes in different parts of the world.
As doctors and nurses there worked to keep desperately ill patients alive in August, the company that hauled medical trash to the incinerator refused to take anything used on an Ebola patient unless it was sterilized first.
(It was the end of a two-night run.)
It can appeal the decision to the Supreme Court.
The system would know if a driver was being distracted or falling asleep at the wheel.
Now, as Jeter has announced he will retire at season’s end at age 40, Wright is acutely aware of his own place in baseball history.
A player suspected of having a concussion, or clinically determined to have one, is not allowed to conduct news media interviews afterward and is instructed to avoid physical and mental activity.
“We thought we’d be able to send it back to Thomas Lyte” — the British company that fabricated it — “and they shaved like five pounds off.
So what, exactly, are we so afraid of?
Mr. Samaras has already pledged to return around two-thirds of a €2.5 billion primary surplus — which does not count debt payments — to the hardest-hit Greeks before the elections.
That is what happened on Star Trek.
When we’re around each other as much as we are, they’re looking to see if a guy’s going to back off when things don’t go well.
Sylvain Cypel, a former correspondent for Le Monde, is the author of “Walled: Israeli Society at an Impasse.” This essay was translated by Edward Gauvin from the French.
The merger still faces federal antitrust scrutiny and public hostility.
That House budget never gained much support among Senate Republicans.
While the theatrical landscape is littered with unproduced musicals, completed shows with a creative team this illustrious usually see the light of day at least once.
20 Photos View Slide Show › Their fans can pass the time hailing elements that escorted Seattle to this point, and that appeared again on Sunday: the audacity of Carroll, the snarl of a defense that forced turnovers on San Francisco’s final three possessions and the sense of occasion by Richard Sherman.
When I do, I use an oil cleanser by Origins and a Chanel eye-makeup remover.
He took several short international trips, but for business, not leisure, and as a billionaire, he was able to personally cover the expense of his security and aides’ travel.
But just 44.6 percent of the children, ages 40 to 60, thought they would get one.
Packing the glass for shipping to Corning, Ms. Steppa said, took experts a week to complete.
That principle was first laid down by Teddy Roosevelt in 1903, when he delivered a speech on the South Rim of the canyon.
is home in Wilmington, Del.
It was evident again in her Thursday debut as the MacDonald of Sleat lead in Balanchine’s “Union Jack,” though its dynamic contrasts should be yet more pronounced.
Others see the deal’s structure as a strength, arguing that it makes sense to let each country decide how to achieve its own emissions cuts under a simpler regulatory structure.
While the wheel was the star, the spaghetti itself, bathed in olive oil and polka-dotted with Gaeta olives and cherry tomatoes, was a simple dish expertly prepared.
And Microsoft likes the game so much that the tech giant wants to buy Minecraft’s parent company for more than $2 billion.
That track’s whimsical, vaudevillian video is worth viewing.
The jury also heard a recording of a Manhattan restaurant meeting in which Mr. Stern gave $7,500, largely in $100 bills, to Daniel J. Halloran III, the Republican city councilman who was to serve as the go-between with the Republican county leaders.
Ukraine’s presidential election was a positive step.
But this won’t work without concerted efforts to tackle the lack of opportunity that forced them into the hands of the trafficking gangs in the first place.
“It’s great for awareness,” said Jake Burton, the founder of the company.
Mr. Mattox built a reputation as a rough-and-tumble campaigner when he ran for each of his three terms in Congress and brought that reputation to his 1982 race for attorney general.
A DC-10 airplane roars overhead.
Maybe that scandal makes it easier to forgive Mr. Weinstein’s mere missteps in the transit arena.
Their rapport seems likely to maximize the potential for chamberlike sensitivity and a brisk sense of play.
Bacher takes us on a visit to Whistler in the sweeping, boat-filled “View From Whistler’s Window,” a tangle of masts, water and roiling clouds.
This notion pervades commentary and debate on the presidency.
What other changes have you made as C.E.O.?
Some Sunnis so feared their own government that they accepted ISIS as the lesser of two evils.
Halperin : You hear that from people across the political spectrum.
To the Editor: Re “ Income Inequality and the Ills Behind It ” (Economic Scene column, July 30): Eduardo Porter poses a provocative question: “Is it time to stop obsessing about inequality?” It is not, but the debate must focus on the inequality that matters.
stripped Oregon, his former team, of a scholarship for two seasons and placed the program on probation for three years for violations committed when he coached the Ducks.
MORRISTOWN Morris Museum “Portrait of An Athlete: Special Olympics of New Jersey and United States Paralympics,” photographs by Pete Byron.
Blacks, most potently Carmichael, viewed the proceedings as an enormous betrayal of the very ideal — one person, one vote — that they had gambled their lives on in Mississippi.
“I think after the 2012 election the Tea Party is really finding its own identity,” said Judd Saul, a filmmaker from Cedar Falls, Iowa, who was there to promote his new film about the Internal Revenue Service, “Unfair.” “The Tea Party will be coming back with a vengeance,” he added.
So she and her daughter split the parental duties.
“There have been fewer days when I’ve come out of my apartment and felt like I was swimming,” Ms. Zinnel said.
First, a majority of Americans say that global warming is indeed happening, and the numbers have held relatively steady since the mid-2000s.
On the advice of his doctors, Mr. Frühbeck announced his retirement a week ago.
Even in urban areas outside the crowded camps, many women who are widowed or without their husbands, who stayed in Syria to fight, report being sexually harassed or living in fear that men will prey on them.
But according to the deal, if more than half of any one of the groups rejected the proposal, the settlement process would end and the original lawsuits would proceed.
(Burke) ★ Downtown Dance Festival (Sunday through Thursday) This festival, now in its 33rd year, takes place on an outdoor stage at the tip of Manhattan so you don’t have to sacrifice a summer sunset.
Ms. Goodman acknowledged that Mr.
Ms. Davis said she spent $24,650 to buy a single 30-second ad sometime during N.F.L.
“We show a more complex picture.” One group that appears to have been pleased by both “Omar” and “Bethlehem” was Israel’s intelligence experts.
Mr. Rutherfoord considered looking for affordable land on which to build a safari lodge in Zambia, Mozambique or Malawi, but Mrs. Rutherfoord’s marketing instincts led them to the Western Cape, the region in the southwestern corner of South Africa that includes the Garden Route, a popular tourist destination and vacation home area.
Both Ms. Coakley and Ms. Kayyem said it was a positive to have more than one woman in the race, and each played down gender.
To determine that, one would need to know the amount of profits already taxed overseas.
United Nations members voted decisively on Tuesday for a groundbreaking resolution that condemns North Korea for human rights abuses and for the first time recommends the prosecution of its leaders for crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court .
I don’t remember her ever hugging me or saying she loved me.
“It’s amazing that we’re not talking about the draft,” said VanHouten, 28, of Wooster, Ohio, a law student at Ohio State.
“I don’t think he could do anything that would shock me.” With the Orioles leading, 2-0, entering the ninth, Tigers designated hitter Victor Martinez doubled off Zach Britton, and J. D. Martinez followed with another double to make the score 2-1.
IVORYTON Ivoryton Playhouse “All Shook Up,” musical by Joe DiPietro.
Around the same time, a religious seminary in Karachi issued a fatwa against Dr. Auj, accusing him of blasphemy and calling for his death.
Isaac’s story is not just a story about exile and loss, but about how individuals define themselves by their dreams, their choices, the place or places they call home.
This complements other studies, which have shown among other things that the number of so-called welfare tourists is vanishingly small and that European Union immigrants pay more in taxes than the value of public goods and services they receive, unlike the native population.
The answers fit into three broad categories: the good, the bad and the ugly.
Aug. 15 at 8 p.m. $30 to $50.
“Penguins of Madagascar” promises a reasonable share of wit the minute it opens with a voice-over by Werner Herzog, in a sendup of his documentary on Antarctica, “Encounters at the End of the World.” That film posed the question of whether penguins could exhibit insanity.
Feb. 27 at 7 p.m. Free.
But lawmakers did not give up.
Thirty-six percent of Republicans think voter impersonation affects a few thousand or more votes, compared with 20 percent of independents and just 7 percent of Democrats.
By that point, Jodorowsky was swimming in offers, and he found his next project in a cinematic version of Frank Herbert’s sci-fi novel “Dune.” (Jodorowsky hadn’t read the book, but a friend had told him it was great.)
“That knock is the knock on bad prosecutors,” he said.
They represent a marvelous variety of styles and influences, including Art Nouveau, Arts and Crafts, classic Chinese traditions and European folk art.
It is too early to talk about the exact route.
“When you’re really going, everything you see feeds into your grinder,” Mr. Wright said.
BLUE JACKETS SIGN WENNBERG Columbus signed center Alexander Wennberg to a three-year, entry-level contract.
Was the root cause a French nanny?
“But we still have the exact same challenge we had in the golden age of piracy, which is, how do you compete with free?” Online subscription services like Spotify have grown quickly, with 28 million subscribers around the world last year, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.
Fourteen clusters of piles are visible on the Rockland side and even more on the Westchester side, following the eventual path of the bridge.
estimate by two-tenths of a percentage point to a 4.4 percent rate later this month.
“Where would I get that kind of money?” “I couldn’t afford it even if it was 1,000 renminbi,” he added.
In Hinds County’s 25 most heavily Democratic precincts, where Mr. Obama won a combined 99.3 percent of the vote, Mr. Cochran picked up a net 1,414 votes, representing about a fifth of Mr. Cochran’s statewide margin of victory and dwarfing the 121 votes won by Mitt Romney in the same precincts in 2012.
On Friday, Klinsmann expressed confidence in his young backs.
Something like that should happen — and fast.
The temperature reached 88 degrees on Monday in Ridgefield, which is on the Connecticut border with New York State.
“AOL’s story is that it is building this marvelous ad technology stack that will be profitable, but it provides precious little evidence quarter to quarter that this is actually happening.” Mr. Armstrong said Wall Street was not seeing the “silver lining” in the earnings numbers.
“They took part in illegal religious activities, watched and listened to terrorist violence video and audio materials,” the national broadcaster, CCTV, said on its website.
When the person stops using smokeless tobacco, it is akin to taking the pillows away.
Ms. Huynh, who works out of Paris, conceived of this piece in two parts, according to a program note: “as a film in which soundtrack and image are separate from each other and offered to the spectator one after the other.” That information proved useful but puzzling on Thursday during the United States premiere, a presentation of Danspace Project and Danse : A French-American Festival of Performance and Ideas.
avoid taking nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like aspirin, ibuprofen and naproxen, which block the action of protective substances in the gut and can cause ulcers in the lower intestine and the stomach.
At one point in Rio, protesters marched alongside soccer fans on Copacabana beach who were singing the national anthem.
“One boat affects close to 1,000 households nationwide.
She sometimes runs into them, hunched over their laptops.
Ducks Coach Bruce Boudreau, though, said: “It was deliberate.
A family spokeswoman, Nancy Willen, said he died of pulmonary cardiac arrest at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
Whether or not something from Seger-Aldean makes your personal list, the episode is more evidence of the fabulous archive that “Crossroads” has built of great, familiar songs given new, memorable interpretations.
Unfortunately, they seem more intent on satisfying the conspiracy theorists than in getting the best data possible.
for assistance, relying instead on her faith and support from the community.
Republicans consider it a modest step.
Mr. Cairo explained that he had still had some money left in the center’s social welfare budget to help with the project.
A rally on the National Mall in March 2010 drew tens of thousands of protesters from around the country.
That was enough to keep it at the top of the chart for a second time, but it was the first time that an album has reached No.
Mr. Bush was less smooth with Taylor Schilling of “Orange.” “I would imagine there’s some tape going on with the dress?” he asked of her safe Zuhair Murad beige halter, referring to a cleavage-securing tool.
So doctors — especially those at large institutions with internal compliance officers — have been stripping down the walls or, as Dr. Sauer did at the Center for Women’s Reproductive Care, hiding the photos, often with a bit of sadness.
“It was in the heat of the moment,” Girardi said, adding: “I haven’t seen anything in Mike Napoli that he’s a guy that shows people up or degrades people.
For now, the most ubiquitous service in New York is FlyCleaners — its blue vans seem to pop up on every other block in Manhattan and in Brooklyn — and after a quick use of the app, it’s easy to see why.
On an artistic level, Gabriel Ruiz Cabrero, an architect who has helped restore the building, said that “this place is probably far too complex to be described by just one name.” But he welcomed the church’s efforts to promote Catholic worship because “the first rule of conservation is to maintain usage of a building.” He added, “I would prefer this to become a mosque again rather than an archaeological park, if that was the choice.” The site is a profitable and busy tourist destination, from which the Córdoba diocese took in $11.5 million last year from over one million visitors.
You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, .
Reached by phone on Wednesday at his home, Justice Rooney declined to discuss the case, his recusal or its timing, but said he had never recused himself from a case before.
“That is supposed to inject an opposites-attract sexual tension into the show, which — its biggest cliché of all — is going for ‘sultry’ (since this is the South) but doesn’t achieve it,” Neil Genzlinger wrote in The Times.
Kidd had three years left on his $10.5 million contract.
“It’s a vehicle with a poor track record, with deep concerns about its safety and performance,” said Rick Soletski, executive director of the International Association of Lemon Law Administrators , a group of American and Canadian officials that acts as an advocate for lemon programs.
The loans are held by the state-owned Irish Bank Resolution Corporation, an institution that took over the shell of the Anglo Irish Bank and is systematically selling its loans.
“For everyone who is not there, they get a chance to see what is happening,” Ms. White said.
Consider two countries riven by different kinds of conflict and ask yourself what they have in common.
While Harvey, true to his profession, doesn’t speak, he does sing.
As performed by Elder Price, “I Believe” may be a hysterically comic number.
Speech, of course, has its own subtle musicality; most of us, focusing on the words and their meanings, don’t hear it.
Sunday : Seven people were wounded in a drive-by shooting in the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco, Calif. , Sunday night.
He is honing his technique, and can now tell if the nearby Beacon Theater is hosting an event that draws a mature audience — drivers of cars with Connecticut and New Jersey plates will be trawling for spots.
“The crime debate was racialized to an important degree,” Professor Western told me.
However, Mr. Ielpi, 69, said, “I am pleased that the city is doing something in a very respectful way.
The couple now live with three children, ages 9 to 13 — one his and two hers — in the rambling old colonial that Mr. Keyes said “fits our blended family perfectly.” And while the family treasures their home’s woodsy setting, they still live close enough to their neighbors to share an impromptu barbecue.
(Isherwood) ‘Naperville’ (closes on Saturday) Five characters in a coffee shop in a Chicago suburb confront their hopes and frustrations in this lovely, well-acted play by Mat Smart, which centers on a man who returns to his hometown to care for his mother after she loses her eyesight.
The second 78 were a combined 183 over for a 74.35 average.
“Now, that doesn’t mean we’re going to quit.” Mr. Rove’s Crossroads, in part to address concerns from donors that it relied too heavily on television ads in 2012, said it had made a commitment to digital advertising this cycle.
A four-foot subfloor beneath the lower auditorium hid slaves as they made their escape.
OLD SAYBROOK The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center “National Theater Live: ‘King Lear,’ ” screening of the play starring Simon Russell Beale.
Under the rule, banks with over $700 billion in assets will have to raise their capital, measured by the leverage ratio, to 5 percent of their overall assets.
• Business executives express optimism .
This proves untrue, but because Mr. Resnais doesn’t provide the usual narrative foreshadowing and guideposts — his music doesn’t try to nudge or bully you into certain emotional states — the experience of watching it can be akin to the pleasures of solving a puzzle.
“We’ll hopefully be around for the next 50 to 75 years, if not longer.” Among the moves that the company plans to make are building more campuses and creating new teaching initiatives.
There have been runs of Strauss’s elegant “Der Rosenkavalier” and Mozart’s sublime “The Magic Flute,” as well as new productions of Verdi’s merry “Falstaff” and Johann Strauss Jr.’s frothy “Die Fledermaus.” (If you really needed death, “Tosca” and “Eugene Onegin” were there, too.)
Diller Scofidio and Renfro was hired by the museum to evaluate whether the building could be salvaged and, after six months of study, came to the same conclusion, to demolish it.
Doni Zasloff Thomas in real life, she specializes in putting a Jewish spin on all kinds of musical styles.
In all, about 80,000 Rohingya have left Myanmar by sea since then, Ms. Lewa said.
More than 10 condos there priced above $45 million were under contract at the end of 2013, two for more than $90 million.
Mr. Falls vividly remembers Mr. Nussbaum as the con artist Teach in the world premiere of Mr. Mamet’s “American Buffalo” here in 1975.
Indeed, even without his sight he can find fault with Tom: “I can smell your uniform and hear that stupid look on your face.” Better than the gibe, though, is that very expression that Tom is wearing, and the sour cringe on Leo’s lips.
Upon leaving the Kennedy Center, Mr. Kaiser will move the DeVos Institute of Arts Management, where he is president, to the University of Maryland – a move that was was announced last fall.
What would you like to see here?
If you do love and respect women, that kind of porn should repel you.” Baily and other A.I.B.-supported researchers insisted that while they welcomed A.I.B.’s input, the group’s funding didn’t impact their results.
His administration used some new programs, along with tools inherited from previous mayors — including metal detectors and uniformed school safety agents — to bring order to schools that many educators described as being chaotic.
The Pakistani was Malala Yousafzai, the girl who attracted global attention and admiration after she was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012 for her campaign on behalf of girls’ education.
The events in “The Orchard of Lost Souls” take place in a matter of weeks, but given the length of the Somali conflict, the women’s stories could be drawn over decades.
Mr. Kuchta liked the big windows and the classic view of water towers.
All the hotel’s guests had gone through security screening just to enter the building, so there was no need to keep other patrons out of the gym.
It was business as usual except for one difference.
Maps of where Bowe Bergdahl was stationed and the initial operations to find him.
Eventually a canister of tear gas was lobbed into the crowd.
“There is no way you can do that kind of job in one day, especially when it’s peeling paint,” said Eli Kriheli, an owner of Eli’s Painting and Renovations.
Arrayed against them and backing the Islamists are the rival states of Turkey and Qatar.
This is but the latest in a series of scandals that have shaken the British police in recent months.
Israel currently bans the import of construction materials for private projects, citing security concerns.
If you are serving store-bought rolls or chutney or even a turkey, always use the most attractive dishes you have to serve them.
Mr. Tirole, however, has not always been an advocate of regulation.
HAMPTON Hunterdon Hills Playhouse “Better With a Band,” musical-theater performers and an orchestra salute the big band sound and the music of Neil Sedaka, Carole King and others.
Some of that money, though, is returned to the tech industry in the form of tax breaks for people starting businesses and government grants for local start-ups.
At a time when lightly raced horses are rushed to stud after winning a graded stakes race as a 3-year-old, the Malice is a 4-year old who has raced 16 times, winning seven of them, including all four he has tried this year.
[ NY Post ] • A former nun from Harlem filed a lawsuit against the producers of “Sister Act,” claiming the Broadway is based on her life.
She charges $70 for an hour and $100 for an hour and a half.
Devoted to “heritage and patrimony” and to the survival of “traditions across the millenniums,” it will explore the past to find inspiration for the present.
We’ve finally reached the point where the do-nothing, delay-everything, don’t-even-allow-a-vote-on-measures-a-majority-of-Americans-favor Congress has reached its logical position.
Dozens of people gathered at the scene, including ministers who have been active in the protests related to the fatal shooting this year of Michael Brown, 18, in nearby Ferguson, Mo.
As painful as the lockout was, some players said it had brought them closer together — and closer to some of their most passionate fans, who came out to support them at a series of concerts that they produced themselves and even donated money to help their cause.
She had been a group account director at David & Goliath, Los Angeles.
The death of Mr. Hamdard is a blow to Mr. Abdullah’s campaign.
He will be the first alumnus of the school, which was founded in 1916, to serve as president.
This three-character piece, which debuted at the San Francisco Playhouse, centers on Bauer, his wife and his former lover.
Some readers may even find Mr. Eimer’s account of navigating the Mekong on a barge with a crew of “wiry, dark-skinned Dai” sailors on the lookout for pirates, or a bizarre night spent smoking meth and singing karaoke with a Wa warlord-cum-drug kingpin operating on both sides of the China-Myanmar border to be the most entertaining parts of the book.
By the midway point, however, we feel the clammy grip of a measured political thriller as the story hops between the comfortable Tehran home of a chronically disabled writer and the unsavory road trip of two government-hired killers.
Other names were not released.
I remember afterward driving back downtown and thinking: What just happened?
There are a couple of negligible standards on this EP, but the sadder the song, the more Mr. Johnson takes to it.
With what means can they be stopped?
As Howard sings in “Gotta Get Out.” Oh my God, I’m singing in a musical.
“The conversation about games could be much more sophisticated and nuanced than it is now,” Asi Burak , the president of Games for Change, said by phone.
The most famous of these was a study finding that 758,000 of Pennsylvania’s registered voters lacked identification.
Then, last month, came the United States debut of the newly ascendant Mikhailovsky Ballet, with strong performances and more unadventurous programming.
Last year at this time, Ms. Squibb, who is 85, was riding her part of a lifetime in “Nebraska” to a surprise “Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous” moment.
In some ways, though, Alibaba resembles Google .
Ali Mazrui, a scholar and prolific author who set off a tsunami of criticism in 1986 by writing and hosting “The Africans: A Triple Heritage,” a public television series that culminated in what seemed to be an endorsement of African nations’ acquiring nuclear weapons, died on Oct. 12 at his home in Vestal, N.Y.
Usually, I tell people who ask how to get started solving that it’s best to start with the easy clues: Look for the fill-in-the-blanks, or scan the clue list for easy pop culture clues and spread out from there.
In James Ward Byrkit’s film, eight friends gather for a dinner party on the night of an astrological anomaly and things get strange.
Cuomo administration officials said that there would be no cost to taxpayers, and that even the talent came from within state government: The newscast’s narration was voiced by a public information officer for the State Health Department.
“It was very dance related, and I said, with all due respect: ‘Bob you are not choreographer.
“The course helped me explore what my ‘next step’ might be,” she said.
Or perhaps that’s why I enjoy teaching literature.
Andy Warhol’s contribution consisted of a mural of 13 giant mug shots lifted from a police brochure.
But it is Salute’s birthday ritual that makes it the place to be on Bukharian Broadway.
But Murdough was not discovered until four hours later, at about 2:30 a.m. on Feb. 15.
James Robinson contributed 8 assists and 3 steals.
In 1987 Sean Connery said, and not for the first time, that he thought there was nothing wrong with hitting a woman .
According to the Marianas Variety newspaper, he leads with 44 percent with most of the votes counted, but will most likely face a runoff against independent candidate Heinz Hofschneider.
Place the sweet potato wedges in the bowl with the oil.
Because I’d want to help people, and I don’t really think I could go on without you.
The director, Evan Cabnet, and his cast try, but can’t make the play plausible.
Woo, acknowledging that his officers had not imagined that the body might be Mr. Yoo’s when it was found.
If we could return home a day early, would she want to?
No, but if you want to work for YTL, particularly in a leadership position, you have to master three languages.
The losers are students ill equipped for the experiments in youthful dissipation that are now accepted as every well-educated millennial’s natural birthright.
“That was the most emotional seven games I’ve ever played,” Dustin Brown, the Kings’ captain, said.
The reconstruction effort was made all the more challenging by the city’s isolation and thin air.
So what’s a regulatory agency to do?
Most other major tech companies make them frequently as well.
You can watch video of officials’ and authors’ comments here .
In his 1999 book, “The Control Room: How Television Calls the Shots in Presidential Elections,” he argued that the primary process had become distorted, in part by the relentless competition among the television networks that he had helped create.
When I was an undergraduate at Brown in the late ‘60s and early ‘70s, one could find fiction by Richard Brautigan and John Barth and Kurt Vonnegut on nearly every dorm-room desk.
It conjured the adage: Those who can, have big careers in Hollywood.
As commuters streamed by her counter in Newark, Ms. Fernandes was pronounced dead at 5:56 p.m. She was still in her uniform.
The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, which received $64,400 from Rangel for Congress from 2005 through 2011, has gotten a total of $8,000 since.
Those poets who dislike Inversions, archaisms, who just like Plain English as she’s spoke — why isn’t “like” Their (literally) every other word?
‘‘I kept half of everything I got from him.
Already familiar with restoring clock cases, he took an interest in the movements inside them.
The Seahawks quickly regained the momentum in the second quarter, covering 80 yards in six plays.
“I’m ashamed about that, but I’m not ashamed about doing what I believe is my duty: showing the suffering of the Syrian people caused by the war.” He added: “This is a golden example for anyone who aspires to being a photojournalist.
So far the Iranians have refused to allow the I.A.E.A.
What his friends seemed to take personally was the whistle.
“It starts with me,” James said about an hour before tipoff.
The White House worked tirelessly to free Sergeant Bergdahl, and did not let the murk around his disappearance stop its decision to trade Taliban detainees for him.
The work of this martial arts great, who died in 2013, is featured in several of the nine films on display here, including five directed by Lua (notably “36th Chamber of Shaolin,” screening on Friday at 7:45 p.m. and Saturday at 1).
The 1917 Strand Theater, vacant since 2003, is being exquisitely renovated, as is the old Renoir Hotel, the 1892 Hibernia Bank and the gracious Warfield, where Spotify and Benchmark Capital have headquarters.
Wallner’s replacement, Kim Martin Hasson, had a shift that was less taxing but no less trying.
The group’s set was one of the most talked-about performances all weekend; funny that it was also the most ancient.
Dr. Jobe’s survivors include his wife, Beverly; his sons, Christopher, Meredith, Cameron and Blair; and eight grandchildren.
“I’m certain that I’ve validated my reasons for being here, but I haven’t fully demonstrated my total range yet.
Six visitors at a time remove their shoes and enter a bouncy castle of inflated walls, floors and mammary glands, in which they jump about, presumably in a state of near-infantile bliss.
When Masahiro Tanaka left Yankee Stadium in the second inning of Friday night’s game, he could not have known how important his job would be Saturday.
One of the newest associations set up with Mr. Geller’s help is in New Jersey, led by Jon Hepner, who operates Aroy-D, the Thai Elephant truck, out of Hoboken.
And in 1923, President Calvin Coolidge began the tradition of the National Christmas Tree, adorning it with 3,000 bulbs on the White House’s South Lawn.
This is the kind of thing black nationalists used to say in the 1970s, when they argued that to join the system was to fall for the white man’s con.
The groom is an orthopedic chief resident at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland.
ELEANOR K. SOMMER , Gainesville, Fla., posted on nytimes.com THE DOCTOR RESPONDS I was surprised that the article “How Do You Heal a Traumatized Mind?” (May 25) included a discussion of “repressed memories.” This requires clarification.
Some worried about uncertainties ahead.
Taking advantage of injuries to other players is not exactly the way he envisioned getting playing time in the big leagues, but he would like to capitalize.
Ms. Perry said she would pick the photographer Cindy Sherman, while the pop artist Shepard Fairey named Chuck Close.
The statement also provided a new twist in a fight that has pitted notions of individual equality against the right of states to define marriage as a majority of their voters see fit.
I think we shed light on both the mystery and the work that go into it.” In nearby Mott Haven, Ryan Garvey , a mixed-media artist, volunteers at a neighborhood gallery, BronxArtSpace, when he is not out roaming the streets collecting bits and pieces of Bronx detritus for his artwork.
I fundamentally believe that if you are not self-aware, you’re not learning.
He knew he would have few chances to break one of the great servers in the game.
Let’s call it what it is,” said Julian Lindley-French, a defense analyst who lives in the small Dutch village of Alphen.
Li, the fourth seed, broke Marakova’s serve five times.
play, also for the first time since the 1981-82 season.
“She lost her life.” “Mr.
The talent pool, the capacity to execute, no problem.
As the team’s principal owner, Shinn made the decision to have a prayer from the very first home game.
Clint Eastwood’s “Jersey Boys,” about the Four Seasons, took in only about $47 million at the domestic box office for Warner Bros., while Tate Taylor’s “Get On Up,” about James Brown, had ticket sales of just $30 million for Universal Pictures through last week.
In 2010, law schools accredited by the American Bar Association welcomed a record 52,000 students.
“Some people go into drugs, some people go into alcohol.
But nearly 30 percent of the 52 million Medicare beneficiaries are in private Medicare Advantage plans, not traditional Medicare.
I want to be an artist.”
Several contemporary artists had been hired to create work for the exterior of the New York State Pavilion.
On Thursday, Judge Laura Taylor Swain of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York is scheduled to decide whether to accept SAC’s plea and its deal with prosecutors to pay a $1.2 billion penalty.
The newspaper quoted the police as saying the man intended to depart for Syria on Tuesday.
“As he has throughout the process, Secretary Kerry will reiterate a call he has made to both sides to maintain restraint and refrain from steps that would be unhelpful,” she added.
That scene in the beginning of “The Wolf of Wall Street,” in which Leonardo DiCaprio is at the wheel of yet another Ferrari while his wife performs oral sex.
The third time I took the bit in my teeth, and I loved it.
Russians’ ability to adapt to their environment no longer seems admirable.
In addition, he said, people who had arrived on shuttle buses from other cities, including New York and Albany, were transported to a temporary shelter set up by the American Red Cross a few miles away.
Under Mr. Silverstein, Texas Monthly has been nominated for 12 National Magazine Awards and won four, including the general excellence prize.
But to get a submarine that you can see out of and can travel at the bottom, to build it strong enough to withstand 1,600 times the pressure of an airplane, that’s hard.
Part of the challenge of making “The Starck Club,” the filmmakers said, was persuading the club’s principals to revisit the era.
SCIENCE is in crisis, just when we need it most.
“To a large degree, if Facebook wants to do business they need to follow local laws, even if those go against their policy in other regions,” said Brian Blau, an analyst for Gartner.
At a recent hearing of the Senate Finance Committee, the Democratic chairman, Ron Wyden, said that up to 25 companies, encouraged by big banks that earn lucrative fees on the deals, are currently considering relocating overseas to cut their tax bills.
“The main thing we use them for is our teaching and our research,” Lawrence said.
Ralph de la Vega, chief executive of AT&T Mobility, Amazon’s carrier partner, was more direct during a brief appearance on stage.
One expert warns that the Ebola infection progresses rapidly within the body and that a drug that helps on Day 2 might become harmful by Day 7.
Workers can file such challenges, too, but it takes money to engage in a lawsuit.
If these predispositions are, as Friesen and Ksiazkiewicz argue, to some degree genetically rooted, they may not lend themselves to rational debate and compromise.
“I actually have a high opinion of Bush 41,” said former Representative Richard A. Gephardt, Democrat of Missouri, who ran for president in 1988.
The party was to end at 10:30, but the last guests did not leave until midnight.
I’m shocked that he’s shocked.
[Free] • The Soho International Film Fest begins with a love story, “In Lieu of Flowers,” at Village East Cinemas.
Dr. Chan, 30, works at Ben Taub General Hospital in Houston as the Baylor College of Medicine’s chief clinical gastroenterology fellow.
“The nice thing is that if it seems we’re going to be too busy,” Ms. Ehlert said, “I can call our rep at Savored and close out the deal.” Before using Savored, she said, the restaurant typically had $800 in sales on Mondays and Tuesdays.
In his platoon’s second day of heavy fighting with the Taliban, Corporal Carpenter, then a lance corporal, was stationed on top of a mud hut, alongside Lance Cpl.
The commission has repeatedly asked the government to postpone the voting and at the commission’s urging, the country’s Constitutional Court ruled Friday that the vote could be delayed if the commission and the government agreed on a new date.
There, he will be the moderator for an event with Jerry Seinfeld, his frequent “Late Show” guest, to talk about the new season of Mr. Seinfeld’s online series, “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.” (A decidedly casual and unshaven Mr. Letterman made an appearance of his own on this series, in an episode in which he and Mr. Seinfeld drove the supercharged 1995 Volvo station wagon that Mr. Letterman received from Paul Newman.)
The problem is the zipper.
Tickets are $29 and $36; $15 for those 35 and younger.
Even as China and Russia draw closer, the relations between Japan and Russia have also developed, prompted by a mutual desire to stop China from becoming a regional superpower, analysts say.
“All the set-piece speeches and procedural mumbo-jumbo can often be deadly boring,” she concedes at one point.
In 1981, Japan, known for its fuel-efficient compact cars, gained the mantle of the world’s largest automobile producer, eliciting from Roger Smith, G.M.’s chief executive, the derisive barb that characterized the company’s casual attitude for years to come: “What did the Japanese invent in cars?” And Smith went on: “The only thing I can think of is that little coin holder.” But, as Parissien writes, he “stopped laughing when the Japanese manufacturers began making substantial inroads into G.M.’s market share.” Now, post-bankruptcy and on the road to recovery, the Detroit Three have paid penance for their reckless acquisitions of the 1980s and ’90s.
The Palestinian ambassador’s residence in Prague is different from the mission itself, which is in a neighboring villa.
The opening sections trace the progress of an artist emerging from his years of extended art school training and striving to form a new style through an original use of color and the distillation of essential pictorial elements.
But we manage our emotions with greater dexterity.
Musically, it could illustrate the collapse of 19th-century Romanticism, or show the influence of Schoenberg’s harmonic shocks.
“A lot of the basic principles are the same,” said Michael Snyder , a geneticist at Stanford University and a member of the modENCODE team.
Or you can just enjoy the random if gorgeous view of the tip of the brown Hollywood Hills that you can catch out the window.
(Before or after dinner, you can have a cup of coffee next door at Black Gold while browsing the collection of records and taxidermy.)
And that could mean a big loss in dues — Boeing workers in the Puget Sound area paid $25.5 million in dues to the international union in 2012.
If you want to judge by technical accomplishment or emotional range, he might not even be all that great an actor.
The exchange of materials, ideas and beliefs traced in shipwreck-salvaged objects here speak of a world as globally networked as our own.
Ms. Martinez’s case was closed.
But the Dylanologists found in this slender book are the most obsessive ones Mr. Kinney could find.
The United States, along with other countries, argues that diplomatic immunity covers the charge for bringing a vehicle into central London during office hours.
May, a prominent art collector, who died in 1951.
Celebration in Russia Back in Ukraine, one of the few things certain in the crisis was that Mr. Putin’s moves were hugely popular in Russia.
One of these students, Andrei B. Murarasu, a 26-year-old Romanian who recently graduated from the Bruges campus with a master’s degree in law, said Romania’s admission into the bloc was a bit complicated “and I wanted to get more knowledge about how Europe works and help the transition process,” he said.
In fact, investigations by two congressional committees (including one run by Republicans) found that there was never any kind of “stand-down order” or request.
But investigators were at first unable to find the children, and the Mississippi authorities soon took the father, who had been arrested at the Smith County checkpoint on drunken driving and drug charges, to Alabama to help locate them.
Laura Spanjian, Houston’s director of sustainability, said the city was spending millions of dollars to expand its conventional recycling service and was still evaluating all of the options for its one-bin concept.
And so it is with John Paul Stevens (“By the Book,” April 6), committed denier that William Shakespeare of Stratford-upon-Avon and London wrote the plays “attributed” to him by his own contemporaries, including his fellow actors Heminges and Condell and Ben Jonson, and by all serious scholarship since.
Home hobbyists can print items like iPhone cases, coffee mugs and semiautomatic rifles.
But all the practice in the world, Murray said, could not prepare him for “pressure and nerves and stress and stuff, you know, dealing with big crowds again when you’ve been away from that for a few months,” which “doesn’t straightaway feel normal again.” In last year’s Australian Open, Murray advanced to the final, where he lost to Djokovic.
Sanders appears headed for a career season with Manning throwing to him.
That battle involves an investigation into possible coordination between conservative groups and the campaign of Gov.
When I first went, you would see people hunting lemurs, and now they know there’s more value in a live lemur.
That has not changed the tax-free status of the academic portion of the scholarship, Huma’s group argues, and neither will the N.L.R.B.
Right up there,” he said, pointing to where the track crossed a ski slope and disappeared into the woods.
What was really impressive was their execution.
Many of the Republican primaries scheduled for the next two months have a Tea Party candidate taking on a more mainstream one.
The Miser is not the first chap to wonder whether festivals have gotten rather out of hand.
Email us at briefing@nytimes.com .
In December 2012, the team reached a $130 million deal with New York State to renovate the stadium and keep the Bills in Orchard Park for at least seven years.
Legal experts expect it will be approved because the new settlement addressed the main concern that Judge Anita B. Brody of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania had with the original plan.
Mine was Andro, a New Zealander who was also hoping to complete his own seven on seven.
“It won’t look too choppy.” If you have a small coffee table, she recommended leaving it more or less bare.
In 2008, Mr. Kellner’s son, who was 16 at the time, told his father that Mr. Lebovits had molested him.
“We’re all a little in the dark,” said James S. Rogers, a lawyer based in Seattle who is representing clients in cases related to the G.M.
Property records show they have lived in the United States for nearly three decades, moving from Maryland to New Jersey and finally to Southern California, where their house has an estimated value of more than $700,000, according to the online real estate database Zillow.
(Roberta Smith) Brooklyn Museum: ‘Chicago in L.A.: Judy Chicago’s Early Work 1963-74’ (through Sept. 28) Love it or hate it, Judy Chicago’s “The Dinner Party” remains a great, enduringly provocative monument of feminist art.
He has been busily trading away players who might help the Cubs win today for minor league prospects who might help them win tomorrow.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
His death, after a long illness, was confirmed by Charlie Andrews, his lawyer and business manager.
“If you mean have I been asked to do it, the answer is no,” he said.
“At some point,” he said, “you just stop and go, O.K., what’s the point?” Similarly, he demurred when asked about title comparisons to Wooden.
“We’d like to be able to prevent four out of four cases, obviously,” Dr. Bernstein said.
“I thought I was so Annie Hall with pants and no date,” she said.
China’s corporate landscape is pitted with scandals involving corruption, nepotism, bribery and false company results.
“We found in Brooklyn that people now gravitate to the longest line at a food stall or a food truck because they think that’s the best thing,” Mr. Demby said.
In it, he posited that the machinations of money were high drama, understandable to the lay reader and, perhaps most important to the book’s success, humorous.
India Ink spoke to men who have all been named as options for Mr. Modi’s security and foreign policy team.
But he added that he believed that trust in his managers, without the safety net of lawyers and compliance officers, outweighed whatever risk they might help mitigate.
In June, Tim Lim, the president of Precision Network, a digital media buyer for Democrats, began purchasing ad space from premium online vendors — Google, Yahoo, Pandora — in Senate battleground states like Colorado and Iowa.
When one or two items of her apparel fell to the floor during different dances, it just underlined how lively this dancing was.
During that time, the number of police officers in the city and the surrounding state rose to 47,710 from 37,950.
BUSINESS DAY An article on Wednesday about the improving fortunes of the very wealthy in 2013, as illustrated by their purchases, misspelled the given name of the artist who was the subject of a Francis Bacon painting that sold for $142.4 million.
The most powerful economic interest groups are those in manufacturing, for example oriented toward export markets – companies like Samsung in South Korea .
Wall Street was unhappy not only that earnings were below expectations but that AOL has had trouble showing consistent, reliable profits.
The global economy might be slowly recovering and consumers gradually gaining confidence.
Buy War Savings Stamps.” Another poster seeks recruits for the “ Women’s Land Army ” — college women who came to town to plow the fields in place of farmers who had gone overseas.
With a poetic, often enigmatic libretto by Alice Goodman, the work is consciously modeled on the Bach Passions, with Bach’s Evangelist metamorphosed into the opera’s nameless Captain, helplessly recalling the loss of his ship.
Only at one point did Mr. Andrieux’s arms seem to be fumbling toward inarticulate speech.
The measures , which did not involve public comments, include lowering speed limits for oil trains in some cities, increasing the frequency of track inspections, adding more brakes on trains and improving the training of emergency medical workers.
Arrested while boarding a plane with two kilograms, Mr. Hayes was convicted and imprisoned.
Mr. de Blasio, however, was critical of the addition of charter schools during his mayoral campaign, saying they siphoned resources from traditional schools.
“Before work, I can go sit on the water and have my coffee and then jump on a train into the city,” said Jennifer Bickerton, a publicist who moved here in 2007.
Mr. Ford died in 2008 .
The same, of course, is true of academia.
He looked at me, shook his head, cocked one leg up on a deck rail and just stared out into the lake.
(Johnson) MoMA PS1: ‘James Lee Byars: 1/2 An Autobiography’ (through Sept. 7) Was James Lee Byars the real deal, a true mystic sage?
Jeremy Affeldt took the mound, captured a chopper from pinch-hitter Oscar Taveras and ran to first base to get the third out.
1976-1980, Nurse in a psychiatric hospital.
Surveillance footage shows a group crossing the bridge around 3:10 a.m., shortly before the lights illuminating the flags on both towers went out, said John Miller, the Police Department’s deputy commissioner of counterterrorism.
But nothing compares to the frenzy of the winter meetings.
“Walk a mile in our shoes, which you can’t,” she said.
Advance screenings are being held on March 4 at 10 locations around the country, including the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
China’s ships and aircraft regularly patrol in areas claimed by Japan.
Sept. 12, 6:30 to 9 p.m.
(Isherwood) ‘Hedwig and the Angry Inch’ Andrew Rannells has replaced Neil Patrick Harris as the “internationally ignored song stylist” of uncertain gender in John Cameron Mitchell and Stephen Trask’s 1998 rock musical about love, loss and crowd control.
May 4 at 4 p.m. $20.
The men lived on the 38th floor and had tried to flee through a stairwell, which had filled with smoke, the chief said.
Meanwhile, Mr. Stiefel is keeping one foot in the American scene.
But Bridgewater, who completed 19 of 27 passes for 309 yards and two touchdowns, kept his composure even as Jets defensive lineman Sheldon Richardson sacked him three times, once for a safety.
Only these tangible steps will allow Sri Lanka to move forward toward reconciliation and justice for all Sri Lankans.
“It’s my favorite scene and the climax of the film.
“Look back at players like Steve Kerr and Derek Fisher as a case in point,” Colangelo said.
At 11 a.m. on a Sunday, as we were the first to arrive, an employee flicked on the lights for us.
They viewed the idea of an auditor negatively, and I had to convince them I had their best interests at heart.
“We are devastated to lose one of our children like this,” she said in a statement.
The last lesson was the most important, and extended out of the bakery and into life.
Yet few of the guests aboard on a recent sunny Saturday appeared to be concerned about momentum.
A subtle, introspective mix of cello, flute, harp and viola is interspersed with slow-building percussive rhythms.
Other data released in recent days provide little reason for hope that conditions will get better soon.
The agency said that while it did “not in any way seek to hold offenders in prison,” it would not release certain categories of sex offenders to residences within 1,000 feet of a school.
Every American bomb dropped on the North, and every village the U.S. “pacified” in the South, only made them more determined: We lost when we “won.” It helped me shape a major theme of my own book: that America’s blunt confrontation with the ravages Vietnam wrought upon America’s civic soul, after the fall of Saigon in 1975, was a very healthy thing — and that the forces associated with Ronald Reagan’s rise did our nation no favors by helping citizens turn their back on that reckoning.
That Donleavy’s 62-year-old son, Philip, is here “more or less full time” contributes a faint Grey Gardens shading to domestic life — as does the fact that the mansion is falling apart.
“Pathmarking” was a tribute, she said, to a book by the Swedish diplomat Dag Hammarskjold.
But such properties typically require too much maintenance to appeal to foreign buyers who aren’t living in New Zealand full-time, Ms. O’Sullivan said.
Professionally, he was not satisfied.
But he warned that “in response to unilateral Palestinian steps, Israel will take unilateral steps of its own.” The Israeli ban on high-level contacts was the latest in a series of tit-for-tat measures.
Your Morning Briefing is posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Don’t miss Your Evening Briefing at 5 p.m. weekdays.
“Before, especially in the summer, they would be thrown into the fields, tree holes, garbage bins.
is essentially creating an artificial price support for colleges.” Since Congress controls the E.F.C.
Mr. Liu has rarely if ever gotten messages out from his prison in Jinzhou, Liaoning Province, where he is serving an 11-year sentence .
While praising the bravery of Mr. Sarwar’s mother, Judge Topolski said he was not able to reflect that in sentencing her son.
Bisi Alimi, known as the first gay Nigerian to come out on national television, told his story in a video posted to YouTube by None on Record, an African L.G.B.T.
Violating no laws of physics, he was out in 66 minutes, a length of time that is hard to imagine current audiences tolerating.
So ­we asked the threesome, who, with two other friends, are a part of a female art collective called Conversations , to put together a few party-going looks reflective of their signature styles.
Dead last is Idaho, because it has no confidentiality protections for juvenile records and makes very few records eligible to be sealed.
And then I am flooded with terror that I could not master the disaster of losing my husband, one of our girls, their partners, or children.
The Alaska numbers nonetheless include one data point that should be encouraging to Democrats: A staggering 43 percent of registered voters say they’ve been contacted by the Begich campaign, more than in any other campaign in any battleground state.
He cites at length the results of a poll showing that more people are coming around to his notion that the government’s response to terrorism after 9/11 is more dangerous than the threat it is designed to meet.
“At the onset, they treated us as a problem they had to manage,” said James Doty, the chairman of the board since 2011.
In a discussion of how the book came about posted on his Daily Motion channel , the author explained that when he wandered through Delhi, it seemed to him that “the common and shared past and present was far more potent and real than the imagined hostilities and otherness” he was expected to feel as a Pakistani.
Insurgents had apparently regained control of key government buildings in the center of Tikrit, according to witnesses who reported seeing the black flag of ISIS flying over many important buildings.
Set aside a day to visit this plaster-cast workshop , established in 1876 to make high sculpture accessible to the public.
Representative Steve Israel is stepping down as the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, denying a request from Representative Nancy Pelosi to return for a third term though he is hoping to remain within the Democratic House leadership.
Unfortunately, what we actually got — especially, although not only, from Republicans — was the opposite.
There is always the possibility, of course, that all the rumors about a phone could be an elaborate head fake, and that the event will be something else entirely — perhaps a kiss-and-make-up ceremony between Amazon and its suppliers , with several of which it has drawn swords.
West-leading Oakland Athletics, their largest deficit so early in a season since 2003.
Working with City Ballet afforded Mr. Alsop more opportunities to play solos than the concertmaster of a symphony orchestra usually has.
Richard Kosterlizky, 30, was shot to death in Muskogee, Okla. , early Wednesday.
The rate of growth on premiums for employer-based health coverage in the first five months of this year was one of the lowest in 16 years.
“He needs to come out much more clearly and say that Israel’s actions are just wrong and can’t be defended and can’t be justified,” he said.
Aside from Syria, cluster bomb use has been reported this year in the conflicts in South Sudan and Ukraine.
The investment made little sense, coming at a time when the Port Authority’s other airports desperately needed support.
Sanders got $40,000 as the coach and found that disparity humiliating.
Those interviews provide a wealth of data on pricing, market structures and the sex workers’ motivations.
“We’ll use the most critical levers we have at our disposal, and the focus really will be on transforming the beverage landscape in the U.S. over the next 10 years,” said Susan Neely, chief executive of the American Beverage Association, the industry trade group.
This kind of dismissive labeling needs to be called out for the ad hominem attack that it is.
“They were youthful, elegant, without unnecessary details or defined waistlines,” it added.
He may have become part of your extended family while you weren’t looking.
In that situation, the organization needs to work on regaining market share.
In recent years, the health effects of increasing inactivity have received plenty of scientific and media scrutiny .
But the architects, Eduardo Cadaval and Clara Solà-Morales, also tried to maximize the views of the Mediterranean and to ensure that the house could withstand the area’s notoriously harsh winds.
Performed by the Mermaid Theater of Nova Scotia, the show uses projections, puppetry, black light and other special effects to bring to life three of Mr. Carle’s tales: “The Very Hungry Caterpillar,” “Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?” and “Papa, Please Get the Moon for Me.” At 2 p.m., Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts, Brooklyn College, Flatbush and Nostrand Avenues, Flatbush, Brooklyn, 718-951-4500, brooklyncenter.org; $7.
“Our biggest surprise,” Ms. Peterson said, “is how much we have loved it.”
A 25-year-old man was shot in the arm at an after-hours club in Pittsburgh, Pa. , early Saturday.
“If they come in here and have a few bites from this smorgasbord,” he said, “maybe they’ll come back on their own.” Members of the team that answers the most questions correctly will receive small backpacks as prizes.
“According to U.S. census figures, more than one-third of all women of childbearing age are not mothers,” it says.
Wasn’t it fear that led us to harry and harass them until the last one was shot in rural Berks County in 1874?
Dr. Cresta W. Jones, an assistant professor of maternal-fetal medicine at the Medical College of Wisconsin, specializes in helping pregnant women with chronic conditions who need to be on narcotics to manage unbearable pain.
He examined my passport and leafed through the brochures.
Ms. Graham is at her best in French, the tangy, nasal quality of which ideally complements her creamy tone.
(When writing about Jack Flash, another strain, he once noted that it “always gets me straight between the temples.”) With the Kush, he observed whether the pot relieved his headache (a little) and tracked, in painstaking detail, how the feeling of the high evolved.
Shareholders of the Brazilian telecommunications company Oi overwhelmingly approved a capital increase and other measures, moving it closer to merging with Portugal Telecom.
But she recalled that Iris Swertii had come to her from Superstition Iris Gardens, in the California foothills of the Sierra Nevada.
Some experts said the system might be most useful in areas without safe blood supplies.
“If the state can reach a substantial settlement that redresses all potential losses by Texas taxpayers,” Mr. Strickland wrote, “then this matter may be resolved without the significant expense and uncertainty associated with drawn-out litigation.” He said if a settlement was not reached in the next month, the state would plan to go to court.
CAVALIERS 98, MAGIC 89 LeBron James had 29 points and 8 assists, and Cleveland rallied past host Orlando.
How he and other critics can say that with a straight face is baffling.
He was kidnapped earlier this month by armed separatists, the Lithuanian ambassador to Ukraine, Petras Vaitiekunas, said.
“A little nervous.” His sky-blue eyes darted with worry, belying his “little” qualifier.
At the time, his sexual politics — women equal in force to their men, and some uses of same-sex choreography — and modern inflections of ballet seemed refreshingly up-to-date.
panel concluded that those arguments did not justify export restrictions because China cannot treat foreign and domestic businesses differently.
Artist and audience are left hanging, with the museum’s mercenary agenda in full view.
A caddie was blaming Coach Nick Saban for being so critical of the Crimson Tide leading up to the game that it rattled his players.
“He was a distinguished officer.” Yet on the streets of Ferguson, some residents say they question the very environment that Officer Wilson was functioning in, and they argue that inappropriate stops have become pervasive.
Maybe the club will help him out, as a reward for the days when one man’s shed provided an extraordinary view, allowing him to enjoy the game, calling to the crowd against a low winter sun.
“The trustee all along was simply following the law,” he said.
“I was conflicted with them, because I was a red diaper baby,” he said.
An attempt to attract audiences as old as 12, it draws on the first novel in a series by Sheryl Berk and her young daughter, Carrie Berk.
The Giants also picked from the cream of the athletic crop on occasion.
Asked if the university had proposed that the Warburg close its open stacks, Ms. Boylan said the university had no comment.
Books, film reels, cassettes and sound equipment have been assembled into towers of varying heights.
But none of the discoveries have been quite as striking as the unearthing of the Valongo wharf in 2011 and the earlier excavations of the cemetery under Ms. Guimarães’s home.
During the 82 days of the Battle of Okinawa, Hana saw her homeland turned into a wasteland of decomposing corpses and mud, then watched as it was permanently occupied by the invaders.
Cuyahoga County Public Library, Ohio, $55 million of debt securities.
If a landowner wants to challenge the company, he has to square off in court against a multibillion-dollar corporation.
By then, it was 26-11, the Bluejays buried by a barrage that looked familiar — familiar because that is how quickly they themselves can score, have scored.
Thirteen years after the genocide, Rwanda opened the Genocide Fugitive Tracking Unit, searching the world over for génocidaires.
Roskilde 6 was powered by up to 40 pairs of oars and had a draught calculated to have been a mere 83.5 centimeters.
On paper, it seems straightforward enough: Set a line, or number, that attracts an equal amount of betting money on the favorite and on the underdog and then pocket the “vig” or “juice,” or 10 percent fee for handling the bet.
One study by Army researchers showed that when forced to inhale Ebola virus, monkeys could be infected.
We should have learned our lesson about this from Al Capone, who thrived during a previous era of prohibition and violence.
He kept the meeting rolling, asking for motions and holding votes for the appointment of a municipal court judge.
But he did not lose interest in politics.
It’s a fitting irony that Madame Bovary, whose tragic selfishness offers a kind of cautionary tale about the dangers of excessive sentimentality, is also motivated by a fear of commonality.
Under the Bank Secrecy Act, banks and other financial institutions must report cash deposits greater than $10,000.
He played a jagged-edged game of office politics, to be sure, but also benefited from the unexpected candor he directed at the talent.
Her mother is the president of the New Jersey Conservatory of Music in Boonton.
“Yes, it’s Oscar time,” he wrote in November.
David Heng, a director of the Temasek unit leading the buyout bid, said that, if successful, they intend to maintain Olam’s Singapore listing.
When you have an autistic child, you must learn how to navigate the elaborate, complicated medical system in the U.S. That requires a lot of time.
LAKEVILLE Argazzi Art Works by Sandrine Kern, Gwen Laine, Joe Macca and Antonio Murado.
The percentage of Florida eighth graders reaching proficiency in reading on national tests rose from 29 percent in 2002 to just 33 percent in 2013, similar to increases elsewhere in the country.
“We want to make it easier to vote, but hard to cheat,” said Jill Bader, a spokeswoman for the Republican State Leadership Committee, which produced an online ad for Mr. Kobach.
Ms. Spellecy also said that the wording for the gravedigger’s plaque had already been written — although the two most important words are these: Lawrence Mocha.
Analysts say that Mr. Vishwas, 44, has no chance of defeating Mr. Gandhi, 43, but the Aam Aadmi Party, in typical fashion, is ignoring the odds.
“They have tons of money, and they’re not quite sure how to enjoy themselves,” Mr. Judge said.
Led by Sims, T. J. Yeldon and Amari Cooper, Alabama outgained the Aggies by 602-172.
“People were unhappy with the central and the state government and that reflected in their choice in the national election.” However, in B.J.P.-governed states, like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, there was a pro-incumbency sentiment, Mr. Bajaj said.
“The court undermines the legality of thousands of miles of former rights of way that the public now enjoys as means of transportation and recreation,” she wrote, adding: “And lawsuits challenging the conversion of former rails to recreational trails alone may well cost American taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars.” Aha - rails to trails.
“I am not my own person,” Bonzie promised someone, to an accelerating strum and beat, in a odd sort of love song; “I wanna hold back and I wanna let go,” she proclaimed in a galloping rocker.
The Blues, who are aiming to return to the Stanley Cup finals for the first time since 1970, have consistently been among the N.H.L.’s top five teams in points this season.
But concerns over the possible ban have predominated, even as the de Blasio administration says it would “protect the livelihoods” of those who operate carriages.
“Marvels and Monsters: Unmasking Asian Images in U.S. Comics, 1942-86.” Through July 27.
It is a costly and imperfect process.
Federal regulators contended that was a foreseeable problem and a recall was needed.
But we’ll still run into each other in the hall, right?
“He showed no remorse whatsoever — didn’t even faze him that he took another man’s life.” Victor M. Brown, a lawyer for Mr. Zanfardino, apologized to Mr. Reitano’s family as he left the courtroom, but called the verdict a “vindication.” “The laws in New York need to be changed,” he said.
“There was a guy who made them for me in Red Hook, and I got addicted.” The large bedroom is sparsely furnished with a king-size bed.
“It’s really the people and the community and the energy here,” Mr. Haot said, fizzing with enthusiasm for his new location and the space it offers, which he said would allow Livestream to experiment in ways unimaginable in its previous headquarters in Manhattan, where it has been since 2007.
Lots of people are watching Chinese films, but Thailand is a very immature market.
In “Panta Rhei (4,000 years of human history),” he tracks the rise and fall of civilizations, cultures and nations, and the wars that shaped them, in an elaborate bristling mass of carefully labeled copper piping that can also function as a fountain.
In Egypt it is 25 percent, and in Morocco, 18 percent.
“It’s part of the game,” Familia said.
“Basketball, man,” was his explanation.
Foldit asked players to take on the role of a biochemist and map out how proteins might be folded in nature.
The transcript of our conversation earlier this week has been lightly edited for clarity.
(Laughs) Does it feel like it’s changed much?
In his first two campaign appearances, in the Bronx and then in Buffalo, Mr. Astorino offered a polished critique of the man he wants to unseat, lamenting the flight of people and businesses from New York, and condemning Mr. Cuomo’s administration as a failure.
“Bringing Phil back is huge for this franchise.
Listen: the house is silent.
In the ensuing decades at Yale, Bill developed an economic model that put a price tag on the effects of climate change, like more droughts, flooding and crop failures and stronger hurricanes.
We can put the people first.”
“Thank you for wearing our dress, thank you for getting your client to wear our dress, please consider our dress next time,” he said.
And even as some officials here have predicted that demolishing the buildings that must go could cost as much as $1 billion, other entities, like a public-private effort called the Detroit Blight Authority have begun their own aggressive demolition campaigns.
Lacking their own neighborhood restaurants, people from Brooklyn Heights often walked over for dinner; office workers like Mr. Steinmann and Mr. Diamond tucked into pastrami and turkey sandwiches.
Justin Berger, 30, fatally shot himself in the head after he opened fire on a police officer in a northeast Fort Collins, Colo. , neighborhood Thursday evening.
Wall Street bashing ignores the fact that it is finance that produces the money for tech start-ups.
His father worked in New York City for a public utility company.
The only other team to hold Denver under 30 was Kansas City in Week 11.
“As a right defenseman, you can move the puck really quick right away.” Klein said he would also stay cognizant of angles while pairing with Diaz.
Ms. Stritch at her home in Birmingham, Mich., in 2013.
One of the most important is an expansion of the earned-income tax credit, which for decades has been one of the biggest and most successful antipoverty programs, raising 10.1 million people out of poverty in 2012.
That was the cover everyone was buzzing about until the conversation moved on to Kimye.)
“For the longer term, it is better to let the people within the country be the strongest voice while also ensuring that at the appropriate times you are weighing in publicly and privately.” To some critics, though, that justifies a policy of passivity that undercuts core American values.
THE POETRY OF DEREK WALCOTT 1948-2013 , selected by Glyn Maxwell.
I had picked an itinerary that would take us away from the highways as we moved toward our final destination, Ketchum, a charming ski resort town whose 400 miles of trails in the summer draw hikers, horseback riders and mountain bikers.
An awkward figure in death as well as life, he slipped through the cracks of history.
“You want to have a clear view, and you want to be focused where the ball hits, when it hits, and with your head still.
The most notable change allows officials to use replay in overtime only in the last two minutes.
“My opponent is able to raise a lot of money because she’s running against me,” he said over the weekend , according to The Lexington Herald-Leader.
My friend can’t use her skills.
Filmed in waters off Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa and the California coast, the work captures sharks in their habitats, including a sequence in which great whites are shown breaching in 3-D.
Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five former Taliban officials, sent to Qatar.
The rest of the night did not get any easier.
The execution has been set for Wednesday.
“The immediate feedback of the C.L.A.
That may not be the case.”
The suspects are at large.
On the Senate side, the Energy Committee, where a similar bill has been presented, is now led by Senator Mary L. Landrieu, Democrat of Louisiana and a longtime co-sponsor of the bill, after the previous chairman, Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, switched to the Finance Committee.
At a news conference in Donetsk, Ms. Tymoshenko said she was committed to strengthening the autonomy of Ukraine’s regions, especially by letting them control their finances, but said she opposed federalization.
Whether it impedes such publications or not, the academic edition can always be held up as authoritative, especially in schools and universities.
As the electorate has shifted on Cuba, some Cuban-American politicians have begun to call for a review of the policy that puts newly arrived Cubans on a fast track to citizenship, probably because new immigrants support closer ties with the island and grew up despising the embargo.
It means “behold the man” — not “behold man.” Because of another editing error, a picture caption with the article misspelled part of the title of the fresco as “Ecco Homo.” NATIONAL Because of an editing error, an article on Sept. 11 about Birmingham’s bid for the Democratic National Convention misattributed a quotation about giving Republicans the opportunity to also hold their convention in the city.
“There’s no time,” David said, laughing.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
Led by the Myanmar government, working with partners including the Asian Development Bank, the British Council and Unesco, the review is expected to produce a final draft of recommendations in June as a framework for sweeping improvements in curriculums, matriculation exams and school environments.
30), set in nighttime Madrid, alongside two newer works by composers with a strong sense of place: Andrew Norman’s “Light Screens” and Ives’s “Three Places in New England.” The composer-pianist Timo Andres joins in for his own take on Mozart’s “Coronation” Concerto.
And his idea of doing variations on a theme is close to dissection: cutting an image open, picking apart its essence, moving bits around, throwing some out, squeezing others into new shapes, in the end restoring wholeness, but not in its initial form.
Syria missed another deadline to turn over its chemical weapons earlier this month.
INTERVIEW HAS BEEN CONDENSED AND EDITED.
Kelord is typical of Roca’s population.
And tells you their story.”
Yet, even with Woods sidelined following back surgery and other favorites nursing various ailments, Stenson has largely managed to go unnoticed.
Once Karen gets fired up by the book she’s been asked by Bobby to read, she speaks of knowing “what it is to be bad ... (and) lost.” That sequence, by Ms. Lohan’s own account in press interviews, had been eliciting knowing chuckles during previews, as is to be expected given her own history — slavishly followed by the media — in and out of rehab (and jail).
They gave me some pills, and after some games it was better.” Sharapova’s initial annoyance with the stoppage did not subside.
Over the years, he bussed tables for Columbia students and professors at the old West End bar and delivered cookies late at night for Insomnia Cookies , friends said.
Having worked many, many 12-hour days with him, I can say firsthand that James Estrin’s photos definitely don’t happen by themselves.
For most of the movie, Max is unaware of Donna’s pregnancy, and the quandary she finds herself in — Should she tell him?
Propped up against a chain-link fence is a row of cathedral-size wooden doors.
The ferry, the Norman Atlantic, sails under an Italian flag but was chartered by a Greek company, ANEK Lines.
The worry now must be that Mr. Thornton will push for even more deals.
The first fallout is in from the long-running misreporting of ratings by the Nielsen Company, and ABC News has lost its best story of the year.
Sydney’s hard-drinking style came right from the start.
On the contrary, Victor reverently speaks of Mr. Dylan’s “greatness” and “genius” and rejoices in the “magical mystery tour” Mr. Dylan opened up for him — even as he remained curiously remote.
Injury-wise, I gave my all whenever I was out there, hurt or not.
But people also realize their judgments and life experiences are different.” Dr. Chapman is now the lead investigator in an interdisciplinary group that received $300,000 from the National Institutes of Health to do similar work in a pilot study with pediatricians and specialists in adolescent medicine.
“I’m a little shocked,” said Doris Stewart, the aunt of the man arrested in the vehicle, after learning for the first time this weekend that her nephew’s arrest had resulted in an award for the same officer who had fatally shot Mr. Brown.
“That’s the million-dollar question,” said Douglas A. Copeland, a private lawyer and chairman of the Missouri Public Defender Commission, which oversees Ms. Kelly’s office.
Dr. Watsa barked a few questions into the phone and then departed to tend to his visitor.
As both mother and filmmaker, I felt it was important to find ways to represent Teddy not simply as a tragedy or a constellation of delays and disabilities, but as the sweet, happy and complicated kid that he is.
Romani, who was in Italy, said that Luxuria planned to attend a hockey game Monday wearing the rainbow colors of gay pride.
Undoubtedly, Washington will take a close look nonetheless.
The text above the picture read, “Have you seen this person?” Williams made sure his presence was known on Friday.
Cash Flow • An accountant says your Schedule C tax form contains information that can help you improve your business.
The site is also home to the National September 11 Memorial Museum .
Sea surface temperatures in the Pacific rise during El Niño and ultimately heat up the atmosphere in what Kevin Trenberth, a climate scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, calls a “mini” global warming event.
I lived in Hong Kong for a while, the land of the malls, so the thought of being near this brand-new, pedestrian-friendly neighborhood is appealing.” “I felt it was in her best financial interest to buy there,” Mr. Yamaguchi said.
Mr. Chowdhury said he provides the first set of five logs of wood required for the funeral pyre.
In contrast to their seeming indifference to the European elections, some residents of Stralsund held strong views that Germany should stay out of the crisis in Ukraine.
The agency said its regulation of tailpipe emissions also required regulation of emissions from stationary sources under two permitting programs.
It always seems like it’s a postseason game.” But on Friday, it was as low-intensity as it gets with these teams.
“Everything is starting to come into focus now.” If his clarity about his chances seems questionable, Mr. Astorino, who was called “Robbie Rebound” by his childhood friends for having a knack for basketball despite his short stature, can at least nourish his optimism with the memories of having pulled off more than one upset.
Goldman is marketing the mortgage fund to its customers just as it did for Mr. Mullen’s foreclosed-home fund.
Using a link to Facebook posts, Five analyzes the language in which we write, and determines our relative affiliation to five personality attributes: openness, extraversion, agreeableness, conscientiousness and neuroticism.
People suggested building an Apple television, paying more taxes and even curing cancer.
‘Chicago’ Jazz Age sex, murder and razzle-dazzle (2:25).
Family members will wage individual fame campaigns on social media while each week a “star power meter” will analyze the information to determine who has a shot at a Kardashian-like existence — and who should return to anonymity.
But the nurse, Kaci Hickox, has called the quarantine unjustified because she had no symptoms of Ebola — and she went on a bike ride Thursday to register her protest.
We need to do a better job of educating kids that once it’s out there it’s out there.’ Accepting the “sex” part of the sexting as normal development, he suggests, allows us to take a better approach to the “text” piece.
For as long as she could remember, Vanessa Brewer had her mind set on going to college.
Eugene O’Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, 800-432-7250, telecharge.com.
We still remind them every night, and still stand by to watch it get done.
During his inauguration speech on Sept. 29, Mr. Ghani’s voice crackled with emotion as he paid loving tribute to his Lebanese-born “life partner and beloved wife,” Rula Ghani.
One March day, Ms. Mariscal wore a necktie, introducing herself as Roald Dahl, the English children’s author.
proposal in its current form, a spokesman, Casey Werderman, wrote in an email.
To drive traffic to the site, he publicizes the results on a company blog , often delving into volatile themes — like members’ attitudes toward the appearance, age and race of potential dates.
“The bill was passed undemocratically,” Mr. Reddy claimed, terming the suspension of the live telecast “a murder of democracy.” He called for a bandh, or shutdown, in Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday.
So you have to do all these things, and get your legs moving, incredibly stupid things that you wouldn’t do in a yoga class.” Then they place helmets on the actors and ask them to do a bunch of facial gestures for a couple of hours, capturing the extremes of each person’s face down to the pores.
“This is a ratchet mechanism which unwinds in only one direction.
“You could feel the energy,” Sonny Parker said.
If the Rangers had not shifted their infield, a standard practice against Ortiz, it probably would have been a routine grounder to second.
One of the perks of being a behavioral scientist is that when your partner does something annoying, you can bring dozens of couples into the laboratory and get to the bottom of it.
The report recommends that, because of jurisdictional issues, airport police officers, not T.S.A.
Her blunt public criticism of the president’s foreign policy in The Atlantic this week touched off frustration among Mr. Obama’s advisers and supporters, especially her suggestion that under Mr. Obama, the United States lacked an “organizing principle” in its approach to international relations.
“We cannot do for them what they are unwilling to do for themselves,” said the president of the factions in Iraq.
And yet, online and mobile advertising — not to mention the continuing struggles of retailers — has taken a toll.
In December, the Chinese government announced that the first phase of the eastern route had officially begun drawing water from the Yangtze and transporting it to Dezhou, in the northeastern province of Shandong.
The movie “is one of the truly galvanizing cinematic experiences of the year,” Manohla Dargis wrote in The Times in August.
Pizza Hut has reported sales declines for eight consecutive quarters at established locations, even as rivals like Domino’s and Papa John’s have enjoyed gains.
Mansion hours: Wednesdays through Sundays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. 65 Jumel Terrace, at Sylvan Terrace, Washington Heights, 212-923-8008, morrisjumel.org; $5, $4 for students and 62+, free for children under 12 and members.
Andrew M. Cuomo of New York claimed the Democratic nomination for a second term on Tuesday, but at a considerable price: A liberal challenger with little money or name recognition, Zephyr Teachout, was on track to receive about a third of the vote, a signal of the potent dissatisfaction with Mr. Cuomo in his party’s left wing.
NEWARK New Jersey Performing Arts Center A Conversation with Stephen Colbert and Steve Carell.
It’s this juxtaposition of traditional and modern life, of the enduring and the mutable, that defines the capital today.
More testing, false alarms and overdiagnosis are all part of screening.
The officer who interviewed Phelps noted in his report that he pulled Phelps over for going 84 miles per hour in a 45 m.p.h.
Amersham is on the London Underground’s Metropolitan line, and a trip to the city center takes about an hour.
Her story might have qualified her for protection in the United States.
If the government wants to shift the Internet economy away from a “barter” system (exchanging personal data for free services) toward a subscription-based system, Congress should take charge.
(Raw Story) Centennial Since the first commercial passenger flight in 1914, 65 billion passengers have taken to the skies and another 65 billion are expected to do the same before 2030.
They were in that bedrock, 18 stories or so below the street.
$5 to $10; members and under 12, free.
They need to know the game we’re playing and how to keep score.
Judy McDaniel said outside an enrollment event that she had “mixed feelings” even after her 42-year-old son was finally about to sign up for health insurance under the law.
What the transcripts do not explain is why the Fed failed at one of its most basic tasks.
Even under fairly optimistic assumptions, Ms. Nunn would need around 28 percent of the white vote.
Hollins and King have never worked together, but Hollins said they had known each other for years.
If you are a regular “On This Day” reader, you know that the feature highlights important events in history by linking to archival coverage of one key New York Times front-page event every day.
It last appeared in public in 1964, its czarist origins forgotten, at a Parke-Bernet auction in New York shortly before Sotheby’s bought the company.
In San Francisco , though, Dark Sky has fared poorly against AccuWeather, the Weather Channel and Weather Underground.
“4th Of July (The Family You Choose),” 2013.
“We want the management to be in Silicon Valley as soon as possible,” Mr. Rahme said.
The program was conceived long before Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s Community Parks Initiative , a plan announced this month to funnel $130 million into fixing up 35 neglected parks in low-income areas.
(And Chávez had more American cheerleaders than does Putin.)
The governing body for the sport in Africa, the Confederation of African Football, has been run since 1988 by a Cameroonian, Issa Hayatou.
But my more-mature self realizes that after 23 years of marriage, the key for our relationship to grow and thrive is finding a soft place to land between the rules we make and the reality we live.
History records the shooting of a wild black bear in Manhattan, but it was several centuries ago.
In the Scandinavian welfare model, as it took shape in the years following World War II, the Protestant ethic — work hard, be frugal, don’t put yourself before others — combined with the labor movement’s notion that being “one of us” was more important than being someone special.
Mr. Grasee then interviewed Ms. Rohaczek, and from her memory poured palpable details of Hedvika.
But the lawyers went farther than the governor, also admonishing law enforcement officers to allow protesters to exercise their rights.
We hear a lot about how American students lag behind their international peers academically, especially in subjects like math.
Monitors said on July 22 that they had seen uniformed men cutting into the cockpit section of the fuselage with a power tool.
Zina, who is seeking asylum in Chicago, was referring to the 2006 bombing of a Shiite shrine in Samarra, widely believed to be the work of Al Qaeda in Iraq, which accelerated sectarian bloodletting.
The five Sept. 11 detainees remain at the military prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, with no prospect for a trial anytime soon.
It no longer forces customers into two-year contracts ; its subscribers can switch to another wireless firm whenever they like.
Last season, the Knicks ranked 24th in points allowed per 100 possessions.
He currently uses the five-year C.D.
And some evolve to move quickly from one host to another, like Ebola via body fluids.
Roy Thompson, a decorated officer during the Korean War who, while still on duty, starred as himself in a Hollywood movie that was shot entirely on location, died on April 22 in Panama City, Fla.
Its rush to control resources and impose strict Islamic codes caused a backlash from other rebel groups, and fighting between the sides has killed more than 1,400 people in recent weeks.
Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo.
He was handed intriguing talent with little cohesion, like a team chosen from a playground.
Gaarder usually keeps his postgame comments short, but his teammate Mark MacMillan said that should not be mistaken for a lack of leadership.
What is known today as country music was influenced by the Western music that celebrated the life of cowboys and also by the blues as well as bluegrass, rockabilly, Western swing and honky-tonk music.
“Come on, man,” Anthony said.
The prison sentence, and the subsequent collapse of his business group during the Asian financial crisis in the 1990s, were a fall from grace from which few Koreans expected him to recover.
(The one Gabrielle Giffords used to represent.)
Get out of bed and do something that distracts and relaxes you, like reading a book.
But the following year, revenue in the same category fell 13 percent, to $1.58 billion.
In this book, Gorongosa is a microcosm of the planet.
Ashley Ford joined the Los Angeles office, handling business development for integrated advertising.
Chiang Chen, 9, whose mother, Lin Mei-Chun, brought her to the city so she could take classes in graphic novels and do-it-yourself room design at Curious Jane, at the Marymount School on the Upper East Side, is living in a loft in SoHo.
; and wholesome Vietnamese fare at Bon Me in Cambridge, Mass.
Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, 258 Main Street.
They found that a small increase in exercise, a moderate decrease in smoking and a decline in the purchasing of fast food were offset by a substantial decline in total physical activity.
“It takes a lot of courage to see yourself at the Olympics — to be able to see that in your head and then brush it away.
At 2 p.m., Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts, Brooklyn College, Flatbush and Nostrand Avenues, Flatbush, Brooklyn, 718-951-4500, brooklyncenter.org; $15.
And because of an editing error, the article misstated the time elapsed since Ms. Constand’s suit was settled in 2006.
The drawing is “a little like James Joyce’s ‘ Ulysses ,’ ” Ms.
(Scott) ‘The Lego Movie’ (PG, 1:40) This movie is an energetic stew of visual wit, action, family-film sentiment and pop-culture japery, with lots of celebrity voices.
“The idea of a unified Taliban group was always an oversimplification,” he says.
(Mr. Mowat, in the interests of science, tried living on them, too, and found the diet nourishing.)
But that isn’t one of the choices, is it?
“The gangs say things like, ‘You work for me now.’ They asked me to join, and I said, ‘Let me think about it for a few days,’ so I left.
Several of his guitars were played for the occasion.
Flipping through 180 degrees so often that it can be disorienting, “Patema Inverted,” showing violent resistance to miscegenation — and an elderly villain with an unsavory fixation on the childlike Patema — may be a little scary for small children.
In May, though, the government announced that WeChat would be more heavily monitored.
“People from all over the world come here and they wonder what’s going on,” he said in his strongly accented English.
REDS 4, BREWERS 2 Alfredo Simon moved into a tie for the N.L.
With multiple receivers working the sidelines, Brees waited in the pocket as Moore, releasing late and working underneath the other receivers, sprung free in the middle of the field for the touchdown.
Contributions to annuities are not tax-deductible, as they are for many pension plans, but there is no limit on the amount that can be used to fund an annuity, so it can be a useful tool for savers playing catch-up.
Rarely do these corporate committees stray outside the 40 percent to 60 percent range for either party.
“Things happened so fast,” she said, her bright smile fading.
“The idea behind it is to pick something you want to focus on, like health or world peace,” Dr. Adema said.
The first word from General Motors that the Chevrolet Cobalt had a dangerous safety problem came nine years ago, in a letter to dealers warning them that the cars could suddenly stall because of faulty ignition switches.
From the United States to Western Europe to Japan, long-term interest rates are falling.
The best assumption – for retirees, future retirees, other investors, pension-plan managers, federal budget analysts and anyone else whose life depends on stock prices – is that returns in coming years will be modest at best.
The seven-member band, under Nolan Bonvouloir’s direction, provides lively accompaniment, and the talented eight-member chorus of Addams ancestors (who emerge from their crypt in ghostly makeup and wigs deftly designed by Britt E. Griffith) adds vitality to a show that says it is exploring “darkness, grief and unspeakable sorrow” but is really celebrating the power of showbiz.
The suggestion is that if forests and writers alike survive to see the project through, we, or our successors on the planet, have done something right.
At a news conference to announce the arrests, Sim Gill, the district attorney for Salt Lake County, who is an elected Democrat, criticized the Department of Justice’s actions in the case.
A villager found Mr. Musid and brought him to the hospital here for treatment, doctors said, after the other captives in the smugglers’ camp, also Rohingya men from Myanmar, fled with their jailers before a raid by the Thai authorities.
It took 90 years for women to earn the right to ski jump in the Winter Games and just a day to crown their first Olympic champion.
It’s who we are.” Yes, it’s in his DNA, along with long stretches of evolutionarily conserved DNA found in yeast, fruit flies, mice and — horror of horrors — primates.
Sanofi’s announcement did not contain much detail.
Everything they do not spend they can pocket, tax-free.
This year she was seeded just 19th, though, a reflection of her uneven play on other surfaces.
These questions, which were fielded in December 2011, asked a representative sample of 45,000 people about legislative and executive branch leaders.
1 train, Jeanette Speights, from Washington Heights in Manhattan, listed the underground stretches shallow enough to allow occasional service — often found, she said, along the Seventh and Eighth Avenue lines.
Instead of making a firm military commitment, however, Mr. Erdogan on Saturday underlined the importance of setting up a buffer and no-fly zone inside Syria to prevent an influx of refugees, and called for training and equipment for moderate Syrian opposition forces.
Less than 48 hours later, World Vision reversed course, calling the decision “a mistake” and pleading for forgiveness.
Airbnb hosts in Brazil earned roughly $38 million from reservations during the World Cup.
The Cougars almost did so a fifth time at Oregon in nonconference play on Dec. 21, blowing a late lead and falling, 100-96, in overtime.
“Fase,” the first of these pieces, is, as its title indicates, set to music by Steve Reich: four compositions (seminal ones from the ’60s and ’70s) based on the process of “phasing,” in which two repeated lines go in and out of sync.
The piece begins with Mr. Ujvari standing naked in one corner of the stage, holding a red rose and reciting a love poem.
Mrs. Clinton is a popular figure among Democrats and enjoys a wide lead in early polls, but some progressives are wary of her style of politics and believe that widening income disparities in the country call for a more confrontational figure.
“We are a big family, we are good friends, everyone is jumping during the year.
The answer, disturbingly enough, is that he did it by falsifying police and secret service documents and pretending to hold several government and other official posts, Spain’s national police say.
For a total Beaton immersion, head down the road to “ Cecil Beaton at Wilton ,” a show of his photos from the 1930s, which runs through Sept. 14.
I should add that this determination for education is one of the reasons I’m optimistic about Vietnam.
In Iowa, a Democrat, Bruce Braley, had a 12-point advantage among women over his Republican rival, Joni Ernst, who led by 15 percentage points among men, in a poll conducted for CNN/ORC International this week; over all, the two were statistically tied.
The monk, who died eight decades ago, is lionized for his piety and devotion to his followers.
This time, the White House’s calculation was even more complicated because Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. left Friday for three days in the Virgin Islands.
Thutmose III was in the fourth decade of his reign when, in 1443 B.C., he commissioned two obelisks, quarried at Aswan and floated down the Nile to the capital at Heliopolis.
Walter Langdon, 25, is a patriarch in the making.
So if you must have nachos (for this is a football-game feast and your faith may require them), why not make good ones, with a shredded pile of Mexican-inflected pork shoulder, plenty of toppings and a snowfall of lime-scented sour cream?
It’s like my last little exclamation point to my beauty routine.
While the novel unfolds from a variety of perspectives, the film opts for a more straightforward approach.
A man took steps while counting backward from 100.
That story sailed to the top of the most-emailed list, drew a new band of readers to the original article and kicked off a national conversation about class at business schools.
Eventually he prevailed and was sworn in, and his example has given hope to other would-be politicians that they can fight and win.
Democrats have countered that the real purpose of those laws is to make voting more difficult for people who are likely to vote Democratic.
“It was a dead zone,” he said, referring to the eastern province’s Shinwar district.
The district favors Republicans in statewide elections, but Democrats are hoping Libby Willis, their candidate, can overcome Konni Burton, a Republican.
I suppose that would be love.
The company says that when the Innate potatoes are fried, the levels of acrylamide are 50 to 75 percent lower than for comparable nonengineered potatoes.
The practice is believed to have originated about 4,000 years ago in Egypt or the Horn of Africa.
It’s like someone on a medical support system and you have to determine whether to pull the wires or not.” Until now, the costliest search and recovery effort ever undertaken followed the crash of Air France Flight 447 hundreds of miles off the coast of Brazil in 2009, reaching about 115 million euros, roughly $160 million at the time, over the course of two years, according to estimates by experts who participated in that effort.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
COMING UP TODAY • Mayor de Blasio joins his two predecessors and several other city and state officials at the dedication ceremony.
Think about this: Hardly any of the people who were stopped and frisked wound up being arrested, so those stops did not add to the national prison or jail population.
Mostly college students, they were trying to dissuade the Obama administration from approving the 1,700-mile crude oil pipeline from Canadian oil sands to the Gulf Coast.
(Oddly, mosaicking obscures the breasts in the initial protests, though the prurient and liberated will find plenty of nudity later on.)
The director Marlee Koenisberg has staged the material with clarity, but it’s a staid, tweedy show, more Jekyll than Hyde, with bare-bones design, no real scares and only occasional hints of humor.
President Obama’s State of the Union address certainly lacked the raw drama that other presidents around the world generated last week: Viktor F. Yanukovych of Ukraine took “sick leave” as two months of protests sapped his powers; Vladimir V. Putin of Russia was snubbed in Brussels; the love life of France’s François Hollande remained stubbornly in the news; Mohamed Morsi of Egypt was confined to a soundproof cage at his trial; Bashar al-Assad of Syria heard no weakening of calls for his ouster at peace talks in Geneva.
“This is the most challenging year for us,” said Farid Abu Athra, the head of the education program for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, which runs schools for half of Gaza’s students.
Lincoln Center’s spring ballet season — this year’s begins with New York City Ballet’s opening night on Tuesday — is a regular phenomenon, but its scale still makes it extraordinary.
Milled and baked into whole wheat bread, the emmer was a revelation — intensely sweet and nutty.
Earnest said the Secret Service should release accurate information as soon as possible.
Nevertheless, it is also germane to the concept of bingeing, when 62 episodes of “Breaking Bad” wait overwhelmingly in a row like bottles of Newman’s Own on a shelf.
King Juan Carlos stands out among these living anachronisms.
By then, if a morcellator was used, it is too late to prevent the spread of the cancer, and the woman’s chances of long-term survival are significantly worsened, the agency said.
Yet unlike dengue and chikungunya, malaria can be prevented, even treated, with medication.
The film offerings include 1989’s “Angano, Angano” (Saturday at 2 and 7 p.m.), an early example of ethnographic filmmaking in which storytellers recount legends of the Malagasy culture; the country-hopping “Legends of Madagascar” (Friday at 2 and 7 p.m.), from 2012; and the surreal 1996 drama “When the Stars Meet the Sea” (Monday at 2 and 7 p.m.).
He also reached outside himself to understand the struggles of the oppressed and neglected, an effort he traced to a lifelong “uneasiness about unearned privilege.” (At 15, he had rebelliously had his name dropped from the Social Register.)
Eventually, the mayor’s office called charter allies and donors, including Success Academy’s board chairman, Daniel Loeb, according to an article in The Times, asking for a truce and assuring that de Blasio wouldn’t stand in their path.
In a statement, Mr. Deitsch defended his efforts to help residents find other places to live.
With permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company.
PURCHASE The Performing Arts Center, Purchase College “The Very Hungry Caterpillar,” “Little Cloud” and “The Mixed-Up Chameleon,” Mermaid Theater Company of Nova Scotia.
Therefore, if China adheres to the development path it has chosen, it can establish it as a successful institutional system different from those followed by Western countries.” — GERRY MULLANY LinkedIn, the career-focused online networking service, says it has begun complying with Chinese government censorship requirements for its mainland Chinese platform.
He guided the team to the Stanley Cup finals in 2011-12, his first season, but the Devils lost that series in six games and have not returned to the postseason since.
An article on Saturday’s Florida, Louisiana and U.A.E.
He may not share his father’s appreciation for the wilderness, but his administration must follow the statutes and regulations that still protect the state’s nearly three million acres of forest preserve.
“Nothing can be more commercial than an I.P.O.
Now that the season is two weeks from ending, the split feels close.
It starts with getting a better handle on the difference between skill and luck.
In Britain, the newsreel persisted into the mid-1970s, and the champion producer of these films, British Pathé, has been uploading its newsreels to its own YouTube channel for several years.
Many secular liberals make the same mistake.
My husband hates the museum.
The reductions have created widespread delays in civil and bankruptcy cases, he wrote.
South Africa (No.2) The Springboks are the only team to have beaten the All Blacks this year, but losses to Ireland and Wales took some of the gloss off that success.
It could propagate sexually, releasing puffs of perhaps a million spores from a filamentary stalk.
Unicredit’s decision to own up to its problems was widely seen as a response to heightened bank scrutiny by the European Central Bank, which is in the process of a broad review of euro zone banks to uncover hidden problems.
I mean, every year there seems to be a guy wearing Cody Ross’s uniform.” The Giants claimed Ross, a journeyman outfielder, on waivers in August 2010, at least partly to block him from the Padres, who were then in first place.
Mr. Putin seemed to respond to the outraged international demands growing daily that he intervene personally to rein in the rebels — particularly to halt the degrading chaos surrounding the recovery of the remains.
The vigil followed unrest early Saturday in which hundreds of demonstrators engaged in a standoff with the police.
As Hollywood’s version of Jackie Robinson, the charismatic Mr. Poitier was not just a screen presence but also a meaningful screen presence: For even the most mediocre movie, he introduced a repressed national history and raised the stakes.
If you have to choose one area to start with, that would be the famed 6th Street, which is lined with music venues and bars.
“With Brian you know that he won’t just make the right decision, but he’ll excel in the execution of it,” D’Arcy said.
Sept. 14 at 3 p.m. Free.
STORRS Jorgensen Center for the Performing Arts The Georgia Sea Island Singers and Earthtones, vocal ensemble music.
So our trips were always memorable to me.
Recently it has produced about a third of that or less.
Now Volquez is a free agent, like Francisco Liriano, who started for the Pirates in their 2013 wild-card victory.
The report contained what the team’s chief executive, Steve Koonin, called “offensive and racist” descriptions of Luol Deng, a native of what is now South Sudan who is currently signed to the Miami Heat, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
They still struggled to produce offensively with their new lineup, even against the rookie Ranaudo, who grew up in New Jersey rooting for the Yankees.
It couldn’t resist the pun: Central Library, Brooklyn Public Library, 10 Grand Army Plaza, Prospect Heights; 718-230-2100; bklynpubliclibrary.org .
(They were married during the drawn-out filming process.)
Mr. Obama, officials said, delayed announcing the steps he intended to take in Iraq until the planes had safely cleared the area.
This series introduces some of the standout, rising stars from the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.
But even then, said Mr. DeYoung — 6 feet 8 inches tall and barrel-chested, nicknamed Shrek by his wife — eats only about half what he used to.
But there is a catch: That means the diverted money has to be replaced, and that means more spending.
In case your D train is delayed, these works repay study.
Television commercials seemed to be running nonstop, imploring voters to help family farmers by opposing the amendment.
One of those was Chrysler, which sponsored a popular Dodge Challenger simulator attraction in a parking lot promotional spread for the Weinstein Company’s “Sin City: A Dame to Kill For.” Another car company, Hyundai, sponsored a display for “Legends,” a crime series from TNT.
The Colts also released receiver Da’Rick Rogers, for what Coach Chuck Pagano called “conduct detrimental” to the team, and placed the reinstated linebacker Robert Mathis on the reserve/nonfootball injury list.
Their solution was a model of mathematical efficiency and elegance, and it helped earn Professor Roth a Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science in 2012.
“We don’t get that many chances to have a major race in the U.S.,” Ligety said.
NEW YORK TIMES Weill Named Chairman of Hamilton Insurance | Sandford I. Weill, whose financial career has spanned five decades, could be a boon to Hamilton if it decides to pursue other acquisitions.
What is your franchise fee?
But for Mr. Cuomo’s side, more work is required, because much of Mr. Astorino’s public life is only now being scrutinized in a serious way.
Does evil demand an explanation?
Isn’t it time high-end smartphones were cheaper?
— Melissa MarkViverito (@MMViverito) 30 Jun 13
A subsidiary of Monsanto, the world’s largest seed company, had been a major supplier.
President Obama says he now believes that the Constitution guarantees a right to same-sex marriage in all 50 states but expressed support for the more incremental approach taken by the Supreme Court.
“I wanted to get a hands-on experience, and I was sick of doing A-levels,” said Mr.
When you are on the back nine and you don’t have to worry about playing another front nine, your only obligation is to tell people the truth.” Under state rules, Mr. Christie — who handily won re-election last fall — is limited to two terms as governor.
But he said the need to protect police officers and the public thwarted attempts to apprehend him.
It’s working and there are no side effects.”
School officials offered them seats in public programs, but Mrs. Nockenofsky, a special-education teacher herself, said those settings were not appropriate for her children’s skill levels.
Each fragrance that is momentarily so right — so me — inevitably loses its spell.
For-profit colleges focused on providing adult learners with valuable job skills at an affordable price remain open.
At least one person was killed.
A United Nations helicopter carrying cargo in South Sudan crashed on Tuesday, killing three of its four Russian crew members, the United Nations Mission in South Sudan reported .
The portion was small, the finish big.
The debate was sponsored by The Buffalo News and WNED/WBFO, a public broadcaster.
“That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq,” he added, using an alternative name for ISIS.
Facebook, because of its own long-term interest in expanding its advertising reach in the developing world, can make that Internet more accessible.
8 P.M. (Hallmark) HOME & FAMILY HOLIDAY SPECIAL The show’s hosts, Mark Steines and Cristina Ferrare, are joined by Candace Cameron Bure, Lacey Chabert, Genie Francis and Marilu Henner in this two-hour program featuring decorating and food tips, Christmas carols, and performances by the Australian musical group Aria and the gymnastics troupe AcroArmy.
Earlier this month, 400 enthusiasts dressed as Napoleon-era soldiers re-enacted the emperor’s arrival on the island.
But once the movie sheds its armor and turns comfy cozy, she reveals a heart under the brass.
Alessandra Ambrosio and Vanessa Hudgens were among countless bloggers and festivalgoers seen showing off their adornments.
Ms. Johnson Sirleaf’s request was made several days after Mr. Obama, in an interview on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” called the disease a national security priority and said the United States must lead the international effort in containing the spread of Ebola in Africa.
These are ripe years for the idea of getting involved with show folk and girl singers, too.
This year’s tax filing deadline is April 15; if you need more time, you can use Free File software to file for an extension.
A theme park this is not.
“Obviously, hitting in the middle of the lineup, playing every day, I take it tough,” Wright said.
The early results also reflect consumer demand for bigger phone screens.
He graduated from Hunter and received a medical degree from SUNY Downstate Medical College in Brooklyn.
Basalt benches echo the interior basalt walls.
The violence has been fanned in part by a dispute over the holy site in Jerusalem revered by Jews as the Temple Mount and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and the site of Al Aqsa Mosque.
It is your policy of inciting separatism and crude pressure placed on Ukraine that threatens us and all Ukrainian people,” the letter said.
Lange, as the film notes, struggled with how to balance her career with her role as mother.
to monitor the agencies’ compliance for three years.
William’s brother Benson died in 1978 and his brother Henry II in 1987.
But the United States, which had been the highest-scoring team in the tournament, could not get the equalizer.
Lion Theater at Theater Row, 410 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 232-6000, breakfastwithmugabe.com.
pavilion, where visitors could experience what was supposed to be a futuristic information search.
But negotiations lagged for several months.
“The presumption in the question is that, you know, he was going to McDonald’s for milkshakes every Friday night, and we could have just picked him up in a taxicab,” he said.
After the World Cup I will go to visit her.
And you were aided by being on a local television show?
“Everyone knows you are not a real player,” he observes, “until you secretly prefer losing.” He’s certainly picked the right game.
“He said, ‘We can’t be an in-betweener,’ ” Mr. Nides said.
1-ranked Ivanovic, who started the season with a title at Auckland, New Zealand, and produced a major upset to eliminate top-ranked Serena Williams in the fourth round.
The wound on his back left a muzzle imprint on his skin.
Mike Maker, who trains General A Rod, is among Wildcat Red’s admirers.
Ms. Hartzog said most states require public schools to offer kindergarten, and several of them, including Arkansas, Oklahoma and South Carolina, require children to attend it on a full-day basis equivalent to the time they would spend in first grade.
In the stronger scenes, she sets her sights on gaining the approval of her literary idol, Rat Billings (John Cusack), a punk poet and fading ’90s literary star who is teaching at a nearby university.
And the smattering of Xs in the center and the southeast were fun to crunch on.
But because he has decided not to be tested for the fatal neurological disorder, they are considering in vitro fertilization with pre-implantation genetic diagnosis.
The number of open jobs remained near a 13-year high in July, a government report on Tuesday showed.
While at least one such program, Happy Hour Yoga with Joe Sixpack, started in 2008 in Philadelphia, the practice seemed to gain in popularity after the Bendy Brewski yoga program started two and a half years ago in Charleston, S.C.
I once laughed when my friend slipped off a cliff during a hike.
Baseball fans who are short of retirement, especially those in New York, are familiar with Kiner as an announcer who spent half a century with the Mets, enlivening their broadcasts with shrewd analysis, amiable storytelling and memorable malapropisms beginning with their woeful first season in 1962.
Line a platter or wide bowl with the spinach, top with the rice and lentils, garnish with sliced radishes, and serve.
Germany is the clear leader in labor market recovery.
Not surprisingly, Democrats have largely been critical and Republicans largely supportive.
Any particular paperwork you carry?
As performed by Mr. Harris and Ms. Hall, they are also, improbably, as infectiously tuneful as anything else on Broadway now.
Essentially, these shoots are infants, harvested early.
The decision came from all four Fed governors in Washington, including the new chairwoman, Janet L. Yellen.
Ziad Zafar, the head of Pakistan for All, says the vigilante-style campaign has been successful on social media, and has struck a nerve in the government: A senior figure in the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz, the party of Nawaz Sharif, the prime minister, complained to Ali Gul Pir about being “mocked” in the video.
This puzzle has a bit of history behind it, too.
“We find ourselves in a stalemate that can only embolden perpetrators,” Ms. Bensouda said.
Just this month, federal researchers reported that health risks for the approximately 25 million Americans with diabetes had fallen sharply over the last two decades.
They buy lots of dollars, which increases the dollar’s value relative to their own currencies, thus making their exports to us cheaper and our exports to them more expensive.
But of late there has been some concern raised in the judiciary about the very limited judicial role it has played in policing business conduct, particularly in light of the financial crisis.
In the 1960s, surgeons in Siberia began putting babies in snow banks before heart surgery to improve their chances of survival.
That's why it’s generally not a good idea to stay on antibiotics for a long time.
As recently as 1980, areas with more than a million people accounted for 13 percent of the world’s population.
Two years after a small Houston company named Blue Dolphin Energy reopened the mothballed plant, trucks now line up to take fuels for shipment across the state.
Expect a very entertaining shootout.
The last two weeks have served as a prologue to Thursday’s football doubleheader: No.
To Indulge: A Japanese Take On New England Pies Akiko Hirano, a baker and teacher who has been selling New England-style pies at her bakeries in Japan for many years, has now added one in New York.
“I don’t think there is anything inevitable about a war.
But Mr. Kerry made clear that cementing a nuclear deal had been a much higher priority than trying to change Iran’s position on Syria.
It speaks to the people that spend that type of money.
will cite another part of the law — Section 706 of the Communications Act — for its authority.
And if she guessed wrong, the car must be behind Door No.
They detail the adventures of two 7-year-olds: Bean, a.k.a.
But by including “added sugars” on the label, the F.D.A.
The news might come as welcome to Democrats on Capitol Hill and in the White House who are struggling to defend the law in an election year.
The number of Romanians applying for a national insurance number more than doubled, to 47,000, in 2013 compared with the previous year, according to the latest figures from the Department of Work and Pensions.
Maxwell House joins a long list of vintage Kraft Foods brands being refreshed — among them A.1 steak sauce, Cool Whip, Jell-O, Kraft Macaroni and Cheese and Stove Top stuffing mix — after the company spun off its faster-growing cookie and confectionery brands into a new business, Mondelez International, in 2012.
They have a tendency to speed through their dialogue, leaving no space for thought or feeling.
He said his downtown bet was either going to make him look really good “or it was going to make me look really foolish.” Uptown, Mr. Swig was making an equally big bet on a building called the Sheffield.
In Cameroon, a volcanic lake suddenly released a cloud of naturally forming carbon dioxide in 1986, suffocating 1,700 people.
And while virtual chats and hugs will never be the same as their real-world counterparts, they can come awfully close in a pinch.
She wiped out on one of her triple jumps.
Knowing that Ms. Gillibrand, a New York Democrat, was active in the fight against sexual assault in the military, they hoped to grab her attention for their battle — a long-simmering and, until recently, largely ignored problem on Capitol Hill.
Much educational activity, such as lectures and textbook readings, is aimed at helping students acquire and store knowledge.
Ms. McDonald’s terrific performance moves beyond mimicry to become a haunting portrait of a troubled artist who could only find equilibrium in her life when she lost herself in her music (1:30).
The gunman directed the third man in the crew behind the back counter to load his own bag.
In letters to the company’s unionized workers, Mr. Gelb, who is seeking to cut pay and benefits, wrote that “if we are not able to reach agreements by July 31 that would enable the Met to operate on an economically sound basis, please plan for the likelihood of a work stoppage beginning Aug. 1.” He added, “I sincerely hope to avoid such an unfortunate event.” Mr. Gelb said in an interview, “If we haven’t reached agreements, the Met really has no option in my opinion but to impose a lockout.” The contracts of 15 of the company’s 16 unions expire on July 31, and several unions bitterly denounced Mr. Gelb’s warning.
Risk management is easier for nations, companies, and even individuals when the likelihood and consequences of possible events are readily understood.
Cuoridoro is also the name of the alleyway that leads to the building.
Consider the experience of John J. Scroggin, who runs a tax business and estate-planning firm in Atlanta.
; members pay a monthly fee, plus an annual rider for cancer coverage.
SPORTS An article on Monday about the Yankees’ 7-4 victory over the Chicago White Sox in 10 innings referred incorrectly to closer David Robertson’s blown save.
We refer here to the matter of tourist helicopters, about which the new administration has not yet conveyed a position.
“There is nothing that can explain it,” she said.
In this sweeping first novel, a manuscript prophesies the murder of Richard II, and Geoffrey Chaucer is also in danger.
“All the crazy stuff like robotics is the best thing for the company,” said Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray.
Health experts, on the other hand, say they also lure children.
In many areas of Pakistan, the killing of a woman whose behavior is seen as immodest is accepted according to traditions.
“It’s an event that may have occurred only once or twice” in evolutionary history.
MONTCLAIR Academy Square “The Window,” group show and “Artist as Mentor,” featuring the work of artist members and their students.
Tina Maze, 30 and in her prime, proved why she was the best women’s skier in the world last year with two gold medals, and Maria Höfl-Riesch, 29, continued her climb toward the Olympic women’s record for most Alpine medals with a gold and a silver.
Mr. Copé and his party renewed their attacks.
As a result, specialists are returning to strategies that were popular before the opioid era, like physical therapy, behavior modification and psychological counseling.
Friday at 7 p.m.; Saturday at 11 a.m. and 2 and 4:30 p.m.; Sunday at noon and 3 p.m.; Wednesday at 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.; New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, 212-239-6200, gazillionbubbleshow.com; $55 to $75; lap seats for ages 2 and under are $20, cash only, at the box office.
Somebody has to stand up for Muslims in a modern way.” He said that he had been impressed by Mr. Modi over a period of time.
Presented by Isango Ensemble, a troupe from South Africa, this staging uses African instruments for Mozart’s score, as well as inventive forms of percussion, like glass bottles filled with water.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Mattatuck Museum, 144 West Main Street.
“We joke that the kids can learn to walk, talk, read and write at their own pace, but swimming is a must,” she said.
While the sculpture was expected to sell for around $45 million, its estimate encouraged rather than scared off collectors.
As part of its structural changes, UBS’s operations in various regions will be required to shoulder more of the risk for their operations.
Ms. Varian and Mr. Roberts at first declined.
“These are New York Knicks colors,” she told NBC’s Shaun Robinson (Halloween also came to mind), adding that she had started the day watching funeral services for Michael Brown, the teenager shot to death in Ferguson, Mo.
There’s always indirect power in those songs, tertiary sourcing, hidden juice.
Meanwhile, the largest Democratic fund-raising group, Priorities USA , which helped get President Obama elected, recently rebranded itself as a vehicle to help Mrs. Clinton.
He fired six to eight shots.
The policy of not making concessions to terrorists and not paying ransoms has put the United States and Britain at odds with other European allies, which have routinely paid significant sums to win the release of their citizens — including four French and three Spanish hostages who were released this year after money was delivered through an intermediary, according to two of the victims and their colleagues.
He’s no longer the goth-styled, crotch-grabbing character he was while touring for his solo albums.
LAKEVILLE The White Gallery “The Gate to Hell,” Avery Danziger.
Average lecture speed is 100 to 125 words a minute, but college students listening to a lecture write 22 words a minute by hand; they type just 33 words a minute.
On Wednesday, energy stocks led gains for the S.&P.
You do wonder why the WSJ published this screed.
“Everyone thinks I am some kind of wild animal,” she wrote despairingly from prison last month.
RICHARD RAMPELL Princeton, N.J., April 25, 2014 The writer is a Princeton alumnus and the father of a Princeton graduate.
When I find Mr. Morgan telling me what it all means, I have a similar reflex to dismiss what he is saying.
To do that, Teva has expanded the staff of its patient support operation, Shared Solutions.
Who”) and investigating a more everyday realm in “The Ladies Room,” inspired by the social rituals of that space.
In short, there is, as yet, no indication that the real goals of law enforcement — reform and justice — will be met.
A rainout would leave a void in my baseball travels.
Senators from both parties, more than a half-dozen of whom just returned from Ukraine, urged the Senate to move quickly and the House to follow.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note plunged as low as 2.30 percent, the lowest since June 2013, as traders seeking safety shifted money into government bonds.
Now, analysts estimate that Alibaba may be worth anywhere from $130 billion to $235 billion.
“My prediction is that we will see more specialty communities popping up, including ones run by large national fraternities and sororities, allowing seniors to once again experience the partying, socialization and spirit of frat life they had in college.
In 2011 and 2012, 166,000 adults ages 16 to 65 were tested in the O.E.C.D.
For Republican governors, the resentment is now as much operational as it is ideological.
It’s not like anything you’ll find in Belgium.
Years earlier, he was pleased to be on President Richard M. Nixon’s so-called enemies list.
Now easy to dial up, the system drops the clutch at 3,500 r.p.m., torching the rear tires and scooting the BMW half-sideways like a teenager ditching a truant officer.
(Charles Isherwood) ‘Beautiful: The Carole King Musical’ This friendly, formulaic jukebox show about the New York-born singer-songwriter might as well be called “Brooklyn Girl,” so closely does it adhere to the template of the mega-hit “Jersey Boys” (about the Four Seasons).
But right now roughly half-a-million children are born each year as a result of unintended pregnancies, often to unmarried women who are not on contraception or are trying to use contraceptives like condoms or the pill.
The “cult of grandiosity” was a term coined by the art historian Arnold Hauser to describe the prose style of Victor Hugo and the taste of his Second Empire readership.
Look for the “play” button below.
Those impressions, those generalizations, are rarely reflected in pop culture.
His father is professor emeritus of physics at the Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1 in Lyon.
We had already booked ferry tickets to Topolobampo, and missing the boat, which sails only twice weekly, was not an option.
But it was Hamas that launched rockets into Israel and now takes credit for killing three Israeli teenagers to start the current war.
The Louisiana ruling was an outlier, coming after a remarkable winning streak for marriage equality in more than 20 federal decisions and does not erase the near-consensus so far in federal courts.
Tysons ranks eighth in retail square footage among the nation’s shopping hubs, with nearly 4.8 million square feet, according to the CoStar Group, a Washington-based marketing research firm, and that number is likely to grow as more office and residential buildings increase the demand.
You see every kind of person here.” Brown Sugar kitchen, along with B-Side BBQ (also owned by Ms. Holland and her husband, Phil Surkis) and Fauna, an Art Deco bar on Telegraph that adjoins Flora, are just a few of the restaurants that lure San Francisco diners to Oakland.
Hawthorn Park’s competition in the Lincoln Square market is currently rental buildings completed around 2011 and earlier, such as the Corner at 200 West 72nd Street, the Aldyn at 60 Riverside Boulevard and the Aire at 200 West 67th Street, Mr. Jacob said.
Of interest is how the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, seems intent on using Western figures to try to sway American opinion.
Schadenfreude is a necessary exercise for émigrés, at least for those who believe their exile will be permanent.
At 5:30 p.m. (the meeting place will be given with reservations), 212-465-3331; $22, not including drinks.
(Contrary to accusations by some of her detractors, Dr. King said she has not been paid for her participation in the documentary, which was confirmed by a spokesman for the Smithsonian Channel.)
He left the game after six innings and only 88 pitches.
It has been more than seven years since our wedding day.
“To be really successful these days — meaning superrich — entertainers have to diversify their portfolios while they are still famous,” she says.
Critics panned many of the features, calling them technology for technology’s sake.
With the passage of it, Germany, France, Britain and the Netherlands have or soon will have higher minimum wages than the current and proposed minimums in the United States, and only six countries in the European Union will be without a statutory minimum wage: Austria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, Italy and Sweden.
The Supreme Court made a closely watched ruling today on public prayer that left the principle anything but resolved.
Which Kentucky will we see in the second half?
“I realized, I could like this person.” Still, bliss did not come instantly.
Kinder Morgan plans to expand its Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to Vancouver to more than 800,000 barrels a day, from 300,000 barrels, and despite local protests, many energy specialists predict the provincial and federal governments will reach an accord that will satisfy most people.
“If I were the president, I’d probably want Congress to get off my back, but there is a value to this system that we have here of checks and balances and forcing people to clearly articulate what this mission is all about,” Mr. McGovern said.
“I’m getting spoiled here,” Sherman said.
“Normally tourists come to Ubon and go straight to Laos,” Mr. Boonaree, 33, said.
Linguistically, underneath the distractions of incivility, America is taking a page from Dale Carnegie’s classic “How to Win Friends and Influence People.” There is, overall, an awareness of the states of minds of others in much of what is typically regarded as Clearasil-scented grammatical sloth.
WHITE PLAINS Purdy House “Images of the Past: Jews and the Civil War,” discussion.
The statistical guru and political prognosticator had been extremely popular with readers and had brought a new audience to the paper and its website.
He has suggested that the fungus may weaken the plants in a way that prevents them from making chemical defenses to ward off the marsh crabs.
Introduced in 1993, the Bourbon County Stout was ranked as one of the world’s top 20 beers in a tasting survey run by Stanford computer scientists.
But to make the case for his agenda and to convince skeptical Republicans in Congress, Mr. Obama is also emphasizing how the recovery has fallen short.
Hundreds of officers had assembled on Tuesday to enforce a court injunction demanding that protesters stop blocking Argyle Street in Mong Kok.
A statement by the Pakistani military said the five militant hide-outs were destroyed through “precision airstrikes” in the northwest of the town of Datta Khel and in the Shawal Valley on Wednesday morning.
Echoing a phrase used by waves of refugees in the past, Mr. Sheikh said, “I don’t think we’ll be here for long.”
It also bars Cubans in the nascent private sector, most of them self-employed people known as “cuentapropistas,” from importing supplies for their businesses.
“Open your joints,” the choreographer Shen Wei quietly exhorted his troupe recently in a large, airy studio at the Mark Morris Dance Center.
The colt was in full flight.
In a quiet and efficient start to the system, the call on the field of a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Pittsburgh Pirates was upheld, and the process took less than two minutes.
Trade unions had sought a minimum hourly wage of 22 Swiss francs, or $24.65, in what they said was an effort to ensure fair salaries for workers in the lowest-paid sectors, such as retailing and personal services.
has reorganized its sprawling engineering organization and centralized all safety functions under a new vice president, Jeff Boyer.
“Our business practices in China are designed to be compliant with Chinese law,” it said in a statement.
We see Piper (Taylor Schilling) return from Chicago (“She is risen,” one inmate whispers, as she marches past, silent and slightly slo-mo.)
Mr. Obama said he could not rule out that Cuba would take actions that the United States found “deeply troubling” over the next few years, but that this was not a reason to avoid opening ties.
LILAC SIGAN Kfar Shmaryahu, Israel, Sept. 27, 2014 The writer is an author and journalist.
Let’s put these lives first while we wait for our societies and communities to sort out the rest.
Evidence of the debate is everywhere, with signs on shop windows along the Royal Mile displaying the preference of the owners, and stickers like “End London Rule!” plastered to sidewalks.
In 1996, it was a new Republican Senate leader.
How long did you stare at this puzzle before you spotted the theme?
The government was still corrupt, poverty was still rife and economic opportunities and jobs were still scarce.” Radical Islamic groups, Siollun says, filled this moral vacuum, as they often had in Nigeria.
But the advances seem to be in pockets of the economy.
But Dougherty is an unusual case: As someone who reads reasonably widely in religious media, I would say that for the most part I hear much more about angry anti-Francis conservatives — both from liberal Catholics and from conservatives wary of traditionalism’s excesses — than I actually hear from them, and I can’t think of a case where a stridently anti-Francis Catholic voice has particularly influenced my thinking on this issue.
But its beginning on that street, Cameron Place, was obscured by tangled, contradictory narratives.
Ms. Horvath’s resignation attracted much attention in the tech community, as an example of the sexism and alpha-male culture that are endemic in software engineering.
“You could make money off it,” said Andrea, a 21-year-old recovering addict from Great Kills.
So the question becomes, ‘Does that change anytime soon?’ ” He noted that the Fed had been very cautious and has pledged to keep rates low for the foreseeable future.
The kind of computing D-Wave pursues seeks to define a problem’s answer in terms of an optimal outcome among a near-infinitude of possibilities.
“There’s no one else that does it for me.
Tech is no longer primarily technology driven; it is idea driven.
Nutritional information per pirozhki: 82 calories; 4 grams fat; 1 gram saturated fat; 1 gram polyunsaturated fat; 2 grams monounsaturated fat; 34 milligrams cholesterol; 9 grams carbohydrates; 1 gram dietary fiber; 89 milligrams sodium (does not include salt to taste); 3 grams protein
Money received by crowdfunding should be taken into account when you fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or Fafsa, the form used to determine how much you and your family must contribute to the cost of your education, said Mark Kantrowitz, publisher of Edvisors.com.
But half of the time, more patients than expected died of congestive heart failure.
What would be the financial ramifications?
In 2012, he received $21 million in Medicare reimbursements.
John W. Engeman Theater at Northport, 250 Main Street.
“Obviously, people are going to say, ‘How can you walk away from that much money?’ ” Lester said.
Overflowing hospitals have turned away sick patients, and a dearth of trained medical personnel and proper equipment has compounded the spread of the brutal disease.
Mr. Tillis, for instance, has called raising the minimum wage “a dangerous idea.” Ms. Hagan’s record, said Sadie Weiner, a campaign spokeswoman, “is a strong contrast with Thom Tillis, who leaves North Carolina’s middle-class families hanging out to dry as he pushes his special-interest Tillis-Koch agenda that cut public education by almost $500 million, froze teacher pay, gutted unemployment insurance and opposes raising the minimum wage.” Ms. Hagan’s campaign rebuts the idea she is not visible in the state, saying she has held town meetings in each of North Carolina’s 100 counties.
IN 2009, I wrote a cover story for Wired magazine about the anti-vaccine movement and profiled Paul Offit, a leading proponent of vaccines for children.
No group has claimed responsibility.
Cook threw another interception that was voided by a defensive penalty.
On June 23, more than 30 residents showed up at the indoor gymnasium at Holly Oak Park, a proposed new polling place.
Government meddling happens regularly in international soccer, and FIFA is forever issuing yellow-card warnings and red-card suspensions for interference.
The toy soldier role makes use of Daniel Ulbricht’s brilliant, if mechanical, technique, and the part of the cutesy paper doll disguises most of Erica Pereira’s inadequacies.
Spring for Music, in only its fourth season, is evidently a goner.
That court battle echoed Mr. Baraka’s periodic brushes with the law throughout his adult life.
“Rutgers’ invitation to me to speak has become a distraction for the university community at this very special time.” “I am honored to have served my country,” she added.
As a result, Amazon found itself no longer selling e-books at below cost, and its rivals began competing on service, spurring new entrants to the market and the release of innovative e-book devices.
“My influence will be a little bit bigger,” Ms. Negrete McLeod told The Hill in explaining her goodbye.
The financial collapse could have been truly catastrophic, save for the action the president and the Federal Reserve took in the first year following the meltdown.
Chris Ivory, dreadlocks flapping, ran like a dervish.
“None of the insurgents have managed to breach our security and enter.”
You get 3 percent of a hotel stay back in Orbucks when booking on desktop, 5 percent on mobile, just 1 percent for flights, etc., etc.
Ms. Olsen has a spry, tensile voice that’s deeply expressive, but she only unleashed it sparingly here, as if it might crack the ceiling.
… When Obama was re-elected, Americans were led to expect that the U.S. would not be preoccupied with foreign conflicts and crises, and for most of Obama’s second term just the opposite has occurred.
(Davis blamed it on a “snow snake.”) His second run was doomed from the start, out of balance until he crashed while landing a trick.
If one big thing is lacking here, it’s the occasional shift from extreme intimacy to an overview; Mr. Thomas never speculates about the state of the wider world or where his characters’ beliefs really lie.
April 17 at 7 p.m.
As the country’s strongest institution, it is still widely admired.
As the men began to run drills, Allen Wong, a telecom technician with a high-and-tight fade and carefully matched athletic wear, wrapped his fingers, thumb and a palm with white athletic tape.
In a nation where the preeminence of ethics in both politics and journalism is absolute in theory but ambiguous in practice, the prime minister and the editor occupy roles that require relentless negotiations with a higher authority from whom they derive their powers.
Hong Kong, a former British colony, was returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under pledges that it would have a fair degree of autonomy.
Today, the river runs free from its headwaters in Olympic National Park to the Strait of Juan de Fuca, and a terrible wrong imposed on the salmon-dependent Lower Elwha Klallam tribe has been righted.
I phone my friend Aed to ask about this.
“I’m not sure you can really speak of it as a full-fledged language yet,” said Ben Zimmer, a linguist, “but it does seem to have fascinating combinatorial possibilities.
Registration is $15 and $20 per car.
Her work is widely taught and her most famous play, “A Raisin in the Sun,” is back on Broadway for its second revival.
Over pictures and news clippings, the film creates a voice-over (read by Jim Stanton) from the elder Mr. Hayes’s words.
She has set herself apart and, implicitly, above.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Advent Said to Seek $2 Billion Latin American Fund | The private equity firm Advent International is said to have indicated plans to seek about $2 billion for its latest fund, which would be used to increase its investments in Latin America, Bloomberg Businessweek writes, citing unidentified people familiar with the situation.
She traced with her index finger an imaginary railroad into the Russian heartland, through the black earth of southern Russia, across the Volga River and into the industrial towns that dot the Ural Mountains a thousand miles away.
As a result, athletes at the lower end of professional pay scales were in some cases actually losing money over all when they played in Tennessee.
This month, Shakr announced it had secured its latest funding from Posco Venture Capital, bringing its total funding to $3 million.
Ms. Sobule, 49, who had her biggest hits in the 1990s with songs like “Supermodel” and “I Kissed a Girl” (no connection to the identically titled Katy Perry track), is hardly above such gimmickry and describes “Dottie’s Charms” as both a creative experiment and an act of defiance.
“But this year, they are showing off their companies.” Mr. Klein said that the interest seemed to be reciprocated from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors.
Done right, vegetables get a tinge of color and stay slightly crisp, and meats get brown but stay moist.
7 p.m. [$250] • For more events, see The New York Times Arts & Entertainment guide .
As the ceremony wound down out front, Rice circulated among friends.
More of these homeowners may have enough equity now to refinance, but that would still mean a mortgage with a market-level interest rate.
Vassar has taken steps to hold down spending on faculty and staff.
A referendum on a draft constitution will be held next week, followed by the announcement of either presidential or parliamentary elections.
It’s also a community with no hard-and-fast height limits on development, and its real estate can cost as little as half that on the other side of the park.
Palestine and Kashmir are imperial Britain’s festering, blood-drenched gifts to the modern world.
As General Manager Brian Cashman said, “we could play that season over 99 times, and it would not come out the same.” But so far the Yankees have made no knock-your-socks-off additions the way they did last off-season, when they added McCann, Ellsbury, Beltran and Masahiro Tanaka.
That lease would give Syncora a 40 percent return on its investment, the memo said, and one-fourth of that would be shared with Detroit.
And there have been examples galore of unglamorous singers who take us to profound, sublime places through their singing.
One house was donated; two were purchased for $1,000 each.
The only problem is that the lender never informed him of that option, according to his lawyer, Kathryn Liss.
Ms. Admati argues that banks are taking larger risks than other kinds of companies because they use other people’s money, and the results are that they keep crashing the economy.
FIGHTING Superman is super hard.
(We have sent messages on Weibo to the people who posted them to confirm their meaning.)
And those who do rarely attain the earnings power of peers who attended elite colleges.
While obstacles to completing a merger remain, shares of Pfizer surged 4.2 percent on Monday, signaling investor appetite for such a deal.
“I’m not much of a talker, but I can,” James said.
For his part, Mr. Moonves said CBS Outdoor would be “ a fabulous stand-alone company.
“All parents are told is sleep the child on their back.
“This is a boon for any future habitable-zone planet-finding mission,” Dr. Seager said.
The wave of cancellations, coupled with the stumbling rollout of the online marketplace, caused a political crisis for President Obama that continues to affect Democrats around the country.
In November, Catalonia plans its own vote on independence from Spain, although in that case the Madrid government has called it illegal.
He lamented the Tea Party’s influence on national politics, bemoaned what he described as the “culture wars” over education policy, and frequently referred to social inequality as his city’s greatest challenge.
German fans watching a live broadcast of the game in Berlin.
These pictures remind us that Las Vegas began its rise as the borscht belt began its fall: It was its de-Judaized transformation.
And the duchess may have had appreciated the flexibility that Ms. Riley’s clothes seem to provide.
“He was actually very visionary,” says Ronny Gal, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein who has covered Allergan for nine years.
Since then, he said, wait times for doctor visits at the hospitals across the country have gone down.
Mr. de Blasio has faced the sharpest criticism from the president of the union for patrol officers, Patrick J. Lynch, who along with other officers turned his back on the mayor on Dec. 20 at Woodhull Hospital after Officer Ramos and his patrol partner, Wenjian Liu, were shot dead in their marked car.
refused to change its schedule for the tournament, which will be held in Schenectady, N.Y., from Sept. 27 to 29, the complaint said.
as a positive for the party.
After that, we relive the crash and then enter the limbo of a ghost world.
But much information was redacted and some reports were withheld as confidential, including all reports by the Navy’s inspector general on patient safety or quality of care.
//t.co/OVUwKCwcbc — Belkis Wille (@belkiswille) 23 Jan 14 @BedeOnKidRights Yes!
But some analysts warned that Mr. Abe could still face a public backlash if he is seen as rushing to return Japan to its pre-accident status quo, especially if he fails to convince enough voters that the plants can be made safe.
“You can’t have an effective church that’s going to be welcoming if it’s full of people who are angry,” said Bob Tate, the executive director of Truro.
He has also worked at The Washington Post and Newsweek.
“We need a new regulatory framework that is reasonable and inclusive of providing this new form of short-term accommodation commercially,” he said.
Meanwhile, roast asparagus and make dressing: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Council members also said they were worried about an overzealous application of the “broken windows theory,” which holds that curtailing low-level offenses can help root out more serious crime.
I was in a piece by Richard Maxwell in the Seven-Minute Series when I was in high school — just a totally utopian alternative to 11th grade.
(Senator Carter is the son of Jack Carter, the eldest of Jimmy and Rosalynn’s four children.)
“I knew what they were going through at that moment,” she said of these visitors.
His first book, published when he was 28, met with blazing success and universal praise.
Then you bring in Mr. Harris, who had two hit series on television (“Doogie Howser, M.D.” and “How I Met Your Mother” ), to lure in less adventurous theatergoers.
The announcement represents the next phase of an Energy Department push to invigorate the industry by promoting innovation to help bring the cost of offshore wind power into line with that of conventional electricity production.
Two foreign tour operators held an emergency meeting with Nepal’s Tourism Ministry on Wednesday to try to break the impasse.
A report released Thursday showed that the military had made progress in its handling of sexual assault cases, Pentagon officials said, as they fought the perception that an 8 percent increase in reported assaults in 2014 signaled the military’s problem was growing worse.
Worldwide payments made through cellphones are expected to rise 38 percent this year, to $325 billion, compared to 2012, according to the research firm Gartner.
“It was scary and it motivated me to work at something I was interested in,” she said.
WEEKEND The Carpetbagger column on Friday, about the competition for the Academy Award for best picture, misidentified the relatives of Solomon Northup, on whose memoir “12 Years a Slave” is based, who were introduced during the campaign for that film.
argued that the family had no standing because the defective car, a 2005 Cobalt, was not made by the G.M.
3, followed by the “Lord of the Rings” series, “To Kill a Mockingbird,” “Moby-Dick,” “The Catcher in the Rye,” “Little Women,” “The Grapes of Wrath” and “The Great Gatsby.” The list seems to reflect a spurning of mass-market best-sellers and a return to school-reading-list classics.
Four men, high school friends who grew up in 1960s Wyoming and played together in a garage band, reunite 30 years later in Carlson’s bighearted novel.
(Johnson) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘The Flowering of Edo Period Painting: Japanese Masterworks from the Feinberg Collection’ (through Sept. 7) This museum’s Japanese galleries have been pulling crowds with a recent series of theme-based exhibitions.
“Chaps who, while seldom dropped from the lineup, continually whiff, in all senses, in the game of life.” But Reinhart’s existence is not without meaning.
Chris McCullough (Antoinette Thornes) has been with Tony DeMarco ( Timothy John Smith ) for a decade, and there’s still a sexy, teasing vibe between them.
She said she felt both Scottish and British and would not be bullied into giving up either identity.
For one thing, almost any major Supreme Court case presents a range of options, narrow to broad, for reaching a desired result.
C is the seasonally adjusted figure for the household survey, which asks people reached by telephone who in their household was employed.
Mr. Kraus, who has owned the Barking Zoo pet supply store for 14 years, focuses on locally sourced, organic pet food, high-end pet accessories and “I Love Chelsea” dog sweaters and souvenirs for the tourists.
As would happen several times throughout the ordeal of the next week, and for long afterward, Hart was lurching between conflicting instincts.
Brad Bacon, assistant general counsel for Crestwood, said it was “not in the business of spending 50 to 60 million dollars on something we don’t feel is safe.” But there is also a distinctly cultural element at work.
It has also suddenly raised prices on some Hachette books and has changed its page design to more prominently recommend other titles.
If he starts hitting .195, we will have to take look at getting him out of there, but right now he is getting on base and doing all of the things you want.”
But no Parliament has tackled the death penalty with any rigor, leaving the practice in place while the justifications for it still go undiscussed.
The suspects fled on foot.
But in other moments, it has also made me nauseatingly jealous of my friends, even as I’m aware of its unreality.
She graduated from Connecticut College.
A draftsman of extraordinary talent, a hoarder and mystic obsessed with maps, travel and transportation, van Genk obsessively recycled found imagery and materials and his own drawings into collages and fanatically textured paintings that convey the sights, sounds and very static of modern life.
And even now, its officials are careful to call on Israel and Hamas to comply with international laws and, as Mr. Krähenbühl put it Thursday, “to respect the sanctity of U.N. premises.” Regardless of the verbal volleys, there is little that United Nations officials can do without instructions from the Security Council.
In a paper published this spring , they found that middle initials are still popular in fields that place a strong emphasis on intellectual performance, like academia, law and medicine.
Martin Luther King Jr. said, “We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.” Please, God, can someone invent this gadget quickly?
As Loretta McCready on FX’s “Justified,” she plays a tart-tongued high school drug dealer.
To restore notifications after you are done reading, swipe down to the Quick Settings menu and tap the Quiet Time icon to turn it off.
In March, the House of Commons transport committee issued a report that criticized the company’s handling of fatalities at railroad crossings in the past despite reducing the risk of such deaths by a quarter since 2010.
The University of Minnesota said it was working with the Minnesota Vikings to keep the Washington Redskins’ nickname from being used when the two teams play on campus in November.
In his dive the other day, Mr. Anderson reported seeing four per square meter, including the big one he found the other day.
Then, in a radio appearance Thursday, Woodson assessed the season as “kind of a disaster from a coaching standpoint,” citing his inability to get his players to perform at a high level.
), but nothing else rose to take its place (boo!).
Each contains a link to a slideshow of the day in pictures.
Vada Hill joined Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, Parsippany, N.J., as chief marketing officer.
Mr. Kirwan came from punk.
More than ever, the kind of place where Americans live — metropolitan or rural — dictates their political views.
But Mr. Lal said he would accept Mayawati’s help.
Since 2011, he has served as an appointee of Mr. Christie on the New Jersey-Israel Commission , a group established in 1989 to promote trade and cultural exchange.
HUDSON 510 Warren Street Gallery “Poppies and Pixels,” watercolors and iPad paintings by Nina Lipkowitz.
And while Ms. Scott certainly understood the public relations value of having a famous boyfriend (his attendance at her shows all but guaranteed her coverage outside the pages of WWD), she also wore that association lightly, shutting down anyone who tried to pry too closely into the nature of their relationship or those who seemed too eager to use her as a way to meet the rock star.
Deconsecrated churches have been turned into health centers, libraries, museums, restaurants and even a roller skating rink.
That’s quite a high wage considering the job does not require a college degree, is part time and can be done during flexible hours.
“The Party” is an anxiety dream predicated on the awkwardness of Sellers’s every interaction.
The original commercial “was designed for a limited run,” a Capital One spokeswoman writes in an email.
“I know a lot of fans were worried when Disney bought Lucasfilm,” Mr. Filoni said.
Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com .
But I looked at the opportunity.
“But the reality was that they were better on paper,” she said.
Administration officials worried that the public would see the vote as a sign that Mr. Obama was considering a deeper military involvement.
Skating for a university situated at the epicenter of college football might seem disorientating by itself.
Call me.” Or: “Try to hang in.
Rob Glaser, co-founder and chairman of Real Networks, a maker of music-playing software that has struggled with changes to technology and to its own business model, complained to Mr. Costolo that Twitter had not changed much from its original design.
Countries can even choose to ignore the deal and submit no plan at all.
Other performers, no matter how good otherwise, generally end up sounding forced when they attempt a Beatles cover.
You feel his touch everywhere: in the installation, the catalog, the simple map and the crazily ornate checklist, both handouts that are an essential part of the show.
While Sansa’s defense of Littlefinger wasn’t terribly surprising, her self-assuredness was.
This is the problem.” A spokeswoman for the manufacturer of MCHM, the Eastman Chemical Company of Kingsport, Tenn., said it was cooperating with authorities, but declined to make studies of the chemical’s effects public, calling them proprietary.
Before the forces of apathy reassert themselves after this latest tragedy, there are things that could be done to address this frightening crisis.
Many young South Koreans suffer physical symptoms of academic stress, like my brother did.
He also said that the bank was working on eliminating about $400 million in unnecessary spending.
Payman remained composed until I uttered the word “education.” Tears came to her dark eyes as she told me that her hopes of finishing school and becoming a writer seemed like a threadbare dream now.
There remains “more of a neighborly sense in Harlem” than elsewhere in the city.
Pryor acknowledged he was late for meetings, but played it down a bit by adding that “it’s not the first time” it has happened to a player.
When I was there five years ago, it was a hellish war zone.
Gross orders for Airbus, before adjustments for model conversions or cancellations, stood at 1,077 aircraft, compared with 1,106 for Boeing.
The Intelligence Committee’s report tries to refute each of these claims, using the C.I.A.
If it didn’t work, it would mean that the top-down, diplomatically constructed two-state concept was over as a way out of that conflict.
She also regaled her wide circle of friends in New York with an annual New Year’s Day feast for which she cooked all of the traditional items: black-eyed peas, ham, roast chicken, greens, rice, candied sweet potatoes and more.
As the good-bad title character, Nicolas Cage gives his most serious and persuasive performance in years.
Total time: 30 minutes 2 to 2 1/2 cups finely diced cucumber (use a seedless variety such as a long hothouse cucumber, a Japanese cucumber or Persian cucumbers) Salt 1 1/2 to 2 cups plain Greek yogurt or drained yogurt (to taste) 1 to 2 garlic cloves (to taste), cut in half, green shoots removed, and mashed to a paste in a mortar and pestle with a pinch of salt 1 to 2 tablespoons (to taste) chopped fresh dill or mint Freshly ground pepper 1 cup cooked red or black quinoa 1.
The samples were rushed to the CDC in Atlanta and will undergo up to two weeks of testing to establish whether they are dead, Monroe said.
All the hydrating, massaging and stretching that I had done to prepare for the race seemed for naught as the same calf and hamstring cramps that afflicted me in previous marathons were again a culprit in this one.
At the other table, the auction was identical to that given, except that Bing Zhao (East for China) overcalled two clubs on the second round.
In the months before bonuses were handed out, the trading floor started to feel like a neighborhood in “The Wire” when the heroin runs out.
Another issue is the proliferation of blue-green algae, technically called cyanobacteria, which poses health risks to people and animals.
Alibaba and its closest Chinese rival, Tencent Holdings, have carried out a flurry of deals in recent months as each seeks to shore up market position and expand into new business lines.
Another development has come from the improvement of technologies and the importance of the film’s aesthetics.
The stakes are not small, nor is the issue academic.
It’s a sure thing.’ ” The result, “To Kill a Mockingbird,” was published in 1960, and for nearly a half-century afterward the Browns and Ms. Lee kept their secret.
Asiana had no immediate comment.
When I made a list of my favorite bowls of ramen in the city, I put it in first place.
Well, in addition to reviewing applications for tax-exempt status for nonprofits, the Exempt Organization Division investigates complaints against nonprofits.
A select Senate committee initiated widely televised hearings to determine “what the president knew and when he knew it.” Then in July 1973, Alexander Butterfield, the deputy chief of staff, stunningly revealed that Nixon had installed a secret taping system in the White House, in his Executive Office Building suite and at Camp David.
In the 1994 Democratic primary for mayor, he defeated Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly, who had been unable in her single term to turn the city around, and several other candidates.
The enforcement action, issued in 2010, prohibited Harvard from paying dividends and repurchasing common stock and required other compliance measures prompted by concerns over the bank’s capital and risk-management plan.
Much of the pot produced in the United States still comes from illegal or semi-legal grow sites, even given the surge of production and processing in states with recreational or medicinal laws.
According to generally accepted accounting principles, Carlyle earned $25 million in the quarter, 27 percent lower than in the first quarter of 2013.
And the Infiniti Pro by Conair Curl Secret ($100), which took five years to develop, according to Robin Linsley, the company’s global vice president for marketing, uses a motor to draw hair in and beeps when finished with a range of styles.
Mr. Lucchetti said that he managed to complete some books in just three days.
Further arousing their suspicions, one of the men immediately fled the scene.
Huddled in the Peat Inn near the Scottish university town of St. Andrews, Mr. Cameron told a group of advisers that Mr. Salmond would have his referendum.
The Bear Stearns rescue, after all, cemented the notion that the taxpayer would be there to bail out aggressive financiers.
“You saw things last night that were the result of a lot of new parts,” Coughlin said Tuesday in a conference call.
I want it to be about my voice and what I’m saying.
Just down the road from Google’s main campus here, engineers for the company are accelerating what has become the newest arms race in modern technology: They are making it far more difficult — and far more expensive — for the National Security Agency and the intelligence arms of other governments around the world to pierce their systems.
Opponents say they are particularly concerned about a provision in the law that allows someone with a criminal record to obtain citizenship, at the discretion of the internal affairs minister, if the Maltese agency overseeing the program is “satisfied that the applicant is still worthy of being considered for approval due to special circumstances.” Among the worries is that wealthy criminals could abuse this provision by claiming they are fleeing politically motivated charges.
Questions about the time it took Toyota to recall vehicles over sudden, unintended acceleration eventually prompted a criminal investigation — which is still underway — by the United States attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York.
“My father, no doubt having a big race the next day, was waiting for me,” Moore said.
Government officials from China and Taiwan met last week for the first time in an official capacity in more than six decades.
The trade-off later became the basis of the interim agreement.
RAYS 5, TWINS 1 David Price pitched eight scoreless innings to win his fifth straight start as visiting Tampa Bay beat Minnesota.
Lucentis earned Roche about $1.9 billion last year.
“The workplace is ‘uniquely appropriate’ and ‘the natural gathering place’ for such communications,” the board wrote, “and the use of email as a common form of workplace communication has expanded dramatically in recent years.” The board did carve out an exception, saying that in special circumstances, employers might be able to create an overall ban on nonwork use of email if they could show it was necessary for productivity or discipline.
The pungent emulsion referred to as “the butter of Provence” is predictably the hero of the meal; however, it is arguably its accompaniments that make it truly grand.
Over the past nine years, Messi has led F.C.
Prosecutors have said the timing of the mine approval, following the donation, suggested a clear quid pro quo, a favor in exchange for dollars.
Despite my inclination to hate her, I had to admit she was nice.
Lady Gaga, who has lately made a show of dismissing the arms race of chart rankings and sales figures in pop, was quick to recognize the value of Mr. Bennett’s imprimatur.
As many American orchestras bemoan their recent struggles, they might do well to reflect on the challenges that the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra has had to overcome since the brutal Balkan wars of the 1990s and the political, social and economic upheavals that followed.
(That landlord, the Shubert Organization, also owns the Schoenfeld and the Jacobs, as well as 13 other houses.)
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-888-NYT-NEWS (1-888-698-6397).
On Wall Street, financial engineering masquerades as vision.
The Knicks’ offense, high-octane in recent weeks, was stuck in neutral, and stayed there.
It was Italy that raised Machiavellian rumors over refereeing when it went out of the 2002 World Cup against South Korea.
Teixeira , who missed Monday’s and Tuesday’s games after reporting soreness in the wrist over the weekend, will see Raskin on Thursday in New York and may have an ultrasound examination.
from Indiana University, designing and directing a production of “Macbeth” as his thesis.
“We have an advertising budget for men, we have P.R.,” Mr. Reed said.
Analysts pointed to companies like Burberry, which have harnessed social media with hugely popular campaigns, including “ The Art of the Trench ,” a long-running blog that invites people to upload photos of themselves wearing the brand’s signature coat.
Teatown Lake Reservation, 1600 Spring Valley Road.
The church also has sponsored a Cub Scout pack with nine members that is led by two other adults.
A man was found shot and critically wounded in a crashed car in Charlotte, N.C. , early Thursday.
Some economists say that federal agencies should base their buying decisions solely on price.
The company’s unions agreed to their first pay cuts in decades; management eliminated 22 positions, mostly through layoffs; some of the company’s biggest stars agreed to voluntarily cut their fees; fees to vendors and consultants have been reduced by 7 percent; and the Met is working to save money this season by scheduling rehearsals to involve less overtime pay and by trimming the number of people required for some operas.
The system run by the Department of Veterans Affairs is not like the rest of American health care.
Carl Benedikt Frey, an economist, and Michael Osborne, a professor of machine learning, at Oxford University estimate that about half of American jobs — sailors, paralegals, you name it — are susceptible to automation.
Brown came by the dormitory later to get Beach for practice, only to be told that Beach had been cut.
But this maturation process also increases the prospect of losing out on seemingly stupid but potentially brilliant ideas.
And that’s why I didn’t do a mock draft!
But now the bad news.
But he is a keen dance historian who has been collecting photographs and drawings of 19th-century ballets for years, and the choices he makes have the ring of authenticity.
Because he is a choreographer, Warren Carlyle tends to think differently from most people about angles and lines and planes.
cruising speed at a tolerable 10 to 12 m.p.g.
The fourth is the specification of a set of domains and concerns — the eightfold path — attention to which can accomplish that.
In the sixth year of his presidency, the White House is still trying to cast Barack Obama as a regular guy, playing pool and drinking beer (even though he only took a few sips) in Denver with Gov.
The same could be true, of course, of the league’s Hondurans and Costa Ricans, as well as Cahill, the Red Bulls’ Australian midfielder.
He graduated from Northwestern, from which he also received a medical degree.
Oct. 3 at 8 p.m. $40 and $55.
David Dewhurst, Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson, Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples and State Senator Dan Patrick.
They can be obtained separately for Thee Oh Sees and Chvrches online.
Indeed, for both police officials and the Rev.
Nevertheless, your payments might be getting lost in the shuffle, a scenario that can happen when mortgages get transferred from one servicer to another.
“I couldn’t be happier.” In addition to his silver medal, Kenworthy may be taking something else home: puppies.
But one win is a start, even one over the woeful 76ers, who are sticking with their well-established, if hotly debated, plan to build through the draft.
Distributed by American Public Television, it’s likely to pop up on other stations in coming months.
The Election Commission has yet to announce a detailed plan for the completion of voting.
In that same time span, just 12 teams with 150 or more steals went on to win the World Series.
We admire from a distance, and we look away when we get too close and see what is actually there.
As counterterrorism commandos scrambled to respond, some arriving in armored personnel carriers, the fighting centered on the airport’s old terminal, known as the Hajj terminal, and a nearby cargo building.
“I’m going to be sad about it.” Bridgewater, also a junior, had been coy about his future, even after leading the Cardinals to a 36-9 victory over Miami in the Russell Athletic Bowl on Saturday.
Court cases have been postponed indefinitely.
Mr. Kann noted that SolarCity’s deal included an additional $150 million in stock if Silevo hit certain production and price targets.
Solution The solution to this week’s main problem, where you open boxes one at a time, is amazingly simple: stop when you’ve collected more than what’s left.
The award, announced in a company filing on Friday, is 74 percent higher than the $11.5 million that Mr. Dimon earned in 2012.
Last fall, the critic Lee Siegel wrote a long blog post for The New Yorker in which he explained his resolve “never to write a negative book review again.” Not long afterward, Isaac Fitzgerald, the newly appointed books editor at BuzzFeed, announced in an interview that he would be instituting a positive-only book review policy at the website.
Bar Trench At this wee speakeasy, located down an alleyway in Ebisu, the flamboyantly dressed half-Brazilian, half-Japanese bartender Rogerio Vaz pours thoughtful takes on absinthe and bitters.
It wasn’t much of a year for budding voices or surprising developments.
Upon entering the Donmar Warehouse, playgoers were encouraged to keep their phones on, the first of many startling aspects of an evening that coupled the language of Shakespeare and smartphones, public posture and psychiatric inquiry.
Surely, they were meant to be seen as honoring Becket with their attention, encircling him within sacred history.
When those didn’t come through, he looked at picking up some work nearby as a cashier or a waiter.
Brookstone, the struggling retailer known for its consumer gadgets, massage chairs and other home furnishings, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Thursday, with plans to sell itself to the owner of the Spencer’s retail chain for about $147 million.
Despite these concerns, the hedge fund industry has benefited from low interest rates.
Mr. Obama also said that the United States was supporting efforts led by Egypt to broker a cease-fire between Israelis and Palestinians as Israel considers moving into Gaza militarily.
Woodson then replaced him on an interim basis when D’Antoni and the Knicks parted ways in March 2012 , and he was able to guide the Knicks to an 18-6 record over the final weeks of the season, although a first-round playoff ouster then followed.
As one who does not condone the use of derogatory comments directed at exotic fashion accessories — be the item in question a turban or a burnoose, a yarmulke or a fez — I feel, as a matter of principle, that I must stand up for my freedom of sartorial expression.
Young’s case is getting support from both sides of the great, gaping abortion divide.
The rings will be the most stylish and wearable part of an entire project to create smog free bubbles in Beijing.
Several doctors testified that many of their colleagues did not know which plans they were on, and that insurance company websites were riddled with mistakes.
Jasper (Richard E. Grant) from Jessa’s rehab is back, in all his mental, manic, rangy British glory.
The operation in Kharkiv was announced by Ukraine’s acting interior minister, Arsen Avakov, who had traveled to the city to supervise the action.
“The administration seems particularly proud of the fact that Obamacare has added hundreds of thousands of Americans to Medicaid,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the chamber’s No.
Train service was not disrupted.
“The government has the intention to promote Sochi as a destination, but there is no specific plan about how to do that,” Ekaterina Shadskaya, a director at the Russian Union of Travel Industry, said in an email.
A senior administration official said Mr. Obama was encouraged enough by recent developments in Afghanistan, particularly the first round of the presidential race, to avoid the “zero option,” which would have meant pulling out all troops at the end of 2014.
To the Editor: “ Save Us From the SAT ,” by Jennifer Finney Boylan (Op-Ed, March 7), brought back memories for me, as I’m sure it did for many others.
“We’re going to take what’s been achieved here in Beijing back to Geneva to work with our W.T.O.
Maybe aloe vera gel would be the silver bullet.
A medical examiner testified the boy had bruises on his face and chest consistent with having a mixture of pills forced down his throat.
Many imported cars and parts are sold in China at prices many times higher than in other markets, he said.
I was impressed, not so much with his malady as with the hint of futurity in his request.
A question about the number of bedrooms in the apartment stumped her.
has the management structure in place to engineer the spectacle it desires.
“Seeing their reaction, and just how happy they were, was just incredible.”
While his more nefarious pursuits may bring the police and criminal activity to the block, he said each percussive burst was a way of letting people know “we’re still here to help.” Not everyone is happy with the spectacle.
Widely regarded as one of the most innovative and experimental institutions for photography in the world, the center has struggled at times to attract visitors and financial support proportionate to its critical standing.
The yield on the Treasury’s 10-year note rose to 2.74 percent, from 2.71 percent late Wednesday, while its price dropped 9/32, to 100 3/32.
Ms. Joost’s cable-stitched underpants, in fact, are among hundreds of objets on Etsy inspired by the work of Mr. Anderson, whose latest film, “The Grand Budapest Hotel,” opens on Friday .
Through Friday, the theater is presenting wide-ranging programs of contemporary dance, free of charge, to children in participating summer schools, day camps and homeless shelters.
TOMORROW • Border crisis briefing.
The poll, released Tuesday by Hong Kong University and conducted by telephone from Sept. 4 to 11, also showed that trust in Hong Kong’s own, pro-Beijing government had fallen to the lowest point in more than a decade.
When I visited, the clerk handed over a treasure trove: 90 pages of documents, including the coroner’s report, the indictment, the autopsy, the witness statements and even a diagram of the scene.
Educated in Aristotle’s imperfect geography, he sought to reach the outer ocean, “the further limit of which,” Aristotle wrote, “is unknown to the dwellers in our world.” Alexander informed his disgruntled troops, “As for a limit to one’s labors, I, for one, do not recognize any for a high-minded man, except that the labors themselves should lead to noble accomplishments.” He assured them that “those who labor and face dangers achieve noble deeds, and it is sweet to live bravely and die leaving behind an immortal fame.” To which Coenus, reputedly one of the most faithful Macedonians, replied, “If there is one thing above all others a successful man should know, it is when to stop.” Persuaded to turn around despite his fury at the mutineers, Alexander meandered with his army through India’s Gedrosian Desert and Iran for another three years before dying of fever in Babylon.
Unless it’s the other way around.
She graduated from the Louise S. McGehee School in New Orleans and briefly attended Newcomb College for women, part of Tulane University.
The idea that guns, on balance, save lives — which is one of the most common sentiments expressed in the pro-gun comments posted to The Gun Report — is ludicrous.
Chance Jacobsen, Mr. Carlson’s teenage grandson, has worked part time for years to help keep up the grounds and excavate the dugout home of the original Mr. Haskin.
The officials said they met with Russian border guards, but the guards professed no knowledge of the matter.
It began with her decision in Episode 2 of this season to reunite with Cal (Michiel Huisman) — whom Kira now calls “Daddy.” Sarah herself seems uncomfortable with this term, but at the same time doesn’t raise any real objection to it.
If so, that person is counted as unemployed.
More than 20,000 people signed petitions or attended demonstrations and a benefit concert as part of the campaign.
After being waived by the Cardinals before last season, he re-signed with the 49ers and played in every game for San Francisco.
Following that, he left his longtime venue, the cavernous Palais Omnisports de Paris Bercy, for the more intimate Théâtre National de Chaillot, citing the fact that the spectacles he was staging were beginning to overshadow the collections.
He said many times that he did not want to be defined only as a war captive, but his story was so compelling that the Central Intelligence Agency gave him its highest awards and, uncharacteristically, made them public.
[ New York Times ] • A 6-year-old Manhattanite started a book drive to give homeless children a library.
Pledges from donors to fund even that basic work have fallen short by at least $700,000, Mr. Cassar said.
“The driving force behind New York has always been limitless growth,” Professor Steinberg said.
By the time he did sit down to interview, the meeting lasted 15 minutes, and he was soon hired.
championship in 2007 and the Kings taking the title in 2012.
“Many of these women are in immediate crisis,” she said.
She is slow to realize that her husband, Guy (John Cassavetes), has made a deal with the couple next door to donate their child to Satan in order to advance his acting career.
CUTCHOGUE Alex Ferrone Photography Gallery “Metropolis,” three regional photographers.
The agency estimates that on an average F.H.A.
Earplugs were available at the door.
RED SOX 5, TIGERS 3 David Ortiz hit a three-run homer in the ninth inning, and visiting Boston rallied past Detroit to end a five-game losing streak.
This yurt, one of a constellation scattered along Song-Kul’s north shore, was affiliated with the Kyrgyzstan Community-Based Tourism Association.
This discard would have worked only against an expert, whom we shall permit to remain anonymous.
In the courts, they fight over patents.
Some of the government’s own witnesses described a hectic scene, clouded by smoke grenades and the fog of war, in which Blackwater guards believed they were under attack.
When my father first traveled to Antarctica when I was a child, he came back with stories and photographs of Antarctic bases that looked like waste dumps.
That’s not been the case.” Vigneault knew what his players were trying to do, but he was a cold-eyed realist.
Peng Jingchao, 27, a Chinese graduate student in Tokyo, said he had grown weary of arguing with friends, many of them educated overseas, who were actively condemning the protesters on social media.
If that’s the charge against us, then the party must accept it.
“Zhao Ziyang wanted to slowly resolve the problems raised by the students and organize the students to leave Tiananmen Square,” said Yan Jiaqi, a political scientist who before 1989 had advised Mr. Zhao on plans for measured political liberalization.
Legal advocates say the police sometimes use violence to extract confessions and force women to strip for photographs that become evidence of their transgressions.
It is Mr. Bloomberg’s biggest expenditure on any single commercial this fall, said Howard Wolfson, a senior adviser to Mr. Bloomberg, though he has spent more overall on the Michigan governor’s race.
At spring’s start, peas are tender and sweet and need mere seconds of cooking.
What many people don’t know is that Theodor Geisel was a political cartoonist for many years before finding success as a children’s author.
After six months of living with the other family, I was shocked when my parents announced they were getting a divorce.
The four people at the center of the scandal did not give him statements or provide documents, and one of them, it emerged, had said that he told the governor about the traffic scandal while it was happening.
Mr. Washington won a Tony Award in the 2010 revival of “Fences.” • There’s no glass ceiling here.
must be invited in by states, which have strong powers.
“It is upon you polo players, huntsmen, and amateur riders, as well as racing men, that the future of the thoroughbred horse in this country depends,” he told guests at a dinner held at the Waldorf-Astoria.
The chutney has been made well ahead of time, of course.
Mr. Hersch, with his fluent exposition, his rapturous clarity and his elegant assurance of touch, leads the way.
First, it’s too abstract to appeal to anyone.
As Eleanor Randolph explained recently , state signatories agree to give their electoral votes to whoever wins the popular vote so long as enough other states, with a combined 270 electoral votes, pledge to do the same.
Israel does not recognize a civic Israeli nationality, lest that avail equal rights, at least theoretically, to all its citizens and undermine its “ethnocratic” identity.
“At first, neither of us expected to stay together because no high school couple that we had known were able to maintain their relationship once they went off to college,” she said.
Yet sales volumes, which reflect the number of bottles or other units sold, were two to three times bigger in Brazil than in Venezuela, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In his budget request to Congress, President Obama has proposed a new phase of his administration’s Race to the Top competitive grant program, which would give $300 million in incentives to states and districts that put in place programs intended to close some of the educational gaps identified in the data.
There isn’t any similarity to today.” Ed Burstell, the managing director of Liberty of London, said that retailers, rather than actively seeking out promising designers, “are just looking at these finalists and not doing the rest of the work.” But there is something else clearly going on than just judges replacing retailers in the hunt for new talent.
“This is every day,” Dr. Saad said, motioning to the parents waiting on a recent day, some who had walked hours on dusty roads to reach the clinic, and who looked hardly better off than their children.
Jindal was in D.C. yesterday to talk about his plan (full disclosure, I was there), and the Washington Examiner’s Philip Klein has a good write-up of how he responded to, shall we say, pushback on this point: Jindal was pressed on why he chose to offer a tax deduction for individuals to purchase insurance rather than a refundable tax credit.
Mr. Alig ordered a pan-roasted Arctic char and a Coke.
We may end up taking care of those babies, but we’re not going to take care of you.’ And we’ve got to start having that serious discussion.” The right-wing project led by Mr. Tillis, which turned a state with a reputation for farsightedness into a laughingstock, has infuriated many North Carolinians, leading to regular protests at the state Capitol.
He knew his great-grandfather had hired the artist Hans Hofmann in 1956 to encase the elevator core at 711 Third in a Venetian glass mosaic.
She is the daughter of the jailed activist Abdulhadi al-Khawaja; her sister Maryam is acting head of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights and was jailed in absentia on Monday on charges of assaulting two police officers.
Cultural crossover is already well underway in the state.
Three years ago, “Restrepo,” a documentary about American soldiers in Afghanistan directed by the American writer Sebastian Junger and the British photojournalist Tim Hetherington, was an Oscar nominee in the best feature documentary category.
By then, the Giants had tied the game, 2-2, and had the momentum.
“He understood that could make for a messy process and public rehash of arguments.
He even went so far as to say at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in mid-June that the world’s leading endurance race was a better auto sport show than Formula One and that Ferrari would consider joining Le Mans in the future.
A box of pine wood holding broken glass, snow goose feathers and a file-like sheaf of papers, for example, plays with texture and tactility.
The company’s lawyers have painted the warrants as precisely the kind of random government foray that the authors of the Constitution sought to prohibit.
Highlighting her awkward silence and liberally borrowing criticism from Chuck Todd of NBC News, Mr. McConnell makes the case that Ms. Grimes is not fit to handle tough decisions or votes.
In Europe, the tobacco legislation just needs the final approval of member states — something that appears all but certain.
Some observers think a 2 percent contraction is possible.
“I have the best point guard in the country,” Coach Jack Perri said.
Hundreds of thousands have been displaced by the conflict.
He said he stayed out of the case.
Though the fight sequences are impressive, “Tyson vs. Ali” is not meant to glorify the sport.
“Just Gettin’ Started,” “Gonna Know We Were Here,” “Sweet Little Somethin’ ”: Mr. Aldean’s songs get by with muscle, not concept.
“Congress, on the other hand, doesn’t seem to see the need to offer you much more than you already have.” • The morning after.
But the slowdown alone can’t fix Medicare’s finances forever.
Mr. Patterson was to be released from jail the same day, and he was probably on the subway or ferry already.
Ax and their unanimity of spirit are remarkable, and they manage it all virtually without eye contact.
Visitors to the Projexity website post suggestions for exact locations that could benefit from being graffitied with greenery.
“My love,” he tells C.M., “this is how we roll!
The mayor and his predecessor shook hands and embraced.
“But everybody has their own time to come out.
While he was with us, he spent most of his time hiding behind the couch, but within a few seconds of the telephone ringing, he would emerge, make sure that my mother’s attention was occupied by the person on the other end of the line, and then sink his long Burmese canines deep into her calf.
Guitar Festival: Classical Brazil with David Burgess and friends.
“I will be a user of our platform.
The Israeli swimmers, ages 44 to 66, finished in 123 hours 10 minutes, the World Open Water Swimming Association said on its website.
SPORTS Because of an editing error, an essay about the Chicago Cubs in the year-end sports report on Monday referred incorrectly to the team’s history.
It goes as far as is navigable by any boat larger than a ferry or pirogue, a long, wide canoe that is essential to travel here.
Perhaps most of all, said Vincent Fean, Britain’s consul general in Jerusalem from 2010 until this year, Europe is deeply troubled by “the one-state outcome, where Israel is heading fast.” The changing atmosphere presents dangers for Israel.
The items on view include manuscripts, letters, photographs and more from Emory University’s collection.
“Some of the major companies themselves do not like this covert, dirty war style,” Mr. Lipton says.
"Gone are the days when people make decisions based solely on what they would love to wear,” Ms. Gage said.
This team can push the tempo and put points on the scoreboard.
Ahmad Nader Nadery, chairman of the Free and Fair Election Foundation of Afghanistan, said that when he heard of people flocking to polling stations in the morning, his first thought was of how an attack “is going to be the end of that.” Instead, voting persisted and large-scale attacks did not materialize, even in areas where violence and Taliban intimidation had kept many Afghans at home in 2009 and during parliamentary elections a year later, observers and officials said.
The margin of sampling error ranges from 3 to 5 percentage points for each country.
Mr. Garnier said it was unclear, though, how much effect the European Central Bank’s new round of cheap loans to banks would have on the real economy.
Not particularly complex but sweetly accessible, with flavors of caramel, grain and honey.
I mean, for me, they are the Ferragamos of sneakers.
Then they left him there.” Mr. Bontinck, who was released late last year, spoke about his experiences for the first time for this article in his hometown, Antwerp, where he is one of 46 Belgian youths on trial on charges of belonging to a terrorist organization.
But so far, retail results for the quarter have generally been muted.
Mr. Eliasson said that when he refused, they surrounded his car and threatened him, but he was allowed to enter a cafe and call Mr. Eliasson.
And Kidd, in an 18-minute news conference and later with a small group of reporters, evaded questions about the circumstances prompting his divorce from the Nets.
The Huffington Post hosts a lot of link-bait underneath earnest, if partisan, news coverage.
“With the religion, there is black and white, either-or, it will be existential,” he said.
So, with the assistance of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy , scientists are planning a series of brainstorming meetings.
Feminism is rooted in racial rights and gender rights, and all of those things intersect, and to say that that’s not something you can stand behind — it confuses me.
The success of the theme can be traced to the fact that “the power of memories is something that has always been true of the Ritz-Carlton,” Mr. Ruebensaal says.
“The state Health Department has been awful, and in my opinion really is not serving the public interest here,” said Councilman Brad Lander, who represents Park Slope, in an interview.
We’re starting before then.” Amid all that “damage” done to the “image of the Olympics,” as well as the real and disturbing delays, the I.O.C.
There was a lot of reaction like, “Who are you and why do you have this job?” Even now I like to have people around me who will disagree with me and who will tell me when they think I’m wrong or something is a terrible idea.
Israeli officials have not released the names of the youths or other identifying details.
Not only will prosecutors play the confessions in court, but the police will also describe the interrogation, and psychological experts will testify about Mr. Hernandez’s intelligence level and his past mental illness, including a personality disorder.
“When they want me to wear a bunch of clothes for a photograph, it’s one of those things I hate doing.
The front page of the government-owned Rossiyskaya Gazeta the day after the crash put the report on the bottom half — the top story was that Russians were eating less bread and potatoes.
(Not that he needed the horse’s help, charm-wise: “He touched my hand, oh my God,” one woman was heard to sigh as the actor passed.)
Daniel Murphy followed with a double to left field, driving in Wright.
(The $39 tickets are available only by calling or visiting the box office.)
SoundCloud has been linked to a potential takeover offer from Twitter.
But heads of state and government with whom we work closely, and on whose cooperation we depend, should feel confident that we are treating them as real partners.
While at Citi Field, I was struck by the extraordinary opportunity this event would be for brands to get ’em while they were young — not that that’s good, just that it exists — as well as almost instantaneously increase their e-cred by linking up with the celebrities of the social media set.
He then turned his attention to the aftermath of the 1995 earthquake in Kobe, Japan, designing emergency housing with beer-crate foundations and paper-tube walls.
And the photographs Mr. Lee made were unmistakably his, combining an elegant aesthetic with a quiet sensitivity to the human condition.
St. George’s accepts about one of four applicants.
But if the board is reduced to three governors, the challenges would extend beyond asking Mr. Powell to be chairman of four committees.
“Maybe they should try to split their efforts a little bit between the L train and the G,” said Daher Hajje, 31, who was waiting at Lorimer Street for the L to arrive.
Taunton Gardens is about 25 minutes from Christchurch, the South Island’s largest city, with a population of about 370,000.
Jacksonville will be without its top receiver, Cecil Shorts III (hamstring), in its season opener at Philadelphia.
The mayor’s office has not taken a position on the legislation.
It will make your children stupid.
It was like “freeing people from forced slavery,” Mike said.
Mario M. Cuomo visited the scene and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani held an all-points press conference.
is just beginning to learn.
Rubin played impressively, partnering closely with Altidore in some of the Americans’ most threatening attacking sweeps.
Of course, mutual funds still outnumbered E.T.F.s by a wide margin, 7,707 to 1,294, at the end of 2013, according to the Investment Company Institute.
The new law makes Spain one of the few nations in the world to offer automatic citizenship to Jews.
— Dan Bilefsky Petro Poroshenko, a pro-Western businessman, member of Parliament in Kiev and presidential candidate, arrived in Simferopol on Friday to hold negotiations with members of the regional Parliament.
We know the community has felt stuck in some ways, threatened in others, because of limited economic resources.
These interviews have been edited and condensed.
“They just need an Internet connection.
But I do think that when I’m older, and if I passed up the opportunity to go to the Olympics, I’d be like: ‘That was stupid.
In Meiko’s case, the classes have a semiprivate ratio of one teacher to three students, he said.
Recent theater videos in this series include Adrian Lester in a scene from Lolita Chakrabarti’s drama “Red Velvet,” and John Douglas Thompson in a scene from Terry Teachout’s play “Satchmo at the Waldorf.”
It has also sought to ease restrictions on Tanzania’s elephants in order to take advantage of a growing demand for ivory in Asia, particularly in China.
False positives are frightening and expensive, but overtreatment is the potential harm of mammography that worries doctors most, according to an article published last week in The Journal of the American Medical Association .
Obama is, we know, a cautious man, leery of getting ahead of public opinion and therefore sometimes far behind it.
I like to be truthful.
While he might not have the leg he did while winning three Super Bowl rings with the New England Patriots and another with Indianapolis, he is still one of the league’s most reliable kickers.
Ms. Lynch, an alumna of the Chicago comedy troupe Second City, recently made her Broadway musical debut in “Annie,” playing Miss Hannigan.
It’s a world of shadows, ideal for those whose rises and falls depend on eavesdropping and peeking through keyholes.
“It’s, like, mystical with the rain and mountains and the fresh water and the salt water and the hills,” he said.
Ready for a place where the color of money — a reported $25 million over five years for him — will soon take precedence over most talk of black and white.
In the last episode, Professor Mazrui predicted a “final racial conflict” in South Africa that would end with whites’ shrinking from using nuclear weapons for fear of killing themselves and then being defeated in an armed struggle, ending apartheid.
Ms. Teigen (pronounced TEE-ghen), 28, is one of the funniest and unlikeliest voices about food on Twitter , where her audience is approaching half a million people; she has more than 700,000 followers on Instagram .
Members are supposed to be immune to political pressure.
To get the top seed, Denver needs to win its last two games while the Patriots lose at home next week to the (now eliminated) Bills.
Mondays through Fridays, 2 to 5 p.m., with appointment.
Over a 2006 Brunello, grilled rib-eye and three pasta dishes — cacio e pepe, all’arrabbiata and Bolognese — at Villa Taverna, the 15th-century manor that serves as the ambassador’s residence, the group talked until close to midnight about “the importance of understanding science, the future of the universe, how sports brings people together, and many other things,” Ms. Douglass said.
Just when it felt very comfortable, Kyrgios got loose.
But Johnson said he knew from a former Atlanta teammate, Rafael Furcal, that headfirst slides were dangerous.
These words are from the woman who accused Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston of raping her in December 2012.
The advertisers association represents, by its own count, more than 600 companies that sell 10,000 brands and spend an estimated $250 billion each year on marketing.
Indeed, the only losers in the Sterling affair are the players, who must be mystified, if not infuriated, by the millions and now billions of dollars flying around N.B.A.
“They need support to comply with a graduated program, just as they need support to be disciplined in other areas.
But then again, making a pizza, or driving a truck, or baking a cake, or any of countless other jobs are not always enjoyable in themselves, either.
As an authorial God, he’s expressly New Testament (as opposed to the harsher Old Testament God of McCarthy, leveling cities in his brimstony wrath).
The director for this version is Michel Hazanavicius, who charmed Cannes in 2011 with “The Artist” and here paves a road to hell with good intentions, miscasting, reductive politics and dreadful writing.
The sales office recently opened for 15 Renwick , which will have 31 condos, and the RenwickModern at 22 Renwick, with 17 units, was recently occupied, he said.
If Israel continues the expansion of settlements, and peace talks serve no purpose but the extension of the status quo, the real existential threat to Israel will not be Iran’s nuclear program but rather a surging tide of economic sanctions.
His father and his stepmother, the composer Ruth Crawford Seeger, collected and transcribed rural American folk music, as did folklorists like John and Alan Lomax.
Worries that shale extraction can pollute drinking water and damage the environment have turned public opinion against the practice, even though many people are facing rising electricity prices, a result of Germany’s decision to wean itself off nuclear energy and focus more on renewable sources.
“To that end, we decided that the archive of literary documents and correspondence would go to the Ransom Center,” referring to the literary archive at the University of Texas in Austin , while other objects would be donated to institutions in Colombia and Mexico.
Now they may be viewed as walking side by side with them.” Even with the league’s new open-ended commitment, some players may continue to question the settlement, which does not require the league to admit any fault and does not require players to prove that their illnesses are a direct result of concussions received during their time in the N.F.L.
His position: Everything comes from somewhere, and try, just try, recycling any of Henry Timrod’s early-19th-century poetry in quite the way he has.
And we can appreciate that their friendship was — like many friendships between artists — professional, competitive and complicated.
Moss Hart became Moss Hart.
I am disappointed in those in Congress and the media who are using this situation for political aggrandizement.
“The Museum of Extraordinary Things” is, in a way, a museum of Alice Hoffman’s bag of plot tricks: girls with unusual talents, love at first sight, mysterious parents, addiction and alcoholism, orphans raised by unsuitable people.
As flashbacks reveal their marital back stories from the wives’ perspectives, this masterpiece of civilized postwar comedy is a delicious, bittersweet guessing game.
“But I could slit my throat when I think about how much money I could have won playing today.”
Her cover version of Bad Religion’s 1993 rock song “Skyscraper” divested it of its clobbering drive.
“I would love to play for New Jersey; it’s a great organization.
Mr. Putin succeeded Boris Yeltsin in 1999 after Russia defaulted on its sovereign debt.
The reaction was mixed, with cheers for the people most closely associated with the protest movement, and jeers for others.
I never saw that box, and the company co-founder, Debbie Zinman, said that she would see about making it more prominent.
“I feel like I’ve done something right,” he said.
An apologetic American driver explained that she was wearing a new pair of high heels and had been unable to press the brake in time.
On Saturday, Smith told reporters in West Virginia that he welcomed Vick’s arrival.
The result is a cross-country action-comedy in which Ms. Diaz and Mr. Cruise are “a pair of hastily sketched cartoon characters hurtling from plane crash to car chase to further car, helicopter and motorcycle chases, one involving stampeding bulls,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times.
The reader is asked to take a lot on faith, starting with faith in the author’s judgment and in her knowledge of language and history.
Full reviews of recent art shows: nytimes.com/art.
Specialists like nephrologists and transplant surgeons are required to work at state-run hospitals, where they make perhaps $7,000 a month.
Scenes from the Paris Fashion Week photo diary of Alfredo Piola .
The treatment could provide a new option for dealing with one of the painful dilemmas faced by young cancer patients — that doing the utmost to save their lives might impair or even ruin their fertility.
A list of hiking trails the hotel gave me included paths in Inlet Pond County Park, just off Long Island Sound and about a one and half mile walk north.
Most objects were created for domestic consumption.
That may have something to do with a 1997 report by the Utah Geological Survey that concluded that Grand Staircase-Escalante “includes some of the most energy-rich lands in the lower 48 states.” The costs of managing these lands could bankrupt state governments.
With every new demonstration of Mr. Putin’s authoritarian and expansionary tendencies, whether it was the invasion of Georgia in 2008 or the imprisonment of the Pussy Riot members in 2012, the West has become more wary of doing business with Russia.
Hopkins lost balance and fell to the canvas.
If you need Google to get the answer, you are not alone.
He was prepared to fund the project personally, outside his foundation, and he wanted to be personally involved.
The statement by General Prayuth said those who had surrendered were being treated well.
American Littoral Society | Explore the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge with the “guardian of the bay,” Don Riepe .
Because, one must assume, Carey, the emeritus Merton professor of English literature, is an academic through and through.
Shown is a dishware set ($49), from the Hycroft China company, which operated in Medicine Hat, Alberta, until the late 1980s.
While Martin was waiting in the cafeteria line for dinner, Incognito called him a derogatory term and told him not to join them for dinner.
It is mostly devoid of the looming, often expensive installations called “festival art,” while evincing a gratifying affinity for color, form, beauty and pleasure, and a discernible lack of interest in finger-wagging didacticism.
In 2011, Consumer Reports proclaimed the Nook the best e-reader in the land , saying it surpassed the Kindle in just about every way.
But Lauda and Dennis took a stand in favor of sticking with the rules as they are, at least for the 2014 season.
Mr. Kumana and Mr. Gasa gave them what food they had.
Bringing high-speed rail service to the United States was always going to take time and money.
Ms. Corrigan, a botanist and then co-chairwoman of the Connecticut Invasive Plant Working Group, quickly began contacting property owners, and checking roadsides and public properties.
Jimmy does not have the luxury of standing where I stand now — 10 years post-career, with three young kids, a wife, a day job, time to have discovered what is going on outside that mud.
People are focusing on making sure that they do not catch the disease, but not on what needs to be done so people in Africa have what they need to survive.
“We have carried out the attacks to avenge the killing of innocent civilians during the ongoing military operation in North Waziristan,” Ehsanullah Ehsan, a spokesman for the faction, said by telephone, referring to a military operation in the tribal belt that started in June.
One is made with dark chocolate cured in used bourbon barrels.
And so was Del Cambio, with its horrible food and its staid interiors,” he says.
The problem, Mr. Cordray said, is that payday lenders depend for their profits on “people becoming stuck in these loans for the long term, since almost half their business comes from people who are basically paying high-cost rent on the amount of their original loan.” The answer is not to prohibit these small-amount loans.
She said he got a promotion because he happened to be reading The Wall Street Journal one day.
“In general, he said, any name in the top 500 is considered a major name,” Mr. Morioka said in an email.
Ukraine’s highly centralized constitutional system, which grants the president the right to hire and fire provincial governors at will.
With its slow-motion momentum and absence of color, “Visitors” is very different from the Qatsi trilogy, in which gorgeous, time-lapse photography and pulsing music evoked the rush of civilization hurtling into the unknown.
She is a daughter of Susanne Boeke and Jef D. Boeke of New York.
One supporter was suspended from the party over xenophobic comments he posted on Twitter; a member of the European Parliament resigned from UKIP after referring to women as “sluts.” Many commentators say Mr. Farage got the better of two televised clashes over European policy with Nick Clegg, the deputy prime minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats who is Mr. Cameron’s coalition partner.
On Thursday, it was selling “The Silkworm” in hardback for $25.20 — nearly the full suggested retail price — along with the message that delivery could take “2 to 4 weeks.” On Thursday afternoon, the book’s best-seller rank was just 210.
When New America ranked cities by the average speed of broadband plans priced between $35 and $50 a month, the top three cities, Seoul, Hong Kong and Paris, offered speeds 10 times faster than the United States cities.
Judge Hinkle, an appointee of President Bill Clinton, compared bans on gay marriage to the long-abandoned prohibitions on interracial marriage and predicted both would be viewed by history the same way.
My reading life is like an airport where a bunch of planes circle in a holding pattern, then — boom, boom, boom, several come in for a landing.
May 4, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Free.
It also follows a handful of hedge funds and private equity firms that piled into the region last year.
Circuit ruled that the E.P.A.
One day he didn’t look well, and I found out he hadn’t eaten dinner the night before.
Although he sees climate change as an “intergenerational issue” — a way of ensuring the future for our children and grandchildren — he is also a pragmatic man running a publicly traded company.
1 TE Matchup) — He was a total dud with just one catch for eight yards on two targets against the Eagles, but we expect him to bounce back, along with his quarterback, in the best matchup for tight ends.
Eugene O’Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, 800-432-7250, telecharge.com.
The task force, in a report issued last year, recommended that there be a three- to five-year pilot program on rolling back decimalization.
It is also because many young Britons do not score well on “soft skills” such as flexibility, reliability, teamwork, a desire for continuous improvement and confidence.
Its basic characteristics soon became ubiquitous.
And Roberta and I had become very close friends.
The letter was written by the medical directors of the Duke University Infection Control Outreach Network.
Here are a couple of excerpts, but I encourage you to click the link and read the piece in full: The opener: Batten down the hatches; fill the grain stores; raise the flood defenses.
Last month, a United Nations panel sharply criticized the Vatican and called on church officials to rid the priesthood of all abusers and hold accountable any bishops who covered up crimes.
It will be performed by residents.
And while lawmakers wring their hands, the invasion of privacy will continue.
For one thing, the wreckage is in an area that is out of government control.
“They are out-and-out terrorists.” “But some Western media, including CNN, The Associated Press, The New York Times and The Washington Post, were mystifying, confusing, even to the point of sowing discord.
Then take the lead and sit down and talk with each of them privately.
A 17-year-old boy was shot in the groin in Macon, Ga. , early Tuesday.
New York state law bans the sale of spirits, but not beer and wine, within 200 feet of a church.
Gaining control of the camp, the first to be set up by the rebels who helped topple Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi in 2011, marked significant progress for the army after it previously took control of the Benghazi airport.
“He’s saying, ‘I’ll try to replace him with five people.’ It explains the acquisition of Beats.” That doesn’t mean Mr. Cook is uninvolved in product decisions.
He describes a disciplinarian father who hits him and his siblings and eventually leaves to marry a second Muslim wife, and he criticizes his mother and other relatives.
This means that I must l shed my warm clothes, inhaler and cellphone some four hours before the starter’s gun fires, a difficult departure from previous routines.
The power of Ms. Hailes’s agile, alert body is most urgently felt when she’s alone.
from the team’s parent company, the Evergrande Real Estate Group, a property developer based in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou and listed in Hong Kong.
“Could they have used me at the ceremony?” Reid asked, looking up from the monitor.
If you’ve been in a sleek new college building lately, you know how true that is.
David M. Ring, a lawyer who has been representing Ms. Carrillo since the YouTube video attracted widespread media attention on Monday, said that his client was 12 in 1999 and a student at Chemawa Middle School in Riverside when she met Ms. Cordosa, then a teacher and basketball coach.
For example, explore this infographic showing each American’s individual share of federal budget items , or this one illustrating where the Miami Heat and the Oklahoma City Thunder hit their shots .
The movie has stayed with me for weeks, and I feel deepened and enriched by it.
Now, we are united, but we don’t know what will happen later.” In Gaza, Rabab Hassouna, who is 25 and unemployed, said he was happy about reconciliation but could not watch the swearing-in on television because there was no electricity.
“I just don’t think his command was quite as good today,” Manager Joe Girardi said of Nuno, who pitched five scoreless innings last week against the Tampa Bay Rays in his first start of the season.
MYSTIC Mystic Arts Center “The Blues,” group show.
In September, Wildstein had workers block off two access lanes to the bridge from the city of Fort Lee.
In his review , Ben Brantley wrote that the play was “so intent on saying what needs to be said that its voice often lacks shading.” He wrote: “At its best it has the fraught urgency of a dispatch from a war zone, given extra sharpness by reminding you that this same war is still being fought.
“But he’s such a positive person, he just looks forward.” The relationship developed as office romances usually do, with a mutual desire simmering under the lid of friendship for the sake of propriety.
This gentleman is Daniel Aubrey, a 62-year-old man with a gray-flecked goatee.
The square itself surrounds tiny Gezi Park and is covered with concrete and filled with traffic, but the absence of buildings offers at least a sense of free space.
“These laws really are about voter suppression, and they know it.” In North Carolina, Senator Kay Hagan, a Democrat, is in a close race for re-election with Thom Tillis, the leader of the State House, which passed its voting restrictions last year.
The curators — Jeffrey Grove of the Dallas Museum of Art, Olga Viso of the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis and Anna Stothart of the Institute of Contemporary Art — have arranged the show by theme rather than date, a good idea.
Ms. Warren writes about Mrs. Clinton’s close ties to Wall Street as a senator from New York and her support for bankruptcy legislation that Ms. Warren opposed.
“It’s about the journey.” YALE SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT Admit rate: 21% Required: One 500-word essay; three video responses.
Even within his team, there are cross pressures about how to respond, most recently over sending more troops to bolster the security of Poland and other NATO allies in the east.
The later opera “Armida” also receives a new staging by the Italian director Luca Ronconi, to be conducted by Carlo Rizzi.
I don’t disagree with Mr. Sharon when he writes, in a program note, that singers’ voices and heads are their “most powerful expressive tools,” but they are not their only expressive tools.
In the stress scenario, its capital would be depleted, the bank said.
“But I think the choir is larger than most people think.” Still, some advocacy groups in the city have grown impatient with the mayor, who has focused on a small number of big issues during his first months in office.
government, what’s your reaction to that?
is pursuing potential charges under state law with the district attorneys for Salt Lake County and neighboring Davis County.
In addition to imposing its harsh interpretation of Islam, often through public beheadings and other forms of execution, the Islamic State oversees the distribution of fuel and grain.
By Day 10 of its publication in September 1956, “Peyton Place” had sold some 60,000 copies.
Oyster Bay Historical Society, 20 Summit Street.
Mehmet Arabaci, a Hacibayram resident who assists with distributing government aid to the poor, said younger members of the local community found online pictures of Mr. Gozlemcioglu with weapons on the field and immediately took interest.
Ten million of those have pain so severe that they are disabled by it.
By early Friday evening, fewer than 10 claims had been filed, said Camille S. Biros, deputy administrator of the compensation fund.
Of course, cigarettes wreak far more damage in poor communities than in wealthy ones.
Our real challenge is to keep Mr. Putin from any temptation to break up one of the biggest countries in Europe.
NEW MILFORD TheaterWorks “The Game’s Afoot,” holiday farce by Ken Ludwig.
They forced the withdrawal of a subpoena that had been readied for the powerful Real Estate Board of New York, and edited a preliminary report to excise language that would be painful to Mr. Cuomo’s financial backers.
Hawaiian Airlines, with good weather on much of its route network, held its usual place atop the rankings with 94 percent of its flights on time.
Many predict something similar in store for Virunga.
As their creator, Thomas More, put it, “They take great pleasure in fools.”
“You’re having too much fun with this,” the safari leader chides during one of those wonderful circular arguments Stanley instigates with the sharper wits among his intrepid companions.
They and their families have remained close, even as Mr. Schlein crossed over into the corporate world, whose excesses Mr. de Blasio has often protested; the two were known to engage in dinner-table debates over bankers’ bonuses and the Occupy Wall Street movement.
Whatever the reasons, they did not cover themselves in glory.
But many of her jokes come in old-fashioned, comfy packages: Heads Up!, a popular “Ellen” segment (and now a hit iTunes app), is essentially charades.
But in light of the growing proliferation of firms providing political intelligence and after numerous embarrassing news media exposés — including articles by The Wall Street Journal and a “60 Minutes” investigation focusing on whether members of Congress were trading stocks based on information obtained in committee hearings — the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act , or Stock Act, was passed in the spring of 2012.
In 1998, he explained his view of a wrathful God in an interview with The Houston Chronicle.
According to the proposal, owners of a pied-à-terre priced between $5 million and $6 million would pay 0.5 percent of the amount over the $5 million threshold in annual taxes.
“Nope,” Quick said when he was asked if he could smell a Stanley Cup after recording his second shutout of these playoffs, and the first by a visiting goalie at the Garden since Gerry Cheevers of the Bruins in 1972.
By pairing Donizetti’s “Borgia” with Verdi’s “Rigoletto” next weekend, Mr. Crutchfield explores the interconnectivity of these two Victor Hugo-inspired operas.
At 10, Mr. Maher riffs on the midterm elections, income inequality, the Republican psyche, a Trump lawsuit, tattoos and why he thinks the pope is an atheist in “Bill Maher: Live From D.C.,” his 10th HBO stand-up special.
It’s something that people have got to start talking about in a different way.” The initiatives would place a tax on most soda and sugar-sweetened drinks — including sports drinks, ice tea, juice drinks and energy drinks.
I found myself comparing these curiously assembled parts to guests at a party: some arriving uninvited; some overstaying their welcome or making a scene; others leaving without saying goodbye.
He described Mr. Luckey as “brilliant,” saying “his curiosity is almost without end.” Mr. Solana also said something that many who have met Mr. Luckey like to repeat: “He also walks around barefoot at the office.”
• Uber, the online taxi service, lost a second court ruling in Europe.
The contents of many of the gazebos, which are spread over three quarters of a mile, shine with exacting detail.
“I have seizures, but it’s not life-threatening,” Mr. Carson said.
As a survivor of child abuse, she knew feelings of shocked numbness far better than I did.
Operated by Johns Hopkins University in collaboration with Morgan State University, the school, which opened in January, belongs to a $1.8 billion plan that also includes new science and technology buildings, a park, retail development and mixed-income housing.
This Third Intifada is also gaining strength because of the passing from the scene of two key leaders: Nelson Mandela and former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran.
He worked up the nerve to talk to her at the Farhampton train station, and that was about it for them.
At first, the new Jerry Seinfeld show seemed reassuringly like the old one.
“There was a discrepancy there,” he said, carefully choosing words.
The New Museum was created almost 35 years ago to give us art we barely knew existed.
Dealers noted that estimates were consistently higher at the evening sale of Impressionist and modern art at the privately owned Christie’s, resulting in a third of the 60 lots failing to sell and a lower total of £85.8 million.
There were other signs that the government was trying to ignore the latest fighting, which led the news in privately owned Egyptian newspapers.
28 WR Matchup) — The last time these teams met, in Week 7, Randle was covered primarily by cornerback Sterling Moore (26 out of 112, ProFootballFocus.com coverage), who limited Randle to three catches for 36 yards on six targets.
Twenty-nine of the country’s top health officials were indicted last year in connection with the misappropriation of a half-million dollars in vaccination funds.
In the market for government bonds, the price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose 29/32 to 99 2/32, sending its yield down to 2.86 percent from 2.96 percent late Thursday.
He had a 36-pound pack of bricks strapped to his back throughout the hourlong circuit in Times Square, and then ran back to the Bronx.
Edward Hopper House Art Center, 82 North Broadway.
Mr. Buffett follows up by noting significant operational improvement in the energy unit, which was recently renamed Berkshire Hathaway Energy from MidAmerican Energy.
Charts resulting from a statistical algorithm find natural tiers and clusters within fantasy football player ranking data.
“We urge the committee to complete the report and send it to us, so that we can declassify the findings and the American people can understand what happened in the past, and that can help guide us as we move forward,” said Caitlin Hayden, the spokeswoman for the National Security Council.
The White Sox (14-13) moved above .500 by taking three of four from Tampa Bay.
Officials at the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services declined comment for this story because of pending litigation seeking to eliminate observation status.
And some music executives openly worry that discounting their expertise for pure data would threaten their jobs and result in “a horrible, soulless, robotic society,” as one put it a conference in Norway last month.
The administration made the filing late Tuesday in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit brought by The New York Times , hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee made public a 524-page executive summary of its own investigation into C.I.A.
It includes a day-to-evening Gotham shoulder bag ($2,795) and a cross-body Nomad hobo ($2,495), just the thing for spring break travels.
In 2011, Erdogan won his third national election with nearly 50 percent of the vote, which he took as a mandate for the Erdoganization of everything.
He had returned on a break from his freshman year in college to the place he had grown up.
He had children with each woman.
“Just disrupting payments isn’t necessarily enough.” One important laboratory for Square is Starbucks, which struck a prominent partnership with the company in 2012.
Plays were run at a quickened pace, with the Giants smoothly going as many as three possessions without a huddle between plays.
Several people wrapped my purchases in beautiful red boxes and folded the tissue like origami.
For example, a top executive at the United States Hispanic Leadership Institute informed a member of Mr. Ackman’s consulting team in late February that he had already received a $30,000 donation from Herbalife.
The evening service is where I bring my original work to the table.
“There is only one nation on earth capable of rallying and bringing together the free people on this planet to stand up to the spread of totalitarianism,” Mr. Rubio told attendees of the Conservative Political Action Conference, offering a tour d’horizon of affairs in China, North Korea, Iran, Venezuela and Russia.
Without diving into specifics, she writes about going from the “painful end of the 2008 campaign to an unexpected partnership and friendship” with her former rival, Mr. Obama, visiting 112 countries and traveling nearly a million miles as secretary of state, and the tense decisions that led to the raid that killed Osama bin Laden.
I can imagine worse fates for my bones than being housed for eternity — or at least 6,000 years or so — in one of the astonishing ossuaries now on display at New York University’s Institute for the Study of the Ancient World in a modest but weighty new exhibition, “ Masters of Fire: Copper Age Art From Israel .” If facial expressions have any enduring meanings across cultures and time (and it often seems that they do), the figures who adorn these ancient clay burial vaults would provide congenial company.
Hopeful in Hackensack Dear Hopeful: You are a perceptive viewer.
Abbott Laboratories has agreed to buy a Chilean drug company for $2.9 billion, continuing a streak of major transactions in the health care sector this year.
Suppose China had entered its recent slowdown with 20 percent inflation, and with everyone in China expecting inflation to remain at 20 percent.
The mayor finished his speech to tepid applause and no audible boos.
This can be as seemingly trivial as a bag of bagels — all payments above $10 are included — or as lofty as a research grant.
Formed in 2010 to counter messaging from Al Qaeda and its affiliated groups, the interagency unit engages in online forums in Arabic, Urdu, Punjabi and Somali.
For a normal car, that depreciation, in percentage terms, wouldn’t be out of line.
It was one of the largest the doctors had ever seen.
It would be for you to stop trying to change me.
The federal Food and Drug Administration inspected the lab, Analytic Research Laboratories, after the outbreak began and found that it was not following certain procedures , such as properly documenting testing.
It is also one of the most closely watched of a growing number of experiments in academic globalization.
Kiwanuka is a 30-level puzzle game .
He was released after posting a bond.
Mr. Ashmawy, despite his aversion to Queens, agreed to at least see it.
And, as others have pointed out, this one hurts more than just the magazine; it does damage to every woman who has been sexually assaulted and is afraid of coming forward for fear of not being believed or taken seriously.
The release of the new Apple iPhone most likely propelled much of the 12.7 percent increase in imports from China, just as growth in that economy has slipped and caused United States exports to fall 3.2 percent.
The pilot program encourages these residents to come forward, but some are reluctant to do so for fear that they may lose their apartments.
Mr. Mies, 44, the executive director of the Organization for Bat Conservation in Bloomfield Hills, Mich., is a caretaker of more than 200 bats (which is a serious commitment; bats live up to 30 years) and a would-be protector of millions more.
To cut weeds we must dig out the roots.” The campaign includes a new identification card that Uighurs say restricts their ability to move through the region, and policies that discourage women from wearing veils.
After a straightforward auction, Shekhter (South) was in four diamonds.
ON THE AGENDA | Weekly jobless claims are out at 8:30 a.m. Charles L. Evans , president of the Chicago Fed, sits on a panel at 11:50 a.m. in Washington to discuss central banking after the recession.
How is it that everyone — our peers, our professors, even our college president — can say that an honor code makes no difference?
Close to 300,000 people were evacuated from their homes in parts of the states of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh as of Sunday evening, according to disaster and relief officials in each state.
When they fail they experience a profound feeling of inadequacy and rejection.
There is some value in tracing the rise of a particular country based on its World Cup results, but since it is rare for coaches to remain for more than one or two four-year cycles and teams generally have some measure of turnover on their rosters, drawing a conclusion from the tournament outcomes makes little sense.
Her musings are about why different kinds of people — optimists, pessimists; dumb people, smart people — react to life differently.
It also doesn’t tell us how many of the people currently enrolled are those who signed up initially, and how many have cycled in and out of coverage.
From anecdotal evidence, the Election Office seemed to be making it easier for Trianon Hungarians to register to vote than for Expat Hungarians to register to vote abroad.
In “Gorillas in the Mist’ (1988), at 10:45, Sigourney Weaver channels the naturalist Dian Fossey, who embedded herself with mountain gorillas in Africa, in an Oscar-nominated performance in this biopic from Michael Apted.
“But the Republicans aren’t doing anything.
player to leverage his impending free agency to force a trade to his preferred destination.
What are the reasons you had to let them go?
Members of a deeply divided United Nations Security Council spent two hours on Tuesday morning looking at pictures of mutilated, skeletal corpses that were said to have been taken by a former Syrian Army photographer .
The typical American household pays about $90 a month for cable television service, according to the NPD Group, the market research firm.
During his confirmation hearings, Mr. Holder said he disagreed with the death penalty personally but would enforce the law.
Take, for instance, those guilty pleas extracted from Credit Suisse and BNP Paribas.
Less worth mourning, Ms. Arnold observes, is how marginalized women were, relegated to being at best publicists or bass players, almost never record label owners or engineers.
“When you get out there, you’ve got to have fun and help the guys out just like they help me out.” Gibson has opted to let his game do most of his talking, and it had spoken volumes to his teammates even before Saturday’s victory.
And getting Asteroids, along with 99 other classic Atari space games, will cost $10 through an in-app purchase.
Fawzi Barhoum, a spokesman for Hamas, called the invasion “a dangerous step.” “The occupation will pay its price expensively,” he said in a statement, referring to Israel, “and Hamas is ready for confrontation.” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel did not make a public statement Thursday night, but several of his ministers said on television that a unanimous cabinet had authorized Mr. Netanyahu and the defense minister a few days ago to send in ground troops when they deemed necessary.
He asked if I was crying.
It encourages you to drift, take in pictures slowly, one by one, as separate events rather than parts of a scripted flow.
should take a hard look at the rule and how it enforces Regulation FD.
Sure; as soon as you shut up.
Another member of the entourage, Doug Christie, 43, has spent much of his post-playing N.B.A.
I know he’s not the only one.
Nico Rosberg leads Lewis Hamilton in the series championship standings by 29 points.
That is tens of thousands more arrests than in 1995, when there were three times as many murders in the city and the department was in its early embrace of the “broken windows” strategy, which sees enforcement of low-level offenses as effective at preventing more serious crime.
Corporate profits are up 7.3 percent from a year ago, according to FactSet, compared with the 4.5 percent investors had expected at the beginning of the month.
It allows us to make sense of our relationships and social orientation.
Alonzo and her mother shared a bed until Alonzo turned 18.
Here, the soloist is usually a face or a body.” Anne Helen Loesser was born on Oct. 16, 1930, in Cleveland, the only child of the pianist and music historian Arthur Loesser and the former Jean Bassett, an artist who taught her daughter to sew and make clothing.
The bride’s father was a founder and the vice president of Millennium Science & Engineering, the former engineering consulting firm in McLean, Va.
Suddenly, as you may have noticed, millennials are everywhere.
Over the weekend, however, street fighters found documents related to this prestigious American law firm’s work in an unexpected spot: on the tiled floor of the sauna in an opulent residence of the deposed prosecutor general, Viktor Pshonka.
“It really is about doing your homework,” he said.
“I know the situation,” the old man said.
One would put them in a protected category.
They opened accounts in the name of shell companies.
PETER BRODIE Palo Alto, Calif.  To the Sports Editor: Apparently some fans will not be happy until players drop dead from exhaustion.
Along the Boulevard de Clichy, I strolled past the Moulin Rouge and a vivid array of sex shops, strip clubs, adult movie theaters and hotels for prostitution (which is still legal in Paris).
And third, just weeks after the start of school, parents, younger siblings, even the pet are invited to return to campus.
It has launched more than 80 satellites for defense and spy agencies with perfect success record in the last decade.
Still, the data for blood levels of PE shown in The New England Journal of Medicine website was for the triple combination.
In overtime, he chipped the puck past a defenseman, took two strides to go from blue line to blue line to retrieve it, and went behind the net for a wraparound goal that won the game.
“We’ve had regular pro days, but nothing to the scope and scale of what we saw today,” Jason Cook, a Texas A&M athletic executive, said in an interview on Thursday.
But in dry years, boy, it really does come in handy.” Criticized for its use of water , especially in the process known as fracking, the oil industry is focusing on efforts to conserve and recycle water — or, in this case, to increase the available supply for irrigation.
Clearing again tomorrow, and near 70.
I had a certain level of skill, but it wasn’t really what I was meant to do.
Workers placed a bouquet of white roses and hydrangeas in the mall’s courtyard and people left condolence messages.
We can’t afford to lose the experience and seniority Congressman Rangel brings to the table.” Mr. Espaillat, who lost by less than 1,100 votes in 2012, still faces difficult odds in unseating Mr. Rangel.
The American Marketing Association, New York chapter, named three people who will be inducted into the Marketing Hall of Fame for 2014.
“We’ll stop now, but that doesn’t mean we’re giving up.
“We are just waiting for this thing to blow up.” Citing the increasing debt load, Moody’s downgraded the company’s debt last October to Baa1, the third-lowest investment grade rating offered by the credit agency.
Mount Vernon Hotel Museum: ‘Rescuing the Past in New York City’ (through Sept. 7) This two-part exhibition of books, documents and photographs highlights the commitment of heritage societies (like the Colonial Dames of America, which purchased the museum building in 1924) to preservation.
“This is just the first of many trips that we plan to make,” she said from the shore, wrapped in a blanket, a scene that is captured in “ Vessel ,” a documentary about her work that will be released this winter.
“Indonesia is best described as a regional power with global concerns — it’s not China or India,” said Amitav Acharya, a professor at American University in Washington and author of “Indonesia Matters: Asia’s Emerging Democratic Power.” “But by playing the role of a regional mediator and helping to keep Asean together, Indonesia helps to contribute to stability in the Asia-Pacific region and the world,” he said, “since it is in the Asia-Pacific that we have all the major powers — the U.S., China, Japan and India — whose relationships will be key to global stability.” Rizal Sukma, an adviser to Mr. Joko, said the president’s foreign policy would be directed more by business and economic concerns than geopolitical ones.
Mother and daughter continue to travel together.
Dawson, who is also chief executive of the R & A, emerged from the clubhouse and walked down a concrete path that wended around a practice green used by the best female golfers in the world during the 2007 and 2013 Women’s British Opens.
That’s what is inside her.
The stock market was surging.
And the subsidies kept coming.
In 1985, Tamil rebel cadres attacked the train, known as the Queen of Jaffna, and destroyed part of the railway, severing a physical and psychological link between the Tamils in the north and the Sinhalese south.
A similar war was fought in Massachusetts in the years after the Michael Dukakis administration and continued for decades.
His chip threatened the hole, and he had a tap-in to finish at 15 under and force McIlroy to make a par to win.
“The inspection will take place in front of the national and international observers and Independent Election Commission,” said Ahmad Yousuf Nuristani, the head of the commission.
Other examples of ghost brands include Aim, Ammens, Aqua Velva, Armour, Breck, Brylcreem, Bromo-Seltzer, Brut, Camay , Close-Up, Comet, Duncan Hines, Fab, Hydrox, Kretschmer , Lava, Log Cabin, My-T-Fine, Noxzema shave cream, Oxydol, Parkay, Pepsodent, Pert Plus, Prell, Schlitz, Spic and Span, Sure, Vitalis and White Rain.
The team’s next step is removing another type of preservative, parabens, from their baby products, and removing those and additional chemicals from their adult products.
It’s love at first page view: location, exposed brick kitchen walls, price.
The two 18-year-old neighbors used to walk 30 minutes downhill every day to the Bishwamitra Ganesh secondary school, where few children have the opportunity to complete high school after taking the School Leaving Certificate exam at the end of Grade 10, let alone apply to a university.
“Where are their atom bombs and airplanes now?” he said.
Her trio features the bassist Ugonna Okegwo and the drummer Neal Smith.
Markets are bustling, and more girls are attending school.
“One person’s insides were spilling out,” Hadeel said, reaching for her mother’s hand.
It does not make my ego bigger, it gives me more to do.” In the gallery she gave a small mirror to a visitor and told her to walk backward, using the mirror as a guide.
“I am fearful to say where, so as not to tip off market participants, but our coverage will not be as robust or comprehensive as required,” he said.
But he, too, suggested that there could yet be a way out of the crisis.
The man, Flavien Moreau, was convicted of joining the unnamed Islamist group, a terrorism offense, more than a year after he returned from what he said was a 10-day stint in Syria with the group.
Mr. Peña Nieto’s government hopes that the entry of international energy giants will lift sagging oil output, exploit untapped reserves of natural gas, lead to new refineries being built and result in cheaper power for Mexico’s factories.
“ ‘I think I just got raped,’ ” she recalled her saying.
And the flavor is vibrant and spicy — though the degree of spice depends on your chile.
With opposition television channels forced off the air, hundreds of thousands of viewers again turned to YouTube for live video from the besieged protest camp in Kiev streamed by the local broadcaster Espreso.tv and Radio Svoboda , part of the American-financed Radio Free Europe network.
How does reading the caption and learning its back story help you see the image differently?
During her third pregnancy, she says that she was too busy to take iron supplements.
The long-term cost ought to be part of the bigger conversation.
To me, I find the character in ‘Wild’ much more likable than a lot of characters I’ve played in comedy.
Some Facebook users and critics suggested that the company had crossed an ethical boundary.
“Everyone has left Bangui; there is no work anymore,” said a camp resident, Steve Namsene, a firefighter in the military here.
Universities were created at a time when knowledge was scarce.
American businesspeople view the treaty as an indicator of how serious Mr. Xi is about overhauling the Chinese economy, after a start that many describe as shaky.
In a postconcert discussion moderated by the ethnomusicologist Fredara Hadley, all four pianists said they had come to Williams’s music fairly recently, learning much in the process.
In a meeting with reporters after a news conference, he advised his opponent, Prabowo Subianto, a former army general, to prepare to concede defeat.
After trailing by as many as 21, the 76ers whittled the lead to 9 late in the fourth quarter on a jump shot by Michael Carter-Williams.
Nor did he ponder how fame — the recording mogul Clive Davis once enlisted him to bring Bach to the counterculture masses — in the end proved a bit of a mirage.
“It was like his mind-set was, ‘I’m going to go back because I can do this,’ ” Tanos said.
Happy stories, sad stories, funny stories.
I think you can see where this is going.
That’s part of the deal.” I think when momentous things are taking place, like suicide, you can take your eye off the ball.
Early evidence suggests that competition in the new Affordable Care Act marketplaces is working, at least in some areas.
Since then, she has struggled to get advice from doctors.
ReCode, a technology news site, earlier reported news of the executive changes at Microsoft.
“You must swear it on everything you hold dear,” an unconvinced Mr. Bates demands of Mrs. Hughes, before he exits the office and quietly cries.
The series, for ages 6 and older, continues this Saturday with Ron Sopyla relating Andersen’s “The Wild Swans,” and Peninnah Schram and a youth storyteller offering the Jewish tale “The Magic Pomegranate.” At 11 a.m., inside the park at 72nd Street and Fifth Avenue, rain or shine, hcastorycenter.org; free.
Tech designers are an imaginative bunch, but when it comes to commodity items like chargers and cable organizers, they tend toward the mundane.
“It’s not at all uncommon after I speak for people to come and say, ‘I really agree with you, but I may be the only one here,’ ” he said.
BRIAN X. CHEN FACEBOOK EXPECTED TO POST STERLING QUARTERLY RESULTS Facebook will report its second-quarter results on Wednesday, and analysts predict the company will continue its recent run of strength.
“I think it’s to make the city look better, not for the citizens, but for the people that they’re expecting to come in,” Ms. Van-Tardy said, referring to white people.
It is not a huge market, so he was protective.
His assistant, O’Connell, left to take a similar position at Harvard.
Ms. Aronson said her husband, who served as the chairman of the Seagram Company and president of the World Jewish Congress, had wanted “to write something on his own that would address the issues he was profoundly interested in, Passover, the Seder, being Jewish.” Ms. Aronson called the app version of the book “the next natural progression.” “We are in the 21st century and we don’t move without a device,” she added.
It is the first project to come out of Storyverse Studios, an entertainment company Ms. Carlip co-founded this year with Maxine Lapiduss, a TV producer and writer for shows including “Roseanne,” “Ellen” and “Dharma & Greg.” They run the business, which has 35 writers, web developers and a social media team, from several bungalows in Studio City in Los Angeles.
The master bath has a steam shower and a soaking tub.
Something could happen to my body and it would be weeks or months before he knew about it.
In “The Mindy Project,” at 9:30, Danny (Chris Messina) incites the wrath of Mindy (Mindy Kaling) when he reads her diary.
Chris Johanson, Margaret Kilgallen, Barry McGee, Alicia McCarthy and Ruby Neri didn’t form a collective, but they shared a Beatnik- and hippie-like, predigital sensibility.
The team qualified for the tournament, the U.S.T.A.
He quit, he told PBS in 2006, because he thought he could no longer be “complicit” in what he viewed as “a conspiracy of silence.” He said his bosses had watered down language in scientific reports to play down warnings of global warming.
To the right of the path, a fast-rushing river, blue and white, sped through a secluded gorge, breaking into rapids over dark rocks and tumbling over the occasional waterfall.
“The unfortunate reality, as today’s report reveals, is that fraud within these programs is persistent,” Mr. Vance said.
I’d say go big or go home.
The Sacramento Kings and Jimmer Fredette completed a buyout of his contract Thursday, clearing the way for Fredette, a former Brigham Young star, to become a free agent.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.; and by appointment.
If there was not enough snow, the edge of the course was bare ground.
Perhaps it’s easier to resist the power that bars us from using our smartphones than the one that bars us from not using them.
Even more dispiriting was the revival of the revival of “Cabaret,” from the Roundabout Theater Company.
Since then, two dozen more have been opened in 10 provinces or major cities, with others planned in 18 other sites around the country , according to Xinhua and Global Times, a newspaper.
“The home is art, in and of itself — that’s what people say: It’s a piece of art,” she said.
One involved a child dying of cancer who requested a specific Teddy lullaby — written by Mr. Forsse — for her funeral.
Lee and his Confederates had plenty of fight left in them, and they continued the war despite irreplaceable losses in men and material.
Michael Paulson, national religion correspondent for The Times, says that some evangelical Christian groups are jubilant over what they see as support for religious expression in the public square.
In the third of four preliminary heats of the Olympic 400-meter individual medley, the Japanese teenager Kosuke Hagino clocked at 4 minutes 10.01 seconds.
DNA also sheds light on more recent historical events.
“You’re much better off if you start doing that early.” Older people who didn’t save enough when they were young need to save more than 15 percent now, if they can.
A drop in new Russian buyers is hitting the overheated London luxury property market, which has also been damaged by excessive prices and higher British taxes on the purchase of expensive homes.
This is the dilemma posed by the webcams Mr. Mooallem describes, and it reinforces the idea that there is no “wild” in the new geological epoch, the Anthropocene.
It lies at the very base of creation.
The Festival of Radical New Theater From Moscow would have brought between 75 and 100 artists from four Moscow companies to Washington to put on four plays, in Russian with English supertitles, between Oct. 25 and Nov. 9.
Children were not the primary beneficiaries of the Affordable Care Act, as they were already reasonably well insured, but that doesn’t mean they don’t still need our attention.
Two men and a woman were shot in a Queens, N.Y. , housing project early Sunday.
But some are old enough to be her parents.
A Walmart employee in Broomfield, Colo., helped a customer load a new TV into his car on Friday.
The United Nations-African Union peacekeeping mission says it is investigating reports of the rapes of 200 women in the Darfur region of western Sudan.
Mr. Hensarling has other concerns.
(Eagan has since found five World War II-style air-raid sirens for Kafranbel.
“It was wonderful for holidays in the summer,” Ms. Marshall said.
“We’re going to go home to Bolivia, take a shower,” he said.
Looking out a window after she heard the shots, another witness, Dolores Huertas, saw a baldheaded man get out of the S.U.V.
“Southerland could still be rescued by the partisan leanings of the district,” he said.
Do you see yourself as an outsider or do you consider yourself as a Delhiite?
The officers let me go after making a statement about the inaccessible email, signing each page and affixing a fingerprint.
The landing gear of a 767 holds the belly of a plane about six feet off the ground, so the space into which the wheels nestle in flight is fairly large.
Which team was banned from the World Cup after refusing to play in shoes?
In 2001, Disney released “The Princess Diaries,” which took in $222.4 million worldwide, after adjusting for inflation, and led to “The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement” in 2004.
To better understand this argument, it’s helpful to distinguish between mental models and pure concepts.
As readers have pointed out, you can store advance directives in other digital ways.
The ship docked at Pier 88 as a guest of the city in a spot usually reserved for cruise ships and huge yachts.
Also on Wednesday, officials released new details about the government’s mishandling of another deadly pathogen, smallpox.
“He’s going to do something about our Mississippi values without naming them,” he said, “without a word of how; it’s the most contentless political advertising I’ve ever seen.” After Mr. Davis left, Mr. McDaniel criticized his manners but praised his passion.
But, back to normal life, man.” Davis called White’s fourth-place score “a gift” from the judges, and said the result was good for the sport.
Mr. Giuliani did not “retreat into the role of mayor.” He did not wait to discern innocence or guilt.
This interview with Jon Bischke , the chief executive of Entelo, a recruiting software platform, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant .
Mr. Dear also helped Calpers weather a pay-to-play scandal that emerged during his first year on the job.
The epigrammatic and empathetic Mrs. Kendal, who knows from striking poses and being gawped at, is a scene-stealing showboat.
Many retirement rankings measure the number of doctors per capita, but that’s not helpful if the doctors aren’t in your particular insurance plan.
We very much put customer privacy in the forefront of everything we do.
Spitting out the truth early might have been embarrassing, but it could have saved the league millions.
Valeant, responding on Wednesday, said that most successful pharmaceutical innovation comes from smaller, more nimble competitors.
By the time federal marshals went there to arrest Mr. Thompson, they had fled.
The ghouls and goblins that will haunt All Hallows’ Eve on Friday also require people to take a leap of faith.
Yoga classes are held Saturday mornings in the courtyard of the Broome Hotel in SoHo (through Sept. 27).
One top-secret 2009 National Security Agency intelligence estimate obtained by The New York Times last year named Russia as the most sophisticated adversary for the United States in cyberspace.
“We got to keep doing what we do,” Anthony said.
I swiped my credit card, put my stuff back into the cart and walked out of the store, the Houseboy at my heels.
Philip Johnson and John Burgee were proposing a suave 4.2 million-square-foot ensemble of four skyscrapers that would help “clean up” the surrounding urban squalor, and they favored an open square at the center of their project.
In fifth-place, “Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit” (Paramount) had ticket sales of $8.8 million, for a disappointing two-week total of $30.2 million.
Through Nov. 9 at 11 a.m., noon, 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. Free with museum admission, $4 to $10; members and children 4 and under, free.
Though it features some outside collaborators, notably the bassist and singer Meshell Ndegeocello, the album also spotlights Mr. Moran’s bond with Tarus Mateen on bass and Nasheet Waits on drums; as the Bandwagon, they still have the pliable swagger that works so well in rooms like this one (and especially this one).
Plaza Premium Lounge Management has grown from operating two independent lounges in 1998, in Hong Kong and Kuala Lumpur, to 68 today.
(Isherwood) ★ ‘Hedwig and the Angry Inch’ Though he plays an “internationally ignored song stylist” of undefinable gender in John Cameron Mitchell and Stephen Trask’s 1998 rock musical, Neil Patrick Harris is in full command of what he becomes here.
“Holler if Ya Hear Me” will not be in the running for the 2014 Tony Awards, the Broadway industry’s highest honor, because performances begin after the April cut-off for Tony eligibility.
By then she had changed her name.
The manufacturer of the experimental medication, Mapp Biopharmaceutical of San Diego, has already said that its limited stock of the drug, enough to treat a half-dozen people, is exhausted.
Of course, fluffy-white, off-the-shelf weddings remain an option, but the tools for tailoring an event to fit the contours of your idiosyncratic being are as abundant as the inspirations.
In recent years, Verizon let it be known that it would focus capital on its more profitable wireless service and not add wired, fiber optic capacity.
If Ms. Baldwin was at all heartened to hear him speak out against the shutdown, she wasn’t showing it.
“I think it was the first time I got rained on since I came here.
A pair of trackers entered a nearby home, where a stern-faced youth named Adam quietly led them through the first floor.
LESLIE FELDMAN Sudbury, Mass., Dec. 14, 2014
The cross-country team rang it after winning the Metropolitan Championships in October.
Revenue in stores open at least one year, a crucial retail metric, fell 11 percent.
Neither had Laura Schutt, the assistant director of admission at Butler University, where Mr. Karpeck will matriculate this fall.
I’ve been thinking a lot about that charming little house, with its funky walled garden and aura of silent-era Hollywood, in the days since her death.
So when Mohammad Akhtar, a retired police commander, opened the door last month to Khaliddudin’s census team, he said he was ready to select a surname and bestow it on his seven children.
“All I remember is me, Sir Mix-A-Lot, and the Seattle Symphony — as far as I was concerned, no one else was there,” she said.
There was a moment where they were like: “They’ve threatened war over the movie.
Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Mr. Madoff’s brother, Peter B. Madoff, who worked alongside his brother for nearly four decades, pleaded guilty in June 2012 to tax and securities fraud charges, but was not accused of knowing about the Ponzi scheme.
Lalah Hathaway and Ruben Studdard, R & B. June 20 at 8 p.m. $35 to $65.
There’s no need to offset it by cutting the convention money.
He became executive chairman in 2004.
She took over in the overtime session.
Israel’s military says that it takes extensive precautions to avoid killing civilians and that it does not deliberately target them, and it blames Hamas for operating in populated areas.
Woods hopes to improve that finish this week on familiar turf with shouts of encouragement coming from the Carolina pines.
This dressing has never gone “off” or rancid, or failed to be anything but fragrant and delicious.
At first glance, this exhibition might seem a bit quaint, its subject — textiles and the Civil War — evoking Americana more than American history.
Now the big question is when Season 5 will start.
Africans need to be respected as sophisticated people in challenging circumstances, not treated as naïve mimics.
The president seemed eager to keep the focus not on what happened in Ferguson but on its broader lessons for the country.
I have a suspicion that the Post forced him to include the inflation-adjusted number, rather than let him get away with the gee-whiz nominal number, which is, um, inflated by the relatively high rate of inflation that prevailed even in the later Reagan years.
Together, they represent the next generation of metaphysical art, in which spiritual principles are supported by rigorous artistic practices.
Chiney said she liked to know exactly where her sister was sitting so she might be able to catch an encouraging glance.
(Though it seems disingenuous to be identified with those seminomadic Charrúa Indians, the last of whom were betrayed and vanquished in 1832, leaving the country without any semblance of an indigenous culture.)
The Affordable Care Act would be implemented, or not; parts of the Bush tax cuts would expire, or not; entitlements would be greatly reformed in an effort to shrink deficits, or not.
“Her heart is beating, her blood is flowing.
A searchable, critical guide to theater is at nytimes.com/events.
The crowd burst into applause, and a number of the leading girls broke into tears.
Kim Federici, a retired oncology-hematology nurse from a town outside San Antonio, said a big part of it was inspiration.
“I was one of the few aliens on earth who hadn’t seen ‘Breaking Bad,’ ” Mr. Waugh said.
Colonel Aguer said that the war “must be stopped as quickly as possible because it is consuming our resources” and “killing innocent people.”
GEORGETOWN 17, BROWN 3 Kyle Nolan passed for one touchdown, and Daniel Wright ran for one as Georgetown (2-2) beat visiting Brown (0-1).
To start, simply rehydrate some dried porcinis in hot water, then drain them and save the stock.
The auditors visited 33 industrial sites in six states and found a variety of arrangements.
Massachusetts residents spend an average of $126 annually on instant tickets, making per capita spending there the highest by a wide margin.
From 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; until 7 p.m. on Saturdays; open until 8 p.m. the first Friday of every month; also open on Labor Day.
Even some of Washington’s close allies in the Americas have rallied to Cuba’s side.
Important institutional donors met on May 20 in Oslo to discuss a way forward.
According to Gallup, public support broke the 50 percent level two years ago and is now at 55 percent (a population-wide figure; support is much higher among young people.)
It is still based in photography, however, and explores with fluctuating rigor the relationship of photography with painting.
This month, in a scathing rebuke of the investigative service and the Justice Department that has generated wide interest in legal circles, a federal appeals court in San Francisco overturned Mr. Dreyer’s conviction.
“It puts us in a whole different ballgame to find treatments and cures for this disease.” Donations to the group have grown rapidly as a wave of politicians, sports stars, actors, musicians, chief executives and other celebrities joined in the challenge in recent days.
The flies were put in a tunnel that ended with a T intersection.
There is wide disagreement among the sponsors of the talks over whether Iran should attend.
Yaya Touré and Samir Nasri scored less than two minutes apart in the second half for City.
winter.” The field was seen as a failure and went into eclipse.
(His mother, Sophie Kumpen, was a top go-kart racer.)
“I thought it was my fault she’s not a good manager,” she said.
He says interactive cinema is the future of the art form.
But in New York the laity must organize traditional Masses themselves, seeking out volunteer priests “hither and thither as though we were seemingly still living in Reformation England or Cromwellian Ireland,” Father Wylie said, calling it an “injustice.” “Isn’t it high time for the church to take pastoral responsibility also for these sheep?” he said.
President Obama is holding a summit meeting of African leaders in Washington this week.
With first-rate scholarship, an archaeologist reinterprets the Parthenon frieze in this exciting and revelatory history.
Paired as he was with the Ailey star Linda Celeste Sims, Mr. Simkin needed all the indulgence the audience could muster.
• An Android security alert is sounded after a backdoor is found.
Because liberals want government to accomplish something, they want to know whether government programs are actually working; because conservatives don’t want the government doing anything except defense and law enforcement, they aren’t really interested in evidence about success or failure.
There is this whole time of interacting, learning and practicing what you’re doing.” She said people were generally scheduled for only three hours a day, and the goal was to change only one or two behaviors over three months — with return visits.
Delhi is flatulent with greed.
And this one special part of the chicken is what I’m using to create my one-of-a-kind new Popeyes Tear’n Tenderloin Chicken.
SWEAT After that we might have more plans or a trip to the gym.
Akilah Marie Robinson and Tristan Jere Allen were married Saturday in Atlanta.
Sure, the sixth-generation Sonata drove better than the previous versions.
Costco said February sales were hurt by club closures across the United States, Canada and even in Japan because of snowstorms.
“You never know how things are going to work,” he said.
There are no saints to be seen in this situation.
But in one of their tense, argumentative cellphone exchanges, we gather that they have had a serious domestic squabble.
The Romantic faith in nature certainly had its religious aspects, but that is subsumed in a sense of artists moving through various landscapes, studying their details with fresh eyes and finding different ways — most often in dazzling bits of shorthand — to depict what they see.
Visitors will walk through the point where the two walls almost meet.
No one knows they exist.
It’s probably about as real as a concept can be while still retaining the concept name.
Del Posto, the Italian restaurant owned by Mario Batali, Lidia Bastianich and Joe Bastianich, is inarguably spacious: 18-foot-high ceilings, 11,000 square feet for dining, only 35 tables in the main rooms, all of them seemingly occupied throughout the night by guests venturing through tasting menus of five and eight courses.
We all share some of the blame; procrastination is part of our character of the moment.
Moreover, the car had hit several small trees before coming to a rest, which suggested a softer impact.
or a team, so they tended to stay hush-hush.
The sounds produced by the devices were also heard in 2009 during meetings of the Group of 20 in Pittsburgh, where protesters, journalists and onlookers fled and some used moistened tissues or filters from discarded cigarette butts as improvised earplugs.
The Supreme Court said that the regulation at issue in the Hobby Lobby case imposed a substantial burden on the rights of the company’s owners to exercise their religion.
Well, for one thing, Henry Purcell could set it as a sort of opera (semiopera, it was called), filling out the spoken drama with musical ditties and scenes, whether related to the main drama or — just as likely — not, as he did with “The Fairy Queen” in 1692.
The Aam Aadmi Party believes it is a sudden force of nature that can make the typical Indian politician extinct.
I’ve even been the target of such backlash when I wrote an article on The Huffington Post about why I refuse to make my toddler special meals.
His discomfort is made palpable, and my own seems, for a time, a little less lonely.
“If raw materials were made available, environmental approvals had come through in time and acquisition of land made possible, all the projects would have been earning very well, and companies would have cleared their debt.” The lack of long-term financing for infrastructure companies is another hurdle.
But the casualties and damage in Gaza dwarf those on the Israeli side, where three civilians and 64 soldiers have been killed, and a growing number of critics, including Israel’s European allies and United Nations officials, have accused Israel of using disproportionate force to achieve its objectives.
1, en route to having 50,000 paid downloads.
The victim had just returned home with her 4-year-old son when she noticed her home had been vandalized, and threats addressed to the victim’s fiancé were left around the home.
This is mitigated but not completely avoided by a provision that encourages small parties to form coalitions with big ones.
Nor had I wangled an assignment to the Salzburg Festival , where I might have retraced the footsteps of Mozart, Strauss and the von Trapps, fortifying myself with elaborate coffees and pastries at the Café Tomaselli .
The cities in the worst shape are Las Vegas, Atlanta, Jacksonville, Orlando and Chicago.
Host universities, like my employer, Penn State, would be able to focus more intently on their core educational missions while continuing to profit.
First-week sales typically account for about 30 percent of the total, thanks to the publicity blitzes that accompany publishers’ biggest releases.
The mayor and his team relented, and asked for more time to revisit the numbers.
Did you know there was such a list ?
The Jil Sander chorus line did everything right after the departure last autumn of their conductor (the third time she has resigned from the company that bears her name).
‘Into the Third Dimension: 3-D Printing for Young Artists’ (Friday through Monday, Wednesday and Thursday) Imagine that a robot or a fairy or a lion came out of a child’s drawing and acquired three dimensions.
“The league’s financial situation is stable, and we’re looking calmly at the current economic situation,” the league president, Dmitry Chernyshenko, said after meeting with club leaders Thursday.
Mr. Spector attributes his staying power to his willingness to show respect for Japan and its sensibilities, which he says he does by such gestures as keeping more up-to-date on local celebrity news than many Japanese.
It would be hard to overstate the impact this had, especially on younger reporters.
“Guys like that don’t accept teammates playing losing basketball or not taking things seriously,” said the Nets’ general manager, Billy King.
That’s a big, blank slate.
His view: “I’ve seen people try to mess with Mother Nature before, and it never works.
The top two candidates to succeed Mr. Karzai — Abdullah Abdullah, a former foreign minister, and Ashraf Ghani, a former World Bank official — are viewed as competent, pro-Western and stable, unlike Mr. Karzai.
We feel this project fills a critical need for the town of New Castle to have economic and racial diversity.” Bill Spade, an architect who lives in the hamlet and is a member of a group called Chappaqua for Responsible Affordable Housing, expressed satisfaction at the mixed ruling.
But the sight of him naked caused whatever attraction I might have had to collapse.
High-fives duly exchanged, one partner held a plank position while another jumped on and off an adjacent wall.
With consumer spending sharply down and many Greek households and businesses unable to pay debts, the commission warned that Greece’s banking system faced a major risk, with more than 30 percent of all loans in jeopardy of not being paid off.
The causal effect of religious practices on economic activity is much more difficult to establish, not least because there are so many other variables that influence economic activity.
(Schweitzer) NY Phil Biennial: Circles of Influence: George Benjamin (Sunday) Atmospheric, dramatic and intensely colorful, the music of Mr. Benjamin is always a visceral experience.
“But all economists now agree.
$2 to $6; members, children and students, free.
He opened a small door on the shiny cube and reached barehanded into its fiery innards to remove a warm, slightly misshapen, potato knish.
His dream — or rather the dream of Dan Gilroy, the writer and director of “Nightcrawler,” and perhaps of Mr. Gyllenhaal as well — is to join the ranks of Travis Bickle and Rupert Pupkin , classic ’70s and ’80s sociopaths, created by Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, who held a grim, unflattering, endlessly fascinating mirror up to the society that produced them.
But for Officer Michael Petroczky, it was convincing enough to forestall an arrest.
Mr. Jutting, who was in the apartment, was arrested.
You’re going to be competing with girls who are 10 years younger than you.
“For Hong Kong parents, they want their children to have an American education without leaving,” he said.
In the basement is a huge food court where dozens of stands sell stir-fries, soups, dumplings, bubble teas and hand-pulled noodles.
Conventional wisdom in economics has long held that technological change affects income inequality by increasing the rewards to skill — through a dynamic called “skill-biased technical change.” Losers are workers whose job can be replaced by machines (textile workers, for example).
Russia’s annexation of Crimea and its sponsorship of the rebellion in eastern Ukraine were explained, at best, as a result of his imperialist ambitions, at worst by his madness.
Wearing a roomy black-and-white dress, chunky heels and her hair in a top bun, Ms. Morris said that she gravitates toward vintage style and likes how Alexa Chung and Mia Farrow dress.
on television remains a popular one.
Such a rotation can turn off power to the engine, disengage power steering and disable safety features like air bags.
WESTHAMPTON BEACH Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center “Art and Craft,” directed by Sam Cullman, Jennifer Grausman, Mark Becker, screened as part of the Oscar shortlisted documentary series.
Thursday’s call with Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain to press NATO to confront the Islamic State psychopaths was a small echo of the old Roosevelt-Churchill two-step that helped save the world.
“They seem to be pretty well-rounded meals,” said Jared Favole, a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal who particularly enjoyed the yogurt and granola sometimes served on morning flights when he was covering Mr. Obama.
Mrs. Spiegel, 28, is a senior product manager in a Washington office of Capital One, the banking and financial services company.
They were soon upstaged by Mr. Jacob, who presented Ms. Campion with a bouquet — “Jane, you know what you mean to me” — before exiting the stage to a second standing ovation.
Out came my French parents, looking disconcertingly like their much younger selves.
He was hard to miss.
Police said it is too early to ascertain whether the deaths are the result of a murder-suicide.
“I want to get one thing out of the way,” Mr. Clinton said at the event.
While it never trailed New Mexico State, it needed five extra minutes after blowing a 5-point lead in the final 32 seconds of regulation.
Under an unusual revenue-sharing deal, the town of Newburgh agreed to provide the city of Newburgh with 15 percent of the casino tax revenues it would receive each year.
It seems that audiences in the United States are only now catching up to a career that has been humming along at least since 2001, when Jean-Luc Godard hailed Mr. Guiraudie’s 51-minute film “The Old Dream That Moves” as the best thing he had seen at that year’s Cannes Film Festival.
He suggested she change her dollars into 500-euro notes to keep the wad thin, she said.
New York City Building, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens, 718-592-9700, queensmuseum.org.
Maybe I should have made him take the B.Q.E.
To call the new album “Black Messiah” is to hint at a second coming, but the album’s notes insist, instead, that “We should all aspire to be a Black Messiah.” “Black Messiah” (RCA) follows a decade of public silence in which D’Angelo grappled with drugs, alcohol and a 2005 car crash that broke half his ribs.
Though most of the art is about women trying to be thin, two groups of photographs, both taken by Ariane Lopez-Huici (who will speak at the gallery on April 2), show nude women who are obese — and appear to take pride in their size.
The yearning for liberal democracy is not dead, as recent events in Hong Kong have demonstrated, but democracies are under pressure.
King is brilliant on the moral contradictions that propelled anthropological encounters with remote tribes — a volatile mix of liberal high-mindedness, stoicism, hubris and greed.
Joseph Romano seemed like just another post-recession white-collar criminal when he went to jail for fraud two years ago — a Long Island man with a wife and three children, a volunteer at his children’s school, a Navy veteran who liked vintage cars and had gotten too greedy.
He became a bit of a celebrity last week when The Charlotte Observer published an article about his appearance at Westminster.
When President Obama visited this month, residents complained that closed roads had created an “Obama jam.” The traffic police started a Facebook page this year that encourages drivers to send in photos of other drivers breaking the law.
“We wanted to be more user-friendly,” said Ellise Delphin Rose, a member of the board’s admissions committee.
Choosing the M235i, with roughly 315-horsepower, yields 0-to-60 m.p.h.
But what can you do?” She fished for a pen in the bottom of her bag.
Sept. 27 and 28, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. A cooking demonstration with Mario Batali and Carla Hall on Sept. 28 at 2 p.m. $5 to $40; children under 2, free.
A searchable guide to these and other shows is at nytimes.com/events.
Not sure if/when I will run into you again so figured I would give this a try.
European shares are up strongly, and Asian markets finished mostly ahead.
And I’m not the only one.” Ms. Holt said she got her Uber vehicle and put four other Vogue co-workers in it for Mr. Wang’s show.
“We will respect the historic choice of the people of Crimea,” he said.
“And I think Eve has found the formula to include all of these things in a way that is very courageous.” Ms. Colón is appearing for the first week only, at which point the 1960s recording star Angélica María will join the “Monólogos” cast.
He, in turn, shows that inspiration comes from life, from the wider world.
“President Obama has attracted a lot of attacks when it’s hard to point to something exactly he has done that warranted them,” Mr. Gormley added.
When Dr. Hawking discovered that quantum effects would make black holes leaky, it went against all his intuition and expectations.
Maxine Hong Kingston, who was awarded a National Medal of Arts by President Obama in July, was a Campfire attendee but is not coming back.
“We were sort of outliers or outlaws.” Its editors, reporters and even its owner credit these changes partly to how popular entrepreneurship has become in recent years.
Well, against the standards of 2012, I guess I did,” Dr. Portenoy said that year in an interview with The Wall Street Journal .
In “Top Five,” he sifts through — with on-point jokes, boisterous slapstick, affecting honesty and a sharply honed and earned sense of history — issues of artificiality and authenticity, the spectacle of black celebrity and the imperative of personal meaning.
The killer, Strike and Robin reason, must have been one of the handful of people who read the story in manuscript or heard of its scurrilous details — and, most likely, someone who sought revenge on Quine, or wanted to silence him to prevent further revelations.
Fred W. McDarrah, on the other hand, made it a point to be there: when Bob Dylan first performed in New York; when Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg held court at house parties in Greenwich Village, or Andy Warhol at his studio, the Factory; when the hippies or the gay liberation movement found their voices; when downtown New York was the incubator for the cultural movements that shook the world.
SAUGERTIES Cross Contemporary Art Peggy Cyphers and Catherine Howe.
“I think he soon will be back on the court,” he said.
The justices were also criticized for obliquely supporting the Affordable Care Act because the court in 2006 appointed a Democrat, Robert E. Cooper Jr., as state attorney general; Mr. Cooper later refused to join a lawsuit challenging the measure.
“Sorry, that’s my second home.” Where will he be on Tuesday for the United States’ next game against Belgium?
Yet clients from around the world venture to the showroom in search of bespoke engagement rings, collectible gemstones and art jewelry made using centuries-old techniques such as niello, an ancient Egyptian method that mixes copper, silver and sulfides to create a black inlay on metal.
Once we consider that the new law has an employer penalty , too, the labor market will be receiving three blows from the new law: the implicit employment tax, the employer penalty and the implicit income tax.
The changes, in the works for nearly a year, are extensive, ranging from the cosmetic — adopting an informal name, the P.R.
No one ever said getting lush brows was easy — or even glamorous.
Terrance Forks, 16, was shot and killed during an argument in Richmond, Calif. , Tuesday night.
A man suffered a gunshot wound to the head at a home in Nashua, N.H. , Thursday night.
“The 39 Steps” will return, yet again, to the New York stage in April, when it is scheduled to open at the Union Square Theater.
To the Sports Editor: Re “College Players Granted Right to Form Union,” March 27: If the National Labor Relations Board ruling is correct, then football scholarships are taxable income.
The Common Core is at the center of a war rooted in deep disagreement over educational philosophy and turf.
“Because we were starting from the ground up, I was wondering what would be a good use of my limited skill set, and it struck me as funny to be that rude,” Mr. Clunes said of the character, adding that he has upped the crankiness level.
The program, which is known as the Texas Enterprise Fund and administered by Mr. Perry’s office, awarded $222 million to 11 projects that did not submit applications and did not make specific promises to create jobs.
A six-month supply is viewed as a healthy balance between supply and demand.
Mr. Laurentino had been executive creative director at the London office of TBWA Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group, and global creative director for the agency’s McDonald’s account.
The evening’s main pleasure lies in Ms. Sharp’s flinty, feisty Helen, the sort of peppery role that must be a treat to play (she refers to unfolding events as “this little Victorian melodrama”), and the actress fills Hildegard Bechtler’s capacious set in a way that a sometimes-inaudible Ms. O’Flynn does not.
When Mr. Llabreras had to leave for his job, Mr. Valsaint continued with Mr. Llabreras’s wife, Diana Camacho, who took a break from “Caso Cerrado,” a popular Spanish-language show similar to “The People’s Court.” The family of four is now on its way to getting health insurance.
DARIEN The Darien Historical Society “Here Come the Brides: Grace and Elegance 1855-1950.” Through Aug. 31.
Enemas, which Miller repeatedly gave to Harrison, are also potentially dangerous in such patients.
The chain of events, coming after days of contending with a searing scandal at the Department of Veterans Affairs and coupled with some Democratic unrest over new proposed rules on power plant emissions, has some Democrats questioning the effectiveness of the administration’s team and its ability to help them get on the offensive with a midterm election just months away.
Along with Scrooge, you can expect Hanukkah songs and caroling in Swahili.
So I think we are coming into this season in a completely different place and we really hope that all the changes that we have made have an impact and that we get some reward for that.
And she added, he said, “We can go shopping now.” He described a day that began with their having lunch at Bergdorf Goodman, then a visit to the Oscar de la Renta showroom and a Louis Vuitton store, and a return to Bergdorf.
About 12 percent of iPhones sold in the United States are through Best Buy, according to Michael R. Levin, a partner for Consumer Intelligence Research Partners, which tracks sales of Apple devices through different retail channels.
Also, the United States and other nations have provided the Afghans more weapons than they had requested, and Afghan forces now have over 112,000 more weapons than they need, the report stated.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
An account of the negotiations in the Credit Suisse case, assembled through interviews with people briefed on the investigation, shows how the Justice Department extracted the plea deal after years of false starts and stops.
Scott Brady joined the San Francisco office of StartApp in a new post, vice president for sales and analytics.
Mrs. Ward-Donegan acknowledged that she might never know why her mother left the fold or who might have influenced her.
But unlike its trading partners, it neither created garbage mortgage securities nor peddled them to unsuspecting investors.
This is the kind of freedom you have in Des Moines.
Their proposal hasn’t gotten much traction outside of academic circles and among a few judges, in part because the impact on diversity of content is difficult to quantify, unlike price changes and market shares.
is favored in all of these red states, and not without reason.
The United Farm Workers , the California-based agricultural union founded by Cesar Chavez and Dolores Huerta, has been training lawyers through apprenticeships for decades, said Mary L. Mecartney, the managing attorney for the union’s legal department, who studied for and passed the bar in 1993 through apprenticeship.
The Buffalo Bills signed the free-agent receiver Tori Gurley and defensive back Kamaal McIlwan a day before the Bills were to open training camp.
(Supertitles keep us apprised of the running word total: “1,248 words in ....”) And the long saga of Mr. Weiner, embodied with a spot on clueless bravado by Mr. Smith, provides endless fodder for entertainment.
“They were almost as vituperative as you,” he said, but added that he agreed it was a “problem” that the Police Department appeared to brush off recommendations for discipline in cases where complaints were backed up by the board’s investigation.
Two of the Yankees’ younger starters, Ivan Nova and Michael Pineda, are on the disabled list, with Nova out for the season after reconstructive elbow surgery.
Mrs. Kasnicki, 27, is an associate specializing in tax and corporate law at Farrell Fritz, a law firm in Uniondale, N.Y. She graduated from Davidson College and received a law degree from Georgetown.
Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Americans may talk about income inequality, but Israel has done something about it.
The bond issue will be ahead of the planned assessment by European regulators of regional banks this fall.
“The Act of Killing” has now broken the official silence about the massacres.
The announcement by administrators of the SAT college entrance test that scores are being withheld for students from China and South Korea who took the exam earlier this month has infuriated many and raised anxiety about what for a number of them is a high-stakes college application process.
man marrying a white girl and a black guy on the roof of my mother’s house.
She said that actual elections offer much more variability than controlled experiments do.
Running simulations shows the odds at roughly a flush coming up first 52% of the time, straight 38%, and a tie 10%, which is very far off the 2:1 odds one might set if this were naively taken as a proposition bet.
Of his photo of a 90-year-old man, barefoot and riding a donkey in the city of Puerto Plata, he recalled: “He was so happy, and he probably lives the simplest life.
Whether this move is a rear-guard action or a forward-looking play, however, it’s clear that cloud computing has become a very big money game.
“Santiago Cohen: Ex-Vida Project,” ex-voto style oil paintings.
Each party’s presidential nominee is likely to have to raise $1 billion in 2016.
I feel like I will be this way forever!” Ms. Havrilesky does give her some concrete suggestions (try meditation; talk to your husband), but she also offers a more complex and abstract prescription that ends thus: “Stop repeating that same old story, and look around you.
The bowling attack is good.
But sleep would not be granted by Marcus Wainwright and David Neville of Rag & Bone on Monday night.
Charter advocates also supported the stricter measures, which they said would make it easier to close poor schools and more quickly free up their contracts.
She rambled here and there about technical mishaps — twice, the receiver for her in-ear monitors had to be reattached to her dress.
At every stage, we acted on the basis of verified information, and we followed every credible lead.
Mr. Montebourg has said that he does not have a preference for G.E.
Spotting a lump of dust that a vacuum had left in the path of her customers, she forged ahead to alert the maintenance man that he had a mess to clean up.
The Dow rose 26.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 16,743.63.
Reading your article, I realized that we have forgotten how student interest drives motivation.
(718) 875-1550, kanestreet.org/iff; $12, $30 for the series.
But I suspect this is rare.
Jan. 18 at 8 p.m. $49.50 to $69.50.
“A lot of guys who came in didn’t sign up for blue collar.
The congressional measure requiring the investigation, the Leonard Kravitz Jewish War Veterans Act of 2001 , was amended to include service members who were neither Jewish nor of Hispanic heritage.
There is also a possibility its appeal could be diminished by tax reform legislation that was approved last week by Parliament and is scheduled to go into effect on Jan. 1 after King Felipe VI signs it.
The writer, a professor of Romance languages at Williams College, is the author of “On Nabokov, Ayn Rand and the Libertarian Mind.” ◆ By the Book To the Editor: In his By the Book interview (June 22), Colum McCann laments the lack of a great soccer novel.
By contrast, Cole’s narrator in “Open City” is a self-assured young cosmopolitan, an educated professional who does not ask permission to explore, describe and pass judgment.
Some years ago, it might not have gone over well.
“I realized I could have gone to any of the other designers or an ordinary seamstress,” Mr. Williams said.
But to be kept in fine fennel, to inhale kale and so spike your vitamin K levels, to savor a cut of wild Siberian salmon is apparently still to be regarded as a birthright.
Mr. Rapfogel’s annual compensation package exceeded $400,000.
Casper Ware, a rookie guard from Long Beach State by way of Italy.
The Roomba emits a pleasant hum, not the high-pitched whine of most vacuums.
He has 47 strikeouts in 271/3 innings, with a 1.65 earned run average.
To say this left me frustrated would have been an understatement.
Yet fast-food behemoths like McDonald’s and Wendy’s fight tooth and nail against efforts to raise wages .
It may mean only that you lacked the patronage that some of them had, or that you played the game less single-mindedly, taking fewer SAT courses and failing to massage your biography with the same zeal.
The higher loan-default rates there is one reason banks are demanding higher rates now.
But maybe that privilege doesn’t mean as much when the only choice of going beyond the fifth grade is a six-hour walk along the beach to the town that has a bigger underserved school.
Ms. Kennedy, whom President Obama recently named ambassador to Japan, is the latest high-profile Obama supporter from 2008 to endorse a potential 2016 run by Mrs. Clinton, who has yet to make her intentions clear.
Even the soil is different; concrete sidewalks neutralize acidity, encouraging plants that wouldn’t grow here otherwise.
In a 2012 report by the Center for New American Security , a nonprofit policy organization, based on questionnaires sent to 69 companies, respondents listed reasons why businesses hire veterans: leadership and teamwork, character, structure and discipline, expertise, the “right thing” to do, proven success, resilience, loyalty, and public relations value.
But what of Spanish-language television?
The summer of the divorce, my mother, the other father, his son and I packed our belongings into an old white Plymouth and drove across the country to live in Northern California.
Officers found the victim lying on his side in a driveway.
Natalie Bend graduated from Northern Illinois University in December 2007.
Without having heard the 5.1 high-resolution Blu-ray surround mix, I can only trust the authorities on this.
“That film really impacted me,” Mr. Gomez said.
The goal is for Jeter to get 60 at-bats in spring training and to be ready to play regularly throughout the season.
Another traveler, Adham Affas, 28, told me that he had spent 12 days adrift before he was picked up.
This is good news for poor people in India, including the children and nursing mothers that the program particularly helps.
Her enthusiasm for the cocktail has led her to scrutinize every ingredient.
“Where are you?” “I’m on my way,” he said.
The coaches — the others are Edward Mish, Michael Novak, Mark Poore and Timothy Ballard — were suspended with pay effective Oct. 16 until “a date to be determined,” the board said.
“I had everything under control from A to Z.
“Most epoxy curing agents become inert once cured, and would not be expected to impact water quality,” it said.
Deutsche Bank shares fell more than 5 percent on Monday in Frankfurt, and in London, shares of Barclays slid 2 percent and HSBC was down 0.7 percent.
I paid for an experience.” At the height of the hubbub, Kickstarter issued a statement in defense of Mr. Braff’s campaign, noting that “Veronica Mars” and “Wish I Was Here” had brought tens of thousands of new people to the website, 63 percent of whom had never backed a project before.
Acknowledging the victims’ families throughout the room, Ms. Barra repeated her apologies for G.M.’s failure to repair defective cars.
Officer Encarnacion’s arrest came months after a diplomatic dispute between the United States and India over the arrest and strip search of an Indian consular official in New York who had been accused of visa fraud, leading some United States officials to imply that the officer’s arrest was a form of retaliation.
Teaching represented one of the first times that they could not simply follow the recipe and end up with a delicious cake.
In the case of “Due Foscari” the notes are there, clean and secure, shored up by technique.
After reporters covering the Chicago Bulls had finished interviewing Coach Tom Thibodeau on Sunday night, they headed to the team’s locker room at Madison Square Garden and went en masse to one player, Joakim Noah, who was finishing dressing with his back to them.
According to Kantar Media, a unit of WPP, Dairy Queen spent $76.8 million on advertising last year.
“I like the concept,” said Jack Nicklaus, an 18-time major winner.
The lowest level of the property, to the west, contains the former kitchen garden, now grassy squares edged in boxwood, and the access to the river.
To the group, that means he outranks Mullah Omar, who had declared himself merely an emir in the 1990s when the Taliban conquered Afghanistan.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the great state of New Jersey.
He has found himself in tight races before.
Pamela Jean Blechman and Alec Lindsay Ellison are to be married Sunday by Rabbi Gordon Tucker at Locanda Verde, a restaurant in New York.
“Crews made entry into the first floor of this structure, but conditions became very untenable very quickly,” Chief Fruetel said.
What stands out, instead, are the people who persistently point and say, “That’s not art,” and who are persistently wrong.
• Del Boca Vista awaits him.
All eyes were on California Chrome, in pursuit of the first Triple Crown since 1978.
“The Chinese vessel thanked the Coast Guard via radio for the rescue operation,” the Japanese Coast Guard said.
But Beason’s foot will be immobilized for six weeks, which will precede an additional, undetermined period of recovery.
In an editorial titled “ Dr. King’s Disservice to His Cause ,” Life magazine called it “a demagogic slander that sounded like a script for Radio Hanoi.” The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People described the address as “a serious tactical error.” After Dr. King’s death, Dr. Harding became the director of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Center, a post he held until 1970.
The puzzle is an original collaboration by Zandra Vinegar, a recent graduate of MIT who lives, does math, builds furniture, and teaches in Berkeley, Calif., and Rafael Cosman, who is in his senior year at Stanford University, where he studies computer science.
By the same logic, Mars would turn tenors into “Barry White sound-alikes.” But on Venus, with its very dense atmosphere that would simultaneously lower the pitch and increase the resonances of mouth and throat, “the astronaut’s voice would sound squeaky,” Mr. Cox writes — “like a bass Smurf,” he quotes Tim Leighton of the University of Southampton.
Now the Charlotte Hornets are hoping to inspire whiplashed fans with an advertising and marketing campaign.
He moved quickly to expand security measures at airports to include full body scans and pat-downs, becoming the face of many Americans’ frustrations with airport security , even drawing a nationwide protest.
The treats did not just sit atop kitchen counters; they were served at first communions, bar mitzvahs, weddings and funerals.
In the United States, God is on the currency.
It was apparent, he said, that Privateer would hit resistance in many areas.
Transients included the “surplus” from the Central Park Zoo that was auctioned off regularly to private buyers: camels, llamas, bison, buffaloes, pumas, zebus and the like.
NP: It goes by fast.
“It could cost $4 million to $8 million, and that’s not something the town is going to raise money for,” said Carole Trattore, director of communications for North Hempstead.
Mr. Gurley’s death has renewed discussion about the efficacy of vertical patrols, a practice law enforcement finds essential and critics of aggressive policing have found problematic.
July 20 at 7 p.m. Free.
Haunted by the vicious racial murders of Emmett Till and other young black men of the mid-20th-century South, Ashe’s anxious, protective father and other mentors had urged him to be “unfailingly polite on the court, unfalteringly calm and detached, so that whites could never accuse me of meanness.” Ashe smarted from the fact that some African-Americans regarded him with what he called “disdain and contempt.” In his posthumous book, he later confessed feeling “a burning sense of shame” that while other blacks had shed blood in the struggle for civil rights, “I was playing tennis.” Nevertheless, in that same memoir, he chastised black voters for “electing and re-electing demagogues and characters with dubious records, such as Marion Barry of Washington, D.C.,” and wrote, “Black power almost completely discredited the acquisition of knowledge and the rigor of self-discipline.” He added, “Our suspicion of whites and hostility to them routinely go beyond the dictates of reason.” Ultimately this pathbreaker lived only to age 49.
One story takes place during the siege of Constantinople in 1453.
By Carrie Halperin on Publish Date May 8, 2014.
Unrest in Ukraine forced Lviv to abandon its bid , leaving just Oslo, where public support is thin, together with Beijing and Almaty, Kazakhstan — neither a bastion of democracy.
A few hours later, the Proenza Schouler show took place on Wall Street, and as guests spilled out of the building, they were met by the wrenching, elegiac sight of the annual twin beams of light shooting up from the plaza to the sky.
Reception: Dec. 13, 6 to 9 p.m., $25.
American officials feared the same would happen with Mr. Hamidullan.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
“We hope it will become a cult thing,” she said.
Subscriptions run from $13 a week to almost $200 a year.
“With TV ads, inherently there’s waste,” Mr. Kellner said.
Bruno Roger-Petit, a columnist in the weekly newsmagazine Le Nouvel Observateur, posited that the specs were a clear nod to the style of the politician Jacques Chirac in the golden years of French prosperity during the 1960s-70s, and thus “an object that embodies a clear relationship to a past perceived as positive, the nostalgia for an era of fun both prohibited and conquered.” (This despite the fact that the last French leader to actually wear Lindberg glasses, albeit a different style, was Mr. Hollande’s fellow socialist, Lionel Jospin, who was prime minister from 1997 to 2002; Mr. Chirac was the founder of the Gaullist party, Rally for the Republic.)
Great comedy, including ethnic sendups, must have something of sadness.
It is their longest home winning streak since 2009.
She will report to both Mr. Baquet and Mr. Rosenthal as part of an audience development department that is intended to be a resource shared by the paper’s news and editorial sides, much like its photography and video departments.
Imagine the frustration faced for so many years by Eric W. Jordan and his colleagues.
If the organizer of a money-losing fund-raiser causes other, competent volunteers to quit, the whole enterprise can be undermined.
After the end of the Space Shuttle program in 2011, though, there was no way to recover ISEE-3.
This was how they became champions.
We take for granted that, every year, a certain number of people will die for entirely avoidable reasons, killed on roads that could have been safer, drowned on ferries that were overcrowded.
He hurdled a short fence and managed to capture the doctor getting down on his knee.
Geoffrey Holder , the dancer, choreographer, actor, composer, designer and painter who used his manifold talents to infuse the arts with the flavor of his native West Indies and to put a singular stamp on the American cultural scene, not least with his outsize personality, died on Sunday in Manhattan.
The Philharmonic faces financial challenges and has regularly run deficits for the past decade.
“His tusks have come through, and a dentist has looked at him and said they are in perfect shape.” In San Antonio, Mitik will now begin to socialize with a 26-year-old female walrus named Takena, one of two adults in the collection there.
“You’re doing essentially a full class in not even 10 minutes,” she said.
The new lending was spread evenly among larger companies, small enterprises, consumers and home buyers, UniCredit said.
When you’re ready to pay at a store with a contactless terminal, you hold your iPhone close to the device.
Unions at the Goodyear plant had been demanding higher-than-usual severance packages of €80,000, or about $110,000, plus €2,500 for each year worked.
The owner says, ‘I used to buy 10 bags at a time, and now I buy 100 at a time.’ ” Some New Yorkers are not stopping at gathering eggs.
He also said he had forbidden eavesdropping on the leaders of allied countries, after the disclosure of such activities ignited a diplomatic firestorm with Germany , Brazil and other countries.
But when the morning after came, the notion that France was now happily united seemed illusory.
A 16-year-old boy was shot in the bicep in York, Pa. , Friday night.
John L. Robinson, a former editor of The News & Record in Greensboro, N.C., and now an adjunct lecturer at U.N.C.’s journalism school, said, “The N&O has been the pivotal figure in attempting to get to the bottom of what’s happened at the university, and the university has seemed to resist at every step.” Others more or less wish Kane would just go away.
In October, a federal district judge, Lee Yeakel, ruled that the requirement serves no medical purpose and improperly infringes on women’s reproductive rights.
The regulation of self-driving cars is moving forward, albeit slowly.
Then, a smash cut to a wedding scene.
The night before, Robert S. Ford, the career diplomat and Arabic speaker who was until recently the nominal ambassador to Syria and the main executor of American policy there, declared on “ PBS NewsHour ” that he quit his post in February because the policy had failed and he “could no longer defend” it in public.
‘The Greek Monsters’ (Friday through Thursday) Construction crews aren’t all that have invaded the Onassis Cultural Center NY during its renovation; a host of mythological monsters has moved in, too.
At the meeting, he said, “You are forcing sexuality questions on my children they are not capable of understanding.” Another father, Vincent Mustaccio, accused Ms. McBeth of trying to foist her “abnormality” on young children.
But I also found myself looking at the screen and thinking, “This is not the way it is.”
Both that novel and another, coming next month, have been translated by James Anderson.
“While French politicians have cooled their rhetoric,” she says, “they might be tempted to take a tougher attitude toward the United States on other fronts, especially in ongoing talks in a U.S.-European trade deal.” The bank, BNP Paribas, was penalized for having its American offices handle business involving blacklisted countries, like Sudan, Cuba and Iran.
After being released from prison in the Dominican Republic in 1989, Mr. Santos moved to Miami and started a new life, working first as manager for a cleaning company that cleaned, among other offices, the Miami-Dade Police Headquarters.
For more than an hour, Chinese users reported being unable to access websites ending in .com, .net, and .org, including the popular search engine Baidu and microblogging platform Sina Weibo.
Conversely, the amount of cash that high-interest countries, like Italy and Spain, took out of the pot would depend on how expensively they borrowed, as well as their bond issuance.
A company found to have broken European Union antitrust laws can face fines of up to 10 percent of its global annual revenue, although penalties rarely reach those levels.
Beijing is also trying to rally support for its vision of a trade agreement that would encompass all of Asia and the Pacific.
The remaining actors, besides Mr. Gaines, who studied acting at the Juilliard School , are “New Brunswick people and George Street people,” meaning local performers and those who have been in previous George Street productions, Mr. Esbjornson said.
Another memorable scene in this book has Cole making a sample TV ad on spec, driving a borrowed convertible down Sunset Boulevard.
Boulton Center for the Performing Arts, 37 West Main Street.
• On the seventh day, the tennis players rest.
While London is relatively welcoming to non-native cuisines, few could have predicted just how quickly the latest culinary trend would take off.
Steve Shabet, a farmer whose float once won a prize in the parade (it tossed green beans to spectators along the route), said he was drawn to Bridgewater from the Upper West Side by “the quietness of the farms and the friendliness of its people.” Nonetheless, he supported the ballot measure as a way “to attract more young families.” Not eager to see the town’s one elementary school be consolidated into a regional one, he said, “You need more infrastructure and services, and one would be a nice restaurant for casual dining.” The lack of commercial activity in Bridgewater, beyond a few establishments such as a gas station and a village store that sells baked goods and other treats, means that the sale of alcohol is still theoretical.
Videoconferencing is suggested as an option, if it is feasible.
But her affection for the confused bustle of backstage life suffuses the play with warmth and genial humor.
Under France’s election system, a second round will be held next Sunday in any race in which no candidate received a majority, including mayoral races in Paris, Lyon and Marseille, the country’s most populous cities.
“These messages,” he said, “need to be repeated — over and over again.” Mr. Plosser, a skeptic about the need for additional efforts to stimulate the economy, said he believed the challenge was more fundamental.
308, a bar in Nashville owned by her sister.
Kaymer had other moments Saturday that challenged his composure.
Some, however, are more controversial and have no official connection to other denominations.
Six governments have overlapping claims in the area.
Harman did not bring this lawsuit in order to get work to take Trinity heads off the highway,” Mr. Carpinello said.
But despite American objections, the sale is still on track, and the first ship is scheduled for delivery late this year.
A scientific committee of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity is expected to discuss the budding science and the potential regulatory implications at a meeting next month.
And if that’s the case, we’ll do another package of stories chronicling that moment.
I read “Lolita” over and over, trying to find the dirty parts.
“We’re not asking for special treatment,” Mr. Gray said.
Frank A. Wolak, an economics professor at Stanford who studies commodities, said the congestion markets created perverse incentives because profits rise when grid congestion becomes worse.
Unless you think you’d like it.
“We’re really pushing them ... about the situation with the girls,” Kerry said.
Unwrap tart shell and place on a sheet pan or baking sheet.
Mr. Marchionne, well known for his blunt style and attention to detail, held monthly meetings with the Ram executives, where he expected updates.
Glib posts and clever images may help excite a candidate’s base or improve fund-raising temporarily, but the main audience for campaigns on Twitter is the people who write, talk and tweet about the campaigns for a living.
If the central bank begins large-scale quantitative easing, expect more legal challenges to the E.C.B.
Yet to build trust with local authorities, Airbnb has recently started collecting taxes on behalf of some city governments in the United States, first in Portland, Ore., and starting next month in San Francisco.
It confirmed the death of the following American recently: GREENE, Harold J., 55, Maj. Gen., Army; Schenectady, N.Y.; Combined Security Transition Command.
And today we have a group that is very sure of its strengths and which is doing well and living well together.
I have no words for that question.
That same week, two police officers guarding the home of the Manhattan district attorney were attacked with a machine gun; they survived critical injuries.
He was headed to the Class AA All-Star Game when the Cardinals ordered him to meet them in Colorado, to replace the injured pitcher Jaime Garcia.
However, the problem with those systems involved the propellant inside the inflator being improperly manufactured, Takata has said.
USA Today reports that researchers at the Walt Disney Animation Research Library have discovered that a bird with a New York accent was the original sidekick for the evil sorceress Maleficent in Disney’s 1959 classic, “Sleeping Beauty.” An early clip of the film shows the “cultured vulture” in a comic-relief role, trying to disguise himself as less-threatening animals to spy on Princess Aurora.
A friend of the family, Simon Astaire, said he did not know if any such report was made.
Your Morning Briefing is posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Don’t miss Your Evening Briefing at 5 p.m. What would you like to see here?
In the meantime, a good-will delegation has been assembled, one that’s more than deserving of an old moniker, the Newport All-Stars; its ranks consist of the vocalist Karrin Allyson, the trumpeter Randy Brecker, the saxophonist and clarinetist Anat Cohen, the guitarist Mark Whitfield, the pianist Peter Martin, the bassist Ben Allison and the drummer Clarence Penn.
#RIP #BoilerStrong #RIPAndrew //t.co/e8LTldMq8E — Purdue Student Life (@PurdueStudents) 21 Jan 14 Prayers for Andrew Boldt and his family and friends.
As word spread on Saturday that Israel’s leaders were considering pulling all ground forces from Gaza, Lieutenant Goldin’s family spoke to journalists outside their home in Kfar Saba, a Tel Aviv suburb.
(They’re an eccentric version of Graham’s nearly nude look for her men.)
One day in 1979, at his grocery in a neighborhood called KK Nagar, a salesman made a casual remark: He’d have to go all the way to T Nagar for lunch because KK Nagar didn’t have any restaurants.
“The communication was bad, and I think their resolution was bad,” Mr. Epstein said.
Gupta was enterprising in the opening and managed to break apart the pawns guarding Edouard’s king.
STAMFORD World Affairs Forum, at Stamford Yacht Club “Reporting From the Middle East,” lecture by Kevin Peraino.
If this is true, Tim Cook should get advice from Mark Zuckerberg about how to keep big acquisitions quiet.
Lineups that featured the two point guards have outscored the Nets by a wide margin.
For many years in the 1970s she worked with urethane foam, creating huge, sinuous installations that seemed to flow out of building windows or down staircases.
The Smiths returned in January and, after a seemingly permanent hiatus, the Lavers came back in stock in March.
But last week, a report from the inspector general of the Justice Department, Michael E. Horowitz, “set the record straight,” Gretchen Morgenson writes in the Fair Game column .
Esher Place, an informal, Gothic-influenced set of gardens surrounding a medieval gatehouse on the estate of Henry Pelham, is widely considered his masterpiece in this category; it’s seen at Bard in a video and in Kent’s playful Italian-influenced “Capriccio” drawings.
She aspires to win other beauty contests.
For a change, Federer could not rise to the challenge and certainly not play to his lofty 2014 standards.
“The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug” (Warner Brothers) chugged along in third place, taking in about $16.3 million, for a four-week total of $229.6 million.
But opinion polls draw a very different picture: a 50-50 split between Germans who wholly support the West’s actions against Russia in response to the annexation of Crimea, and those who urge greater tolerance for Moscow’s actions.
The law sought to force debit card issuers to permit merchants more choices in the networks used to route the transaction.
It’s hard to envision in the current context of a media ecosystem where endless voices vye for attention, but at the time, Sid Hartman, the loud, opinionated sports columnist, was the voice of God.
In a statement, the government accused the group of “well-known biases” and “a lack of credibility,” charging that it had conducted research in Egypt without authorization and interfered in a judicial process — both crimes punishable by jail time under Egyptian law.
In Colorado, Ski Cooper will dish hot food from its snowcat-based Cat Trax.
for more than 20 years and listened to the speech.
You are being sexually harassed in the workplace, which stinks.
The quartet of able performers work to sell the material, but no one’s buying (1:30).
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has been studying the impact of medical billing on credit scores since 2012, acknowledging that unpaid medical bills in collection “frequently end up on consumer credit reports,” as an outgrowth of “very complex and confusing systems of figuring out who owes what after a medical procedure.” Mr. Cordray, the bureau’s director, said it would take appropriate action if harmful practices were identified.
Justice Ginsburg has repeatedly vowed in recent months to stay on the court as long as her health holds and she stays mentally sharp.
But given the family dynamics, it was hard not to read into the lyrics that same sense of familial suffocation that drives some of Richard’s most famous, and infamous, lines.
That requires skills as varied as a theater director, researcher and psychologist — all traits integral to writing.
The government pushed through a 5.5 trillion yen supplementary budget in February, and some economists expect the Bank of Japan to introduce more monetary easing.
EAST HAMPTON Guild Hall “Cherish the Ladies: A Celtic Christmas.” Nov. 29 at 8 p.m. $28 to $55.
“We will let you go, but don’t show your faces again.” Residents in Falluja said the militants were trying to impose strict Islamic codes, like telling men not to wear Western clothes and women not to wear makeup.
The Israeli military said two were intercepted over Tel Aviv by the country’s Iron Dome antimissile system.
By fabricating so many elements of the apartment by hand in Belgium; by sourcing many of the stones and pieces of wood on walks in upstate New York; by making the effort to purchase things like old and battered wood tabletops spied at the Union Square farmers market (after repeated attempts, the bemused vendor finally said yes, and these are now ceilings in two of the bedrooms); and perhaps most importantly, by being granted so much time by the hotel’s co-owners, Drukier and the actor Robert De Niro, they have succeeded in doing something unique and true to their mission.
The effort will also be promoted on the Burt’s Bees Facebook page (2.3 million followers), on Twitter (56,600 followers), and with online advertising.
“It will not be a normal funeral,” said a cousin, Said Abu Khdeir, who owns a restaurant in the neighborhood.
As Felicity herself says, “I’m fairly certain lonely’s most natural habitat is a school cafeteria.” Thankfully, this is not one of those books where all roads lead to one triumphant and redemptive moment.
's collapse affects northeast China to some extent, that will in no way disrupt China’s journey of modernization.”
One increase had been for a major capital improvement , or M.C.I., “which I protested because they replaced the boiler,” Ms. Klingberg said.
A searchable guide to these and other shows is at nytimes.com/events.
Mr. de Blasio received $52,200 in rent in 2013 from a duplex rowhouse that he owns near his primary home in Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Veronica Etro went back to the family’s roots — with great success.
Roy Lichtenstein’s outdoor sculpture, “Tokyo Brushstroke I & II.” Continuing.
If we’re at Trader Joe’s, we’ll multiply by three; at Whole Foods, we’ll multiply by five.
That is not “extorting cash”; it is responsible stewardship.
Under the Assad family’s rule, all of Hezbollah’s Iranian-supplied weapons passed through Damascus, Syria’s capital.
John’s an owner of Punch Pizza in Minneapolis, and Nick helps make the dough.
It is Open Road Films, not Roadside Attractions.
He’d often suspected that behind his own drive to achieve — to have his opinions aired on television and his books published by mainstream presses, to lead mass movements — was a need to satisfy his father’s more conventional expectations of him.
She had most recently been a digital account manager at JWT, New York, part of WPP.
The forecast for 2015 is now for an increase of 5.3 percent compared with 2014; the previous forecast called for a gain of 5.7 percent.
“It’s you against the guy across from you.
One reason may be that its last big cause was a failed push to restore Mexico’s death penalty.
Last week, Judge Rhodes said the city’s efforts to crack down on overdue water customers was damaging its reputation and advised the city to handle the matter with greater care.
(Pulama says that it did not turn down any previous applicants.)
But momentum had built for a big change.
GIANTS 4, DIAMONDBACKS 2 Pinch-hitter Matt Duffy delivered a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning, and visiting San Francisco narrowed its gap in the N.L.
He watched David Letterman and “Saturday Night Live” and dreamed of becoming a comedy writer in Manhattan.
■ Unilever, London and Amsterdam, is introducing what the company is calling its first corporate television and digital campaign.
“We built 438 transformer substations, 17 power-distribution hubs, two thermoelectric power stations!” he shouted.
And on New Year’s Day there will be a mimosa brunch with live rock ‘n’ roll by Growl, an Austin four-piece band, for people who are ready to break their resolutions early.
The adjoining dining room has a built-in buffet.
Their bafflement is well founded.
“What this law basically says,” President Bill Clinton said before signing the bill, “is that the government should be held to a very high level of proof before it interferes with someone’s free exercise of religion.” Q.
“Governments are very risk averse.
One woman in her late 30s, for instance, who has been in a peer marriage for 10 years, said during couples therapy that when she asked her husband to be more forceful, “rougher,” in bed, the result was comical.
I dated other people, got another job, then left that job for graduate school and moved back in with my mother.
The third night of network television’s premiere week provided good news for another new series, the comedy “Black-ish” on ABC, while further cementing CBS’s solid start and planting more red flags for the Fox network.
And although experts say Mr. Kim did not feed his uncle to dogs as one Chinese blog post suggested, South Korean intelligence officials said some of the uncle’s lieutenants were executed by machine gun.
But the advance also starkly symbolized the broader aim espoused by ISIS of erasing the border drawn by the colonial powers after World War I and establishing an Islamic state that stretches from the Mediterranean through the deserts of Iraq.
Maryland (5-3, 2-2) avoided its first shutout of the season on a score with 57 seconds left.
I have fond memories of a New York City mayoral candidate waving a rubber chicken that was supposed to be the absent Rudy Giuliani.
He acknowledged that the current generation of immigrants, both from inside the European Union and from further afield, have played a vital role in institutions as varied as the National Health Service and the City of London.
He worked for a private law firm before leaving to help start the firm of Munger, Tolles, Hills & Rickershauser in 1962.
Over the last year, many departments across the country have held “ tweet-alongs ” with officers, a kind of ride-along for the digital set, said Nancy Kolb, who oversees a center on social media at the International Association of Chiefs of Police.
On June 20, Michigan’s governor, Rick Snyder, used the building as a symbol of rebirth, signing legislation there to approve almost $200 million in state funds for what has become known as the “Grand Bargain,” a package of private and public money intended to save the Detroit Institute of Arts’ collection by helping the city pay its pensioners.
MIKE ROST Supervisor, Town of Tuxedo Tuxedo, N.Y., Oct. 8, 2014 To the Editor: Thank you for saying what the majority of the residents in the town of Tuxedo have been trying to tell the Genting Group and our town board since April 28, when they sprang this 1.4 million square feet of construction for a resort hotel and casino abomination on us.
“It’s a statement of intent,” said Edward Dolman, Phillips’s new chairman and chief executive officer, wearing a hard hat among scurrying workers in the 20-foot-high main exhibition gallery overlooking Berkeley Square.
With the referendum in full swing, Ms. Rowling, the creator of the Harry Potter series, said the independence movement was the product of a “fringe of nationalists” who sought to demonize anyone who was not unquestionably in favor of their cause.
“Nothing too serious,” she said, “but basically that day we agreed to disagree.” Around them, similar debates were happening.
“I cringe when I see Cuban Americans, who but for the grace of God would be in the same position as these illegal immigrants, try to deny the mercy and sanctuary of America to others,” he said.
In the season finale of “Restaurant Startup,” Joe Bastianich and Tim Love decide whether to finance the Whole Beast, a snout-to-tail caterer, or Bon Chovie, an anchovy-themed restaurant.
And officials said they hoped to enlist other review websites to contribute data.
One features a woman’s face bathed in the Technicolor glow of “The Wizard of Oz” as she watches it on television.
In a brief concession speech, Ms.
As odd as it may sound, the sooner you start treating your investments like you treat life, the happier you’ll be with the outcome.
It has captured dams and oil fields, and has seized spoils of war like armored personnel carriers and tanks.
Elsewhere, a large amount of time was spent by many characters agonizing over whether Sarah’s daughter MacGuffin , er, I mean, Kira (Skyler Wexler) should have the bone marrow transplant to save Cosima.
When you have 10 lively people in a room and a good meal on the table, it’s sometimes hard to remember why you’re there.
As so often happens, the trial is offering a kind of shadow history of the N.C.A.A.
It was a positive in refocusing your life, but I guess it was a negative [in] that it kind of sterilizes you in a way.
When it comes to football as a sport, a fan could look and see all the good things it might provide young players: confidence, teamwork, leadership skills, good exercise.
And it’s not just the women who are complaining.
While that lofty output is more high-strung than the mellow torque production of the CLA250’s engine, this isn’t an ill-behaved beast.
Laney was apparently in such pain that she asked her teammate Briyona Canty to tie a loose shoelace for her during the final minutes.
First, let me repeat a principle I put forward at the outset of my presidency: The United States will use military force, unilaterally if necessary, when our core interests demand it: when our people are threatened; when our livelihoods are at stake; when the security of our allies is in danger.
While mourning, Mr. Moodysson, a practicing Christian, glumly studied chess, contemplated teaching full time and returned to his first discipline, writing novels with titles like “Death & Co.” One might expect Mr. Moodysson to live alone in a squat, but in reality he shares a happy home in Malmo with his wife, the writer and graphic novelist Coco Moodysson, and their three children.
Mr. Abdullah’s followers squabbled with supporters of Mr. Ghani’s first vice president, the influential but controversial power broker Abdul Rashid Dostum, over offices that Mr. Abdullah had expected to get.
For the second time this year, a federal appeals panel here heard arguments about the constitutionality of a new state law governing abortion.
Scores of people in the area, particularly children, had developed rashes, fevers, swollen joints and sometimes more serious symptoms.
Variety gets the market all confused.
The composer based the first movement on a motif he associated with Geyer.
Next month, she is to become the vice president for marketing at Shoptiques in New York, an online store that sells clothing and accessories from boutiques around the world.
It has thousands of recipes, including ideas for what to do with all that pumpkin flesh.
Daily oil production and exports have climbed steadily since 2011, nearly two years after Iraq awarded rights to develop its major oil fields to international oil companies.
He ran off to procure a Thai iced tea for me, in a plastic bag.
“I guess they may write a few things about me in the newspapers this weekend.” And if he wins?
The commission will revisit the plan in January.
On Wednesday, New Hampshire’s House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly, 225 to 104, to repeal the death penalty.
You discover the world can get along very nicely without you.”
Chinese writers like me often face difficult choices.
Don’t bring up problems; bring up real solutions and just get things done.
The commission has repeatedly called on the Security Council to refer the warring parties in Syria to the International Criminal Court for possible criminal prosecution, an unlikely prospect at the moment.
— SOMINI SENGUPTA Christiane Amanpour of CNN interviewed the former prime minister of Ukraine, Yulia V. Tymoshenko.
Based on a show that used to tour on the City Parks Foundation PuppetMobile, this theatrical adventure, by Douglas Strich, Alexander Bartenieff and Bruce Cannon, follows Bessie as she follows her dreams.
agent — you can start a pool on which will be the next to succumb to the show’s appetite for brutality.
Luna Stage, 555 Valley Road.
Teams are vying for medals and to qualify for next year’s world championships: the Bermuda Bowl, Venice Cup and d’Orsi Senior Bowl.
Like timeless tracks that never get old no matter how many times you hear them, great design should have “a certain lightness, a certain elegance.” For their latest undertaking, a line of rectangular vases in mix-and-match heights and colors for the Finnish brand Iittala , the Bouroullecs sought to create the handcrafted objects in strict geometries instead of more traditional and forgiving organic shapes.
Mr. Upadhyay is a jaded millennial, but he, too, is infected by Modi hope.
But it’s definitely a play worth knowing (1:10).
And so Eva listens to Marianne’s complaints about her ex — he’s a bore and a loser, clumsy in bed and unable to take care of himself — and surreptitiously tries to correct the faults in Albert that caused his marriage to disintegrate.
So today, I ask for you to join me in enacting a new property tax relief initiative that tackles the root causes that are driving up property taxes in the first place.
Go ahead and add them.
A family spokesman announced the death.
Women, who are not permitted to be altar servers, often veil their heads to pray.
Once you reach the Help page, you must request deletion of your account; but make sure you download your profile before you do that.
alter its bid , suggesting, for example, that some sort of energy-business partnership rather than an outright purchase would be preferable.
“They could sell their co-op, buy one of our apartments, and even keep some money in their pocket.” Despite the oft-cited popularity of sheer, glassy towers with expose-it-all apartments, Mr. Pennoyer said, there is a lot to be said for masonry walls — which help blend the building organically into the Upper East Side, while also offering space to hang curtains or art.
This is very, very problematic, and that’s the sense, that’s the feeling.” With prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict at a nadir, some analysts say the revival of the nationality bills is fueled by fears of a single entity between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea where Jews would not be a clear majority.
Mr. Lavrov said some proposed constitutional amendments had been shown to officials in Europe for a consultative review, and he demanded that those changes also be addressed during the public talks.
At 9 a.m., as he strode among his men, directing their fire and shouting encouragement, Booth was killed by a bullet to the chest.
The intracity turf war between the Knicks and the Nets, still lukewarm after two years, will resume Friday night with a curious new wrinkle.
Here is a place.” To move Marriott’s image from “a sea of sameness to a world of difference,” as some company executives summarize it, Mr. Sorenson is relying on new brands.
Sustainability, a term generously used these days, dictates that we use the interim crops grown to achieve this goal, just as a true chef uses every part of a chicken, leaving nothing to waste.
He added that, being practical, he wished more would succeed.
and other infections transmissible by blood.
And midfielder Jermaine Jones will be with the United States for the first time since his move from Schalke to Besiktas in Turkey.
The economy expanded at an annual rate of 4.6 percent in the second quarter after contracting at a 2.1 percent rate in the previous period.
The geometric pattern of panes on the skylight’s glass serves as a clever design element, influencing everything from the logo to the tile formations installed throughout.
He wrote that the voices of regular citizens “are too often drowned out by the few who have great resources,” and disagreed with some of the Supreme Court’s analysis in the recent case, McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission.
“Frankly, we don’t have a clue.” The operations rooms, which require beneficiaries to provide information on their members, may have helped identify fighters and groups that the United States will channel greater aid through in the future.
In “Covert Affairs,” at 10, Annie (Piper Perabo) and McQuaid (Nic Bishop) high-tail it out of Argentina with Russian assassins on their trail.
MILFORD Connecticut Audubon Society Coastal Center at Milford Point A guided walk at Beaver Brook Ponds to see late migrators.
BRONX The New York Botanical Garden “Holiday Train Show,” large-scale model trains and more than 150 New York landmarks re-created with nuts, bark, leaves and other plant parts.
His vision of a more rigid Catholicism made him a revered figure among many conservative Catholics suspicious of the liberalizing spirit introduced by John XXIII.
But with growing interest in Islam, more campuses are providing prayer spaces and cultural centers.
For one thing, they spoke Chechen, a diabolically difficult language for outsiders to learn.
The Committee of the Regions, created by the European Union in the 1990s to give locally and regionally elected officials a say in Brussels, merely added another expensive layer to the bloc’s institutions without bestowing any real power.
That organization, which asked the federal government not to identify it publicly, would then help the migrants reach relatives living in the United States, Ms. Kice said.
What none of them realized was that he had amassed more than $100,000 in drug money during those college years.
The government’s shelling of Falluja in recent days, and its previous heavy-handed response to Sunni protests in the province, which prompted the recent fighting, has exacerbated the animosity among Sunnis toward the central government.
As Britain’s Channel 4 News reported , the police searched his family home in the West Sussex town of Crawely on Wednesday and relatives expressed shock at the accusations.
Sundays in SoHo: William Wegman (Sunday) You wouldn’t expect a design store to welcome a dog, but the one visiting the MoMA Design Store in SoHo on Sunday won’t knock over tables or precious crafts.
Are they any better prepared?” “And at the moment,” he added, “the answer is probably not.” Unlike when the elder George Bush and John McCain won the Republican nomination in part because voters put trust in their foreign policy experience, the 2016 field is likely to be dominated by candidates who lack that background — senators who have been in office just a few years and governors who have had no exposure to the complexities of war and diplomacy.
Just very, very close.” Mr. Kerry was especially close when Mr. Nicholson’s younger brother, Peter, died in 2009 from a pulmonary embolism.
“No, I’m not careful, but, of course, I’m trying to be smart,” Ms. Netrebko said, explaining that she tries to follow her tough new roles with easier ones that will restore her voice.
Serious people want balanced budgets and price stability, never mind what the textbooks say.
It “is a huge success story that hasn’t received enough attention,” said David B. Abrams , executive director of tobacco research at the American Legacy Foundation , a research and education group focused on reducing cigarette use and related diseases.
He knows only that he swatted the ball over the center-field fence.
The loss ended a seven-game winning streak for the Eagles (10-6, 1-1).
The mother in Mississippi had disappeared with her baby for several months after treatment began, and pediatricians assumed when they saw the baby again that it would be teeming with the virus.
” “It was the most beautiful letter,” Ms. Atlas said, “I have it framed in our house.” A week later, they met for lunch; as soon as he walked into the restaurant, Ms. Atlas said, she fell for him.
After 10 minutes, add corn and continue for another 10 to 15 minutes.
His academic background was unusual: His Ph.D. was in German literature and German intellectual history, and his writing reflected that emphasis; his study of Nuyorican sociology, for example, employed Hegelian dialectics and Marxist class analysis.
A former correspondent for “Totally Biased With W. Kamau Bell,” Mr. Kondabolu builds jokes through arguments, articulating opposing views, dramatizing disputes, then slicing through them with his own progressive take.
My struggle was ultimately rewarded by some really nice, Thursday-level cluing.
According to pesh merga accounts, when those trucks emerged around 3 p.m. from hiding places in farmhouses and barns near the highway in an apparent attempt to attack the Kurds from the rear, American jet fighter-bombers streaked in and blew up the trucks with cannon fire and bombs.
In the meantime, Mr. Copeland said, “I’m concerned that younger attorneys have never known anything different.” “They may assume they’re doing all they should for a client, when they really aren’t,” he said.
It was a bold declaration, but for one week, at least, he produced the game to back it up.
They have a political agenda that they’re intent on pushing through.” Mr. Witt rejected the criticism, saying he was dedicated to improving student achievement, giving equal footing to charter-school students and rewarding educators for doing their jobs well.
And it has likely had a chilling effect on investment, particularly by American companies, which are under pressure from shareholders to reduce their exposure to North Africa.
When I lived in Las Vegas, there were billboards everywhere advertising different casinos.
A few days later the results were back – all negative.
Morgan Stanley said they followed the rules to a T, which may be true, but in that case, the rules are ludicrous because small investors didn’t get the same information.” Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
The post continued: “The housekeeper said: ‘Lots of National People’s Congress representatives don’t represent the people.
draft if he leaves college this year.
Once it is established here, control will be like putting out constant wildfires that threaten everyone everywhere.
A 30-second TV spot airs only in selected markets in Texas, but just four days after its release, the “wheelchair ad” from the campaign of State Senator Wendy Davis, the Democratic candidate for governor, has provoked a nationwide debate over its tone and the boundaries of political attack ads.
The seven he completed are ensconced there now, and Canova’s remains are interred in the church.
When the legislature voted to allow casinos, the state was limping through a nationwide recession.
“I personally think the judge got it right,” said Mr. Eliason, who teaches white-collar criminal law at George Washington University Law School.
“Now I thought I did pretty well after Dallas and I thought I reflected credit on the Secret Service.
An aide also added that the handful of people who have historically called her the Child did so in an endearing way.)
An updated summary of what is known and not known about the crash.
allowed the proposal to be put on the proxy and a majority of shareholders supported it, JPMorgan wouldn’t have to abide by its terms.
Variation blossomed when the three dancers came together, casually strutting on relevé while singing assorted tones: not quite dissonant, not quite harmonious, definitely beautiful.
In his first year on Wall Street, he explained, he could count the number of weekend days he had not worked on one hand.
Much of the music has a hazy, dreamlike tone; the implication is that the ballet is what passes through the minds of Musick and his crew at the point of death.
She cited “an appalling lack of infrastructure, such as showers, toilets, recycling, even rubbish bins.” The aptly named “Moor or Less” report, of which Ms. Jones was an author last year, found that the number of moorings and other houseboat facilities in London was being outstripped by the rising demand.
“Oh, my God, Joffe,” cried her friend Hailey Benton Gates, an actress.
Forcing your landlord to act might not be easy.
Over time, the managers began to take responsibility for the meetings.
The freshness of some of the Belmont entrants seems to worry Victor Espinoza, who has ridden California Chrome for six consecutive victories by a combined 27 1/2 lengths.
Three of the five — Our Town, Our Town Downtown and The West Side Spirit — are free, with weekly circulations of 20,000 each, according to recent data from the Alliance for Audited Media.
There are more platforms, more websites, more pat solutions to serious problems — here’s an app that can fix drug addiction!
Feb. 16 at 4 p.m. $25.
Environmental and health officials monitoring the concentration of the chemical in the water system, known as MCHM, said the concentration had dropped consistently below one part per million, a safety threshold set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Environmental Protection Agency.
For Republicans, the top concerns about anti-poverty programs have long been: Are they affordable, and do they discourage people from working their way out of poverty?
Chang, who had played rarely on clay as a standout junior or young professional, had not been past the fourth round in a major.
ABC says Mr. Muir’s youth was not a factor in his selection.
But, he added, “We also see vulnerabilities in the program, and we have proposed for public input into ways to improve it.” Leaders of numerous patient advocacy groups, many of whom met last week with White House officials to express concern about the proposed rule, said they were worried that patients could be harmed if the policy changed.
“I was making introductions, people for her to meet.
The increases in places like Seattle, Mr. Sonn said, go beyond playing catch-up.
Tamburlaine wears it like the height of fashion, though he probably thinks it is ichor, not blood, that runs through his own veins.
“I feel nervous at every moment.” By Wednesday morning, thousands of late votes from the Democratic bastions of Denver and Boulder had reversed the gap, giving Mr. Hickenlooper a narrow win that defied a wave of Republican victories in races for governor in usual Democratic strongholds like Maryland, Massachusetts and Illinois.
When someone was needed to sit next to Prince Harry at his polo charity event in Connecticut in May, she was there to kiss and chat.
Film BRIDGEPORT The Bijou Theater “Rashomon,” (1950) Akira Kurosawa.
“Ebola is not an African disease,” he said, speaking in French.
's pass-happy ways and the rise in the running back bust rate.
Jacoby Ellsbury drilled a two-out homer off Vinnie Pestano in the top of the 14th, ending an 18-inning scoreless streak by the Indians’ bullpen.
The biggest question marks hung over Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett.
At 36, Défago is one of the oldest athletes on the World Cup.
This and other disasters are distinctly possible, the authors found.
Beijing has indicated it is prepared to accept slower growth as it tries to wean its economy away from dependence on investment and exports in favor of consumption.
A man was shot in the hand and a woman was shot in the chin and torso by an unknown assailant in northeast Baltimore Friday night.
“When you sweat, it helps gain back energy.” Jellies are what the locals call coconuts, or, more precisely, the prized gelatinous lining accessible after you drink the coconut water.
THE COSMOPOLITANS Mr. Stillman’s first television-length project stars Adam Brody (“The O.C.”) and the newcomer Jordan Rountree as Americans living in Paris whose only discernible occupations are falling in love and crashing high-class parties.
It survived through the Web 1.0 and Web 2.0 eras and into whatever we’re in now, drawing enough clicks to attract NBCUniversal, which bought the site in 2007.
Tweaking a tiny totalitarian state and its dynastic leader is — or was probably intended to be — a way of striking a provocative and topical pose while still playing it safe.
After all, it would seem to violate due process to discharge a claim you couldn’t have known you had.
A few of the successes from her kitchen have an Irish accent, like the Jameson braised short ribs, the Guinness battered fish and chips and the potato-and-cabbage dish colcannon, which accompanied the Dijon-crusted pork chop.
Europe’s prolonged economic crisis, along with recent Western sanctions against Russia, which have sharply reduced luxury spending by wealthy Russian tourists, have deepened the malaise.
On Wednesday the work was carried off to the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery, where it will be displayed on Friday morning and will remain until the ownership issues are settled.
The weekend kicks off with “Factory Friday,” which consists of tours of factories that manufacture such goods as bicycles, paint brushes and silk flowers.
My Times colleagues David Leonhardt and Kevin Quealy recently reported that the middle class in America, which had long been the world’s most affluent, wasn’t anymore.
Reward those who have come by way of sorrow.
Though they have made more than 50 albums and sold millions of records in their 45 years together, Los Tigres del Norte are nearly unknown to mainstream English-speaking America.
“A Most Imperfect Union” is not a comprehensive history of the United States, it’s the perspective of two “hyphenated Americans” on the place they call home.
“We saw the trees falling one after the other,” said Camille, 18, who would not give her last name for fear of running afoul of the authorities.
“They did not have any food, and they were starving for four days,” a soldier who said he was one of 200 who managed to escape said in a videotaped statement that he circulated online.
It is not the first time that Indians infected with idealism have entered politics.
Still, despite the reach of the rockets, Mr. Netanyahu is thought to be reluctant to order a large military operation in Gaza, which could quickly turn bloody for both sides.
In his verdict, Judge Artur Karpov of Basmany Court in Moscow ruled that Mr. Navalny had violated the terms of a travel ban from a pending criminal case accusing him of defrauding a local branch of the cosmetics producer Yves Rocher.
Did it mess with his head to win an Oscar at 29?
Despite the United States uproar, Facebook’s efforts will probably be even more difficult to enforce for its overseas users.
It’s not the team.” Yet Miller was not any ordinary quarterback, and the Buckeyes were not supposed to be any ordinary team, even with question marks at just about every position outside the defensive line and, well, quarterback.
On any given day, bookworms of all ages can find their favorite activity in Bryant Park, Avenue of the Americas, at 40th Street.
Mr. Carter said the existence of a conservation district would not create certainty.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Princeton University campus.
We have problems at the border.
Both the Federal Trade Commission and the White House recently called on Congress to pass legislation that would better protect such private data, including requiring companies to give people more control over the digital files collected on them.
Succumbing to the pain of clients is an occupational hazard.
However, the NATO secretary general, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, said the Western allies had not seen any sign of a withdrawal of Russian forces.
They emphasized his humility and intelligence.
He is 25 for 63 in his last 17 games.
Five new direct trains to and from Manhattan are running each weekday in the off-peak hours.
But Ford said this would happen for only “up to 1.5 seconds” before settling on the proper, forward gear.
THE TALOS PRINCIPLE Not everything you can play at E3 is on the show floor.
This was part of his suspicion of translations in general.” For this edition of “Beowulf,” Christopher Tolkien combined and edited three manuscripts of his father’s translation.
He tells how his grandfather fled the Nazis and was forced into exile in Siberia and how his grandmother was sent to a concentration camp, Bergen-Belsen.
(The firm is designing an expansion of the Museum of Modern Art.)
With the Yankees leading by a run in the ninth and Hughes on the hook to be a hard-luck loser, Robertson gave up a leadoff home run to Josh Willingham for his second blown save and then surrendered four more runs as the Twins beat the Yankees, 7-2, to win the three-game series.
It was my dream to make necklaces for rappers.” In 1999, he moved to New York.
There are behavioral approaches which can improve things, though none are a cure.
A Latin American spring is about to turn into a Latin American summer in New York City art museums.
Each is engaged in a quiet struggle against daunting but everyday odds: the human costs of war, the inequities of health care, the crush of debt, the subtle ravages of loneliness.
Feb. 22 at 7 p.m. $24 to $122.
Ecological Cassandras have consistently underestimated humanity’s capacity to invent ways around constraints, using resources more efficiently and switching from scarcer commodities to more abundant ones.
And we know that many people who have suicidal depression will respond well to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), yet prejudice against the treatment, rather than science, holds sway in many hospitals and clinical practices.
Ms. Fitzpatrick remarked that the purchase defined Mr. Neuberger’s lifelong collecting ideology of “supporting contemporary artists, supporting people who supported contemporary artists and buying from artists who he felt had something to say.” In 2009, the Neuberger secured funding from the National Endowment for the Arts for the “When Modern Was Contemporary” catalog, the museum’s first permanent collection catalog.
But she also becomes much more selfish, bigoted and even shockingly cruel once the boy grows out of babyhood.
“Before last summer, my intention was to stay here for a long time; as long as the club wanted me to,” Mata wrote .
(No, you cannot fly in it.)
No other details are available.
Remarkably, the vote in both chambers was unanimous.
While gambling revenue is plummeting, retail and restaurant profits are rising.
That basic structure represents a breakthrough in the impasse that has plagued the United Nations’ 20 years of efforts to create a serious global warming deal.
Tennessee (13-2, 2-1 SEC) beat Mississippi (9-7, 0-2) for the 25th time in a row.
And send your favorite puzzles to gary.antonick@NYTimes.com.
The two, which split evenly any savings, offer a clinic where patients are served by doctors, nurses, pharmacists, mental health professionals and others.
After Uganda criminalized homosexuality, the White House immediately warned that the law would “complicate” the country’s relationship with Washington, and the Netherlands and Norway cut off bits of development aid.
A ProPublica analysis of the 2014 and 2015 plans in 34 states being offered on the exchange shows the adjustments taking place.
Judge Cogan, who said the evidence was overwhelming that Mr. Gioeli was a manager of the crime family and found it was more likely than not he had participated in other murders, said Mr. Gioeli was like many mobsters who are “absolutely schizophrenic in their personalities.” Judge Cogan said, “They go out there and they do things to get people murdered, and at the same time they are wonderful to their families and their communities.” “They are vicious crimes, and they take a vicious person to do them.
“We know where they were born, who they bred with, how many chicks they had,” she said.
Some of the analytics is done through Hewlett-Packard’s Vertica product, and GoodData will pay H.P.
“It’s an easy-to-understand concept.” The next year, Caisse des Dépôts, an investment agency dedicated to French economic development, became a major backer.
Check out this kale stack!
Such initiatives will prove more beneficial on the global level if there is more wealth to redistribute.
She told the authors of the book that she believed she had been able to escape because she was clutching a Bible, though she would have preferred to die, she said.
The Antwerp scientists kept part of the material and looked at it through an electron microscope.
In a few weeks, Western Railway, which manages one of the suburban lines, will test a train with automatic doors and enhanced ventilation, but no air-conditioning, according to Sharat Chandrayan, Western Railway’s chief public relations officer.
The Dallas Mavericks and the Memphis Grizzlies have made things simple for determining the bottom two seeds in the West.
Q. I wanted to speak to you about having a female coach, because, obviously, you’re one of the first top guys in tennis history to work with a female coach from outside your family.
The losses could have knocked the teenager off kilter.
Jim’s temper once again possesses him when he tackles Dell, bloodying his nose.
The settings menu allows endless amounts of customization.
“I’d much rather err on the side of ‘maybe we could have been a little quicker’ if it means that he’s locked in when he gets up here and he’s feeling comfortable.” This much seems clear: Polanco is in the big leagues to stay.
“They feel as if they own the city,” she said.
But the Hudson Companies has run into difficulties in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens, where neighbors formed the group Prospect Park East Network and have sued the developer over its proposed 23-story tower with 254 rental apartments at 626 Flatbush.
A lab downstairs can perform the 60 most common tests.
The laureates’ findings may eventually lead to a better understanding of the spatial losses that occur in Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases.
“There’s a P-40 fighter plane and battleship from World War II.
“We are starting to see more and more students taking advantage of the MAX, and we have also noticed a decline in the number of parking permits that we sold to students this year for parking vehicles on campus,” said John Hall, U.T.-Arlington’s vice president for administration and campus operations.
I know sometimes, Fabio talks or, I don’t know, shows stuff and does stuff.
An old song goes: “Why did Constantinople get the works?
The six-month deal can be extended if both sides agree.
Investigating Gambling Website’s Bitcoin-Denominated Stock | The Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting a formal inquiry into the online gambling website SatoshiDice, which listed Bitcoin-denominated shares on MPEx, an online exchange for the virtual currency, Bloomberg News writes.
On the whiteboard in the Huskies’ locker room, Ollie had scrawled six keys to the game, including: Workmanlike attitude.
The benches are Corian and provide ambient light.
As the rebellion against the government mounted back home, so did the anguish of being away.
Commander Marks declined to comment on whether the United States had provided any additional data to Australia beyond what has been publicly disclosed.
But it’s also the case that refugee camps don’t provide opportunities for livelihood.
Bilbo was saying, “I regret to announce this is the end.
But this year, the langra is nowhere to be found.
When presented with the victims’ names compiled by The Times, G.M.
Are you working to lift the ban?
The move follows a revelation this week that a firm affiliated with Fidelity’s parent company invested in FutureAdvisor in May.
“For the first time, you have a full class of luxury condominiums in New York, and that product type caters to the non-New York buyer,” said Stuart N. Siegel, the president of Engel & Völkers New York Real Estate.
I would yell at him, but we knew we had to do it.
“My mom is my role model,” said Hannah, whose two older brothers and two older sisters have moved away from home.
Grant became mayor in 1889.
“I don’t think anyone alive has spent more hours on these cars than I have,” said Mr. Fasnacht, who does much of his own mechanical work.
Bresnik agreed that it could be tougher for children of affluence to possess a hunger for tennis success.
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the Wellcome Trust are among the organizations championing convalescent plasma and working on how to put it into effect.
MONROE TOWNSHIP Monroe Township Jewish Center “Frost Free,” a dramatization of works by O. Henry, Saki and others, the Bimah Players.
RICHARD KAVESH Nyack, N.Y. • To the Sports Editor: As far as the suspension of Alex Rodriguez is concerned, it is too little too late.
In fact, I remember spending the first three months absorbing everything, including little things like the way people interacted, how they communicated and solved problems.
Time Warner is still in negotiations with Vice Media for a deal that would either give Vice control over the network or allow the two companies to operate it as a joint venture.
“Any evidence that some amphibians are surviving with disease is good news,” she said.
“The excitement over Matsui was to see if Japanese power could translate,” said Brad Lefton, who has covered Japanese baseball on both sides of the Pacific.
Enter Mario, the Italian sous-chef (Sergio Castellitto) who can charm everyone but Martha.
Join us for the online discussion of the novel with Mr. Shteyngart on Monday, March 10, at 6:30 p.m.
Their very first interaction with architecture provides some insight into their working dynamic today.
“But there was a lot of questioning about their attitudes and how they would play in a team concept.” After Kentucky was blown out by Florida, 84-65, to end the regular season, Harrison Sr. received a call from his sons.
“Except this is the mean ‘Rosemary’s Baby’ Fudgsicle made by the weird neighbors.”
Now I can entertain and cook at the same time, which was always my dream.
Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Mills Pond House Gallery, 660 Route 25A.
Lawyers representing the employees want the Supreme Court to review the case.
The chance to represent their countries close to home passed fleetingly.
The video ends with footage of a United States passport being burned.
June 13, 2014 Midday New York Numbers — 488; Lucky Sum — 20 Midday New York Win 4 — 0625; Lucky Sum — 13 New York Numbers — 708; Lucky Sum — 15 New York Win 4 — 3994; Lucky Sum — 25 New York Take 5 — 1, 2, 5, 21, 35 New York Pick 10 — 1, 4, 6, 7, 8, 16, 18, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 39, 43, 51, 56, 62, 68, 75, 77 Midday New Jersey Pick 3 — 347 Midday New Jersey Pick 4 — 2029 New Jersey Pick 3 — 889 New Jersey Pick 4 — 2224 New Jersey Cash 5 — 15, 17, 25, 31, 38 Mega Millions — 7, 38, 46, 49, 56; mega ball, 1 Connecticut Midday 3 — 355 Connecticut Midday 4 — 4001 Connecticut Daily — 588 Connecticut Play 4 — 4571 Connecticut Cash 5 — 7, 21, 24, 34, 35 Connecticut Classic Lotto — 4, 13, 15, 22, 23, 25
Kehler Liddell Gallery, 873 Whalley Avenue.
To be the center of their attention is just glorious.
The Nets, who need help with interior defense and rebounding, were also interested in Glen Davis, who was bought out of his contract last week by the Orlando Magic.
So if moon dust appeals to you for a personal reason, that’s absolutely fine.” As Mr. Clymer sees it, if using historical materials is a gimmick, at least it is one with substance.
In a study published in September by the nonprofit Association for Democratic Reforms, nearly 75 percent of the funding of Indian political parties comes from unknown sources.
He has adopted a more clean-cut look in preparation for his new role, a spokesman said.
Southampton had early visions of something special but fell short.
“Speaker Tillis, it’s 2014 — why did you work to make birth control so inaccessible?” she asked.
President Obama’s impending executive action on immigration is unleashing the fury of Republican governors who now control a clear majority of the nation’s statehouses — and not entirely for the reasons that partisans might expect.
The Department of Homeland Security is on Instagram.
We all take turns.” From Madrid, we drove and drove, heading south along straight, flat state roads and through Estancia, where the newspaper that published Thorp’s pamphlet once occupied a stately corner in what is now a sad, desperate downtown.
(He had largely escaped punishment for his collaboration just after the war, but was murdered in 1993 while the charges were being investigated.)
That they often lived on the fringe of towns was an apt metaphor for their place in society.
While most migrants arrive on foot and try to rush or climb over the border fences, the Moroccan police said Thursday that they had stopped a four-wheel-drive vehicle carrying 17 people that was trying to force its way through a border checkpoint.
She moves slowly up, but can only stare out at her classmates, who begin to snicker.
Bombings and assassinations against both Sunnis and Shiites have become a daily occurrence.
One longtime client was I.M.T.T., which owns a liquid storage facility on the Bayonne waterfront.
Sales there are right around $2,000 a foot.
She’s a total loser, except in the comedy of misfortune.
(Holland Cotter) ★ Brooklyn Museum: ‘Witness: Art and Civil Rights in the Sixties’ (through July 13) This imaginatively chosen show lays to rest the idea that photography was the only memorable art the civil rights era produced.
It is far from clear whether the QueensWay will come to fruition.
With its first wearable computer, Apple will enter a growing market for fitness-tracking gadgets and smartwatches from Fitbit, Nike and Samsung Electronics.
Gem Palace may look like a museum and feel like an exclusive enclave, with private drivers parked outside the guarded entrance doors, but it is open to the public with some modest items available for sale for less than $100.
And think about how many major cases — on voting rights, campaign donations, the death penalty and other issues — might have turned out differently.
Or you can embrace growing diversity and recognize its economic, cultural and social benefits, finding creative ways to manage the change well.
NYACK Edward Hopper House Art Center “Edward Hopper’s Caricatures: At Home With Ed and Jo.” Through April 6.
Do you still feel that way today?
The film is about Burt Shavitz, a scruffy-looking beekeeper who founded the Burt’s Bees line of personal care products with Roxanne Quimby in Maine in the 1980s.
“I’m glad that more taxi apps have arrived,” said Chris Fox, an installer of security systems who got caught in the traffic congestion in central London on Wednesday.
She decided she liked this interviewing game.
Between 2012 and 2013, Organic Gardening’s number of advertising pages declined by 4.3 percent while Saveur’s rose by 6 percent, according to the Publishers Information Bureau.
In 2003, he was hired by the British celebrity chef Jamie Oliver at his renowned London restaurant 15.
Vonn’s exit will deprive the American broadcaster NBC of one of its best story lines — the against-the-odds comeback of a telegenic star with crossover appeal.
There are a lot of high school students who are really stressed out.” With college application season upon them, a lot of stressed-out high school students appear to be following the same path Ms. Verola did: Faced with an increasingly competitive landscape, they have begun applying to more colleges than anyone would previously have thought possible.
“I’m the only one in the family with a steady job,” he said.
She thought the mother was “very sweet, and she’s right in between them, because she makes peace with both of them.” Arbus suspected she harbored “a kind of sneaking admiration” for her son.
Why are you pursuing this so aggressively?
‘Retrospective’ suggests more stability than I allowed my work to have.” If there’s anything unchanging in that body of work, it may be this attraction to change, to examining what he calls “the unique flow of each moment” (a phrase that, in practice, has none of the triteness it has on paper).
“Posted!” she announced to her friend before they ran off to see the “Oprah Winfrey Show Gallery,” a board filled with framed photos of the TV host interviewing stars like Barbra Streisand and Barbara Walters.
In one area of the exhibition, visitors can swipe their fingers on one of 12 iPads to help determine what naturally occurring substance poisoned an owl, a dog or Captain Cook and his crew.
the rain stops, they’ll be sowing an herb garden in the dooryard.
It’s been defended on the grounds that with the weakening of Christianity in Western culture and the apparent failure of Catholic catechesis among the young , modern couples really are much more likely to enter into sacramental marriages without really understanding what they’re doing; it’s been criticized as reflecting a kind of “anthropological pessimism” that understates “the innate human capacity to marry” even in cultural contexts unfriendly to the institution.
“No matter what the grand jury decides, I do not want my son’s death to be in vain.
Yet Mr. Washington’s more laid-back approach has a persuasive emotional logic, and it adds a different kind of suspense to “Raisin.” As the play tells its familiar story of the Youngers’ attempts to leave the South Side for the suburbs, with the life insurance money left by Lena’s husband, we’re less worried that Walter is going to erupt into violence than sink into stasis, dragging his family down with him.
“We have a change in the structure of work that is then compounded by a falling level of what is viewed as acceptable in the workplace in terms of how you treat people and how you regard the law,” Mr. Weil said.
“Our intention is not to put anybody out of business.” He noted that Catholic Cemeteries do not sell headstones themselves, just what the archdiocese calls “inscription rights.” “You don’t own the headstone — we own the headstone,” he said.
So much for reminding you of a coming birthday; what about helping you celebrate?
MARKETS • Wall Street stocks are higher on the last trading session of 2014 .
“I think we are going to be comfortably over 1,000 net and over 1,350 or 1,400 gross,” John Leahy, the sales chief for Airbus, said in a telephone interview.
For manufacturers who have been on the fence about creating a wearable, the barrier to entry just got a lot lower — and Apple just fell a little farther behind.
At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, 212-475-8592, bluenote.net; $75 cover at tables, $40 at the bar, with a $5 minimum.
KLARA “Singin’ in the Rain,” all those classics.
“Don’t tell me, and you send them all under the guillotine.” Should Slava brazen it out and be true to the old people, or betray them and be true to himself?
And yet the book isn’t actually about autism, or even any coming-of-age theme.
“Let’s not play word games,” he said.
Another question looming for both candidates, but especially for Mr. Abdullah, is how they would approach the Taliban insurgency, and whether and how to pursue the possibility of talks and political reconciliation.
Hole in the Wall is the second-oldest, more or less continuously running venue in the city, after The Broken Spoke, a honky-tonk that opened in 1964.
Mr. Yatsenyuk, who is likely to be reappointed prime minister, is more hawkish and anti-Russian, and Mr. Poroshenko is more moderate and more broadly accepted across Ukraine.
Mr. Louis said later in an email that the pace had quickened as the day progressed and that he expected more customers through rush hour.
Republican control of the Senate would probably mean less climate regulation — and more carbon emissions.
Some colleges, such as Amherst and Harvard, have made considerable progress in opening their doors to low-income students, while others have done less well.
In 1984, there was only one female governor, Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky.
“So help me God.” So far, the Dutch banking industry has required the oath only for top executives.
“We intend to build on Neil’s work,” Mr. Boente said.
I also introduced a basic list of architectural terms and concepts .
Alibaba’s supporters, however, say that the firm is fiercely competitive — and has gone to great efforts to keep rivals at bay.
You can’t walk the cobblestone streets of the St. Sophia Square in Kiev, or tour the magnificent 11th-century onion-domed church of the same name, without learning just how much Russia and Ukraine have influenced one another over the centuries — and today will be no different.
By last year, though, sales had fallen back to €409 million because of a nasty shakeout in the solar industry.
“We apologize to our customers and will provide good-will payments to affected owners,” Alan R. Mulally, Ford’s chief executive, said in a statement.
On Sunday, the “Meet the Press” host, David Gregory, also asked Mr. Rogers’s Senate counterpart, Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, whether she agreed with his suspicions that Mr. Snowden had been helped by the Russians.
So much of what we allow to torture us, I’ve come to think, is self-inflicted and self-created.
Not to mention recollection.” PATRICIA GRACE KING CHICAGO The writer is the Carol Houck Smith fiction fellow at the Wisconsin Institute for Creative Writing for 2013-14.
Moffitt’s life was abuzz for weeks after he told the Broncos’ president, John Elway, that he was done playing.
“He would show things from a bit above the story, show the facts, the relationships, so that in the end, everybody can give their own answers to the story they watch.” By the time filming began, two summers ago, Ms. Chastain and Mr. Benson were no longer romantically involved, which added another layer of resonance to the story.
In Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Spain, which are struggling to overcome recessions, G.D.P.
Managers could also see how their decisions compared with others, over all, at other units.
He returned to Italy on Wednesday ahead of Fiorentina’s Europa League game against Juventus on Thursday, but not before an interview with The Times.
What is his physical and mental state?
Rustic certainly applies to the cedar-sided restaurant, with barn wood paneling, tables of reclaimed wood and an antique wooden Hungarian dough bowl mounted on the wall.
Bravo to those who take the challenge, and rest assured that the educational advantages can be found if you look for them.
I figured it out in my mid-20s.
And they love the S.U.V.
For example, after Carol Cascio’s husband died of a heart attack at 52, the pension office of his union, the United Food and Commercial Workers, told her his 33 years as a supermarket meat manager had earned her a widow’s pension of $402.31 a month for life.
I’ve been on the phone all morning with Independence Blue Cross, trying to get an answer.
That aura may partly explain why in recent months many Americans have suspended their dread of the D word to indulge a romance with the Reaper.
Burger has not yet turned a profit, but produces at an amazing rate: 300 releases last year, between new original material on vinyl and CD and many, many cassette releases and reissues in runs of 300 to 2,000.
“Maurice Sendak,” featuring 65 works.
The decision means there will not be a report on how students scored statewide or how students in each school district or individual schools scored.
“I don’t think Mike ever threw a real punch,” said Mr. Lewis, 19.
The outreach office also has a fax machine, copy services and a shredder “to attract people in the building of all ages so we can make them aware of our programs,” Ms. Bruto added.
There is, of course, a franchise benefit to such volume losing: the possibility of landing a top lottery prize in what is shaping up as a deep 2015 draft with at least two premier freshman centers in Duke’s Jahlil Okafor and Kentucky’s Karl-Anthony Towns.
That’s a crime that can never be forgiven.
Shareholders seemed pleased by the developments: Abercrombie’s stock was up about 6 percent, at $36.84, in midmorning trading on Tuesday.
Truman began a tradition in which presidents have been inclined to deliver some of their most important addresses into the TV camera from there — most memorably, John Kennedy on Oct. 22, 1962, revealing that there were Soviet missiles in Cuba and describing his response, and Richard Nixon on Aug. 8, 1974, resigning the presidency.
But even though it’s sort of free to enter (more on the “sort of” later) it’s not worth your time.
Grant then requested that a correction officer escort her to the accessible bathrooms in the public part of the court building, but the officer refused,” her lawyers, Navin Pant and Mindy Friedman, wrote in an Oct. 1 letter to the general counsel for the city’s Department of Correction.
“I don’t want to attribute my whole attitude in the world just to her.
Take the long view: Early experience in nonprofits will open many more doors than it will close.
• The sale of an Oregon craft brewery to the world’s largest brewer provokes a backlash from beer drinkers.
To help power companies and others offset the higher costs, regional grid operators, which manage the nation’s transmission lines and wholesale power markets, auction off congestion contracts, derivatives linked to thousands of locations on the grid.
She had to be mindful not to add too much weight, which would make it unsafe to tow.
“Do you export this?” I asked, as I basked in the long finish of the Hors d'Âge.
“What is this thing called Twitter, anyway?” Mr. Erdogan said late Tuesday on NTV, a privately owned Turkish news channel.
No longer would they have to test their blood-sugar levels multiple times per day and try to calculate how much insulin to take.
“LeSean McCoy, I’ll race him again.
An employee quietly applied stickers to a set of bats that had been freshly stained.
Having captured the presidency in part because of his opposition to the Iraq war and his promise to wind it down, Mr. Obama is now returning American soldiers to an unresolved conflict.
Most of it is shrouded in hair and glasses, and the rest does not convey much.
When will the public question the absurdity of all this and say enough is enough?
The culture shock can be hard.
“The cultural district is amazing,” Mr. Peck said.
The league said a makeup date would be announced as soon as possible.
Poverty and jobless rates and homelessness have soared.
“Unlike other companies trying to rush unproven technology to market, we have literally spent days working out most of the bugs,” the narrator says, as one woman tries to run away from a drone following her, and another explodes in the background.
Chris Christie of New Jersey, a Republican, and former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, a Democrat.
On Friday, officers on Staten Island twice revived residents in the throes of an overdose by administering the drug.
The official, Navi Pillay, the high commissioner for human rights, also said her own sources had corroborated ISIS claims that its fighters had massacred hundreds of Shiite soldiers in recent days.
Would this method work with hamburgers?
Of all the unlikely things to happen to the Yankees this season, this would rank near the top: Rich Hill, Esmil Rogers and Josh Outman getting seven big outs to keep a tense September game close.
The congressman from Fresno could take his cue from another ancestor, William Randolph Hearst.
Before the clock had rolled over to 1900, emperors, czars, kings, queens and barons (Haussmann and Rothschild) and their fleets of attendants were arriving in droves, along with creative hedonists like Jules Verne, Hector Berlioz and Alexandre Dumas.
So are the interior burdens borne by Scott’s characters.
And what of the famed Egyptian seductress Cleopatra?
425 Troutman Street; 718-483-8048; therookerybar.com Hops and Hocks Over 140 beers are sold at this cozy craft beer shop, which also offers beer on tap and sundry accompaniments, including a “meat cone” — a soft cardboard cone stuffed with mortadella, salami Milano, kulen, prosciutto di Parma and crostini on a recent day — and all the essentials of a cheese plate, including the cutting board.
But the Congressional Budget Office finds that the proposal would cause one million workers to lose their health insurance and would increase the deficit by $74 billion.
Or, really, right-side up.” Ms. Anderson’s Saturn Ion was among the cars equipped by G.M.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
Mr. Kobolev and other Ukrainian officials had hoped for the so-called big reverse.
Robes and slippers and standard grooming products, and a hair dryer, were provided.
He said that figure skaters “learn to live with” that bias, and that they know they might win some but also might lose some.
(Yes, it happened on the Bowery at Zoological Hall.)
But one of her four previous victories this season was against Simona Halep, now ranked No.
At a Little Italy cafe near his apartment in March, Mr. Aaron took stock of what he had gone through.
Arc Ratings hopes to alleviate those concerns by creating a different style of rating that does not focus on whether a debt offering is investment grade, but on the level of potential risk of default, said Uwe Bott, the company’s chief ratings officer and a former executive at GE Capital .
Moreover, as the country’s financial markets liberalize, Fosun will have more options as to how and where it can invest its float — the money left over from insurance premiums after claims are deducted.
This in itself is nothing new.
Let’s get together soon.” The voice asking for me was no one I knew.
Through all of this he wears, loves and preserves what started out as the beautiful coat, and would have finished as his great-grandson’s toy, except that it’s shredded, and so becomes home to a mouse family before moldering to nothing at all.
Though Symantec is still the leader in a pack of security companies, it has found itself in the difficult position of fending off a growing list of upstarts for a larger share of the security market, which is expected to increase nearly 30 percent to $87 billion by 2016, according to Gartner, the research firm.
What else do you think is important to do to instill that confidence?
“The last 17 years has been the quietest time we have ever seen,” said Lucile M. Jones, a seismologist at the United States Geological Survey.
Chris Huff, folk and rock.
Its soundtrack is an artwork in its own right, one worth savoring as you would a fine recording.
Fortunately, with the help of American donors, Nikenson is now receiving a university education that will propel him into Haiti’s elite.
“It was extremely interesting to see that Moscow has fielded him again.” Mr. Antyufeyev, 63, said that he came as a private citizen and a “professional” in establishing both ordinary and secret police forces.
In 2010, pro-Thaksin demonstrators known as the “red shirts” occupied part of Bangkok for two months.
The idea along these lines that seems to have the most promise would limit the nondeposit liabilities of financial firms to a specified percentage of U.S. gross domestic product, as calculated on a lagged, averaged basis.
Says Dallam, “One of the things that’s taken away from you in a health care environment is choice — you can’t control light, noise.
Shares of Dow jumped more than 7 percent at one point on Tuesday after Mr. Loeb called for a split of its petrochemicals and specialty chemicals businesses.
“We are in the early stages of business transformation,” Mr. Griffin said.
St. Anthony’s had been plagued by frequent blackouts, arsenic in the water and a collapsing well that resulted in sinks full of dirt.
Because power is power, and if there’s anything we know about power, it’s that it corrupts.
The meditation exercises are just some of the unconventional methods that have helped catapult the fencing team to the top ranking in the nation.
Often, I meet their pets as well.
“Because I know I have a coach that trusts me, I don’t have to worry if I don’t make it,” said Green, a 6-foot-8 swingman who turned pro out of high school in 2005.
“But we needed to find our own tone.” Mr. Annable, who draws a comic series called “Grickle,” brought his design sensibility to the characters, and the film’s initial look was conceived by the French graphic novelist Nicolas de Crécy.
Historically, putting mothers on a pedestal was a backhanded way of keeping women down.
$4 to $8; children under 10, free.
“They said, ‘We will leave everything and come back in three days,’ ” he recalled.
This week commissioners who are appointed by New Jersey’s Gov.
Ms. Penny’s characters evolve through the series, as life batters them and scars take longer to heal.
As the Russians prepared to face the United States on Saturday in a national pride rally masquerading as a preliminary-round hockey game, Ovechkin was not counting on any helpful motherly advice.
On the heels of a $1.2 billion investment in Uber last week, one of the start-ups that has taken inspiration from the car-ride company has raised a new round of capital as well.
Well, I — when I announced for re-election, I wanted it.
Now I would say I’m a more complete player.” That includes the mental side, where Kaymer has waxed philosophical about finally playing with a clear mind again.
Without using the word “permanent,” which would violate an agreement with Moscow, Mr. Obama and Mr. Cameron called for keeping a “persistent” NATO defensive presence in Eastern Europe to make clear to Russia that the alliance is serious about the defense of all of its members.
When objectionable activities are detected, access to specific sites or services is blocked or redirected.
Lab workers at different sites accidentally jabbed themselves with needles contaminated by anthrax or West Nile virus.
Today, with the Dow over 16,000 and interest rates relatively low, the top reaches of the market seem in good form, and Detroit muscle has staged a quiet, if somewhat uneven, comeback.
Lawrence Kobilinsky, chairman of the department of science at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, said if the evidence shows a close-up shooting and a struggle, it will go better for Officer Wilson.
“Take them away,” Fowler said, “and it’s a pretty good battle for a win there.
The subject sounds as tired as the Knicks looked on defense trying to defend Deron Williams and the Nets on Friday night in a never-close 110-99 defeat at Barclays Center.
And then there is the ambience of a concert venue — the immersive sounds, the aromas, the beach ball bobbing overhead — that can’t be replicated at home.
Navin Chawla, a former chief election commissioner who supervised the 2009 general elections, said that according to one estimate, if the current election were to use paper ballots, India would have needed to cut down 282,240 trees.
They came in and battled.” It was the Liberty’s sixth loss in seven games.
To the Editor: Re “ Obama to Call for Expansion of Ebola Fight ” (front page, Sept. 16): Bravo to our country’s leadership for increasing the response to the Ebola outbreak.
There is a tremendous variety of human beings within each political party.
Bogdan came into view, face down in a pocket of space under the rubble.
Not that Mr. McDonald, the longtime “ dandy of New York ” known for his dramatic eyebrow arches and accentuated mole, is hanging up his hats just yet (though he is moving to Palm Springs, Calif., in late September, according to his social-media strategist, Amanda Domurad).
More than 50 percent of China’s people live in cities, compared with about 20 percent in 1980.
Guujaaw raised a skin drum, its rhythmic beat echoing through the forest like a heart.
They cannot go back, they cannot go ahead.” After spending Wednesday at the site of the rescue operation, he said that many of those who died had nearly reached Muktinath.
Manhattan’s Chelsea neighborhood and Boerum Hill in Brooklyn have both witnessed significant surges in real estate prices in recent years, though both areas are home to vast public housing complexes.
A spirit of good-humored generosity prevails.
Dressed in a loose white button-up, green trousers and blue desert boots, this afternoon O’Connell doesn’t look like the bruiser he often plays in films.
Photos from China, Iran, Ukraine and India.
Zafer 4 was a workmanlike tower of two-toned stucco, whose apartments had L-shaped living/dining areas around ample kitchens and larger-than-usual bathrooms.
Mr. Kohn applies the first, the rule against predatory pricing, to Amazon’s below-cost pricing.
Kyron Antonio Trevino, 34, was wounded in a gang-related shooting in southeast Portland, Ore. , early Sunday.
And by the end of August, he was with the Royals, the call-up coming just as he was re-evaluating his career.
The state attorney general, Kamala D. Harris, intervened and urged the court to review the panel’s decision, which she called a threat to public safety.
He attempted only one four-revolution jump, not wanting to jeopardize the team gold, and became the most decorated Olympic skater in the modern era.
Do Schools Provide Students With Enough Opportunities to Be Creative?
While the men who felt called to the defense of their town and country were reluctant to give names, two women in coats and wool hats on a bench outside the shattered windows and torn doors of the prosecutor’s office, a still elegant if rundown Art Deco building from the days of the Hapsburg rule, felt no such reticence.
And he’s obviously been deeply connected to a highly accomplished woman in his life.” Betsy Burton, an owner of the King’s English, a bookstore in Salt Lake City, said the book “flashed through the staff,” which is heavily female.
Mr. Dunn, 61, used to line his pants pockets with the cash he earned selling drugs.
He soon learned that depositing a rat carcass on our kitchen floor for us to find when we came downstairs for breakfast was not appreciated, and after that he kept his predatory activities private—without, I suspect, giving the rats themselves any respite.
The McNealys normally do not attract a crowd of television cameramen, photographers, fans and reporters during one of their outings.
$5 to $10; members and children under 12, free.
His sister, Lisa McNairy Gordon, two years younger, died a decade ago from cancer.
Listed at 6 feet, 3 inches and 290 pounds, he has been a full-time starter on the defensive line since 2011.
The big economic returns go to people with four-year degrees.
Instead, he showed them a highlight film that spanned his six seasons with the Jets.
The phenomenon, sometimes called linguistic isolation, affects many immigrant populations to varying degrees.
“At present they are all operating normally, with no major accidents.” On the same morning the People’s Daily article was published, an explosion ripped through a PX plant in Zhangzhou, in Fujian Province, terrifying people who lived nearby but causing no injuries.
This is particularly true for women with heart disease, who die in greater numbers and at higher rates than men.
She developed a practice she called “told poetry” in which she acted as a writing partner to help people who lacked the confidence or ability to write to share their stories.
After adding four more farms, Country Fresh Milk now delivers milk, cheese and clarified butter to 1,000 customers in Gurgaon.
On the afternoon that I showed up to chat with the longtime libertarian writer and editor Nick Gillespie at the posh Washington offices of Reason, just off Dupont Circle, a dozen or so staff members were hanging out in the kitchen, drinking Green Hat gin.
The offer of $54 a share represents a premium of 25 percent over CEC’s closing stock price on Jan. 7 before Reuters reported that the company was exploring a potential sale and was working with Goldman Sachs.
“My family, on my father’s side, was a silent family,” he said.
You should acknowledge — and learn to deal with — the pecking order in the working world.
He then worked for seven years at the Naval Ordnance Laboratory in White Oaks, Md., a weapons facility.
Why did you write this book?
That’s why they have focused on handing over the fighting to Afghanistan’s military.
He’s in near-constant motion, fiddling with things (thumping a pen or moving stacks of pennies) and delivering his lines with an improvisatory gusto.
(Oddly, it was in a box with notes from the 1980s sent by friends, including the rock star Mick Jagger, the archivist said.)
JAMES B. SIKKING (Howard Hunter) Steven said: “I’m going to do a police show and I need a SWAT commander.
JENNIFER O’CONNOR Staff Writer, PETA Foundation Norfolk, Va., Nov. 4, 2014
He is too generous in his assessment of Lee’s disastrous frontal attacks at the Battle of Malvern Hill that capped the Seven Days campaign, and his equally futile assault — now famous as Pickett’s Charge — on another impregnable federal position at Gettysburg, in 1863.
Hampton was one of the first scholars to marshal evidence that the web might make people less atomized rather than more.
South Orange Performing Arts Center, 1 Sopac Way.
John Belushi can’t hide his glee in playing the Hulk as a rude and rowdy party animal (certainly my favorite incarnation ever of ol’ Greenskin), and Garrett Morris was a perfectly sheepish Ant-Man.
President Hassan Rouhani of Iran, which is allied with the government of President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, said the airstrikes were illegal because they were not conducted with the approval of Syria’s government, a point later echoed by President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, another ally of Syria’s.
“It’s as if our leaders simply don’t understand that climate change is happening in real time — that it would require strong, fast action to do anything about it,” Mr. McKibben said in a statement .
But memos of the interviews with Mr. Christie’s lawyers show that staff members understood they were to use the office in the service of politics.
“As a stand-alone device it has enormous problems because of the small screen.” Researchers have looked at a number of solutions to maximize the viewing surface and, perhaps more importantly, interact with the device without blocking the screen real-estate with fingers — a problem faced by smart watches that rely solely on touch screens.
“He was quite nervous,” Mr. Mallaeibasir recalled.
There’s little question that when “ Son of God ” goes into wide release on Feb. 28, bringing Jesus back to mainstream theaters for the first time in a decade, it will invite a certain level of scrutiny.
“At any level, even the N.F.L, with the question of bullying and abuse, the media focuses on the players and not enough on the culture,” Mr. Green said in a telephone interview.
Mr. Faracci discovered Facebook’s value in 2012, when he oversaw a campaign for Lysol Power & Free, a version of the cleaning solution with fewer harsh chemicals.
In an email to The Hill newspaper, Brad Dayspring, communications director at the National Republican Senatorial Committee, referred to Ms. Grimes as an “empty dress,” because he said she lacked specifics on policies.
You can find information about this application on the College Board’s website.
“This will be a telling year.”
The institute owns the patent on ET-Plus, which it licenses to Trinity.
But in today’s era of mass travel, the extra attention to the front of the cabin has increased disparities in the air as never before.
They had been sent from Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo) by a doctor caring for a Flemish nun who was dying of fever and loss of blood.
Her daughter, Madina, recently joined her to help manage the expanding operation.
Only then does the judge bestir himself to ask the arresting officer whether he saw any other people on the sidewalk that night.
Mr. Castro was the principal witness.
“Today, Russia firmly places China at the top of its foreign trade partners,” Mr. Putin said in an interview with Chinese journalists on the eve of his visit, according to a transcript released Monday by the Kremlin.
African sculpture was perhaps the most concentrated and definitive area of Rubinstein’s eclectic collection.
to gather phone calls and emails of noncitizens abroad, without a warrant, from operators of the domestic telecommunications network like AT&T and Verizon and from American communications providers like Google and Yahoo.
Roster changes because of injury or special family circumstances are permitted until Feb. 12, the day hockey competition begins in Sochi, and some teams will probably include rehabilitating players in the hopes that they will recover in time.
At least two people have been killed as a result of the flooding, including a 67-year-old woman whose car became submerged in Cantonment, Fla., the Florida Highway Patrol reported.
Clean Air Asia, an advocacy group, found that another common measure of pollution known as PM10, for particulate matter less than 10 micrometers in diameter, averaged 117 in Beijing in a six-month period in 2011.
“It just fits right in,” Joseph R. Borst, a building commission member, declared.
Warren Harding convened his “poker cabinet” twice a week over cigars and bootlegged whisky, in defiance of Prohibition, sparking rumors that he once gambled away some of the White House china.
Standing before his living-room mirror one morning in August 2001, Vishavjit Singh put his fumbling fingers to the task of wrapping on his turban for the first time in a decade.
Despite some rough edges, “A View of the Mountains” is an easy enough play to like.
That could be a sticking point for the league, which has made clear that it wants to eject both Sterlings from the N.B.A.
The tourists and businesses that residents hoped would materialize after the rebuilding have not appeared.
[ New York Times ] • Gay Men’s Health Crisis, the AIDS advocacy group, hired a new leader.
Dignitaries and art-world celebrities gathered over the weekend for openings of exhibitions including “Francis Bacon and the Art of the Past” and the new permanent exhibition in the restored General Staff Building, now home to the Hermitage’s Modernist and contemporary art, including Matisse’s “The Dance.” Last week, a show of 74 works of contemporary American applied arts also opened.
2) and Dvorak’s “American” String Quartet in F (Op.
SOUTHAMPTON, England — Not long after moving to the University of Southampton, Constantine Sedikides had lunch with a colleague in the psychology department and described some unusual symptoms he’d been feeling.
The main challenge for Mr. Renzi’s broad coalition is the ailing economy, just beginning to show signs of rebounding after several years of stagnation.
The complex, around 40 miles, or 65 kilometers, to the east of the capital, would eventually have replaced Heathrow as London’s main airport.
It was a family event: Young couples were there with their toddlers.
Why is Israel’s call for complete dismantlement not the way to go?
They hope to test stored blood samples from people who had similar illnesses in the past that could not be identified.
What gives you the right to be so judgmental?
His signature survived in the drifty featherweight doughboy trench coats at Martin Margiela worn over trousers with one leg left at ankle length and the other cropped to the knee, in the American hip-hop style.
Questions and answers on the scale of the outbreak and the science of the Ebola virus.
Born in Panama to parents of Caribbean descent, Mr. Findlayter attended a Salvation Army church from an early age, according to his online biography.
I just sit quietly, turn my phone off, and I let the day wash over me.
It struck down Section 4, which rendered Section 5 inoperable.
JULY 18 AFTERMATH After the big nuclear war, nine strangers are hiding together in a farmhouse cellar.
Tempia and Nelson control them via remote, and the results are uncanny.
I talked with my wife about it, but I like working.
Volunteers are urged to be sure their life insurance policies are paid up.
The system, located midship, looks like a bit of a science lab encased in a giant igloo.
There is the danger of players becoming pawns in their own game, moved around by the whims of men they may hardly know.
We have a lack of direction.
In their nearly 40 years of intimate but tendentious correspondence, Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were jockeying for posterity; in dueling memoirs a century and a half later, so were Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger.
Still, Joe Girardi, Roberts’s new manager, appreciates that Roberts sees himself as a comparable player, or at least one who strives to fill the void left by Cano.
At a news conference in Tokyo, Yoichiro Nomura, the company’s chief financial officer, apologized to customers affected by the recalls.
In his two rounds, Woods carded 12 bogeys, seven birdies and the double bogey, which came at No.
Their matching engine, they already knew, would be located in Weehawken (where they’d been offered cheap space in a data center).
The fact that the United States Federal Trade Commission has not found grounds for legal action against Google doesn’t mean that there aren’t any grounds in the European Union: Europeans and Americans have different approaches to monopoly power.
She canceled after a small knot of protesters pressured the university.
“It means we are fine for December but we are not fine for the months going forward,” she said, and without more support would “lurch from month to month.” In addition to funding, the United Nations and aid agencies will on Tuesday try to persuade countries at a ministerial-level conference convened by the United Nations refugee agency in Geneva to increase the number of Syrians accepted for resettlement.
The cause was complications of kidney disease, said David Bellard, a family spokesman.
He triumphs over adversity, thanks to his wits and a lot of help from theatergoers, who are asked to shout lines and even sing.
But some analysts suggested that Mr. Spohr might do well to reconsider Lufthansa’s position after he takes charge in May.
The elements of our society captured in the book are as relevant today as they were — the cars, the rituals, the places we gather.
She offered advice about planting a shady corner by a brick wall.
“And one day it will.” There is at least one more West Memphis Three-related project to come.
By contrast, the average cost to educate a student in a private school is around $65,000, the official said.
There are also worries about what will happen if natural gas prices fall significantly, and whether Bolivia is simply in the midst of the typical boom-and-bust cycle that often bedevils poor countries.
What this rote ghost story lacks in wit and originality, it makes up in volume.
Nebraska froze resident tuition while greatly expanding need-based financial aid.
“This deal would be the cable guy on steroids — pumped up, unstoppable and grasping for your wallet.”
“And right then, we knew what he meant.” Calipari’s young charges caught their collective breath and emerged from the timeout with a renewed focus.
Still, he said his budget refuted those who questioned whether liberal could be fiscally responsible: All three major ratings agencies have recently reaffirmed the city’s AA rating, he boasted, and this was “one of the earliest budget agreements in recent history.” Ms. Mark-Viverito struck a similar tone, saying that the budget reflected the values of a city that “takes care of our own, seeks to lift people up, and strives to give more opportunities.” There was a healthy dose of overstatement at work, as when Mr. de Blasio called the move to civilianize 200 police jobs “historic,” adding, “Something, again, that’s been talked about, talked about, talked about for years and years and years is finally happening.” In fact, the city has done regular rounds of civilianization over the last 25 years.
There is only one store that sells tubes of acrylic paint, for about $10 each, nearly twice what they cost before 2007, when Israel imposed tight restrictions on imports after Hamas, the Islamist faction it deems a terrorist group, seized control of Gaza.
A concern of human rights activists, including Mr. Marzouki, is that Mr. Essebsi has said that he intends to revise a transitional justice law under which a commission was set up to investigate and prosecute tens of thousands of crimes of torture and inhumanity by successive governments since 1955.
Immaculately coifed senior women do the same, their faces freshly powdered and lipsticked, their flowered shirts neatly pressed.
Militant threats to bomb foreign airlines and business interests could further damage an economy that has already been crippled by years of violent upheaval.
The debate on when the Fed should begin increasing rates, which have been near zero since 2008, has intensified in recent months as the Fed winds down its other economic stimulus.
Manager Terry Collins praised Niese’s development, how he had become craftier now, more of a pitcher than a thrower.
Friday and Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Sunday at 3 p.m., Fishman Space, Fisher Building, 321 Ashland Place, near Lafayette Avenue, Fort Greene, 718-636-4100, bam.org; $20.
Wright took it upon himself to try to instill confidence in Herrera, the youngest player in the majors.
Tolstoy’s “The Death of Ivan Ilyich.” It’s the best portrayal of sickness and suffering I have ever read — minutely observed, difficult and still true a century and a quarter later.
Currently, the company has about 20 such investigators, he said.
I’d love Darrelle to come back.” Johnson later recanted his comments, saying in a statement issued by the team that he called the Patriots’ owner, Robert K. Kraft, to apologize and that “I would never interfere in the contractual relationship of a player with another team and should not have used those words.”
“The good news is they stayed within the corridor, and eminent domain is off the table,” Mr. Sullivan said.
“Those who work with Ukrainian banks in hryvnias,” the national currency, “they pay up to 20 percent or more.
He was shot dead after a 30-hour standoff with police.
We lost every game while I was there, and it was painful.” While Todai is unlikely to bend its admission standards, it has tried to improve the team.
“He’s not the type to back off from anything.” In fact, if the young pitcher had a major weakness, it was exactly that: He challenged every hitter, no matter how strong the bat, no matter how precarious the situation.
People were more likely to recall the name than the date.
The assembly is far from the final word, and has served only to open debate among prelates and in the wider church, as Francis said he had intended.
And there was nothing ambiguous about the agenda.
The safety agency disagrees and has asked that the rear-facing seats be recalled.
He fits the lyrics to music written by Aaron and Bryce Dessner, twins who play rhythm and lead guitar interchangeably.
The commission has two longstanding Republican members, but this month, a Democrat, Jeff Baran, a longtime staff member at the House of Representatives, was sworn in.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, has repeatedly attacked the Kochs on the Senate floor, calling them “un-American,” and this month the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee began a digital campaign called “The G.O.P.
They were afraid their funding would be affected.
It needed a lot of love and attention.” That snowy afternoon, it looked as if Anne and Edward had just stood up, midmeal perhaps, and walked away.
You were calling people’s parents, people who weren’t out yet, and having to say, ‘Your son is gay, and your son is dead.’ ” Ms. Allen asked Mr. McNally, “Are your parents proud of you?” Only, he said wryly, “if I won a Tony.
Comedy Central will need a host for its 11:31 p.m. show.
And King revealed Friday, before the Nets’ 114-98 victory over the Boston Celtics at Barclays Center, that Lopez’s overall condition was slightly worse than was publicly known.
But I’m not going to talk about the political thing.
ALFRED MOLINA , actor, “Spider-Man 2” and the forthcoming “Matador” on El Rey When I was growing up in London, the Hollywood Bowl sounded amazingly exotic — this huge open-air concert hall in the middle of the Hollywood Hills.
“Who wants to be vulnerable, really?” she asks during a monologue about, of all things, trilobites .
The Bureau writes and enforces rules for financial institutions as well as collecting and tracking consumer complaints.
“But where you would expect to see the virus would have been in the northwest, and not down in Baghdad.” At the same time, he said, the confirmed case reflected the ability of the polio virus to find vulnerable victims, touching a child who had been part of “a pocket of under-immunized children in the community.” Ms. Touma said the inoculation effort in Syria had made progress but was still failing to regularly reach an estimated 323,000 Syrian children at the highest risk of contracting polio, in areas of fighting or restricted access.
Democrats would probably win Colorado, North Carolina, Iowa and Georgia — along with control of the Senate — if the electorate were as young, diverse and Democratic as it was in 2012 or is likely to be in 2016.
“F1 has some problems, but it is not the end of civilization as we know it,” Joe Saward, a longtime Formula One pundit, wrote on his blog this week.
More convenient still, the hotel provides both a free on-demand S.U.V.
That would keep them on pace with the 1962 Oakland team, which was 0-13 before winning its final game.
Two of the women told The Toronto Star that before being assaulted by Mr. Ghomeshi at his home, he turned a blue stuffed animal named Big Ears Teddy to face a wall and said that it “shouldn’t see this.” Their allegations quickly set off a wider debate in Canada, particularly on social media, about the unwillingness of many women to report sexual assaults to the police.
There was a body on the beach.
The Bears rallied from a 17-point deficit to win at San Francisco.
Don’t give me your hand.
When it comes to Catalonia, Mr. Rajoy has argued that the vote is unconstitutional.
And if you believe that to deny a class of people the right to marry is to deem them less worthy, it’s indeed difficult to chalk up opposition to marriage equality as just another difference of opinion.
“Thank God,” her husband replied, smiling.
But this year, only 5 percent of seats at those eight schools were offered to black students and 7 percent to Latinos, in a city where the public schools are 70 percent black and Latino.
Since set-top boxes give consumers an incentive to cut the cable cord, Fire TV also puts Amazon in the sights of Comcast, the country’s dominant cable system.
Now the festival has a reputation for scouting bands early — the future dance-punk stars LCD Soundsystem performed on the strength of a few singles — and cajoling reunion gigs out of seminal retirees like Pulp, Slowdive and the Pixies.
‘I Only Read It for the Cartoons: An Evening With (a Few of) The New Yorker’s Most Brilliant Artists’ (Thursday) The New Yorker cartoonists Edward Koren, Lee Lorenz and Victoria Roberts participate in a panel discussion moderated by a 2014 Whitney Biennial artist, Keith Mayerson, and Richard Gehr, author of “I Only Read It for the Cartoons: The New Yorker’s Most Brilliantly Twisted Artists.” They might even shed some light on how to win the next cartoon caption contest.
This happens all the time, she replied.
As we passed yet another abandoned factory and denuded hillside — the trees had been burned for firewood in the winter — I turned to one of my traveling companions, Colin Nickerson of The Boston Globe, and confidently predicted that the country would collapse in three years.
“It really does look like there is still a lot of slack in the labor market,” Mr. Katz said.
That’s what Abigail Taylor-Sansom and her husband, Rockford Sansom, are attempting in the Off Broadway Family Theater’s first production, le Clanché du Rand’s adaptation of C. S. Lewis’s classic novel.
“If the cease-fire hadn’t been announced, I would not have come,” Dr. Gurian said.
“You can’t say, ‘Well, I can work well if they elect this party,’ ” he told reporters last month.
When they got into the control room in the press box, they found the circuit diagrams for the scoreboard — an invitation for an electrical engineer with mischief on his mind.
Dec. 7 at 8 p.m. $20.
For a lot of us, it’s been a thrilling, maddening, disorienting 65-plus years.
Mr. David and Robert Hammond founded the Friends in 1999, persuading the city to see the hulking steel dinosaur of New York’s industrial past as a powerful symbol that could be transformed into a new kind of park, deep in the city, yet hovering above it.
//t.co/im0C7HD5nO — DavidKenner (@DavidKenner) 1 Jan 14 The Onion is shutting down their website citing unbeatable competition from the Egyptian government — Mohamed Abdelfattah (@mfatta7) 1 Jan 14 How many more times will Egypt jump the Mossad-trained shark?
Or, in neighborhoods like the Lower East Side or East Harlem, they were also pushed out by rising rents in gentrifying neighborhoods.
But the “timeline was too short,” Ms. Usman said — there are no flights, and Chibok is several days’ journey by road.
Pick : Ravens Ranking This Week’s N.F.L.
If BirdReturns proves itself, it could be an inexpensive model for adjusting agricultural landscapes to mesh with the needs of wildlife.
“I call them the Happy Couple,” he said.
Ziggy becomes a pariah, and Jane becomes a victim.
But this week, the front-burner dispute between Germany and most of the rest of the European Union involves the system for winding down weak banks.
But several million people evidently failed to do so, and their coverage will be renewed in the same or similar health plans.
Roughly a quarter of employees who signed up through the private exchanges ended up with less coverage than they had under employer plans, Mr. Birhanzel said.
Israel in turn said that it did not target United Nations premises, and accused Palestinian militants of using United Nations buildings to stash weapons.
“I thought it would be far more civilized.” Out of similar pragmatism, he chose an older crew.
There is an I-don’t-have-the-land-and-resources-to-produce-my-own-food, nor-can-I-afford-to-buy-food problem.
“I would like to apologize to Emma’s family for any impact that the condition of our lights have had on this tragic accident,” said a signal engineer, Phil Graham, according to the BBC.
A fourth Al Jazeera journalist, Abdullah Elshamy, who worked for its main Arabic-language channel, has been held without charges since last August.
Nearly every Syrian family seems to include someone who has been killed, wounded, kidnapped or detained.
And earlier Pew studies have found that people often seek others on social media with like-minded views.
Even former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens, who wrote the 2008 opinion, now accepts that view as “ dead right .” For those still unsure of voter ID’s true nature, Judge Adelman has paved the path.
“It’s just a wonderful attitude.” Diversity in the bench and the bar has long been a widely held goal; in New York, for example, Senator Charles E. Schumer, whose office recommends judicial appointments to the White House, has regularly focused on adding women and minorities, including gay men and lesbians, to the federal bench.
Wednesdays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 3 p.m.; and by appointment.
Why didn’t I have an opportunity to respond?” wrote Xu Xin, a law professor at the Beijing Institute of Technology whose WeChat account was shuttered.
That’s a good description of the tempered ambition of many American urban projects opening in the coming months: They aren’t disruptive but (their supporters hope) transformative, and their shapes, even their sparkle, come from understanding past civic hopes and redesigning them to meet the future.
Pause for a moment to consider how rare this is.
Most of his younger siblings eventually became dentists, accountants or shopkeepers and left Brooklyn.
Burkina Faso will initially get 250,000 doses; the Pfizer spokesman would not say how much the company is charging.The country’s health ministry hopes to have contraception available to 25 percent of married women by next year.
The prints, the designer Italo Zucchelli’s salute to summer, were inspired by Fire Island, California and the work of James Turrell (and akin to the artwork on Drake’s “Nothing Was the Same” album).
//t.co/UocdcK5zD2 — Мария Алехина (@MashaAlekhina) 24 Feb 14 That word also echoes in video of the afternoon protest posted online by the independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta.
It also produces a single malt specifically for the British retailer Marks & Spencer, described in tasting notes as “fresh and fragrant, sweet, soft and slightly spicy.” Building on its English branding, it has released special products like a limited edition of 1,850 bottles in observance of the 60th anniversary in 2013 of Queen Elizabeth’s coronation.
“Only a true insider could have written this book,” said Judge Kim Wardlaw, a Ninth Circuit judge based in Pasadena, Calif., where the story is set.
“It’s important for people to remember that we are in flu season,” she said.
That night, he asked her to dance.
Nor can it ignore Sri Lanka’s ever-growing ties with China.
The British police said on Tuesday that they had arrested Moazzam Begg, a former detainee at the American prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, along with three other people on suspicion of terrorism offenses related to the war in Syria, where, intelligence officials say, hundreds of British militants have been drawn to the fight against President Bashar al-Assad.
After experiencing a century of fairly steady growth, makers of razors and other shaving equipment have seen revenues level off or fall in the last few years.
“When he told me the story of that book, it inspired me and drew me toward the stories contained in books,” said Mr. Latif.
“Morgan is very important to our system,” Cotter said at Clermont’s midweek press conference.
That’s because the Sierra Denali is also a luxury car, with heated and cooled leather seats, 20-inch forged aluminum wheels and a $64,575 price.
It was already known that Mr. Hekmati had begun a hunger strike and had sent a letter via his family to Mr. Obama , which was released on Tuesday by relatives in the United States.
Mr. Stone was placed under the auspices of a local Veterans Treatment Court, put under house arrest for 90 days and prohibited from possessing firearms.
The newly merged company’s stock opened at $9 and rose quickly to $9.55 before falling much of the day to close at $8.92.
“Attorneys should know enough to read the Q.D.R.O.
The group had argued that treating transgender people as legal nonentities, unable to apply for official identification documents, meant that they were deprived of basic human rights.
Both of those front-line stars are on record as saying they would prefer to remain with their current teams, Memphis and Portland, but here is what Jackson is thinking: Anthony responds well to Fisher and the triangle offense; a culture of stability from the front office on down quickly takes root; the Knicks overachieve in a conference Jackson sees as “flattening out, dispersing the talent a little bit” after LeBron James’s move from Miami back to Cleveland.
The ammunition was captured last summer by Kurdish fighters or collected by the organization’s investigators at recently abandoned Islamic State fighting positions.
With so much strain on players, it seems incredible that the top pros might recklessly disregard the safety of opponents.
The site continued to operate, so D.P.R.
One day he answered the phone and it was Mr. Buffett’s wife, Susan, calling.
They have taken the most grave and solemn of civic moments — a funeral of a fallen colleague — and hijacked it for their own petty look-at-us gesture.
Until Tuesday, Bitcoin users have been forced to speculate about the proper tax treatment of actions such as mining Bitcoins, performing services in exchange for Bitcoins, or buying and selling items denominated in Bitcoins.
It was clearly intended to intimidate anyone who dares to challenge the military or shows sympathy for the Brotherhood and Mr. Morsi, who was elected president in 2012 in a democratic election and then ousted in a military coup last summer.
You might think that sickness and health would transcend the differences that put people from disparate countries at odds.
Now, though he still has millions of dollars to raise, Noble is confident that his team of 60 designers, engineers and support staff members working in a chilly commercial warehouse at Avonmouth, just south of Bristol, will meet the 2016 deadline.
He is also someone who has been affected by some of the same problems — substance dependency and suicide — that have troubled native communities across the continent.
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. New Britain Museum of American Art, 56 Lexington Street.
TIAA-CREF is buying Nuveen from the private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners, which bought Nuveen seven years ago, during the height of the credit boom, for nearly $5.8 billion.
David Plouffe , former White House adviser, and John E. Sununu , former Republican senator of New Hampshire, will discuss Karl Rove’s comments about Hillary Rodham Clinton’s health.
Michelin says the tire, the Premier A/S, reduces stopping distances in wet conditions and, when worn, better resists hydroplaning — skating on a thin cushion of water — compared with a conventional tire.
Full bar and wine list.
“It’s a positive move for him, and it’s also a positive move for the aquarium because it allows us to work on the life support system in ‘Sea Cliffs’ ” — the New York Aquarium’s marine mammal exhibit, said Jon Forrest Dohlin, vice president and director of the aquarium.
So she came eventually to England with a suitcase full of the colored leather that she had been using to make things.” War was starting and while people had no money to buy couture clothing, Ms. James said, they could afford a handbag or gloves.
Practice for his bantam league team was a 45-minute drive away.
After building a reputation for her eclectic manner of dress while working at a vintage clothing store in Kensington Market, she was approached by Sook-Yin Lee, a former MuchMusic V.J., to participate in an art show about outsider culture.
They are convinced that a major expansion of employee ownership is the most effective tool available to remediate inequality.
Soon enough, the prisoners emerged through the gate, pumping their fists in the air to chants of “heroes!
After discussions with investors and his advisory board, he reduced Pershing’s exposure by 60 percent.
Bazelon’s goal, in the piece, is to defend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which yesterday’s liberals broadly supported because of the protections it afforded to religious minorities (Native Americans using peyote in religious ceremonies, for instance), while arguing that the RFRA doesn’t apply to (for instance) an evangelical wedding photographer who wants to decline to shoot a same-sex wedding, or a religiously-motivated hospital or corporation that wants an exemption from the Obama White House’s contraception-sterilization-abortifacient mandate.
He left after throwing 104 pitches, with the game still scoreless.
A banner atop each object issued an invitation: “Design It Better.” Working on a down coat, I tried to satisfy the demands of 3-year-old Olivia, one of several clients who can be summoned by touching the screen.
The proliferation of cases has alarmed many scholars and defense lawyers, who say that independent of a defendant’s guilt or innocence, the lyrics are being unfairly used to prejudice judges and juries who have little understanding that, for all its glorification of violence, gangsta rappers are often people who have assumed over-the-top and fictional personas.
The extension includes a $10 million signing bonus and $40 million in guaranteed money.
The playoff pits the year’s race winners and highest points gatherers in a 10-race elimination format.
200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, 718-638-5000, brooklynmuseum.org.
The 2013 Warhawks went 15-0 and routed Mount Union in the title game, 52-14.
No need to check scale or the like.
Summer throws the unlicensed to the mercy of friends and strangers, necessitates byzantine strategic planning and may compel memorization of entire Jitney schedules.
He turned his vehicle and all of them began to run, the police said.
She declined to provide their current conditions, citing privacy laws.
Mozilla has troubleshooting steps for Firefox users at http://mzl.la/L2oGPJ , while Microsoft offers its own Safety Scanner for Windows systems at bit.ly/1dLgnFx .
Who doesn’t understand that “We must get together sometime” is code for “Never”?
Doing so would have the same climate benefit as taking three million cars off the road, the company said.
The Los Angeles Dodgers were impressed enough to hire Zaidi and form one of the more intriguing front offices in baseball.
Mr. Gaudez, the spokesman for the contractor, said the training of Russian soldiers concluded last month.
A division of the Commerce Department is organizing a meeting of industry representatives and consumer advocates on Tuesday to start hammering out a voluntary code of conduct for the technology’s commercial use.
The Spanish health authorities said Thursday that the condition of an auxiliary nurse infected by Ebola had worsened, three days after she became the first person to test positive for the disease in Europe.
(Banker compensation is important to the British government, which gets 60 cents of every bonus dollar in the form of taxes and national insurance, according to Mr.
Usually Tony Cenicola is there, too, to shoot moody, impressionistic photos.
What kinds of savings do you have?
“The rescue team recovered 23 more dead bodies today,” Gopal Prasad Parajuli, chief of the local district, said in an interview Monday evening.
But the dam was finished in 2010, and the programs’ goals remain unmet.
“That opens up a real opportunity for him,” Ms. Davis said of the mayor after he introduced her last week at a rally in a park framed by freeways.
Sept. 27 through Dec. 13.
They have until Sept. 2 to file a form seeking compensation for past air-bag deployments.
The inspectors general for the Justice Department, the Homeland Security Department and the Central Intelligence Agency also contributed to it.
Turtles of all sizes can carry the bacteria, but hatchlings are much more likely to be purchased.
Well, I haven’t gotten a chance to ride the subway yet.
ROYALS 6, RANGERS 3 Jeremy Guthrie gave up a home run on his first pitch and not much else, pitching visiting Kansas City past Texas for its 24th win in 30 games.
The federal Education Department says there are about 750 public schools around the country with at least one single-sex class and 850 entirely single-sex public schools.
Originally meant to evoke a cold shiver of mortality, the movie’s title came to signify a nostalgic baby boomer reunion for a generational game of Trivial Pursuit.
“It is strictly Long Island weather, like England, raining every day,” he said.
On the other hand, the little item did look darn chewy and there was the matter of my footwear, suede Mephistos, which had not been cheap.
Then came a student from New York University, who happened to be studying drama in the same program attended by Robert L. Freedman, who wrote the book for “A Gentleman’s Guide.” “Wonderful, wonderful,” said Mr. Mays, who looked positively old-fashioned in a gray fedora and a three-piece pinstripe suit.
There’s no mystery about the basic controls: knobs and buttons.
■ David Goffin ended Belgium’s six-year title drought on the ATP Tour by earning his first career victory at the Kitzbühel Cup on Saturday in Austria.
has alerted doctors to the problem and has urged them to prescribe antiviral drugs like Tamiflu to vulnerable patients with flu symptoms without waiting for a positive flu test.
As that debate continues, Israeli journalists like Mr. Sheizaf say that the country’s security officials should be challenged more when they seek legal permission to stifle the media.
The protests started here in early February before sweeping the nation.
They offered us new insights.
But health reform’s efforts to create meaningful competition among insurers are working better than almost anyone (myself included) expected.
He has incredible muscle memory.
“I wanted it to be like an aquarium, why I chose the delicate patterned pale blues and green stained glass,” Mr. Thun said.
In the best stands, the eye is led from one thing to another.
Kingsdale and its counterparts in the United States — including D.F.
“It was like a rapid-fire online dating questionnaire, except this was live.” After exchanging shy stares, Ms. Scott and Mr. Frank took turns answering the question.
There will be a special tapas menu, featuring Ecuadorean specialties: skirt steak, chucos (shish kebabs) with fries and tripa mishqui (grilled and marinated tripe).
For now, nothing changes for our Muve customers.
In case you don’t get the reference, the computer at the front desk is inside a faux birdhouse: This is Twitter, whose symbol is an emerging bird, and whose chief executive was once an improv comic.
Peru is already resisting enforcement mechanisms to rein in illegal logging.
Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner California Chrome will try turf racing for the first time in the Grade 1 Hollywood Derby on Saturday at Del Mar.
“It is important for theaters to become more efficient at what they do without lowering quality,” she said.
Just over 14,000 people recorded Sanskrit as their mother tongue in the 2001 census, though the number more than tripled in 2011, to almost 50,000.
And they will be the first to land on Mars.
It will be a meeting across two lifetimes devoted to playing the game.
Morton’s filing suggested that he would reject the settlement and continue pursuing a separate case against the league.
At this point the parade is as insanely antediluvian as Arizona lawmakers who passed a bill allowing businesses to discriminate against gay customers on “religious” grounds.
“They’re battle tested,” Rangers Coach Alain Vigneault said.
This particular dough recipe is on the sturdy side, fortified with whole-wheat flour and rich with butter.
Ms. Sheedy was there, as usual, as a volunteer teacher.
Even somebody like Herman Kahn [a Cold War theorist who studied the survivability of thermonuclear war] said, “If you can’t think of anything else to do, raise the defense budget.” [1] Donald Rumsfeld, Known and Unknown: A Memoir , Penguin, 2011, p. 334.
Yang Shichao, deputy director of the Guangdong Provincial Academy of Building Research, said the ministry is seeking to establish general standards.
Neureuther’s success this weekend was made even more remarkable by the fact that last June he underwent surgery to remove a cyst from his left ankle.
meetings at shuttered girls schools, with everyone voicing feelings and opinions.
Anne Horton, who headed that department, cited Wagstaff’s acquisitions in Europe as incentive for its regular photography auctions in New York.
In court filings, the prosecutors accused the Mubaraks of fraudulently billing the government for personal expenses — including utility bills, interior design, landscaping, home furnishings, refrigerators, other electrical appliances and even kitchen supplies — for a variety of private homes as well as a public palace that was fraudulently transferred to their ownership.
Sunday, July 27 For the last two hours we’ve heard nothing but sonic booms and the sound of rockets and mortars.
“There’s not always a why.
A few days later, Bowen killed her.
Some analysts, however, have been lukewarm about Freestyle.
I especially like the answers BALL PIT and PRE-CALC, which younger solvers should appreciate!
“I could not believe it,” Valiente said through the team’s bench coach, Tony Pena, who served as an interpreter for an interview last week.
In other words, when it comes to predicting nations’ fates over the long haul, we know a lot less than we like to admit.
In a way, Ms. Upton’s casting is part of the joke of the movie — that smarmy men will always smarm their way toward younger and more beautiful women.
Ironically, the Export-Import Bank could itself be considered “in danger,” as some members of Congress seek to abolish the agency; they consider its subsidies to be corporate welfare.
Baldwin, in a Chevrolet, were well down in the order after early troubles set them back.
“That’s why we had to come and occupy the legislature, because it’s stopped representing the people,” he said.
There was always cheating among members, but there was usually enough discipline in the ranks to keep prices more or less where OPEC wanted them.
For example, it counts door A to door B and door B to door A.
As it happens, the latter was brought up by the author herself, who got a fair amount of prepublication mileage from joking about an alternative title that had been suggested by a Washington Post reader: “ The Scrunchie Chronicles : 112 Countries and It’s Still All About My Hair.” The subtext being, of course, the shared joke about how absurd it is for anyone to be talking about her hair instead of serious stuff, like, say, Benghazi, and how they wouldn’t do it if she were a man, and yada yada yada.
(Chinen) Jimmy Greene Quartet (Friday and Saturday) Jimmy Greene, an authoritative tenor saxophonist loosely in the Coltrane lineage, suffered an unspeakable tragedy when his 6-year-old daughter, Ana, was among the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.
In the future, it may well be a squat suburban office building in Lenexa, Kan., outside Kansas City, where BATS Global Markets is based.
As digital media has made it easier for observers in all parts of the world to broadcast their thoughts to a global audience in recent years, there has been a lot of discussion in journalistic circles about what distinguishes a source from a collaborator.
It’s the Bot’s belief — to the extent that bots can have beliefs — that most N.F.L.
“The Littlest Prisoner” is her new album, produced by Tucker Martine and featuring the same prominent band mates found here: Mr. Frisell, on guitar, and Mr. Blade, on drums.
You saw some of the best of human behavior and then you saw what was some of the very worst.
I thought there were such people – those who are either genetic or congenital homosexuals.
Ask anyone in the television news business why the industry has done so little on the subject, and the answer you will probably hear is, “What are the pictures?” In “Years of Living Dangerously,” Joel Bach, David Gelber and their colleagues have provided the answer.
Some experts argue that parents lack consistent guidance on how to interest infants in unfamiliar, often bitter vegetables.
Here’s SF in SF from (you guessed it) San Francisco: “Sheesh, that’s absurd.
The resentencing hearing came to be only after the judge, John Gleeson, persuaded Loretta E. Lynch, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York, to vacate two of the three convictions against Francois Holloway, who had been prosecuted on carjacking and other charges.
Rather than trying to decide whether an athlete is “really” female, as decades of mandatory sex tests did, the current policy targets women whose bodies produce more testosterone than is typical.
For sheer quantity and diversity of summer dance, the Pillow, in its 82nd year, remains unparalleled.
On Nov. 13, the Tallahassee police, responding to a public-records request from The Tampa Bay Times, released documents on the sexual assault case, setting off a frenzied scramble in the news media and prosecutor’s office to learn what had happened.
Here are excerpts from the conversation, in which Mr. Virzi shifted between English and Italian: You’ve taken this very American novel, set in the Connecticut suburbs, and made it Italian.
“You’re under arrest!” he heard someone call, according to the 2000 book “Messages From Frank’s Landing: A Story of Salmon, Treaties, and the Indian Way,” by Charles Wilkinson.
Always read the label carefully when buying fish sauce.
(Czajkowski) In Good Spirits With Matteo Lane (Wednesday) One of the brightest young comics in New York, Mr. Lane welcomes three other comedians for a stand-up show and a sit-down of “gossip, drinking and laughs.” At 7:30 p.m., Carolines, 1626 Broadway, at 49th Street, Manhattan, 212-757-4100, carolines.com; $20, with a two-drink minimum.
While “the main task of the court is to confer legitimacy on the fundamental policies of the successful coalition,” he wrote, “there are times when the coalition is unstable with respect to certain key policies.” At such times, “at very great risk to its legitimacy powers, the court can intervene in such cases and may even succeed in establishing policy.” His implication was that such success comes at a price.
Efforts to stem the rise of the Islamic State.
of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, at Kendall College of Art and Design “No one is perfect in life.
This means that these partnerships pay a corporate level tax, and owners are also taxed at the individual level on any corporate distributions.
One person was wounded in a shooting near a school in Belle Glade, Fla. , Thursday morning.
Adrian Beltre had his fifth straight multihit game.
Conversely, Idzik should know — assuming the owner Woody Johnson allows him to continue at the helm after an uninspiring two-season run — Smith cannot be the starting quarterback going into next summer.
It will most likely take months for the court to make its own judgment about whether a Michigan constitutional amendment that says marriage only is between a man and a woman violates the United States Constitution.
Desserts are made elsewhere and got mixed notices.
Lez Zeppelin, a Led Zeppelin tribute.
Bit by bit, that fear will collect into a wall, into which only the most mainstream and predictable opinions can gain entry.
To the Editor: Re “ In First, Americans Are Nominated for Booker Prize ” (Arts pages, July 24): As long as the Pulitzer Prize generally remains open only to Americans, people who object to the new eligibility of Americans for the Man Booker Prize, formerly given only to authors from Britain, Ireland and the Commonwealth, aren’t “purists.” They’re just pointing out the inherent unfairness of the new arrangements.
A string of senior executives at three credit card companies in South Korea offered to resign on Monday after a huge theft of client data that may have affected 20 million people in this nation of 50 million.
He stood about 5 feet 7 inches and weighed 145 pounds then, and he figured he could stick around by outworking and outhustling everyone else.
The fate of the ballot measure is uncertain now, officials said, given that the law it aimed to change has since been replaced.
As a prosecutor that was important to me,” said Ms. Fairstein , 66, who before becoming an author of best-selling thrillers — her new novel, “Terminal City,” is due out in June — was head of the sex crimes unit in the office of the Manhattan district attorney.
“Do you like Denis Johnson?” the woman beside me asked.
The president, officials say, has to devise policies that allow enforcement agents to go after convicted criminals and others who pose serious threats to public safety and national security.
The economy is declining along with the coal industry, towns are hollowed out as people flee, and communities are scarred by family dissolution, prescription drug abuse and a high rate of imprisonment.
“In a world of rising demand, rest should no longer be demonized but celebrated for its intimate connection to sustainable high performance,” he wrote in The Times last November.
Such sentiments can be found among both traditionally center-right and center-left voters.
The most ruthless soccer players often use their hands or elbows or knees to rough up opposing players.
And then Tony Avella has his personal maverick story.” In February, Mr. Avella joined a five-member group of breakaway Democrats that has shared control of the Senate with Republicans.
Because the kicking position is often something of a revolving door, the Giants coaches did not delay in offering McManus a contract, albeit one that becomes largely worthless if he does not make the team.
Last year, gains hit 14.3 percent, investors say, helped by winning bets on Japan’s stock market and against its currency.
The jihadists grabbed tourists from Germany who were traveling on motorcycles, but did not know how to operate the bikes.
The pasture where his cattle graze, about 45 miles north of the city of Chihuahua, turned bare.
But it’s the new kind of wink-wink peer-to-peer platform where you’re basically a nonemployee-employee, and you had better follow the company rules.
9 and 11 (a breast-implant disaster) are from “Botched.” No.
The oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron were among the biggest losers in the Dow.
Even as President Obama and his top civilian and military aides express growing confidence that Iraqi troops backed by allied airstrikes have blunted the Islamic State’s momentum on the ground in Iraq and undermined its base of support in Syria, other officials acknowledge they have barely made a dent in the larger, longer-term campaign to kill the ideology that animates the terrorist movement.
Jimmy Fallon, 39, replaced the 63-year-old Mr. Leno, and last year Jimmy Kimmel, 46, moved his ABC show from midnight to 11:35.
In that sense, writing blog posts on Blogger (purchased by Google in 2003) was a form of development for Google.
Ms. Pierson made clear she planned to treat the comments as an endorsement.
There’s little reason and less sense, but the piece is conceived and performed with wit and flair.
Mr. Hynes’s office paid Mr. Matz from funds seized from criminals, but the report concluded that Mr. Matz was acting as a campaign adviser to Mr. Hynes during those months and not on behalf of the office.
With a microphone in one hand, and the other above his head with a raised fist, he haltingly shouted that the Delhi police had declined to suspend the officers in question, but would send them on indefinite leave.
( Ten states allow officeholders to take gifts of unlimited value.)
He is a son of Evelyn R. DeCharbeneau of Fall River, Mass., and Robert R. Gadoury of Westport, Mass.
The state Democratic Party defended the ad and was still running it on Wednesday.
But at Kirkwood High School, John Kelly, a KSDK employee, walked in and wandered the corridors for more than three minutes before going to the office and asking to speak with someone about school security.
“We need to doggone make sure we protect our new house,” Briles said.
This was Ms. Netrebko’s night, however, from her first scene, when Lady Macbeth, having had a premonition that something has happened, receives a letter from her husband relating the stunning prophecies of the witches he encountered in the wood.
The series tried all sorts of things: a “Twin Peaks” homage in 2010, a “Shining”-themed episode in 2012, a musical episode this season.
Mr. Manning was selected first, by the Indianapolis Colts.
The attacker grabbed Mr. Ruan and pushed him against a wall.
Mr. Cuomo has a sore history when it comes to speaking with reporters on campaign buses; comments he made in 2002 about Gov.
Some critics say that by favoring religious schools, the government is giving them a greater say in overall education policy.
In the hideous beheadings of two American journalists, the Islamist killers dressed their victims in bright orange prison garb.
The show’s cancellation allowed for a definitive break from her past, and the freedom to pursue music full time.
Circumstances matter; history affects our assessment.
The central bank also released minutes of meetings between officials and industry representatives that indicated there were concerns about possible manipulation for rates like the 4 p.m. fix for the pound to the United States dollar as early as July 2006.
You can’t really tell with these things.
The University of San Diego, a Catholic university, is a member of the Pioneer League of the Football Championship Subdivision.
I designed the protocol and wrote the code myself.
Officers Memorial Foundation, which gives scholarship money to children of C.I.A.
A crucial challenge in the development of the Ruxton was to accommodate both a lengthy reverse-mounted straight-8 engine and conventional transmission so that as much weight as possible would end up over the front wheels.
After Ferrari’s poor start to the 2014 season, Mr. Todt’s successor, Stefano Domenicali, resigned from the team and was replaced by Marco Mattiacci, who was the chief executive of Ferrari North America and who had no auto racing experience.
Updated, 10:19 a.m. Good clammy Tuesday morning to you.
Somebody with taste and also money?
The sprightly minuet of Mozart’s String Quartet in E flat (K. 428) that the Ébène offered during the same concert, the courtly dance in the third movement of the Mendelssohn: Would they have had the same graceful zing if it hadn’t been for all that samba training?
There’s a more poignant dimension, too.
In the coming weeks, though, the 20,000 retired players and their beneficiaries will have to make a final decision to accept the proposed deal, which includes an unlimited number of cash awards for a small set of severe neurological conditions; to opt out and perhaps sue the league for more; or to object and possibly appeal the settlement.
If China’s rate is comparable, this would represent some 180 million of its citizens.
“You always have a risk, but it’s different now,” said Lt. James McGarry, who had come from Manhattan to the shrine.
We always came home with frozen toes and ears.” Boucha, a member of the Chippewa tribe, made pucks out of discarded chewing tobacco cans stuffed with newspaper and wrapped in black tape.
“This helps us address the whole relationship between a police department and their community,” Mr. Smith said.
But culturally it was a lesson six decades in the telling that there is much to fear in the idealism of the elite.
“It’s a primitive, very backward prison system,” said Larry F. Wood, a clinical psychologist who was hired at Tutwiler in 2012.
Hodgson watched it all from the stands at the Camp Nou.
And by the time he was 18, as his peers headed to college and world travel, he had undertaken his own odyssey of adventure and self-discovery, almost all of it alone.
It is in the same category as ecstasy and heroin.
Ennis recently launched his own A.A.U.
METROPOLITAN A cover story in some editions this weekend about a tepee that has been erected at a temporary park at the former Domino Sugar refinery site in Brooklyn misstates the nature of a development that is planned there.
After students create their works in whatever medium, you might invite them to bring the work, or a photo of it, in to show others.
tournament Midwest Regional semifinal against Tennessee.
There are other paths, of course, as the winning streak in the lower courts makes clear.
Yet, both Britain and the United States continue to hamper efforts by historians to uncover the full story of the 1953 coup.
The state does not prescribe exact shapes, colors and sizes for the scarves and coats, so over the years many urban Iranian women have come up with spectacular outfits, combining tight coats with fluorescent scarves the size of handkerchiefs, from which locks of hair cascade.
“All I did was release the videotape because I had to,” he said.
But a flurry surrounding the issue began even earlier when county clerks in Boulder, Denver and Pueblo, in Southern Colorado, seized on a June 25 ruling by a federal appeals court overturning Utah’s same-sex marriage ban.
“I was sitting in my office preparing paperwork for my boys who went for training when I received a call from one of my chairmen,” Kalli said as he drove.
But the country’s top investigative agency announced this week that the girls, whose bodies were surrounded by a crush of TV reporters while they were still hanging from the tree, had killed themselves and that no rape or abduction was suspected.
The expansion is already having an effect on the city’s biggest provider of charity care, the nonprofit Christus St. Michael Health System.
Along with two Beltway intelligence firms, a Palantir employee had pitched a Washington law firm on ways that it could expose the workings of WikiLeaks, the group that publishes secret government and private-sector information.
“The River,” a spiritually searching drama about a trout-loving loner in a remote cabin and two of the women in his life, was a critically acclaimed hit in its premiere at the Royal Court Theater in London in 2012.
I can only repaint to you that not only is that a correct read, but there is a force of will in her, coupled with intelligence.
He gave up 6.6 hits per nine innings in his career, not per nine hitters.
Blaine (Darren Criss) gains the typical “freshman 15,” causing problems in his relationship with Kurt (Chris Colfer).
He said 115 areas were identified, and Predator drones began last March to monitor them systematically to confirm there was no human movement.
But to live continually in the natter of ill-written and ill-spoken prose is to become deaf to what language can do.
In a couple of them, the players are bent at the knees in an athletic crouch, with their helmets pointed straight at opposing players, just as they were taught since they first put pads on.
Here are some additional questions about credit scores: ■ Can’t I already see my credit score for free, once a year?
Then a number of American students and African-American expatriates organized a solidarity rally in support of the March on Washington at the American Embassy in Paris.
With Lloyd H. Miller’ (Saturday) The Bronx, Queens, Manhattan and Staten Island are invited to sing back, too, in this family program at the Brooklyn Historical Society.
Barrow Street Theater, 27 Barrow Street, at Seventh Avenue South, West Village, 212-868-4444, ridingthemidnightexpress.com.
Keep in mind, though, that the person may be able to guess who filed the complaint, depending on your level of engagement with the person.
Some fraction of the burden of the corporate income tax (about 20 percent, in the estimation of the Tax Policy Center) is actually borne by workers in the form of lower wages; the economic burden of shareholder-level taxation would be expected to fall substantially on shareholders.
Now let’s hear more from David: This is a pretty theme-dense puzzle, and as such, it came with a unique set of constraints.
War during Ramadan has a particular tension.
The jazz pianist Mr. Cables — best known as a first-call sideman from the ’70s to the ’90s — has made a quiet, alert and exemplary new trio record, partly a goodbye to musician friends who’ve recently slipped away, partly an index of his heroes.
In 10 years I’d never spent so much time in those woods as I did on that trip, and it will probably take me another 10 to suss out its finest spots.
Still a teenager when the death of successive relatives left her to inherit her uncle’s throne, Victoria was faced with a series of fragile coalition governments, labor unrest at home, a famine in Ireland, revolutions on the other side of the Channel, a spectacularly mismanaged war in the Crimea — and that’s just in the first two decades.
I can get weight off anyone.
The accuracy of his answers can be debated — the inferior talent part, especially — but Ryan’s version of the truth differs from other people’s.
On Thursday at 8:15 p.m., a talk about ballet will feature Ms. Whelan, the recently retired principal dancer with New York City Ballet, and the actress Victoria Tennant, whose book about her mother, “Irina Baronova and the Ballets Russes de Monte Carlo,” was published last month.
That’s what makes it special being around him every day.” Francoeur, 30, is an outfielder who pitches for fun, and to save the Chihuahuas’ bullpen.
So far, at least 620 Palestinians have died, around 75 percent of them civilians, according to the United Nations, including more than 100 children.
“For people with cars, it is amazingly convenient to the Midtown Tunnel and the F.D.R., and you’ve got everything you could possibly need right here within a block of our building.
There’s not enough players to go around, so you better be creative.” Bobby Evans, an assistant general manager with the Giants, said Sabean had always emphasized the importance of both analytics and traditional scouting and had been eager to keep up with technology without veering to either extreme.
,” a memoir by the British comedian and actor John Cleese, enters the hardcover nonfiction list at No.
He is a great artist, one of the greatest in rock ‘n’ roll, but his art is ­ music .
While she’s most famous for her “lobster dress” and “shoe hat,” Schiaparelli also gave the world, among others, the first wrap dress, the first scarf dress, the first transparent rain coat and visible zippers.
Ms. George-Warren means to answer many questions about his wildly different incarnations as a cult figure, but his life and career (the order in which he certainly would have ranked them) were confounding even to those who knew him best.
Fresh blueberries are not in season at the moment, so I put my frozen organic wild blueberries to good use in this hearty mix.
Sitting side by side on my desk, the books look similar: One cover is blue and the other green, and both are adorned with images of fruits, vegetables, legumes and grains interspersed with people working and playing, all apparently enjoying good health.
Jimmy,” as locals know him, is a revered figure here.
Patrick Page tries on a dress with the help of David Grevengoed, his dresser, and the costume designer Rita Ryack.
He was chosen by the English F.A.
So to answer his concluding question: No, I don’t think that merely changing the way we subsidize low-income earners will reduce the long-term structural decline of marriage.
“They have a real hatred against the state,” said Bassi Konaté, a city social worker, who added that many of the protesters came from poorer districts nearby.
“We used to average six to eight sales a year, but this year we have had over 16 deals.” As for pricing, a one-eighth share at the Timbers Club that cost $265,000 last year is now priced at $300,000, while a townhome at the development that sold for just over $3 million in the early 2000s is now on the market for almost $5 million.
The law was sponsored by Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, and it was approved by a 97-to-3 vote in the Senate and by voice vote without objection in the House.
Watching him the last few days, he’s looking forward to it.
“If you look back several decades, workers near the minimum wage were more likely to be teenagers — that’s the stereotype people had.
It will travel to the Shelburne Museum in Vermont and the Nebraska State Historical Society.
Elastic City Walks Festival and Symposium (through Oct. 6) Interactive walking tours of the city, envisioned and led by artists, are the focus of this free festival, beginning on Friday at noon with “Mandala; Reimagining Columbus Circle,” with the performance artist Karen Finley.
“Has anyone been fired?” asked Ms. Wetherhead, who plays Ms. Thomas’s daughter-in-law in the play.
Instead of the 99 percent of ads that say, ‘Please, dear God, buy this.’ No one cares or pays attention.” Purity is joining a lengthy list of advertisers that are turning to comedians to be the stars of major campaigns, on the theory that humor helps ads stand out and encourages consumers to pass along content on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.
CollegeInvest, Denver, will work with three agencies in Denver to handle tasks that had previously been handled by Pilgrim, Denver.
As one of the poorest nations on earth, Afghanistan clearly has plenty of needs.
It is Chevron, not mortgage debt relief, that has defined much of Ms. McLaughlin’s tenure .
We’ve got to continue being patient and stay disciplined and keep our trust.” The Nets hit only one of their last seven shots in Monday’s 102-96 loss at Barclays Center.
Warren E. Buffett prefers to use Berkshire Hathaway’s huge cash pile to buy up companies, rather than return it to shareholders.
The Commute While many residents drive to adjoining communities to headquarters of companies like Merck and Verizon, some take the Midtown Direct train to New York from Morristown, which is about 15 minutes away, depending on traffic.
But for once, it was the anger of Mr. Christie’s detractors, not his own, that most colored the event.
The report also ranks the states according to the seriousness of their mortgage fraud problem relative to their share of origination volume.
NEWARK The Newark Museum “American Chronicles: The Art of Norman Rockwell.” Through May 26.
But those earning between 201 percent and 400 percent of the poverty level will now have to pay between 15 percent and 45 percent of their bill, depending on their income.
In 2008, the United States killed one of his predecessors, Mr. Kulish says, “yet the group remains operationally dangerous six years later.” Still, this killing comes amid military setbacks, and the Shabab seems diminished.
It’s only a play that can affect you that much.” Julianne Moore, who played Ms. Moretz’s ill-fated mother in the 2013 “Carrie” remake, said she was surprised by her ability “to look for the connection, rather than the repulsion, in the scary mother-daughter dynamic.” “I was really struck by her emotional maturity and her willingness to explore the complications of the role,” Ms. Moore wrote in an email.
The center, newly remodeled and renamed the Harold & Dorothy Steward Center for Jazz, will be a hub and education space for a city that birthed jazz greats like Miles Davis and Clark Terry .
Ingredients shift, but on my visit included leeks, corn, hen of the wood mushrooms, squash blossoms and dried cherry tomatoes.
A team of American experts from the National Transportation Safety Board, the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing has been sent to the area and is waiting for something concrete to go on.
Residents and city officials called for avian justice.
He graduated from Randolph-Macon College.
About 20 years ago, New York began dismantling many of the megafactory high schools with 4,000 or more students, which were not able to prepare their students for the world.
The track was then given chicanes in order to slow it down and make it safer.
In other words, Democrats and Republicans don’t see the world so differently because they see different news; rather, they see the news differently because they’re Democrats and Republicans in the first place.
You half-expect someone onstage to pipe up with this pertinent question during “The Qualms,” a new comedy by Bruce Norris having its premiere at the Steppenwolf Theater here.
Indians’ relatively poor lung function has long been recognized, but researchers assumed for years that the difference was genetic.
Janine Nabers has won the 2014 Yale Drama Series competition for “Serial Black Face,” her play about the relationship between a single black mother and her daughter in Atlanta in 1979, at the start of a two-year spree in which more then 20 black children were murdered in the city .
“These documents continue to raise very serious questions — which G.M.
“Well, I don’t know if he had a concussion or not,” Hoke told reporters.
We drifted down the way to a Chipotle outdoor cafe: Vladimir and Estragon marooned in cheap chairs, contemplating the mysteries of asphalt.
What do you plan to read next?
“I’m a really, really good scientist,” she said.
“Whatever Congress might have meant” with the 2002 law, Justice Kagan wrote, “it failed to speak clearly.” She called it “Janus-faced,” adding, “The two faces of the statute do not easily cohere with each other.” “Read either most naturally,” she said, “and the other appears to mean not what it says.” She also said that an administrative immigration tribunal’s 2008 interpretation of the 2002 law — an interpretation the family that brought the case had challenged as too narrow — “benefits from administrative simplicity and fits with immigration law’s basic first-come, first-served rule.” “By contrast,” she continued, the solutions suggested by the immigrants who were respondents in the case “would scramble the priority order Congress established” by permitting aged-out children to be considered ahead of other would-be immigrants on the path to citizenship.
Friends of his gave him mares, like Taille de Guêpe, or sold him inexpensive stallion shares.
These are heady days for Texas Republicans, with an unusually large number of open statewide seats creating a bumper crop of 2014 primary campaigns.
“Lathe of Heaven” presents a quartet of musicians who weren’t part of his old crew: the trumpeter Avishai Cohen, the bassist Joe Martin and the brilliant drummer Marcus Gilmore, who often flows in at least four directions at once.
Other dancers cross his path: Four men move in lunging unison walks, while a couple breeze past in jumps and lifts that impart jubilance.
“It felt unfair to split it with him,” said Zineb, 29, a teacher in Rabat who asked that her full name not be used because as a political activist she is concerned about her safety.
The next night, crowds trying to escape the maw of the Beijing subway were subjected to a gantlet of scalpers.
But then she senses it: the human gaze.
So far, the political unrest has been largely contained to Bangkok and has not disrupted ports and factories.
The competition is fierce and the secrecy intense.
I sat with Iliana at the lunch and asked her about the salad.
The play of the game was Florida’s fourth-and-7 conversion in the first overtime.
Her twin sister, Larisa Vaynberg, was in the hospital.
A witness said he heard nine shots.
With the setup established in the first 20 pages, and the narration cleverly divided between tough-girl Donna and nerd-genius Jefferson, you begin to think you could write the rest of the book — for that matter, cast the movie and create the video game — by yourself.
(Equity actors cannot perform in these nonunion shows unless they resign from the union; if they do, regaining membership can be a long shot.)
Gros’s true walker leaves the pavement far behind.
She is married to Peter R. Orszag, who was the former director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Obama administration.
Noting that natural gas was squeezing out some zero-carbon energy sources, Mr. Kimmell of the Union of Concerned Scientists said, “It would be a tremendous mistake to rely upon natural gas” to solve the climate problem.
Andie MacDowell plays the woman of his dreams; Stephen Tobolowsky is the most annoying guy in town.
In Atlanta, grocery stores, gas stations and hardware stores were jammed.
Historically, the health of a country’s population has been correlated with its overall wealth.
Mr. Rudas produced more than 200 Pavarotti concerts in places like Madison Square Garden and Miami Beach.
Japan also hired four lobbyists to argue that the name change was unnecessary.
RELATED Jon Pareles on Michael Jackson’s “Xscape” SPOTIFY PLAYLIST Tracks by artists discussed this week.
“Our plan produced the first 17-year-old World Cup champion the U.S. has ever had,” Eileen said.
The hybrid gesture, weird I know, was an acknowledgment that even though the city or some of its inhabitants may not have been kind to me, I still loved it anyway.
“We started the way we wanted to, and now we’ve got to keep pushing and doing everything we can to bring a championship to the city.” Cincinnati has never won a Super Bowl.
The Stevens case exposed inexperience and poor organization.
Would you like pastry?’ ” Mr. Donovan said.
Harsh mandatory minimum sentencing laws have overstuffed prisons with tens of thousands of low-level, nonviolent drug offenders serving excessively long sentences.
TRAVEL The cover story on June 15 about the Mexico City of the architect Luis Barragán misspelled the name of a volcano seen from his Casa Prieto López.
Although he was building wealth for his own account and the institutional funds throughout the 1920s, he did not see the 1929 debacle coming and was almost cleaned out again.
I’ve gotten some feedback that I need to remember to label my thinking more when I’m talking with people.
But an increase of 8 percent in server revenue in the fourth quarter was less than Intel and some analysts had expected.
She outbid Facebook by a couple hundred million dollars to buy Tumblr.
Regions of elevated risk include an area encompassing southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas and another in South Carolina.
After McIntosh had discarded two hearts on dummy’s top clubs, what did he do next?
Anonymous, California And where, exactly, is the problem in your son being shunned by druggies and thieves?
The finale was a love song, “Baby,” in English and Ukrainian.
The investment bank’s compensation expense was equivalent to 43 percent of its revenue in 2013.
In his afternoon appearance, Chief Jackson sought to explain why the information was released on Friday.
You don’t want to tell them what to do because everybody has their own path.
International journalists must agree in writing to the censorship system in order to work in Israel.
Dennis Crowley (@dens) 21 Apr 14 A co-founder of Foursquare, a popular location-sharing mobile app, issued an online apology after an investigation of unauthorized runners in the Boston Marathon found that his wife had used a fake bib to participate in the race last Monday.
As a parent navigating this complex world of pedagogical theory, I was overwhelmed by this slew of blending-together buzzwords.
2 at Salzburg that summer and arranged for his Berlin Philharmonic debut in 1966.
The Giants’ first-round draft pick Odell Beckham Jr. has yet to fully participate in a training camp practice because of a hamstring strain.
You have time to hunt them down.
Mr. Fridman and Mr. Khan set up Letter One Group last year to invest the estimated $14 billion they received for selling their shares of TNK-BP, the former Russian oil affiliate of BP.
But Mr. Obama acknowledged that diplomatic pressure alone would have limited impact on a government that does not play by the normal rules of diplomacy.
Like many immigrants, Lawrence was a risk-taker.
Then a grotesque figure the girls call Mama appears in the shadows and begins to wreak havoc on their lives.
Third, emphasize that the historically proven way to reduce inequality is lifting people from the bottom with human capital reform, not pushing down the top.
When the exposition closed, Hunt returned to the Philippines to audition his own band of dog-eating headhunters and bring them to America to tour venues around the country for a year.
Their rationale is ever-changing — it’s commodity prices; no, it’s financial stability; no, it’s wages — but the recommended policy is always the same.
Ms. Nunn is courting them.
They planned to win a third.
His son and first mate, Rob, sails with him.
With those players untradable that season, the Phillies fumbled their major deal — Hunter Pence to the Giants — and then doubled down on their core, re-signing several veterans, importing others and resisting trades.
Thirty-five members of a soccer fan club that played a prominent role in the demonstrations in Istanbul were put on trial on charges of attempting to overthrow the government in a case that has drawn criticism from human rights groups who accuse the government of using the trial to warn other people against expressing dissent.
“You have to make sure of who you’re training,” said Maj. Gen. Patrick J. Donahue II, the commander of United States Army soldiers operating in Africa.
The governor was instrumental in legalizing same-sex marriage in New York.
It is no small endeavor to overhaul a system, Jackson said.
It’s going to bring everyone back to see reality and to be realistic.” Mr. Lapid and other centrist ministers have put forward their own plans in recent days for an ambitious new order, including the restoration of Palestinian Authority control in Gaza.
Mr. Galante sat with his peers from the city’s other libraries, Anthony W. Marx of the New York Public Library, and Linda E. Johnson of the Brooklyn Public Library, who were there to answer routine budgeting questions.
His two predecessors had to leave office in shame.
Professional explainers.” For the humans behind the computer competitors, it will be an odd change from the capture-the-flag competitions.
Lear says his recuperation period was, as he puts it, “a gas.” Lorne Michaels sent him tapes of “Saturday Night Live.” Lear says: “My ass disappeared with my cancer because I laughed it off.” He doesn’t dwell on any one part of his life or anatomy, instead firing a wide spray of turning points, including his first marriage to a high-school sweetheart; his first job in show business as a publicist (he made up a tidbit for the gossip pages about Moss Hart and Kitty Carlisle); writing “The Martha Raye Show” on a diet of Dexedrine and Seconal; casting the great Carroll O’Connor to play Archie Bunker; his fights with network censors over issues like sex, race and abortion; and even his compulsion to buy a rare copy of the Declaration of Independence.
■ It must be very commonplace in Central Virginia because I see it every few weeks, and my TV viewing is only 10 to 15 hours a week, and only after 11 p.m., off the air via antenna because we tossed Dish and Comcast.
“It’s not just for academic reasons that students aren’t retained.” The Georgia university system’s African-American Male Initiative has programs on 27 of the 31 campuses.
These include initiatives to bind the 18 countries that use euro currency closer together and open up Europe’s markets to greater competition, including from the United States.
Westwood finished at eight-under 280 at Amata Spring in Chonburi.
And Mrs. Writebol’s sons, Jeremy, 35, and Brian, 33, talked about her.
Henry, sweet and conciliatory, is the easier parent to like, but as a teenager, Christopher occasionally flashes a complicit smirk at his mother’s crueler wisecracks.
On selected Saturdays — the next date is Dec. 6 — the museum will hold drawing workshops in which children can create art to enter into a raffle to be selected for 3-D printing.
Take Pfizer, which over the last 14 years has acquired Warner-Lambert, Pharmacia and Wyeth.
not to pay for this service, and pay handsomely.
North Carolina (25-9), the No.
“We’re excited to be the first global agency of record for the Special Olympics,” says Britta Dahl, vice president and account managing director at Y&R New York, and work to “create a renewed sense of importance and urgency, and bring in a new generation of young people on a global basis.” “Sports is the great unifier and offers an opportunity to bring people together,” she adds.
Israel, fearing possible war crimes charges, has decided not to become a party.
Morty drove the MG in all seasons but avoided long trips, which he said could be tiring.
Ben Price, a neighbor of Ms. Jackson’s and a resident of the Flats for the last 14 years, said he was looking forward to the changes.
I try to do the same with my pedicure, when I’ll play with more brights.
Men have a biological clock of sorts because of random mutations in sperm over time, the report suggests, and the risks associated with later fatherhood may be higher than previously thought.
A man for whom there will always be lunches.” Sinclair redraws all the strange connections that once bound poets and writers across the Atlantic.
The men bet bottles of Chivas Regal to keep matters interesting, and after some statistical analysis, Dr. Craven zeroed in on a point about 400 miles from the Azores, near the Sargasso Sea, according to a detailed account in “Blind Man’s Bluff,” by Christopher Drew and Sherry Sontag.
Richard J. Demato Fine Arts Gallery, 90 Main Street.
This story takes no sides, which is hard to do when it’s about the Algerian war.
“My Russian tiger mom was like, ‘Well, what do you want to do?’ She said, ‘Maybe you should think about those things you’ve always loved, like Radiohead and a Tribe Called Quest.” Ms. Bell moved to New York and began creating electronic music; she released her first album, “Diamonite” (under the name Bell) and briefly joined the pop-rockers Chairlift before she was recruited by the Dirty Projectors (who have nodded to Slavic harmonies in their own songs).
Ms. Shea said that he had worked in the hospital’s wound-care center.
Recent reports on the once-secret papers of a friend of Mrs. Clinton’s who died in 2000, Diane D. Blair, have heightened interest in that period, and in the current supercharged political environment even small revelations can become magnified or provide fodder for political debate.
From 3 to 5 p.m., Stephen A. Schwarzman Building, New York Public Library, 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue, 917-275-6975, nypl.org; free, but registration is now filled; places on the waiting list can be reserved on the website.
It estimated that teams and their insurers paid injured players an average of $218 million during the 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 seasons.
Today only the most insensitive high official would pose for such an image, which shows Garner clowning with two six-shooters once used by the notorious Jesse James, who hailed from Truman’s home state.
If that wouldn’t happen in the N.F.L., it shouldn’t happen in women’s sports, either.
In Silvan’s chart, the social worker noted this.
The Department of Environmental Conservation’s permit for the bridge replacement requires that sturgeon monitoring be done so the agency can acquire new information on the sturgeon’s habits — what it eats, where it travels, how long it abides in the river, whether the construction disrupts them and what stretches of water it prefers, said Frances F. Dunwell, the department’s Hudson River estuary coordinator.
And yet I can’t help wondering if my reading the book might have had something to do with the fact that I have always been hopelessly bad at sports.
Stevie Wonder, who performed with the band at the Reggae Sunsplash festival in Jamaica in 1981, wrote and produced Third World’s 1982 hit “Try Jah Love.” “Bunny had a great voice, something even Stevie Wonder admired,” Mr. Leslie said.
But to Mr. Firtash and his legal team, his arrest is yet another example of American overreach.
Despite the bumpy landing, Philae remained in contact with the Rosetta orbiter and performed its initial set of observations, including photographs of a cliff above the spacecraft.
Chevron brought a civil RICO case against Donziger, claiming that his actions had so tainted any Ecuadorian verdict that it should be unenforceable in the United States.
Only 10 percent of total commerce is done online.
This offer was politely declined by the monks.
Matt D’Agostini scored 22 seconds into overtime to lift the host Buffalo Sabres to a 5-4 win over the Boston Bruins on Wednesday.
The enchantment of magical places, from medieval castles to storybook gardens, inhabits fashion this season, as designers focus on the narratives of familiar legends and folklore.
Mr. Greenwald said in an interview that he thought the chance of being arrested on the way to receive a journalism award “is pretty low.” Update: The two journalists arrived in New York around midday and left J.F.K.
The falloff has been especially pronounced in Medicare, which is spending $1,000 less per beneficiary than the Congressional Budget Office projected just four years ago.
“His whole concept was psychological warfare,” Dr. Marszalek said.
It’s true as far as it goes, but inadequate in the scheme of things.
He eventually wrote a book, “The Bridge,” which has been republished by Bloomsbury Press, with a new afterword to catch readers up on the lives of those he profiled.
On Wednesday, a company called New Relic announced that its product, used by information technology professionals to monitor the performance of software applications, would also carry real-time analytics about customer usage.
“He’s driving with both hands together in a very precarious position.” A detective grabbed a door of the S.U.V.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey on Wednesday approved $90 million in upgrades to its moldering Midtown Manhattan bus terminal, calling it “functionally obsolete” in its current form.
Others have complained that by expanding its focus to include Hollywood celebrities and viral Internet sensations, the conference is in danger of drifting away from its core mission: generating ideas about technology.
He was 15 when he played on Art Neville and the Hawketts’ enduring 1954 recording of “Mardi Gras Mambo,” and not much older when he appeared on Fats Domino’s hit version of “Blueberry Hill.” In 1966 he married Delores Brooks, lead singer for the Crystals, a girl group with a string of pop hits, including “Da Doo Ron Ron.” The couple converted to Islam, changing their names to Idris and Sakinah Muhammad, and lived in London and Vienna before their marriage ended in divorce in 1999.
Before the sister fished her out of the crack house, she had walked away from Hour Children to go back to the streets.
He had once worked at Adobe, which formed the basis for his suit.
Concerns about a slowing global economy also have weighed on airline stocks.
And emphasizing “culture fit,” she argued, could be a way of papering over discrimination with jargon: “What prioritizing ‘fit’ really allows a company to do is reject an applicant for not matching the pattern .
In a blistering memo to agency officials, Mr. Foye suggested the “ill-advised” lane closings were dangerous and violated federal and state law.
, Wednesday morning, and his wife called police and confessed to the crime.
Waiting at the airport to greet her were Frau von Dircksen, wife of the German Ambassador in London, Frau Katz, head of the German women Nazis in this country, and Embassy officials.
The south-facing open kitchen has thin shelves over the windows where Ms. Appleton keeps houseplants and curios.
But New York State and New York City are lagging, not leading, in the drive for higher wages, a fact that becomes more glaring as other cities engage in the fight for $15 an hour.
This is our oil.” White Army fighters rarely cross paths directly with Mr. Machar, whose hide-out is fairly secluded.
Purchasers text the ID to a number on the box, and instantly get a text back saying whether the medicine is fake or real.
That certainly seems likely, given the ingenious contraptions , live-action and animated, that motor and hum through his latest, “Mood Indigo.” Nominally a romance about a boy and a girl, the movie is more rightly a feature-length expression of Mr. Gondry’s love of whirring, purring creations, including the doorbell that scuttles like a large ring-a-ding insect and the upright piano that whips up cocktails and the mouse that makes mischief and the mechanical cloud that sails over Paris and, and, and.
Hitching up his laptop to a large screen, he will show in real time how Dr.
This is not common for a book about economics, and this one happens to be 696 pages.
You need to pay the price.”
The government must also provide reports, summaries of interrogations and any photos or videos documenting his confinement conditions.
Dec. 12 at 8 p.m. $39.75.
After all, targeting and analytics have their limits — especially among angry voters who do not want to be persuaded — and even the best ground games only make a difference in the margins when races are close.
The phone-hacking scandal involving British tabloids that so recently looked exotic to us now sounds oddly familiar.
It should focus on expelling serious and violent criminals, and not waste money and effort on breaking up families, and deporting those who contribute to society and whose ties to this country are deep and permanent.
More overtly religious and conservative, and no less corrupt, but arguably better than the American-led one.
With 64 teams (the four play-in teams are excluded in the contest), the odds are more than the number nine quintillion, or the number nine followed by 18 zeros.
The first night ended with another world record, after The Netherlands women bettered the mark in 4x200 freestyle.
Does that contradict what I was saying earlier about not discussing your women colleagues’ appearance?
Biggers or the fourth-round rookie Bashaud Breeland to handle right cornerback.
“If you have 15 employees, you have at least 10 families whose troubles are suddenly resolved,” she said, wiping a few drops of chocolate from the corner of a plate on its way out of the kitchen.
France has pledged, under the 2007 Grenelle law on the environment, to reduce its pesticide consumption by 50 percent by 2018.
I won’t do anything at all costs.” Still, he said, some of his rivals were envious of him and his influence in the industry.
A significant number of today’s prominent rights defenders and activists took part in the marches, including Pu Zhiqiang, who still remains in detention for his attempt to commemorate June 4.
In studies, Viekira has been shown to be about as effective as Harvoni, curing 90 percent of patients or more who are infected with the most common subtype of the virus, known as Genotype 1.
But Justice Harry A. Blackmun, in a dissent, noted that Mr. McCollum had the mental age of a 9-year-old and that “this factor alone persuades me that the death penalty in this case is unconstitutional.” The exoneration based on DNA evidence was another example of the way tainted convictions have unraveled in recent years because of new technology and legal defense efforts like those of the Center for Death Penalty Litigation, a nonprofit legal group in North Carolina that took up the case.
8:15 p.m. [$29 and up] • Happy birthday week, Lou Reed.
He has never played another position, never been anything but No.
Historically, he said, Cuban activists have often been seen by their compatriots as hapless victims of an oppressive state.
• Clippers sale heads to court.
But in recent years, the number of media outlets programming such events has surged.
“But with the Internet, words fly.” Well, sometimes.
He mumbled something about beef.”
In “Rashomon,” four characters recount a traumatic episode in a forest — a woman is raped and her husband murdered — in separate, contradictory flashbacks.
At the same time, the total number of households in the United States that use the Internet or other streaming services instead of traditional TV to watch television shows or movies has climbed to 7.6 million, up about 30 percent from 5.8 million in 2013, according to SNL Kagan.
Confirmation: It made me very sad to read one particular portion of the memo.
The margin of sampling error was plus or minus three percentage points.
• The core of Europe ’s economy continues to struggle.
American Express has issued no-fee cards before in an effort to widen the company’s appeal.
(“Chili peppers are in every Tibetan house,” Mr. Gyaltsen told me, “and in almost every dish.”) Many of the tastiest options are vegetarian, including two starters: Himalayan Ne-Zom, a medley of tofu, peas, cauliflower and potato in a zingy tomato-based sauce reminiscent of an Indian tikka masala; and Dhang tsel, a fresh salad of shredded red and green cabbage, cilantro, carrot and cellophane noodles served in a piquant sesame-oil dressing.
The film observes much, from the crowded classroom activities to the cook to duck-duck-goose.
The same logic explains Turkey’s support for Hamas in the Gaza Strip.
It will include a singalong.
Immersive theater has been increasingly popular for the past few years: “Sleep No More” has been running in New York since 2011, and recent hits like “ Then She Fell ” and “ Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 ” were also well received.
More of a flexible factory erector set than a conventional vehicle platform, MQB will underpin more than 40 VW Group models — and some five million new cars worldwide each year — by 2018.
And Beatrice — or Billie, as everyone called her — had her own scent.
Voters often prefer a leader who shows them an ideal version of themselves, who persuades them “to do what they don’t want to do, and like it,” as Harry Truman wrote.
But if I did more hiking and less shooting, I’d love to have one of these.
The energy industry has been an important factor in most of the states that have done the best in adding jobs, and it has also played an important role in supporting home prices.
Straight tickets account for as much as 30 percent of the vote in some Texas counties.
I remember you used to say, I don’t know; you tell me.’ ” ... Derek Jeter, who continues to receive warm applause in opposing stadiums, was 0 for 4, lowering his spring batting average to .132.
With arrow perennially poised to fly from bow, Diana became almost as much a symbol of the museum as its griffins.
He’s literally a competitor of ours in the market today.
“I might do a glitter lid and liner for a hint of gold,” she said.
But in those cases, Congress had authorized the immigrants in question to apply for green cards; the president merely suspended enforcement against their closest family members until they, too, could get their own cards.
But living together was different.
Everything he did was beautiful.” One of his mother’s brothers taught him a step or two, he said, but “I never took a lesson.” He took to dancing on the streets of the neighborhood, particularly outside a record shop on Lenox Avenue and 137th Street.
With that move will come greater opportunities to discuss the day’s news and how that news affects our families — from how marijuana that looks like candy changes the game to how the new SAT doesn’t, and so forth into whatever we’ll be talking about tomorrow.
But the push for speed cameras began during the administration of his predecessor, Michael R. Bloomberg.
It’s enough to make the conscientious objectors seem sane.
Or to the splendor of the ocean generally?
PHILIP G. CERNY YORK, ENGLAND, MARCH 23 The writer is professor emeritus of politics and global affairs at the University of Manchester and Rutgers University.
David O’Brien, a certified financial planner, has tried to repair the retirement portfolios of several victims over the years.
The play argues persuasively against treating the next Brownsville death as just one more sad statistic (1:30).
As you scour shopping websites and store aisles this season, captive to that frenzied, loving and exasperated hunt for perfect holiday gifts, here’s a little gift, of sorts, from researchers who study gift giving and receiving: Think gift card.
If it owes its existence in part to the desire to make use of the Olympic facilities after the Games, one of the main challenges for the circuit after the Formula One race this weekend is likewise to sell it to other events and auto racing series.
Here’s what you need to know about events in Ferguson, Mo.
Society must take action, not just a few good men in the D.E.A.
Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m., Sunday at 2 p.m., Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Chelsea, 212-242-0800, joyce.org; $10 to $49.
Straight partners tend to think they should be “heroically powerful” and change their mate’s orientation, he said.
It helped on the margins.
I couldn’t tell what happened to him.” Papa added: “Even from the outset, he seemed like he was carrying himself differently, probably because of Wimbledon.
Still, Lewis, the world’s top-ranked player, played like a woman on a mission at Pinehurst No.
“No matter how strong a supporter a person may be of charter, and I certainly have been a supporter of all sorts of school choice, asking for more money seems like a tough sell,” said State Representative Steven B. Yarbrough, a Republican and a longtime proponent of the dollar-for-dollar tax credits the state offers in return for donations to public or private schools.
Although Mr. Mickelson is not connected to the Clorox trades, he is not in the clear on Dean Foods.
“I must say, it’s been an emotional few days for us,” Mr. Bolen said, addressing a crowd that included the editors of Allure, W, WSJ and T: The New York Times Style Magazine before a presentation of the house’s prefall collection.
With a victory this week, Day will supplant the world No.
Because Honda did not start making changes on the assembly line until June 6, the group said the Acceptable rating applies only to cars built on that date and later.
For all teenagers, the pregnancy and abortion rates were 57.4 and 14.7 in 2010.
Relative to the league, Golden State is an above-average defensive team for just the fourth time in the last 35 seasons.
Lens is also on Facebook .
Mr. Ballmer would also benefit from the N.B.A.
JOHN G. FEDORISKA , Schuylkill Haven, Pa., posted on nytimes.com Hopkins is a complete figure, as a fighter and as a man with extraordinary conviction.
On Monday, for the third time in seven years, the Supreme Court will consider the scope of the federal government’s power to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases, which are a major contributor to global climate change.
Abortion is illegal in Brazil in most circumstances, allowed only when the woman’s life is in danger, she has been raped or the fetus has anencephaly, a severe birth defect in which parts of the brain and skull are missing.
The group plans to depart on Tuesday night and will fly on a commercial airline, the governor’s office said.
As the name implies, the department retains the right to revoke consent at any time.
A series of words on a page, a stunning picture, a dish in a restaurant, a meal at a friend’s, a smell on a side street and all of a sudden you have to cook that, right now, or else pleasure will have been averted and an opportunity lost.
The skirmishing highlighted the hair-trigger tensions in the region as Asian nations try to contain China’s more aggressive posture in pursuing maritime claims in the South China Sea.
That would show that he is acting in good faith to work out a fair system for the election without bias toward his own future.
What it conspicuously wouldn’t do is create the kind of tax credit for catastrophic coverage that you’ll often find in right-of-center health care alternatives — because that would cost money relative to the 2008 baseline, and/or require further disruptions elsewhere in the system.
Proposing a watery view of the fair grounds, the Brooklyn-based artist Marie Lorenz will offer East River tours in her handmade rowboat.
According to the European Banking Authority, depositors should have been compensated within 25 days after their accounts became unavailable.
That would make the convention lawsuits among the costliest ever defended by New York City.
It sent fans into a frenzy, fireworks into the air and Giants onto the field.
They report that they have achieved perfectly accurate teleportation of quantum information over short distances.
I think that’s the smarter model for a service-based business.
They alone should set the parameters for a peace agreement and impose them on the parties.
• A cover article last Sunday, about how busy crosstown streets have become popular residential destinations, misstated the address of the Gramercy Starck Building.
As the thinking changed about how to engineer the removal of water from cities and suburbs, the concerns about pollutants have also been evolving.
“They’re a validation of something you had in mind.
On Monday evening, Oscar de la Renta , a couturier whose career spanned more than a half-century, died at his home after an eight-year battle with cancer.
In a 2009 interview with USA Today, she said the other justices, who were then all men, sometimes ignored the arguments she made at their private conferences.
“Hurry up, because they’re chasing me,” Mr. Cruz said the man had told him.
Because Darpa events are free and open to the public while Def Con is a paid conference, the two events will be separate but adjoining.
But the truth, though, is that healthy transit-supported development — we’re not talking about a $4 billion Path Station here — nearly always pays dividends in New York.
This ranges from general questions to presenting me with floor plans.
The data sheds new light on the often murky financial ties between physicians and the health care industry.
Arsenal eased to a 2-1 victory at West Ham, a London rival, to dislodge it from fifth place.
As it turned out, those who left early could have caught a few more holes.
In other words, little had changed since he informed the Knicks last month that he was opting out of his contract so he could explore free agency.
The country has been racked by sectarian violence for a year since Seleka rebels, who are mostly Muslim, seized power, and militias known as “anti-balaka” and who are mainly Christian, fought back.
The study also suggested reducing the number of parolees sent back to prison for technical violations, like a missed appointment or failed drug test.
Rain delays had interrupted play in Naples on Friday, and Murray’s match was suspended because of darkness in the second set.
Our first summer together, we read the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy to each other below high cliffs on a beach in Southern California.
That’s still less than half of all customers, but it far exceeds what you might expect based on consumer behavior in other public health insurance marketplaces.
I’m a photojournalist for the most part and not so much a studio photographer, so it was important for me to let each person interpret my direction.
The economies of the Middle East are not only detached from the world’s, but from one another.
Meanwhile, if you have managed to have developed relationships with galleries, you are also able to buy new works by sought-after emerging artists for five-figure prices.
The Church of the Messiah, 6436 Montgomery Street.
Mr. Khodorkovsky said in a recent interview that Mr. Putin aspires to be the Deng Xiaoping of Russian politics — the wise arbiter between actors and groups.
Mr. Holmes’s March 1859 employee card reads “keeper menagerie,” said Jonathan Kuhn, the Parks Department’s director of art and antiquities.
Wading into a debate that has more typically pitted activists against industry, some have argued that opposition from even small pockets of an American elite influences investment in research and the deployment of genetically modified crops, particularly in the developing world, where hunger raises the stakes.
This, in any event, is what Mr. Warren has told his friends.
Imagine for a minute what would have happened in 2006 if Citigroup had listened to its consultants and canceled the offerings.
Kate Macauley, 19, flew home to Glasgow from a summer job in Massachusetts to vote.
baseball fan day he signed autographs for two and a half hours, an hour longer than scheduled.
All choose to run on — or, in some cases, just walk — over the objections of their friends and family members.
(Dargis) ★ ‘Nebraska’ (R, 1:55) Bruce Dern plays Woody Grant, an aging, stubborn alcoholic who thinks he’s won a sweepstakes and sets off from his home in Montana to Lincoln, Neb., to claim the prize.
It’s also the element of handicraft (those cordwood masonry exteriors) when so much marquee architecture leans on high-tech materials and 3-D printing.
TONIGHT • Behind “Frozen.” The directors, songwriters and actors behind the highest-grossing animated film to date tell “The Story of ‘Frozen,” and the host, Josh Gad (the voice of Olaf), revisits the Norwegian areas that inspired the fictional kingdom.
will advance at an annual rate as high as 3.8 percent.
It seems to me that if half the effort of parking enforcement were put into moving violations, many lives could be saved and revenue could be generated to cover whatever costs are incurred.
“If you’re not a Tier 1 smartphone maker, it’s difficult to be heard,” said Ken Hyers , a senior analyst at Strategy Analytics.
Antipasti platters can include wild boar sausage, creamy pecorino tartufato or prosciutto di Parma, among other meat and cheese selections.
But it’s the street’s numerous buskers who charge the air with energy.
But 1939 still holds the top spot for nearly all right-thinking cineastes.
At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Comedy Cellar, 117 Macdougal Street, near Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village, 212-254-3480, comedycellar.com; $40 and a two-item minimum at 8 p.m., $80 plus two-drink minimum at 10:30 p.m. (Czajkowski) NEW YEAR’S EVE AT THE STAND Still the new kids on the comedy-club block, the Stand continues to prove itself as one of the best spots in town.
A collection of stories from a recent trip focusing on a Muslim minority who are confined to camps and villages.
It was designed with a large window on the upper half of the rear wall, which fills the space with sunlight, and a high ceiling.
By retelling the same old story about Yellowstone wolves, we distract attention from bigger problems, mislead ourselves about the true challenges of managing ecosystems, and add to the mythology surrounding wolves at the expense of scientific understanding.
Richard Dannatt, the former chief of staff of the British armed forces, made a public plea this week that the British government should reverse its plans to reduce regular army troops to their lowest number since the Battle of Waterloo, to roughly 82,000 by 2018, and to withdraw all its 20,000 troops stationed in Germany.
He recounted the story of the reprisal murder in July of a Palestinian teenager from East Jerusalem by Israeli extremists.
Mr. Ross will take the reins of the nonfiction network that is home to programs such as “Naked and Afraid,” about a pair of strangers trying to survive in the wilderness for 21 days with no clothes, the annual “Shark Week” programming event and the auto shop-themed reality show “Fast N’ Loud.” Ratings at the network have surged 24 percent to 1.3 million average viewers so far this season compared with the same period in 2013, according to Nielsen.
Either way, Coach Roberto Martinez, who is in his first season at Everton, was ecstatic Howard re-upped.
Frustrated by what they saw as administration passivity, the students have been waging protests to educate school officials about right and wrong.
Meanwhile, as the situation became more dire, the new government in Ukraine’s capital began to recruit the country’s wealthy businessmen, known as oligarchs, to serve as governors of the eastern provinces, Andrew E. Kramer writes in The New York Times.
By 10:37, Helene Cooper reported that the president would announce that Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks 10 years earlier and the most wanted man in the world, had been killed.
“Soul Train,” which was created in Chicago then moved to Los Angeles, showcased and deeply influenced African-American music, dance and fashion, hosting artists like Stevie Wonder and James Brown and starting the careers of dancers like Rosie Perez and Jody Watley.
Or are they determined to bring down the existing, corrupt order in a coup, as Russia’s fascist-baiting news media insist?
We have ways of doing that.” A number of Wall Street counselors also saw big risks in Valeant’s decision to work with Mr. Ackman.
The QB Avatar is not the only nonhuman helping couples marry these days.
Or just to know the scale of this catastrophe — whether the final death toll will be closer to the 16 bodies recovered by Wednesday evening, or will grow closer to the more than 100 people who are listed as missing or whose status is uncertain.
Though I also have an apartment in Manhattan, which I use when I like to go out in the city and spend some time.
“We’re done now,” she says.
COLGATE 20, HOLY CROSS 17 Jake Melville capped a 14-play, 83-yard drive with a 1-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter, and Colgate (3-2, 2-0 Patriot League) edged visiting Holy Cross (2-4, 0-2).
“With the crisis we thought that was the right moment to get something done,” recalled William Kennard, the American ambassador to the European Union at the time.
Most recently, an unnamed group launched a website questioning the conservative credentials of John L. Nau, a Houston beer distributor and funder of conservatives and conservative causes at the statewide level who also backs some legislative Democrats in local seats.
The man responsible for these numbers since the late 1990s is Harold J. Bowen III, known as Jay, president of Bowen, Hanes, based in Atlanta.
Terri & Sandy, which becomes the lead strategic and creative agency for all Just Born candies, adds the new brands to brands like Goldenberg’s Peanut Chews and Peeps.
“When he had proposed, I didn’t understand why,” said Ms. Koslowski, who added that she “didn’t see what the actual act of marriage could do for us.
“It’s hard to keep super excited,” Mancuso said.
Mr. Binn said he expected that DuJour’s strengthened alliance with Gilt could help its luxury advertisers, which might not have a “large online marketing presence and budget,” reach younger, affluent consumers.
In a news conference on Monday, Albuquerque’s police chief, Gorden Eden, who took over the post in February, said he continued to have faith in his officers but announced that the department was nonetheless reviewing how it recruited and trained them.
MARK S. STERNMAN Somerville, Mass.
The band played like old friends who hadn’t seen one another in a while.
In her latest songs, she can unfold longer melodies and backup voices can talk back to her and sing words along with her.
Lounging on the thick grass in Strawberry Fields, Jimmy Peters gazed up at the penthouse apartment of a new luxury high-rise on West 57th Street.
Aug. 17 at 7 p.m. $40 to $130.
Toward the end of the night, I bumped into a group of women trying to hide behind the tent while they took a group selfie.
The genesis of this Nets team can be traced to last May.
The decision to continue or discontinue S.S.R.I.s during pregnancy should be a collective one made by the mother-to-be and her provider, and should be one where all risks and benefits are thoughtfully considered.
But Winston gave the Irish the ball right back, with a heave down the middle of the field as three defenders converged on him.
Women also need to legitimize their requests, or find ways to make them seem more appropriate, according to a study that Prof. Riley Bowles and Prof. Babcock published in 2012.
He is a son of Emily L. Scribner and David R. Scribner of East Wilton, Me.
It was not only that Mr. Tate’s bosses had entrusted him with staying close to such an important dignitary.
Whatever broader and possibly dispiriting implications might be read into the disbanding of this successful, 10-year-old troupe, to see its crackerjack dancers tear into cleverly constructed choreography set to the greatest hits of Queen was to see champions fighting till the end.
Then Samuel Felton, a graduate student at Harvard, connects the batteries, sending electricity coursing through, heating it.
MAMARONECK Emelin Theater Special Consensus, bluegrass.
She was outlining a new, Restylane-softened wrinkle of the old mantra that the personal is political.
There is a difference between laws on the books and the rules that regulators devote time and effort to enforcing.
Bobby Keys, a Texas-born sideman whose urgent, wailing saxophone solos wove a prominent thread through more than 40 years of rock ’n’ roll, notably with the Rolling Stones, died on Tuesday at his home in Franklin, Tenn.
Instead, it contained information only about the two leaders’ first meeting, on Sept. 27, 1945, that had already been made public in the past, according to the news agency Kyodo News.
Old and new tools both were used to create the George chest, which he made in 2007 and sold to the V. & A.’s permanent collection in 2013 — the chest that now greets museum visitors.
Toward the middle of the century, clubs were formed for men to play town ball or the modified “base-ball” — mostly as intramural affairs but eventually expanding to include interclub challenges.
From a peak of 30 million in the early 1990s, the number of people who report having played pachinko at least once during the preceding year fell to barely more than 10 million last year, according to the Japan Productivity Center, a market research company based in Tokyo.
Farms clamored for antibiotic slurry from drug companies, which was trucked directly to them in tanks.
It was Yvonne Force Villareal, a founder of the Art Production Fund, who, during last year’s Art Basel Miami Beach, encouraged him to take the plunge.
At the World Trade Center, for example, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has begun introducing a stylized and symbolic W as a wayfinding guide and means of identification.
Then Mr. Lombardi often calls a taxi to drive him to the shopping center.
There’s much more, too, including Vern Thiessen’s “Shakespeare’s Will” (May 24-Aug. 24), about Shakespeare’s wife, Anne Hathaway, and outdoor productions of “Romeo and Juliet” (July 17-Aug. 23) and Carlo Goldoni’s farce “The Servant of Two Masters” (June 25-Aug. 23).
The Islanders won four straight Stanley Cups here from 1980 to 1983.
But on third-and-2, those same 2 yards would mean a first down conversion and would be considered a success.
In this floating village, there is only one way to travel.
In an interview, Josh Tetrick, Hampton Creek’s founder, said the lawsuit was symptomatic of a bigger problem in the food business.
Then, with the Wizards trailing by 3, Gooden hit a layup and then a jumper from the wing that gave Washington an 87-86 lead, its first of the half.
This time, do not send us words, but soldiers.
Some older interviews and profiles were also troubling, painting Mr. Brody as a bit of a crank.
Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, 258 Main Street.
The latest storm was also much weaker than Typhoon Haiyan, one of the strongest ever recorded.
It begins with finding and establishing a relationship with a good wine shop.
The center of the epidemic remains in Guinea’s remote forest region, around the towns of Macenta and Guéckédou, where isolation wards have been set up.
111), with violist Hsin-Yun Huang.
“That’s going to harm the economy.” “Governors from other states come here to get jobs to leave California,” he said.
“It won’t affect the morale of this movement,” said Alex Chow Yong Kang, the secretary general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students.
Without the money, “The Obama administration could quickly see a new pileup of illegal migrants, including many children, in South Texas,” says Julia Preston, our national immigration correspondent.
But with some more development, “The Great Society,” which will be seen in repertory with “All the Way” at Seattle Repertory Theater (which commissioned the new play) in the fall, could ultimately follow the path its predecessor took to Broadway.
Premier Li Keqiang said this week that Chinese economic growth had sped up in the second quarter from the previous three months.
The argument that pursuing this technology will usher in a new era of eugenics, or end in the creation of “soldiers who never need sleep,” holds no water: We’re not talking about selective enhancement, but the prevention of rare but serious diseases that kill most who inherit them before they reach adulthood.
There’s also a small rose garden with Japanese lilacs.
(In a twist the author might enjoy, “Lost for Words” has just been awarded the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for comic fiction.)
pointed to a more important one: Who belongs in Italy?
This week, at our sixth annual SkyBridge Alternatives Conference, several prominent investors will be explaining their vision of this opportunity.
Nicholas Nixon was visiting his wife’s family when, “on a whim,” he said, he asked her and her three sisters if he could take their picture.
Data has given precision and a lot more science to these fields, but I don’t think we should do away with intuition entirely.” Sometimes, data-driven marketers learn more about customers than even the people closest to them.
He succeeds Valli Lakshmanan, who left; Mr. Lakshmanan subsequently helped found Multiply, Singapore.
“Don’t make any mistake, it’s pure tactics,” Mr. Rasmussen said.
This ferry has cost well over $3 million to date, and it has fewer than 1,000 riders per day.
“The death of the Ambassador may have formally been announced earlier last month, but in reality the Ambassador vanished from Indian roads 10 years ago,” said Siddharth Varadarajan, a journalist who owns three Ambassadors.
Still, when a new mobile service takes off, it is usually far more vulnerable.
Asked about the recent death of his father, a Madison Avenue executive of the “Mad Men” era, Mr. Fields said the ashes were being stored in a favorite family martini shaker.
But let’s say your degree-less child is above average.
Mr. Brown’s father got involved, Mr. Lewis said, and they settled the dispute and went their separate ways.
Los Angeles had several late chances, but everything was stopped by Crawford, who finished with 26 saves as the Blackhawks won for the ninth time in their last 11 elimination games.
5, she scrambled to the baseline for a Sharapova lob and returned deep enough to bait her into a forehand error.
What’s affecting me, my clients and other small-business owners today.
It’s been almost a decade since the first puzzle with this theme ran, and good ideas have a way of repeating themselves.
I’m not sure the doctor recognizes me.
IBM’s stock price, once a highflier, has barely budged in the last two years, drastically trailing the 43 percent surge in the S.&.P 500.
But she says there is a clear line between what they do and the quizzes that are blatant grabs for views.
Aug. 6 at 7:30 p.m. $39.50.
And that’s surprising, because I don’t need to know all that much — primarily, the answer to one question: How much of my out-of-pocket spending for my family’s health care has been applied toward my policy’s deductible?
Particularly in an era when dietary restraint is not our strong suit, returning to butter and fatty cuts of meat may likewise return us to the high rates of heart disease we had decades ago, not a place that any of us wants to see again.
The travel boom has continued despite the election last November of President Abdulla Yameen, an Islamist whose platform, now enacted, included a plan to institute the death penalty — even for children — under Shariah law.
As was the case when bloggers first came to Internet renown, some deals between brands and so-called Grammers are pay-for-play, while others involve an exchange of products for a well-styled, engaging post.
But I do want to delve a bit more into one point.
Speaking from the brownstone in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, that he shares with his wife, Elliott Puckette, an artist, and their two teenage daughters, Mr. Guinness gave details about what will be on view when the next show opens to the public on May 21.
Pink Floyd and the French prog-rock band Magma signed on to provide scores for two of the warring planets.
He finished having completed 27 of 48 passes for 290 yards and two touchdowns.
EAST HADDAM Goodspeed Opera House The Ninth Annual Festival of New Musicals, staged readings and presentations.