And there are already some signs that Mr. Trump may change course.
Wherever the truth lies, the incident report makes it clear that no one was hurt and that all six officers involved remained on duty.
Dr. Harold W. Jaffe, who was one of the original investigators and is now the associate director for science at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the text of the original article referred to a “patient outside California.” But the chart, of which he had an early copy, was admittedly ambiguous.
But to win antitrust cases, companies must prove that competitive threats are imminent if not present.
Iran’s release of its prisoners was not actually a part of the nuclear deal, but it was a conciliatory gesture signaling what the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, described on Twitter as “a new chapter in our relations w/ the world.” However much the Republican candidates would like to portray it as such, the Iranian case was far different from the kidnappings practiced by terrorist groups like Al Qaeda or the Islamic State, in which the goal is either huge ransoms or the perverse publicity of cruel executions.
“The baseball almost really did feel like the game almost shouldn’t have happened, but at the same time, after the first few innings and the game got going on, that’s when things started to become a little bit more normal for a minute.” The emotions were the strongest in the Marlins’ first at-bat of the game.
As a varsity fullback and Ph.D., I can unambiguously attest that the multitude head-to-head collisions of football have led to significant medical consequence for myself.
Last September, just weeks after the search in the Manhattan case, the Justice Department announced a new policy that requires federal law enforcement officials to obtain a search warrant in most cases before using a cell-site simulator.
“The playability of the surface is always good,” he said.
New York is now home to 320,000 millionaires, according to Knight Frank.
The Journal Square PATH station, one stop after Grove Street, adds another five minutes to a ride into Manhattan.
QUESTION: [inaudible] team, do you have a team— MR. TRUMP: I have a team.
The country’s constitutional court ruled that her findings and demands were binding.
Today, in an era of data-driven assessments, Central Park East I remains an anomaly, proud of its spirit of total freedom.
Last year , 34.6 million adults shopped on Thanksgiving, down from 43.1 million in 2014 and 44.8 million in 2013 , according to annual surveys from the National Retail Federation, an industry trade group, and Prosper Insights & Analytics.
So that was very purposeful.” ‘PARTY AT GROUND ZERO’ “Swing/ska.
After their meeting, he began to praise Miss Trotter’s artwork in his lectures as proof that “women can paint.” She visited him at his expansive home in Cumbria, in northwest England.
That’s the classic way to begin things, right?
Research finds that we’re all a bundle of unconscious biases, on race, on gender, on age, on body type.
After Moon left college in 1978, a Rose Bowl champion and Pacific-8 player of the year, he headed not to stardom in the N.F.L.
There are flying bullets and drones, racing characters and cameras, nods to Dante and Botticelli .
Yet still the stakes remain stubbornly low.
Mrs. Brown, 32, works in New York as a vice president of Barclays, the British bank; she assesses risks in lending to consumer goods companies.
If a receiver takes possession and appears to be a runner, able to ward off tacklers and make other moves, it is a catch; losing possession after that point represents a fumble.
“I don’t want any risk of the personal being accessible,” she wrote in 2010.
“If you wrote your rhyme somewhere else, you still had to come back and lay your verse in Q-Tip’s house,” Busta Rhymes said.
When party leaders work together, they nearly always win, we said.
Leading Republicans who could rebut these assertions have not done so.
In 2016, those words apply to Genesis.
Big whoop.” It is a big whoop for Mr. DiCaprio, whose thirst for the O-man statuette for best actor — denied to him four times before — seems sure to be slaked this year.
They both got what they wanted.” Some say it will be hardest for Kushner, an Orthodox Jew who got in deep with helping Trump as anti-Semitic sentiment swirled around the candidate.
Some of his predecessors showed scant interest in this series.
New twists are emerging almost on a daily basis, including a request from the Supreme Federal Tribunal, Brazil’s high court, that Congress also consider a petition to impeach Mr. Temer, the vice president.
Colombian voters narrowly rejected that agreement in a plebiscite early this month, many of them swayed by a hyperbolic and misleading campaign led by Mr. Uribe.
His father worked as a watchmaker, among other jobs, and his mother managed the household.
If Mrs. Clinton swamps Mr. Trump in the early vote in some swing states, she can move staff and money to the most competitive places — like Florida, North Carolina and Ohio, judging from recent polls — while he scrambles to battle on multiple fronts.
Southern England for the sparkling wine and the scenic area of rolling hills, apple orchards and barns that feels rustic and endearing.
Vevia Ann Martin, who was also at the Franklin rally, said she thought Mr. Rubio’s story was an argument for why legal immigration is such an integral part of American society.
Her delirium lifted, replaced by a dull, lifeless gaze.
For example, a group called World Vision is a 65-year-old Seattle-based nonprofit that many Americans are probably unfamiliar with.
Ahora se le critica porque las tasas de interés y el dólar están al alza.
In 1980, volunteer counting parties in the five 15-mile-diameter surveying circles that cover the city recorded 2,199 crows.
To carry out the operation: Among those were Comcast, AT&T and Cox, as well as fake companies like AmOL.
An abstract backdrop painting by Mr. Hodgkin (realized as décor by Johan Henckens) shows a selection of intense colors, juxtaposing yellow, green and red, so that we feel them as warring but adjacent emotions.
So we need portable benefits now.” Other Democrats, including those at the influential Center for American Progress .
He stayed two more years at Union, and in the 2014 Frozen Four in Philadelphia, the Dutchmen won their first N.C.A.A.
UNTAPPD This beer-tracking app got a big upgrade in 2016, adding the ability to scan a bar code on a beer bottle so users can add its details to a log.
Under Austria’s Constitution, Mr. Mitterlehner could remain in office for days, weeks or even months, Ms. Salmhofer said.
But now, it’s just kind of sitting there.
But even after she harpoons a big fish in the form of Mesa Verde, a bank looking to expand into new states (just the kind of time-consuming toil that yields thousands of billable hours), she is refused a get-out-of-jail card.
At a time when “endurance running” no longer means mere marathons — and even 100-mile races are attracting the masses — Karl Meltzer, a former ski-resort bartender, has proved he can suffer longer and faster than almost anyone else.
We ordered egg sandwiches and, from the kids’ menu, a grilled cheese, which Dan carefully cut up into postage-stamp-size bites.
Consider some of the possible changes to American policy on the Palestinian issue.
“It’s not very favorable for any criminal case to have a book like this come out during the proceedings,” Mr. Janssen said by telephone.
• The U.S. Labor Department ’s monthly jobs report today will be scrutinized as the last indicator of unemployment and wages before the Federal Reserve’s likely increase in interest rates.
(The company recently filed a federal lawsuit challenging a New York law that could result in fines against Airbnb for illegally listed properties; it agreed to drop the suit on the condition that fines be levied only against people listing property, not the company itself.)
It doesn’t help the city, doesn’t help the county and certainly doesn’t help the state.” He said that after years of sending taxes collected from casinos to the rest of the state, the time had come for the state to repay Atlantic City with financial aid.
“I’ve had kids do this my entire life.”
Even in prosperous and conservative Germany, Europe’s No.
Companies had few comparable apps to judge Snapchat against.
All of them had begun to discover for themselves what we’d been reading about — how social environments structure our experiences of disability.
“I don’t care what everybody else says.” While there was excitement after the team returned to Los Angeles and started the season 3-1, the Rams have lost eight of nine games and Fisher’s plan to let Goff simply be an observer in his rookie season fell apart amid public outcry.
Choking and the South African cricket team, nicknamed the Proteas, are almost synonymous.
Instead, he focused on what he called a transformative strategy, one he said would increase operating profit to as much as 8 percent of sales by 2025, from 6 percent last year.
It, too, focuses on live streaming video, and apparently incorporates some other stuff.
It was absurd, Spon said, to expect his players to unfold their bodies and produce high-level basketball.
But the ceilings were gray with age, and it took four men four months to bring them back to their former glory.
He has 207 goals and 499 assists in 807 regular-season games with the Rangers, Calgary, Atlanta and Boston.
But she says she is able to charge construction companies more than her competitors do.
He spent more on “Make America Great” hats than on polling.
Myles Gaskin ran for 127 yards and a 45-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter.
Wednesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Bronx Museum of the Arts, 1040 Grand Concourse.
It is Science Times Tuesday, and I was reminded by this puzzle of the Russian Fox experiment , a decades-long project that dissipated along with the Soviet Union, but still pops up on nature shows and in genetics classes.
“I’m not going.” When I reported this conversation to my husband later that evening, he got a steely look in his eyes.
But now, as the conception of liberal values seems to be expanding to issues like same-sex marriage, it is becoming more antagonistic to Roman Catholics, evangelical Protestants and Jews, as well as to Muslims.
It now functions as a small exhibition gallery of her work, temporary quarters for visiting scholars, and the site of a library and archive.
stars Dwyane Wade, Carmelo Anthony and Chris Paul spoke out in a joint speech for “uniting communities” and ending violence.
“We won’t use the term Rohingya because Rohingya are not recognized as among the 135 official ethnic groups,” said Mr. Kyaw Zay Ya, who was at the meeting.
You don’t get to have a puppy and not pick up the poop.
So you’re going to have to step up because somebody’s going to do it, and you’re going to want it to be you.’ “That’s how it worked out — not because I said it was going to work out — these guys are true difference-makers and they proved it.” Cashman can only hope he is as prescient in how the trades will turn out for the Yankees.
Mr. Reed avoids the TV news route, employing quiet interviews with victims, witnesses and responders and raw firsthand footage.
And he noted the support that precinct squads got from centralized units focusing on robberies, gangs or grand larcenies, for example.
Lawmakers, including Richard Durbin of Illinois, the second-highest-ranking Senate Democrat, and Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration , have proposed revisions to visa laws to include measures allowing former employees to contest their layoffs.
Our sons get a bazillion messages through group chats and then complain about hitting monthly data limits.
Japan’s Nikkei 225 closed 0.1 percent lower and the Hang Seng index in Hong Kong picked up 0.2 percent.
He’s seen them go.” But Mr. Nembhard wants children to have a lifelong relationship with libraries, which, he said, offer much more than books, including free wireless modems they can use at home during the school year.
Kalashnikov-pattern rifles are ubiquitous in conflict zones.
He was a fast, agile, broad-shouldered man who had little problem competing with players who were much younger than him.
everywhere,” said Frank Gens, IDC’s chief analyst.
For mountain bikers, who caught wind of the trail early on and now make up the vast majority of its 15,000 annual users, the wait was worth it.
All rulings will be made by July 18, when Olympic entry lists are scheduled to be completed.
Tim Lanza, the archivist for Cohen Film Collection, acquired the original film print, which had been rescued from a lab by the University of California, Los Angeles Film and Television Archive.
In April, nearly half of the families found to be eligible for shelter had applied at least once before, which means that their children may have been drawn out of school again and again.
Military skirmishes between Pakistan and India occur with distressing frequency in Kashmir.
In Poland, the right-wing government is already locked in bitter disputes with the European Union over freedom of speech and the rule of law.
safety Darren Sharper was included this week on the Pro Football Hall of Fame nomination list.
is willing to be with its race schedule, and how many Eastern resorts will volunteer to take on the risk and substantial expense of hosting an event.
Selections from the transcript of the deposition highlight the knowledge and insight Ms. Mills had about Mrs. Clinton's electronic communication practices.
“It’s a cemetery.” By Monday, the vendors had disappeared, presumably asked to move by the Chinese theater.
“Finra not only can but should resolve intra-industry disputes,” the lawyers argue in a letter this week to the Finra chairman, Richard G. Ketchum, and others at the agency.
Candice Millard’s third book, “Hero of the Empire: The Boer War, a Daring Escape and the Making of Winston Churchill,” would make a fine movie, though Richard Attenborough did, in a sense, get there first.
Mr. Brooks was accused of misleading investors about the company’s finances.
(Chinen) ★ Vanguard Jazz Orchestra: 50th Anniversary (through Monday) Almost exactly half a century ago, the trumpeter-composer-arranger Thad Jones and the drummer Mel Lewis began their Monday-night big band residency at the Village Vanguard, establishing what became a hallowed tradition.
team had played a home game on the Saturday before the big game just twice.
The approach compresses all the bits that make up those photos and does location calculations on a simple hand-held computer — something that would normally require pinging a data network over the internet.
“I know we’ve been working on this very hard, and we’ve done everything possible,” he recalled saying.
Moreover, the warehouse’s location, immediately adjacent to the planned site of the tank, would have less impact on the area and the street, Mr. Timbers said.
The euro inched up to $1.1218 from $1.1212.
“It’s a completely new paradigm” that offers “significant savings,” said Dr. Bruce W. Austin, the dental director of the Oregon Health Authority .
“It’s one of those things now where I’m watching a men’s game and think they should call a timeout and advance, but they can’t.
Eiko, whose own work deals vividly, sometimes mournfully, with slowness and stillness, brings out the best in her colleagues.
The man who once held back Turkey’s trigger-happy security services has now given them carte blanche.
The mush that flows through eliminates the taste of food and the social interaction of hand feeding.
It’s being described as a terrorist attack.
Mr. Reinecke had told reporters several months earlier that he had discussed Sheraton’s proposal with Mr. Mitchell in May.
The questions, on everything from climate and nuclear energy to vaccines and science education , are great and answers range from vexing to exciting.
As we came closer to our destination, the Palace Bridge, the crowd grew to hundreds, then thousands.
Southern congressmen opposed taking in even the most desperate refugees from Europe as vehemently as Trump supporters wish to exclude Syrian refugees today.
According to his letter, Mr. Berlin was told that he was being transferred immediately to the Office of General Counsel — a position for which he was not qualified — and would no longer have anything to do with the athletic commission.
“And you can tell that he knows his place.
Molded sport slides or encrusted kitten heels clickety-clacked up a metal ramp in discordance.
They have spoken at great lengths on conference calls about the need for consolidation among railroad operators.
— Senator Ted Cruz For the four Republican presidential candidates relegated to the “undercard” debate, it was a final chance to make an impression before the Iowa caucuses.
Teva, based in Israel, sees itself as a sort of hybrid and wants a place at PhRMA’s table based on the fact that its brand-name drugs generated more than $6 billion in revenue in the United States last year — more than the comparable figure for some PhRMA member companies.
Even Ramsay, the sociopathic monster we’ve come to know and loathe, showed a bit of what almost seemed like actual human emotion and heartbreak.
Mr. Eschenbach, who will step down from his current position as music director of the National Symphony Orchestra in Washington at the end of the next season, can be uneven .
Since the Hollande government introduced the bill in March, hundreds of thousands of people have marched in protest across France, clashing violently with police at times.
“Think of it from a courage perspective: I can go in and I am going to ask questions that are truly, honestly aimed at increasing my understanding of where he or she is coming from,” Dr. Cuddy said.
So it was Tuesday night that in the fifth inning, Pineda stood on the infield grass behind the mound, his hands on his hips and his gaze toward the roof of Chase Field.
My first thought upon seeing them was the infamous photo of Emmett Till in his coffin and his mother’s words, “I wanted the world to see what they did to my baby.” That was 1955.
On Monday morning, Ahmad’s nephew, Nabih, died of complications from a bone marrow transplant in a modern hospital with a beautiful Mediterranean view in Antalya, southern Turkey.
One journalist, Peter Julius Moi, was shot dead in the capital, Juba, in June, only days after Mr. Kiir threatened to retaliate against journalists who reported “against the country.” Another journalist, Joseph Afandi, who had written articles critical of the government, was hospitalized this week after being abducted, beaten and burned, then dumped near a Juba graveyard, according to the local news media.
“Almost all of my clients are cash buyers.” Both local and foreign buyers should retain a local lawyer to advise on the sales contract and investigate the property title, according to Mr. Truss.
This reflects not only the ascendancy of Mr. Rouhani’s centrist faction, whose priorities are not civic empowerment or human rights so much as diplomatic and economic re-engagement with the world.
Your basement did have mold.
Yes, the four fuzzy, somewhat unsettling creatures from the 1990s are back in a series that began May 30 on Nick Jr.
I personally appreciated the book’s comprehensive and entertaining section on “backshift,” when the emphasis on a word travels from, say, “hot-DOG” to “HOT-dog.” In Britain, the history of backshift is a bit more complicated — but it enrages me when people in British historical dramas say “CIG-arette” when at the time they would have said “cigar-ETTE.” I mentioned McWhorter analogies.
By this standard, Mr. Friedlander’s prodigious and graceful images are eminently generous to their subjects, representing them in their full humanity and self-possession, in a world too often committed to their silence and invisibility.
In a significant change, that conclusion was deleted from the final study.
People who donated to establishment Republican candidates in the primary season are more likely to give money to Hillary Clinton than to Donald J. Trump.
It may well take years to tabulate the full damage Samsung’s discontinuation of the Galaxy Note 7 will have on the company’s brand.
Politicians have no idea how to do this — they don’t have a clue.” But Mrs. Clinton’s team has hoped to portray Mr. Trump as a dangerous “con man,” as Democrats have said for days, whose self-interest clashes with the reservoir of populism he has tapped into.
“I shed a tear,” Kim Monteith said as they walked toward the stadiums amid a sea of fellow supporters.
In the course of a day, depending on the weather and the light, that aluminum skin turns every shade of that color.
Girardi said he had lifted Nova because Reddick, Danny Valencia and Stephen Vogt, who had the four hits off him, were among the first four batters due in the sixth.
His interest in clouds started early.
The last commutation to life in prison occurred nine years ago, when Gov.
So these differing stories of American opportunity create a telling distinction between them.
It is used in the Chinese medicine industry, but it is illegal in cooking.
“The current contract prices reflect the new market,” Mr. Miller said, “not the one established several years ago,” when many new high-rises were little more than holes in the ground.
I’ve had a great time going around the city in the last couple of days, meeting new people, seeing old people and I just urge everybody to go vote.” After voting, Mrs. Clinton made a quick dash to Washington, D.C. to deliver a speech and Mr. Clinton headed to a phone banking office in White Plains, N.Y. to greet volunteers, many of whom shared stories of either working for the Clintons or previously meeting them.
“He used to bully people.” Still, neighbors said he could be jovial and bighearted when he was sober.
And he manages to wreak havoc on everybody around him in the process.
He assumed a Hebrew name but he was never able to get rid of his Yiddish accent.
“Anomalisa,” written by Charlie Kaufman (who directed with Duke Johnson), provides a profoundly unsettling experience.
But Veblen believed that once we recognized how trapped we were by these ancient institutions, we could be set free.
On your Android phone or tablet: 1.
Trump said the ban would be lifted when Muslims and other immigrants can be screened “perfectly,” but that will never happen, and Trump has to know that.
Independent lawyers say that is true even in cases in which witnesses have nothing to hide.
Greece knows that the democratic idea is stubborn.
Through ever larger and more complex alliances and global institutions that the United States designed, Washington has sought the global standardization of rules in trade, finance and international relations.
The deployment in Seongju will allow the Thaad system’s interceptor missiles to protect from half to two-thirds of the country from North Korean missiles, the ministry said.
“The X-Files” is one of several revivals that Fox is planning.
Bush, and Judge Collyer of the Federal District Court was appointed by former President George W. Bush.
That is because Mr. Libous died after he filed his notice of appeal, but before it had been adjudicated.
“So I would just say there are problems in every game,” he said.
“You look at the guys that didn’t make it.
Kevin Hayes and Mats Zuccarello also scored for the Rangers, who lead the N.H.L.
Rex Ryan says he is as comfortable working with his brother as he is with any of his longtime assistants, including Dennis Thurman, who stayed on as defensive coordinator.
First up is Pam Tanowitz with “Sequenzas,” a new work that furthers her keen deconstruction of ballet, drawing on myriad influences from a wide swath of dance history (Tuesday, Wednesday and Oct. 1, 0:45).
At these times, he would come close to crying, and he would withdraw to be alone.” Today at Guantánamo Bay, the Caribbean landscape is reclaiming the relics of the American detention system.
How these desires map onto companies like Google and Facebook is clear, given their strong roots in philanthropy and innovation.
April 7 at 3 p.m. Free.
Once part of the estate of the merchant Frederick Philipse, it was incorporated as North Tarrytown in 1874, four years after the incorporation of Tarrytown.
says | Ted Cruz wins on the Republican side | Our Iowa results page Donald J. Trump on Tuesday seized on a feud between the campaigns of Ben Carson and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas over whether the winner of the Iowa caucuses helped depress the vote for the retired neurologist in the state on Monday night.
Last year, two major supplement makers, GNC and Nature’s Way, said that that they would implement strict new quality control procedures like the use of advanced DNA testing to authenticate the plants used in their herbal product lines.
Americans are used to seeing slavery as a weighty subject for weighty works (“ 12 Years a Slave ,” “Beloved”).
“There comes a time when I — and you — can no longer remain neutral, silent,” said Burns at Stanford last Sunday, the morning we all awoke to news of the slaughter in Florida.
It is unknown how many of these meetings were held, how much documentation of the speeches has survived and which attendees had only recently escaped from enslavement.
Non-animal alternatives are required, and we should be focusing more attention on developing them.
The couple met at Loyola University Maryland, from which they graduated.
That was another theme in 2016.
“Tetrazzini tweaks a memory muscle,” McDonald said.
I still have it in me.
The Council had taken five informal polls over the last few months, but there was no way to distinguish how the five veto-wielding permanent members had voted.
NYT » What Happened When Venture Capitalists Took Over the Golden State Warriors | After racking up a historic N.B.A.
In recent years, venture capitalists, private-equity investors and hedge-funders have been acquiring N.B.A.
In that statement, Mr. Manafort, who was removed from day-to-day management of the Trump campaign on Wednesday though he retained his title, denied that he had personally received any off-the-books cash payments.
“The pictures online were so impressive,” Dr. Mak said.
Still, people are blowing past the obstructionists.
“The doctor gave me the option to terminate the pregnancy.” But, she said, “I couldn’t do that.” Their daughter, Alainah, is now 15 months old, but her development is uncertain.
Brent Burns and Tomas Hertl also scored for the Sharks in their first postseason game since losing four straight to the Kings in 2014, completing a seven-game flop in the first round.
The Equity Alliance, which promotes diversity and equality in architecture, published an open letter to Mr. Ivy, writing, “Please recognize that, in word and in action, you perpetuated our profession’s white male privilege.” In his video apology, Mr. Ivy called his initial statement “tone deaf.” He and Mr. Davidson announced that the American Institute of Architects would hold live events and listening sessions across the country in the coming months to promote dialogue.
“The Atchley case highlighted the abuses and caused the system to be changed,” he said.
That’s how you make money,” he said.
A 2011 Houston Police Department report on a shooting by Officer Jose Coronado, Jr. After being asked at the bar’s 2 a.m. closing time to leave, Officer Coronado, who had consumed several drinks, tried to take his beer with him, according to court records.
We also saw her tabulating her kills — she’s at 18 or 20, she said Sunday — and perhaps reconsidering her hostility toward Morgan, who’s unyielding sense of morality has been a counterpoint and source of friction.
When the Oregon program was being debated, it was projected to cost the state just over $750,000 over the course of two years.
Over all, Brexit led in just four of the final 11 pre-election surveys — enough to give Remain a 0.5-point lead in the HuffPost Pollster average .
The vice-presidential debate will be held at Longwood University in Farmville, Va.
Mr. Trump’s remarks drew rebukes from many Republicans, including Mr. Ryan, Mr. McCain and Ms. Ayotte, and set the course for the next few days.
A statement from Mr. Trump’s transition office early Tuesday brought to an end his public and chaotic deliberations over the nation’s top diplomat — a process that at times veered from rewarding Rudolph W. Giuliani, one of his most loyal supporters, to musing about whether Mitt Romney, one of his most outspoken critics, might be forgiven.
What Rules Would You Like to See Changed in Your Favorite Sports?
She exuded an upbeat embrace of the next stage of a battle against Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, which is shaping up to be more difficult than anticipated.
Humans may be quick to judge, but only one horseshoe crab can ultimately gauge the loveliness of another.
It does not help that Mrs. Clinton lacks her husband’s panache, one of their many stylistic differences.
_____ • World leaders are discussing trade and the incoming administration of Mr. Trump at the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meeting in Lima, Peru.
When I mentioned to Goodell that ‘‘The Membership’’ would be a good name for a reality-TV series (also for a Mafia movie, though I did not mention that), he said: ‘‘Oh, you could have a real good reality-TV show in our owners’ meetings.’’ Unfortunately, I was not allowed inside, and neither were any of the 200 or so media types who descended on this Membership huddle.
Mr. Peltz, who took a seat on Mondelez’s board in 2014, had been pushing for a merger between PepsiCo and Mondelez, and then a spinoff of its snack operations with Mondelez’s.
But the leaders of that government have struggled to extend their influence against hard-liners.
“So from then, we started talking,” Mr. Diallo said with a smile.
The coach, Luis Enrique, told reporters over the weekend that he has stats that tell him that this Barcelona team is nowhere near as tired as it was last season.
He was released from state prison in 2014.
Rabia Khatun, 38, had made the long bus journey from Khajuri Colony, on the outskirts of the capital; she represents a domestic workers union.
In Turkish, they said Syria and Morocco and winked at me.
Other dogs at the Animal Recovery Center had been starved, beaten, stabbed or shot.
In “Fools Are Everywhere: The Court Jester Around the World,” the scholar Beatrice K. Otto describes the court jester as the only person who could speak truth to power without consequences.
To receive it in your inbox, register here .
To visit Sana’s main pediatric and maternity hospital, we had to get permission from its new “director,” a Houthi in a robe and plastic sandals who allowed that his sole qualification was a diploma in nursing.
Many explanations have been offered for Ms. Joplin’s self-destruction.
With his eyes blinking and twitching nervously, Evan has trouble conducting even the most minimal conversation without somehow twisting himself into a pretzel of self-doubt.
Vogue.com posted the list of 23 semifinalists for this year’s LVMH Prize; among them are Caitlin Price , Aalto , Koché , Y/Project , Alyx, Alex Mullins and Vejas .
OVERDRAFT PRACTICES GUT BANK ACCOUNTS | Millions of Americans are being tripped up by overdraft practices that remain largely untouched by financial regulation, Michael Corkery and Jessica Silver-Greenberg report in DealBook.
(Bring a sweater, even if it’s 100 degrees outside.)
“He’s worked for three different general managers and learned something from every one of them,” Alderson said.
“I honestly used Joshua to expose the terrible ongoing effects of the genocide today,” Mr. Rukun said.
The idea that addiction should be treated as a health issue instead of a crime has gained currency as heroin has spread from inner cities to the nation’s suburbs, rural outposts and the white middle class.
A larger challenge: How long will the market for ethnically specific senior housing and programs last?
Its leadership has been unable to agree on how to share the burden of migration or to stabilize the Greek economy .
(Mr. Evans will lead an expanded edition of the group — adding Mazz Swift on violin and Levy Lorenzo on percussion — at 6 p.m. on Sunday at the Fridman Gallery in SoHo.)
The pendulum swung back so far the other way that the next guy who was elected president offered hope and change, but all a lot of people saw was that he, for a while, wasn’t wearing a flag pin.
To be sure, much has changed for the better since 1972, when breast-feeding by American women reached its nadir of 24 percent.
Along the way, there are encounters with somnolence-themed animals (Sleepy Snail, Heavy-Eyed Owl) whose pulverizingly dull soliloquies on the topic of tiredness serve to prepare Roger, and thus your child, for the final somniferous encounter with Uncle Yawn.
“This is undefeated Fidel, who summons us with his example and with the demonstration that, yes, we could; yes, we can; and, yes, we will be able to overcome any obstacle, threat or turmoil in our firm commitment to build socialism in Cuba,” Raúl Castro, the president, said during an address to a large gathering in Santiago on Saturday night.
Best to say that each team has proven it can hang with the other — something that was by no means assured at the outset.
The news comes amid questions about the evidence that the Arizona Department of Public Safety said links Mr. Merritt to the crimes.
Early in “ The Rolling Stones Olé, Olé, Olé!
Anti-Chinese riots that broke out after China parked an oil rig in waters claimed by both countries “did some damage to the Vietnamese reputation and investment environment,” said Le Hong Hiep, a visiting fellow at the ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute in Singapore.
“It would call into question America’s leadership in this vital region.
Together forever: With less than two months to go until “UnReal” unveils a new season, this scripted web series — the network’s first — follows Faith (Breeda Wool), who came out in Season 1, and her girlfriend, Amy (Malea Mitchel).
This is not a metaphor about how hard it is to operate outside our two-party system.
(Kenny) ★ ‘SAUSAGE PARTY’ (R, 1:29) In this metaphysical-quest narrative, a young hot dog (Seth Rogen) discovers that all of his most cherished beliefs are false and tries to enlighten his fellow groceries.
So … (maybe) see you on the 22nd!
This book, I think, is a beautifully written botch, and it has me wondering anew about truth.
Not every building inspires its own chair.
Would it be possible, though, to have bike sharing, beer gardens and former navy yards turning out chocolate truffles without the plummeting crime rates American cities have enjoyed over the past two decades?
The second is that the negotiating table should somehow be enlarged to include other voices — such as mayors, environmental groups or labor leaders.
And so the Cubs will return to Chicago with some momentum in the series, one that has had not only its share of plot pivots but a consistent dose of gamesmanship.
In Jordan and Lebanon, a vast majority of Syrian refugees live below the national poverty line.
Mr. Perry is certain to receive pressure to resume low-yield underground tests to ensure that existing weapons will function, and to help create new bomb designs, which have been off-limits in the Obama administration.
Would it touch off street protests in Palestinian cities or a backlash among Arab allies like Egypt and Saudi Arabia ?
He died in 2009 after having been denied essential medical care in prison, earning the Kremlin widespread condemnation.
Newly established craft beer breweries have helped establish a nascent night life scene.
The three men charged in the case — Patrick Stein, Curtis Allen and Gavin Wright — were longtime Kansans who lived and worked about an hour’s drive from Garden City.
To convey the continuous crisis this community of knights is enduring, Mr. Laufenberg chose to set the story not in the libretto’s Gothic Spain, but in a place where Christianity feels under threat.
She directed her last film, the interracial romance “ White Heat ,” in 1934 and died five years later.
In other words, a chef who knows a lot about what actual French people are eating in 2016 has decided to summon a long-closed Manhattan restaurant that gave many Americans their ideas about French cuisine in the last four decades of the 20th century.
“We knew when the draw came out it would go down to the wire, and that’s what we have now,” Klinsmann said.
Dr. Eliav Barr and Paul Matthew Koulogeorge are to be married Sept. 4 at the Calistoga Ranch in Calistoga, Calif., by Dr. Brian Keith, a friend of the couple who was ordained by the American Marriage Ministries to officiate.
8 on the Billboard country chart and has sold more than 180,000 copies.
He was the alpha ace.
With more screen time and less freedom to play outside unsupervised, there’s also a concern that many children may have a lower chance of developing and practicing many motor skills (other than swiping and clicking).
And Quine has played golf with the Hall of Fame defenseman Denis Potvin, an Ottawa native who captained the Islanders to four straight Stanley Cups from 1980 to 1983.
Yet Republicans in Congress are refusing to appropriate the money needed to respond to this crisis.
Ms. Lake said that she found Mr. Kool intriguing, especially after learning that he had transferred to Stanford after studying law for a year at the University of California, Berkeley, and that he played bass guitar for a rock band in Grand Rapids called Law Dispute.
From Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the only member of the Republican leadership in either chamber who had disavowed Mr. Trump, to Representative Scott Garrett of New Jersey, who is in a difficult re-election fight, the lawmakers contorted themselves over Mr. Trump.
Just past the bridge on the right is a colorful mural outside the Williamsburg Music Center, which showcases the local jazz scene.
— David Villarreal, 24, from Monterrey, Nuevo León.
But the case of Abakan Air in Syria is unusual because Russia is a combatant in a conflict that the United Nations has tried and failed to end.
In 53 starts for Buffalo, Fitzpatrick was known as a solid quarterback whose downfall was the cringe-worthy fourth-quarter interception.
What was the magnitude of each earthquake?
He was driving out of the “yes” meeting in his car when he spotted Phillips leaving separately on his Vespa.
And, more often than not, the television commentators don’t make things any easier.
China’s largest internet companies are the only ones in the world that rival America’s in scale.
Lundqvist said the Rangers had to find ways to win games in different ways.
Trans friends who had called for appointments were challenged by receptionists who assumed that a deep voice meant they did not belong.
… The president of the United States talks about how great it is to commit adultery.
Kusama is enamored of the house — “The Glass House that I love encourages life,” she told T, in her trademark cheerful-elliptical way — and “Dots Obsession” transforms the structure inside and out.
She doesn’t oversell the pain Claire is dealing with.
Jenkins, a junior, just stood there, hands raised to the sky, preening.
In the ancient story, Antigone’s brother Polyneices has been killed while trying to overthrow the city of Thebes.
The squat building that housed Paz, a popular taqueria, was razed to make way for a condominium in what is now one of the densest residential intersections in the city; the tacos are now being sold from a food truck.
“Time’s of the essence,” Cashman said as Rodriguez took batting practice a few steps away.
I asked them four questions.
Manuel A. Cruz, an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark, performed the ceremony at the Cathedral Basilica of the Sacred Heart in Newark.
Mr. Landgraf, who unveiled the numbers at a Television Critics Association media event in Beverly Hills, Calif., on Tuesday, said he believed that by next year there could easily be 500 TV shows, pointing specifically to the huge growth at Netflix, which he said had 71 original adult scripted series that were either currently available on the service or had been announced.
The pubs were open late.
But to see them in tandem is to experience two influential minds locked in fierce dialogue about the social imprisonment of women.
The cause was cancer, said her agent, Perry Kafri.
He envisioned a swing set in back for his 2-year-old son, and a detached garage.
• An illustration last Sunday with an article examining the handwriting of five playwrights, including Kirsten Childs, included conflicting examples of her signature.
She lifted him into her arms.
Rather, the authorities suspect that it was caused by Aqueous Film Forming Foam, a firefighting substance used on military bases nationwide.
While the diamond mine has provided some employment, most of the community of about 2,000 people survives by hunting moose and caribou in the surrounding bog-like muskeg or by fishing.
An experience that allows you to have and remember a wild vacation simultaneously, with both romantic promise and retrospective regret.
During his presidential run, Mr. Cruz frequently joked of finding “slightly different government housing” for Mrs. Clinton if he won the presidency, adding that Democratic debates might soon be held at Leavenworth, Kan., where a federal penitentiary is located.
Nadal’s big edge over Federer is a result, in part, of so many of their duels taking place on clay.
SAG HARBOR “The Last Baymen of Amagansett,” photography by Michael Ruggiero Jr. July 12 through Sept. 19.
The sale, for $483 million, brought Salomon partners an average of $7.8 million.
Carlo Mastrangelo was born in the Bronx on Oct. 5, 1937.
“Hifter is sitting on the fence, waiting to see if Serraj can control Tripoli,” said Mr. Toaldo, the analyst.
The suspension was supposed to last 72 hours.
But staying true to his behind-the-scenes nature, he requested that their wedding be “a low-key affair,” so low in fact, that even Mr. Clinton did not receive advance notice.
The report drew no conclusions and made no analysis, Terry Williams, a board spokesman, said.
In that interview, he disputed the idea that a Spanish-language artist like him could not find mainstream success in the United States.
A few weeks ago, while we were all looking the other way, the triennial survey comparing the world’s educational systems came out.
As with Australia’s Bondi Beach, site of the beach volleyball competition at the 2000 Sydney Games, Knapton and Olympics organizers decided that Copacabana’s sand was good enough.
Yet the president moved quickly to make his decree a reality.
How did you and Dylan continue your working relationship after “Dont Look Back”?
“While we support the freedom of expression on our campus, we also have to keep in mind that there are symbols that have very specific and negative meanings to everyone, especially if context is not provided.” The university said in a statement on Tuesday that the student did not intend for the project to have anything to do with race or sexuality.
Five years from now, will the networks have taken the steps they need to prevent Netflix from dominating television?
The company denied that at the time.
I don’t know why it fits me so well.
In “A Moment of Silence,” about the forces that led to Mr. Morales’s winning three terms and the fate of his promises, we hear little from him, except in his speeches.
Vania King, after losing to Serena Williams, 6-3, 6-3, compared the feeling of playing beneath the closed Ashe roof to being inside an airport terminal.
Chris Christie of New Jersey, stood behind him, seeming somewhat uncomfortable at times.
The last two nights have seen lows of 47 degrees, the coldest temperatures recorded in the city since mid-May.
But when her children rejected them, an affordable dish became a financial burden.
Mr. Kerry said he raised the 22-year sentence given to Lt. Nadiya V. Savchenko, a Ukrainian military helicopter pilot convicted this week by a Russian court of complicity in the deaths of two Russian journalists.
Slowly, and with snow tires, the refugees are adapting to their new lives.
It’s rarer, and it’s rarer that families sit down and watch anything together.” Ms. Holland said she thought this was partly because of the growth of darker dramas and unconventional comedies, as well as the rising number of cable networks.
Children can lower their eye contact, turn their backs or look in the other direction when the other child is approaching, Ms. Nair says.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. instead.
“He’ll always be alive in our hearts,” said Tierria Leonard, who had two children with Williams, Jaelyn, now 14, and Darius, 17.
In an interview on Monday, Tom Andriola, chief information officer of the University of California system, said after the medical center attack the system administrators had to “move swiftly” to insure against similar breaches.
The club’s American owners have not succeeded at hiring either managers or top players since both Ferguson and the club’s chief administrator, David Gill, both left at the same time three years ago.
She does poorly among some of Mr. Sanders’s core supporters, such as young people and independents.
Yet in doing so, I acknowledged my capacity and my limits in matters of love.
But I imagine he already pre-ordered it.
The Keystone XL dispute lasted for years before it was blocked by the Obama administration.
425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, 212-967-7555, publictheater.org.
As in previous debates, Mr. Sanders also pulled some punches that he might have been able to land.
All the time, it’s fun.
Dr. Peter J. Jannetta, a neurosurgeon who as a medical resident half a century ago developed an innovative procedure to relieve an especially devastating type of facial pain, died on Monday in Pittsburgh.
But on Wednesday, lawmakers will be able to celebrate a rare bipartisan achievement on another issue.
Pei’s glass pyramid, was desolate early Friday morning, save for a few tourists taking selfies.
When not in use, the discs connect via the magnets to form a necklace of sorts.
“Somebody attacks me, oh, they’re gonna be shocked,” he warned last year.
Mr. Clem later retracted those assertions.
The movement, choreographed by Savion Glover, pays homage to dance styles of the era.
The sartorial strategy was nothing new.
It turned out some of those who voted did not register.
Yet by the last week, Theo had mastered his Torah portion, only stumbling over a word here and there.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Nassau County Museum of Art, 1 Museum Drive.
And what about your college years?
He refused to comment when asked whether he would concede in the event of defeat.
“Don’t react defensively,” says Laura Markham, author of “ Peaceful Parent, Happy Siblings .” Parents have to recognize that sometimes, no matter how logical the division of everything from elevator buttons to our time and attention seems to us, one child feels less loved.
The program’s opening weekend includes Godfrey Reggio’s Philip Glass-scored “Qatsi” trilogy, beginning with “Koyaanisqatsi” (7 p.m. on Friday).
Howland Cultural Center, 477 Main Street.
Since taking the defense secretary post in February 2015, Mr. Carter has set about dismantling discriminatory rules in the services, including opening all combat positions to women.
BARTIROMO: Governor Kasich... (APPLAUSE) ...
She worked at the Republican National Committee in 1984 as national voter contact director for the Reagan-Bush campaign and later as chief of staff to the chairman of the committee.
Then call 800-366-4484 yourself — it is the official number for the Treasury Inspector General’s hotline in Washington, but a spoofed version of those same digits may have been displayed on your Caller ID screen to feign legitimacy.
A day after sinking to its lowest level since May 2003, benchmark U.S. crude climbed $3.23, or 12.3 percent, to close at $29.44 a barrel in New York.
In that case, a criminal complaint unsealed on June 8 charged Norman Seabrook, the powerful head of the union that represents New York City correction officers, with honest services fraud and conspiracy .
I bring this up because in Seth Geltman’s New York Times Crossword debut (ably assisted by Jeff Chen), the BIG idea is very important.
“The family is in the main building.
Recruiters are shaking up college conversations, said Paul C. Kaser, a counselor at the Bergen County Academies, a public magnet school in New Jersey where nearly half the seniors are National Merit Scholars, finalists, semifinalists or commended students, and parents and students meet counselors with Excel spreadsheets in hand.
Their lawyer, Mohammed Yusuf Siddiqui, had rarely sat across his desk from such nervous clients.
The bill, known as the Financial Choice Act, which was proposed before Mr. Trump’s election, would substantially change the way banks are regulated under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act.
The article attracted fierce criticism almost immediately.
But since the referendum on June 23, Mr. Hurst increasingly has to explain the implications of Britain’s looming exit from the European Union, known as Brexit.
We got the runway clothes into the stores because they weren’t created just for the shows.
Though she has lost the ability to move, her brain still generates an increase in electricity when she thinks about doing so.
In a handwritten note on lined paper that bore his distinctly rudimentary signature but seemed written in someone else’s script, he requested that his lawyers be recalled, but only for the guilt phase.
The musical, which had a pre-Broadway run at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Mass., cost an estimated $20 million to develop and mount.
Ford gained 47 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $12.43; General Motors rose $1.90, or 5.5 percent, to $36.43.
“Funds and training associated with displaced workers at the federal level, state and local work force development programs, and community colleges all aim at the less-than-four-year-college jobs.” This postsecondary system is a valuable resource for older workers to tap when seeking new, less stressful opportunities.
Those who complain about the cost of college or worry that they haven’t saved enough for retirement would probably have made more money if they hadn’t been hobbled by loss aversion.
In the early 1960s, the Israeli government had been recruiting South American Jews — sponsoring families to populate the state.
“The Mexican government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States,” he said.
After federal approval, it entered the market in 1967.
Disclosing his returns might enable Mr. Trump to support one of his main claims on the presidency: that he’s a negotiator so skilled it has made him a billionaire.
Unlike his predecessor, Mr. Uribe, whose law-and-order toughness made him a popular two-term president, wholly embraced extradition as a drug crime-fighting tool.
• Lorelai’s and Rory’s complaints about Pat’s body at the beginning of “Summer” were bizarre and uncalled-for and offensive.
This is going to sound like the tech-nerd version of one of those first-person People magazine essays about surviving adversity: You don’t appreciate how much you need to see your hands until you can’t.
Last year’s Grey Cup averaged more than four million viewers.
“It changed my life,” he said in a recent interview in the bright, airy living room of the suburban ranch house here, where he now lives while going to college and working as an airplane mechanic.
She also said that as a young girl, her father told her that if she was going to think at all, she should “think big.” The speech was a sharp departure in tone from some of the earlier presentations at the convention — the first three nights were filled with thunderous oratory and chants of “lock her up!” about Hillary Clinton.
In fact, the nation’s leading scorer, Howard’s James Daniel III, stands 5-11.
The longer the conversation goes on, the more eccentric the robot becomes.
In more than half of the cases, the officers involved were in plainclothes, something residents said caused them to be misidentified as criminals.
I believe if you take care of the ocean, the ocean will take care of you in return.
You go from this to the refined purity of line and legato phrasing she shows in the Third Theme of “Temperaments,” and imagine the diversity that may lie in between.
Though typically one to five inches in height, last year a man in Kansas found a morel that was a foot tall.
“He understands this debate is very important for him,” said Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York, who is a senior adviser to Mr. Trump and is helping prepare him for Sunday.
Both men say there is no rivalry between them as they pursue different ways of engaging in politics.
Opponents of Mr. Groysman, who served previously as speaker of Parliament, greeted his election with shouts of “Shame!
It has to find a third alternative: limited but energetic use of government to expand mobility and widen openness and opportunity.
He fit right in at Mr. McGuane’s parties in Montana, where, he writes, “Men in boots and hats were smoking in the moonlight with sophisticated women.” He evokes the magazine-world heyday of lavish offices, drinks carts in the evening and expense-account hedonism.
Foreign investors get pretty good returns in China.
“They credit him as the person who would take the pressure and show the leadership so the reporters and editors who worked under him could go ahead and do their work.” Ms. Chan and the Ming Pao employees’ association did not assert that Mr. Keung’s firing was because of the publication of the Panama Papers story.
We stand with the victims of his policies, especially the families of murdered innocents.
Three members of the bodyguard unit of Cambodia’s prime minister, Hun Sen, were convicted on Friday of assaulting a pair of opposition lawmakers outside the country’s National Assembly in October.
But that’s not what makes us keep listening to a writer read — and certainly, William Carlos Williams’s voice would otherwise disincline us, sounding as it does like pots and pans crashing to the floor.
Wenner Media has said that it has enough insurance coverage to weather losses in Ms. Eramo’s cases and in another suit, filed in Virginia state court by the fraternity in the article, Phi Kappa Psi.
Republican leaders in other states watched California with alarm.
1:30 p.m. [Free] • A discussion of human rights in the age of terrorism , with Ivan Simonovic, the United Nations assistant secretary general for human rights, and others, at Fordham Law School on the Upper West Side.
The program scheduled at the Sag Harbor Cinema over the weekend was typically offbeat: It included a French film about a philosophy professor facing a midlife crisis and a documentary about a Dutch immigrant who turned an old plow horse into a show jumping champion.
But, in her brief appearance on ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday, Mrs. Clinton found herself defending her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state and reinforcing that she did not knowingly send or receive classified emails.
As baseball evolves, parts of it disappear.
I’m curious to see if this incident changes their approach to problems.
He had been irritable with reporters in recent days, sensitive to inquiries about retirement or the continuing N.C.A.A.
At one point, she lay on the court as ice was applied to her body.
“This government has lost the most important thing, and that is what we have today: the people,” said Henrique Capriles, a two-time presidential candidate and leader of the Primera Justicia Party.
An authentic clean energy revolution will take more than “fairly modest policy changes” and will require very substantial public and private investment.
With five bullpen spots spoken for — Chasen Shreve, who has not allowed a run, along with Andrew Miller, Dellin Betances, Mitchell and presumably Nova — two spots remain open for opening day.
But to experience it at Dia:Beacon along Minimalist works by other artists that encourage heightened perceptual attention to the here and now is as spiritually calming as it is historically illuminating.
Projects that raised more than $1 billion were practically nonexistent in the program before 2010, Prof. Jeanne Calderon of New York University’s Stern School of Business wrote in a March report on the program.
One attacker detonated soon after, at around 6:20 a.m., but the second attacker died before she could detonate.” Analysts and academics from afar were floating theories about the motivations and characteristics of these female bombers, most of whom in Cameroon, were no older than 15.
This year marks the centennial of Babbitt’s birth.
The party, he added, stands for patriotism, law and order, discipline in government and a strong military.
She is a onetime heir to the considerable fortune still generated by her husband Harold’s iconic invention, Amazing Live Sea-Monkeys.
On balance, these two shifts have canceled out — leaving Mrs. Clinton ahead by roughly the same margin as Mr. Obama was in pre-election polls from 2012.
I don’t know what every Muslim American was doing that day, but I can tell you what my family was doing.
fined the players on three teams $500 apiece, and the clubs $5,000, saying it had no problem with the players’ public “engagement’’ with difficult social issues but drew the line at violating the guidelines on team uniforms.
Ms. Cancela said that her union had not polled its members, but that both candidates seemed to enjoy support among them.
In her 2008 presidential campaign, Mrs. Clinton ran to the left of Barack Obama, angering some of her Wall Street donors with a 2007 speech in which she called for eliminating the so-called carried interest loophole, rolling back the Bush-era tax cuts on the wealthy, placing limits on chief executives’ compensation and imposing tighter regulations on derivatives.
They also worry about a more direct conflict between the United States and Russia, which began to use air power last fall to bolster Mr. Assad.
Q. You’ve thought a lot about political parties and the glue that holds them together.
Federal officials working with the Manhattan district attorney’s office have seized on the festival to orchestrate a series of daily raids that have netted more than a half-dozen antiquities that the authorities say were looted overseas, then smuggled out for later sale by auction houses or dealers.
The same thing with Putin: When Putin annexed Crimea, he told people, “You will return to Soviet Union.” And for a lot of people it sounded great, but in fact it was just a phrase, because in fact he doesn’t care about those people.
An extensive investigation by the Ways and Means and the Energy and Commerce Committees concluded that the administration plowed ahead with funding for a consumer cost-reduction program that was central to the new health insurance law even though Congress did not provide money for it.
Gentle enough for every day, it can be used on the entire body to deep cleanse and, thanks to olive oil and shea butter, hydrate.
One by one, Blakey’s fellow breadmakers straggle in.
Sensing his coming death, Mr. Zeidler confided to friends at Redeemer that he wanted to be remembered through “a place where people could gather for civil dialogue on the topics of the day.” One problem was that Mr. Zeidler was not wealthy enough to endow such a place himself.
was a dream come true.
The government has shut down organizations that helped foster Jewish rediscovery, prohibited residents from gathering to worship for Passover and other holidays, and removed signs and relics of the city’s Jewish past from public places.
Prisons are a staple of most of Francis’ trips, and so are meetings with workers.
Together, Mr. Dahlin and Mr. Wang registered their group in Hong Kong in 2009 but operated it in Beijing without “proper registration,” the Xinhua report said.
Here are edited excerpts from the conversation.
But then paper ran out, so someone went out to buy more.
The cars can cover 75 feet per minute and hook onto the track to take turns and can climb vertically, propelled by a geared wheel.
“The United States has always put a bandage on the politics while concentrating on security, not realizing that the politics is the source of much of the worry on the security front,” said Ramzy Mardini of the Atlantic Council, a Washington-based research institution.
Ms. Strober noted that there’s more of an uphill battle in getting fathers to take time off, even when it’s available to them.
But we have to make it through the next two hundred years first, and this will be a crucial time for humanity.
“When you see me sleeping with the dogs, I’m really in there with the dogs, in the dirt.
With rain said to be moving in, the bride, who is the director of operations for Blue Ribbon Restaurants in New York City, said that $2,000 worth of white umbrellas were ordered.
In Frederickton we slipped (undetected, we thought) into the back pew of a weatherboard church, where the congregants were singing hymns a cappella and by heart in what was approaching an Irish brogue.
Mr. Bush finished fourth in New Hampshire , behind Mr. Trump, Mr. Kasich and Senator Ted Cruz.
If this were a frat-house movie, then sure, you’d expect the preoccupation with crotches.
“We had all looked to the F.C.C.
This summer, federal regulators have stepped up pressure on loan servicers to treat their borrowers better.
The police and local residents found Ms. Colker’s body later in the woods.
And the chilly drama “Thirteen” is oriented around grief rather than horror.
Rattle, who has the intriguing distinction of being one of the most beloved conductors in the United States who has never led an American orchestra.
How important is that to Nascar going forward?
“I do whatever it takes,” he said matter-of-factly after proving it statistically and otherwise, including what to date is the series’ pivotal moment — James stepping over Draymond Green near the end of Game 4.
Do you ever get tired with the perception that the sport isn’t as good as it used to be?
You can also see the Headless Horseman and visit Jurassic Park while admiring the thousands of glowing, hand-carved jack-o’-lanterns .
The study, she said, shows that implicit associations affect how people judge someone’s competence in the sciences — in this case, genius.
After Michigan, Illinois and Ohio vote on March 15.
There aren’t enough good-paying jobs, especially for young people.
For example, the indictment traces a pattern of illicit disclosures by Mr. Davis going back to 2008, but the first loan from Mr. Walters was not made until 2010.
Most of all, he played a major and strategic role in the Civil War.
Charlie’s Chocolate Factory has found its Wonka.
After the dispute, Mr. Urmson decided to take the summer off and only recently decided to leave the company.
Performa hosted its fall gala on Tuesday at the Altman Building and honored the curator, art critic and poet Okwui Enwezor.
“The wisdom of making this a software-based, technology-enabled company allows them to scale and capture the revenue growth without having to grow head count at an equal rate.” Executives said they expected the merger to go through by the end of the year, when Mr. Birch said he anticipated his company would break even.
Now it is back to Yankee Stadium, one last time under the lights on the big Bronx stage.
The structure approximates a circle in a square: with a long slab roof along the front, a landscaped entryway and huge round courtyard, open to the sky.
A condo designed by Santiago Calatrava was supposed to rise at 80 South Street, a site about a half-block from 1 Seaport, before the recession killed it.
took similar action to halt the merger of two hospitals in West Virginia last November and joined state authorities to try to halt a deal in Pennsylvania in last December.
Stuck for most of the movie on a steam boat (the name of which gives this 1951 movie its title), a curmudgeonly captain (Bogart) and a prim missionary (Hepburn) plot a revenge attack against a German vessel during World War I.
Debates about whether and how to reduce drug prices aren’t new.
Her mother, a single parent, worked as a cashier, and she was raised by her grandmother in modest circumstances.
Which is a scary idea for many, even before you take recent events into account.
and 100 strikeouts in 94 ⅔ innings.
Sunland Park had been on lockdown since Jan. 21, when the first case was confirmed.
She said that vinegar should not be considered “a magic bullet” for weight loss or diabetes management.
That put the firm just behind Skadden and ahead of rivals like Sullivan & Cromwell and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.
The Philanthropy Roundtable offers another case study.
If you say, “I don’t care if Muhammad Ali was a Muslim or not, he was just great,” what you’re really saying is, “I don’t care about Muhammad Ali.” Same with Prince being black.
The Take Care Clause provides that the president “shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” It is a constitutional provision that the Supreme Court has hardly ever addressed directly.
CAPE MAY “Rodgers’ Romance,” revue of music by Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart and Oscar Hammerstein II.
A former correction officer on Rikers Island was convicted on Thursday of violating the civil rights of a seriously ill inmate who died after the officer kicked him repeatedly in the head while other officers pinned him facedown on the floor.
They might flare brightly, but they wear out their welcome over time.
At a cafe near the Parc des Princes a few hours before the match, a server approached several tables of fans of both teams and was summarily, but kindly, told, “No one in here speaks French today!” Political talk, much of it focused on Britain’s vote last week to leave the European Union, was largely put aside, save for a brief “Remain!” chant from Northern Ireland’s fans early in the match.
There I was, my mouth a naïve, gaping hoop of poor financial planning — and, below my face, a caption: “Hope your dad paid.” I hadn’t realized I’d been shot in that mid-cheer moment, but it didn’t bother me when I found out.
“From the first class, he’s the same Eli.” Last year, Mr. Reed started writing songs again, this time in an explicitly gospel vein, and recorded them using his own money, for an album, “My Way Home,” scheduled to come out in June.
In the center is an image of Lenin, and there are two doves, symbolizing peace — both common iconographical elements in East German monuments, Mr. Melching said.
The cause of death has not been determined, the medical examiner’s office said Wednesday.
Now, thanks to so much unwanted attention they will make him a star.
I imagine that only if mainland China grants freedom of the press will the publishing of books on Chinese politics really decline in Hong Kong.
What got you interested in bringing back Pee-wee?
The referendum on June 23, Mr. Gove said, is “the only chance” for Britons to have their say on the free movement of Turks.
It’s just not making much sense to talk about them,” he says.
As the crush of reporters following Mrs. Clinton became particularly intense, she said, “Guys, it’s supposed to be a private ballot” as the media scrum circled around her.
In one of the night’s most eye-catching moments, Lady Gaga sang snippets of 10 David Bowie songs in just over six minutes, beginning with “Space Oddity” — as digital effects provided by Intel made her face seem like an animated version of the cover of his album “Aladdin Sane” — and continuing through “Changes,” “Fashion,” “Let’s Dance” and “Heroes,” among others.
My restaurant, Dirt Candy , has been serving nothing but vegetables since 2008, but no matter how many articles I see about this being the Era of the Vegetable, most of the people I’ve met in the fine dining world who actually care about vegetables are journalists and their editors looking for fresh headlines.
The Mechanic used to have 10 fighting roosters of his own, but he had only two left.
Olympic golf will be a natural beauty.” Along the way, there were setbacks and logistical delays, including late paychecks, limited resources, equipment issues, environmental protests, bureaucratic roadblocks, debates over land ownership and a monthslong legal battle in which the builders were accused of violating environmental regulations.
And that should work to his advantage, because everything on the runway was from Mr. Ford’s fall collection, and all of it is now available in stores and online.
He was arrested this month in Brussels after a nearly five-month manhunt, and he was charged with participation in the activities of a terrorist group and terrorist murder.
What do you do when you’re not teaching or supervising?
It will also require the cooperation of state tourism officials who, at least so far, have failed to embrace the vision of Colorado as the Promised Land of pot.
1: “I guess the judge knows what he’s looking for.” The dogs were, like most show dogs, well behaved in the ring, helped along by the knowledge that their handlers had treats, like bits of beef, for motivation.
“That’s the one advantage that we have.” As an afterthought, he added that his son had enjoyed playing with some of refugee children who briefly stayed in town one year earlier.
Confetti was blasted into the air.
The exhibition includes a partial re-creation of a solo show he had in Barcelona in 1922, centering on a series of works on paper whose daunting variety makes explicit his refusal to commit.
And then we’ll see what happens.” The Wynwood area contains a mix of warehouses, restaurants, bars, galleries, and its housing ranging from low-income apartments to tony high-rises.
The smallest was a push mower (for “narrow detail,” Mr. Baker explained).
The money would be used to help fortify a stretch of shoreline from Montgomery Street on the Lower East Side to the northern tip of Battery Park City.
The management shuffle gave Rovi a chance to make its move.
Others will say, “Just curious,” and you can turn the page.
Listen to this week’s podcast | Subscribe: iTunes | RSS | Stitcher | Audioboom On this week’s popcast, Caetano Veloso, the great Brazilian singer and songwriter, talks about 50 years of music, history and politics.
But the team will be led by Jeff Sessions, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Mark Cuban, a guest of the Clinton campaign, posted a picture of his ticket — which does not include either candidate’s name — on Instagram .
Spin Master hopes to keep the excitement going well past the holidays, and promises that 2017 will bring new species of Hatchimals with more features.
It has been intellectually and culturally important to him, as the site of the Harlem Renaissance, which spanned the 1920s through the mid-1930s, and, in subsequent decades, as the nation’s pre-eminent setting for black cultural, political and social expression.
The marsh is beautiful and polluted; it has been a hunting ground for both animals and resistance fighters, a dump, a graveyard, the primordial sludge whence we all emerged and to which we must return — or in Esteban’s words: “the sole surviving nucleus of a timeless world that remains both fragile and forceful.” “On the Edge” is the culmination of Chirbes’s work, a dizzying survey of the last 90 years of Spanish history, his ninth novel published before his death this past August, and his first to appear in America in more than 20 years.
BARTIROMO: We — we want to hear from all of you on this.
Indeed, having once sat for his own portrait by Copley, Adams later rejected the result as a “Piece of Vanity” inconsistent with genuine republican virtue.
Beero Hosea, 37, a handyman, cut the power and helped carry frightened mothers through the rubble and water to a nearby school.
“They’ve been outstanding through the entire postseason, and you can see it,” Maddon continued.
Voters are decrying a “rigged economy” run by 1-percenters.
American officials have since softened their criticism and have encouraged the Chinese to finance projects with the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank as a way of ensuring what they consider acceptable standards of environmental and lending practices.
The law is expected to pass the House as early as Friday on a party-line vote, but Senate Democrats said they were still considering their options.
Could you provide some background on this scene?
“It basically takes an army of 30 people to protect one elephant,” said Maggie Q, who began her acting career in Asia.
Never mind that Mr. DiCaprio has upstaged himself multiple times this season, be it by meeting the Pope, or grimacing at Lady Gaga, or sucking away on his vape pen .
With the third quarter now completed, the Broncos are clinging to a 16-7 lead despite having not managed to do much of anything on offense.
The bank’s investments in marketing the new credit card offerings, which may pay off in the future, have increased short-term expenses.
Mr. Christie referred to Mr. Rubio in acid terms at a morning event, describing him as “the boy in the bubble” who had never faced a truly taxing political test.
No starter in this series has gotten an out past the sixth inning.
Free love comes at a cost, as the characters learn in this play by Miles Malleson at the Mint Theater, written in 1933, but only now enjoying its world premiere.
The erosion of some of its hardware and software products continues to be a drag on growth and profits, overshadowing the gains in the new fields.
The military is a very large organization employing everyone from supply personnel and drivers to cooks, chaplains and office workers.
That this must be your all-in focus.
“The U.K. will hang on to its permanent seat for dear life, just as Moscow did after the collapse of the U.S.S.R.,” said Richard Gowan, a Briton based in Brooklyn, who studies the United Nations as a nonresident fellow at the Center on International Cooperation at New York University.
“Try to imagine this chubby Indian kid with a slate sitting on the thousand-year-old stone floors of this gigantic temple, scribbling away, and then writing formulas on a shabby notebook, probably oblivious to everything going on around him.” To bring authenticity, Mr. Patel worked with a dialect coach to create a more easily understandable hybrid of his British accent and the thicker one of South India.
“The monitor is sending a message to a court that there are these few outlier towns and villages that are exclusionary,” Mr. Gurian said.
■ During the Republican primary campaign, Mr. Trump criticized the appearance of one of his opponents, Carly Fiorina, saying she was too ugly to be elected.
“Universal Collection: A Mark Dion Project,” visual art.
Think of the way Iran-contra or the Lewinsky scandals swallowed years from Reagan and Clinton.
(There was no sauce to speak of, just stir-fried onions and green chiles.)
A barfly-turned-writer who recites his stories at open-mike sessions in East Village bars, Mr. Giambri bills himself as the Ancient Mariner, being a Navy veteran and as relentless a storyteller as Coleridge’s salty narrator.
Under the agreement , newer call center employees would see their hourly pay increase gradually to $15 by the end of 2018.
As Mr. Gupta clashed with his bosses, he says, they began calling him and sending messages late at night and on Sundays, and he became depressed.
The project has prompted mounting opposition and legal challenges from industry experts, former government officials, local landowners, aboriginal communities and others who say Site C poses a risk to the environment and violates constitutionally protected indigenous rights.
Harvey had about 17 months of recovery and a full spring training before he pitched in a major league game, and he exceeded even the most optimistic expectations by throwing 216 innings last year.
He is playing double or nothing.” But Mr. Grunberg dismissed Mr. Macron’s strategy of presenting himself as an anti-establishment candidate.
He and his wife adopted three mixed-race children.
In the recent past, Mexican officials let migrants pass through their territory without harassment.
Also on board is a consultant, Michael Burbella.
WEST ORANGE Dave Cubie, abstract paintings.
And they must be part of our coalition to destroy ISIS and I believe we can get that done.
Along with Mum’s list, I’ll be praying for the health of a friend’s mother who is fighting cancer, and the continued happiness and health of my family and friends.
Reports showed that China’s exports fell by 1.8 percent in April from a year earlier and imports plunged 10.9 percent.
His position was weakened by real estate overreach: the purchase of a large plot of land in Paris on which he started building a workshop and two dwellings using a frightening succession of loans detailed in the catalog.
Sandra is kicking it off.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning .
You talked about in New Hampshire, Democrats would come up to you and say, “I hope you win.” Why will that help you win a Republican nomination?
On Tuesday, Mr. Carney extolled Churchill as “one of the greatest statesmen of all time.” When Mr. Carney’s predecessor, Sir Mervyn King, first announced plans for the new Churchill note three years ago, he mused that the new £5 notes could be eventually referred to as “Winstons” and said it was appropriate that Churchill should be on “what is probably our most popular note.” Churchill’s words — “I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat” — appear on the bill.
It’s like, every time I come across Donny and Marie Osmond on TV, I freeze, because I can’t believe what I’m seeing.
“I said, ‘If you don’t vote for Hillary, you’re out,’” she said, laughing.
This is a nice way of saying that there’s no possible way to wrangle all this material.
Mr. Kovacevich is credited as the architect of Wells Fargo’s intense push to “cross-sell” customers as many accounts and services as they could.
The new workers — teenagers, most of them — have been recruited from remote villages to help factories like this one meet the global demand for cheap garments.
And when some fail, as entrepreneurs often do, we should make sure that more than just the usual cast of familiar faces gets the chance to learn from that experience and try again.
The researchers asked Carles Lalueza-Fox , a paleogeneticist at the Institute of Evolutionary Biology in Barcelona, if he would be interested in extracting genetic information about malaria parasites from the blood.
The authorities gave this account: Mr. Burgess, selling MetroCard swipes outside the turnstile, took $1 from Mr. Velazquez’s daughter for a swipe.
“I’d rather take a long shot,” Mr. Gillette said, “than sell my morals.”
The agreement resulted from fraught negotiations after the February election, from which Prime Minister Enda Kenny of Fine Gael emerged without a majority.
Those incarcerated are unable to easily speak with their lawyers.
Like them, I had no idea until the 1980s what it meant to be disabled, that there was a history, culture and politics of disability.
Three other former Vanderbilt football players have been charged in that rape.
Her mother, also retired, was a teller with the Pearl River, N.Y., branch of Chase bank.
Lyme Art Association Gallery, 90 Lyme Street.
in 2010 and released a holiday soul album last year, will kick off the BRIC Celebrate Brooklyn!
The jihadists imposed a harsh form of Islamic law on the population and recruited local people, including Mr. Mahdi, to help them enforce it.
They have welcomed Trump’s nods toward unity, understanding that to reject them is to aggravate the dangers.
Arizona’s gregarious assistant coach is a Harlem native nicknamed Book.
“What I like is that it’s not a narcotic, has no street value, it’s not something going to be diverted,” Cummings said.
EAST HAMPTON “The Underpants,” comedy by Steve Martin.
The Hanneman deal was so bad that it emptied a deciding board seat.
Traditionally, however, they serve as a main course, so that’s how they are offered at the trattoria.
“They combine a mechanical expert from a university, a top computer vision expert and machine learning from Google as well as Gansha and his team of semiconductor experts.
Despair brings her and her estranged husband back together — not as a couple, but as parents unable to come to terms with the loss of their child.
While the United States has sought to differentiate the Syrian militia, known as the People’s Protection Units, or Y.P.G., from the P.K.K., the Turkish government has asserted that the two groups are one and the same.
And in sports, the N.F.L.
He will tell anyone who will listen about the conservative policy agenda he intends to pursue next year, in spite of the possibility that Mrs. Clinton might be in the White House.
These numbers differ starkly from what national data tells us.
So he agrees to take her, even though she is a hellion at the start.
Deron Williams scored 22 points, and Nowitzki finished with 18.
He didn’t need a temple.
Now, in the late 1990s, after decades behind a desk in Amsterdam, he has been sent back to Indonesia as Sukarno’s successor, Suharto, tries to keep his grip on power during the debilitating Asian financial crisis.
Never mind that profit isn’t legal grounds for bias.
This is a pipe dream wrapped in a quandary.
athletes’ commission, said, “I think I’m kind of a little conflicted.” In the 100 backstroke on Sunday, Coventry swam in the same heat as Russia’s Daria Ustinova, who served a doping ban and, like Efimova, won her appeal to be allowed to compete in the Games.
Mr. Díaz’s neighbors manufacture bricks, and the heat rolls off the land, dotted with cows and guava shrubs, like an oven’s breath.
In the past few weeks, Hillary Clinton discussed Flint’s plight in a nationally televised debate.
Two of the authors, who are former campaign staff members, confirmed the authenticity of the document.
(This is available for some international routes, too, but I’ve found the savings aren’t as consistent.)
No more than three or four Rangers fans joined in a chant for goaltender Antti Raanta after his first big save Sunday against the Devils — as if the rest of the crowd were a little afraid to hurt the feelings of the $9.5-million-a-year star goalie plopped on the bench, Henrik Lundqvist.
Then I fell in love, married, moved to Brooklyn and had a baby.
Specifically, when she thinks about bringing her right thumb and ring finger together, wires transmit a signal to a typing software.
In recent years, I have sometimes found it the single most beautiful dance form I’ve experienced.
General Ragai’s killing was the highest-profile attack against an army official since the 2013 military ouster of President Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood.
That mixture may then be formed into a ball, fried and soaked in rose water syrup, to create gulab jamun; simmered in a pot with carrots, to make a pudding called gajar ka halwa; or simply laid out to cool into fudgelike candy bars called burfi.
Whatever we think of the groom’s affair, I have no doubt that he told the best man about it confidentially.
Even so, the suspension was not lifted until the Gaza government had given back the supplies it was accused of diverting and had removed Mr. Baz from his post, according to a statement by the Israeli government agency that deals with civil affairs in the Palestinian territories.
We’re slowly preparing for that.” Our Legacy, 1 Silver Place, W1F 0JW, London, 44-207-7345374, ourlegacy.se
To the Editor: Re “ Obama in Vietnam Will Focus on Future, Rather Than the Past ” (White House Letter, May 16): While President Obama’s Vietnam visit may cause a flood of recollections of the war, little has been said about the recollections of the Vietnamese who defended their country.
“The workers always looked as if they wished this kid would go home to his sandbox.” While other boys were memorizing baseball statistics, he amassed newspaper clippings and articles on flags and wrote to obscure foreign consulates asking for precise information on colors, stripes and symbols.
In 1999, he led a team from Elan Pharmaceuticals that published a landmark report in the prestigious journal Nature.
The deals, which would create the second-largest broadband provider and third-largest video provider in the United States, now need approval from regulators in California.
retested the doping samples from London and Beijing, the past two Summer Games, focusing on athletes with a chance at competing in Rio, officials said this month .
How so many designers end up on the same inspirational page at the same time is one of those oddities of fashion, like the perennial re-emergence of drop-crotch trousers and hobble skirts, that can seem utterly incomprehensible from the outside.
One that was powered by Lobaton.
I would run the place but carry out what I thought were his wishes.” But in 1974, Mr. Carter, by then a Federal District Court judge, wrote a letter to Mr. Greenberg in which he asserted that the legal defense fund under Mr. Greenberg had tried to limit the participation of black lawyers in an observance of the 20th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education.
Thursdays and Fridays, 4 to 9 p.m.; Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m. Blue Door Gallery, 13 Riverdale Avenue.
When tenants represent themselves in court, they end up being evicted almost half the time.
“I think what he did was very distasteful,” he said.
The European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union, has attacked favorable tax treatments extended by member states like Luxembourg and Belgium to a host of multinationals.
From 1964 to 1966 he was director of graduate studies at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton.
But judged by the essays published in this collection, the comparison with Lu Xun, perhaps the greatest stylist in modern Chinese, is silly.
Poorer households did get a bigger raise, proportionally, than the rich did last year.
Other winners from the city included teams from Dalton (kindergarten through third grade and kindergarten through fifth), and Public School 116 (kindergarten through sixth grade “blitz” style).
“I always wanted to be in the company, and I was always hoping,” she said.
“He probably thinks he can do more for Montana and the country in that slot and he’s probably right,” Mr. Davis said, adding of the Senate race: “It would have been one of the biggest, toughest battles in the country and now I think Tester probably skates home free.” Mr. Trump also has not tapped a Democratic senator from a traditionally Republican state for his cabinet, a move that would have helped his party.
Many Iraqis feel that it was not the war itself that was the main problem, but the Iraqis who came to power with the West’s support and have since been widely blamed for the corruption and sectarianism afflicting the country.
A number of other technologies under consideration — including cooled exhaust gas recirculation, variable compression ratio and something known as the Miller thermodynamic cycle — might also reduce fuel consumption of turbocharged engines by 3 to 5 percent.
history to tie it at 35-35.
Black Swan makes barrels with a honeycomb design etched on the inside, which increases surface area and reduces a whiskey’s aging time.
Diplomats at the United Nations spent several months trying to come up with a comprehensive plan to address today’s flow of refugees and migrants, the largest since World War II.
– Donald J. Trump, on whether all Muslims hate the U.S. Decorum has stretched well into the debate, surprising even Donald J. Trump.
“I felt split in two,” she writes.
Though he held prominent positions in artists’ organizations, he did not take commissions and rarely sold his work, nor was he flashy, and those facts probably contributed to his obscurity today, Ms. Corbisiero said.
The cloistered shell of liberalism to the east and the infectious anger of the streets to the north never intersected, never touched.
Finally, the Haggler departed from his usual complaint-then-aid format in July by writing about streaming music services, with an appraisal of Apple Music .
Barkley appeared to injure his right leg in the third quarter and did not return.
Although Dr. Keltner took part in Dr. Ekman’s survey, the two are not in complete agreement on the number of core emotions.
But data from Expedia.com suggests that hotels are offering savings on packages, a strong indicator that hotels are giving great discounts, according to its spokeswoman, Sarah Gavin.
The wandlike devices have been used for years at Baghdad’s checkpoints and have been derided by a public angered by the government’s inability to protect its citizens.
Most people do not owe the payment at all because they have health coverage, such as Medicaid or employer-sponsored insurance, or qualify for one of many available exemptions.
Unlike Mr. Murdoch, Jonathan Harmsworth, the Fourth Viscount Rothermere, has a resolutely hands-off approach to his properties.
The ex-boyfriend, Herschel Ray Jones, 32, was taken into custody early Monday, Sheriff David Shaffer of Knox County said in a statement , The Associated Press reported.
In particular, they said, the existence of the tape had been publicly discussed in the news media, and by Mr. Bollea himself, for several months before Gawker posted the excerpts.
To have a person’s life in your hands takes incredible stamina, support and continuing professional training.
“But there’s always hope.” Updated at 4:51 p.m.
Auburn’s starting quarterback was banged up, and its star tailback went down, too.
“Gnomes & Goblins” is Mr. Favreau’s experiment with virtual reality, or VR.
But he was sort of outside the rules of The Times.
Eduardo Bhatia, the Senate president who is overseeing the hearings, said the power authority’s longstanding mission had been to bring development and prosperity on the island.
While the nature of the relationship between the two men is known only to a tight circle within the royal family, it is clear that Prince Mohammed bin Salman derives his power from his father, who is 80 and has had health problems.
” (2014) As the seasons changed during my elementary school career, so did my activities, which rotated in accordance with the local rec department’s sports leagues.
That’s fun, isn’t it?” If you are a commitment-phobe or habitually late to events, inshallah immediately provides you with an ambiguous grace period.
Santarelli’s mother, Ernesta, became fixated on the walnut-sized intaglios that she had grown up gazing at above the fireplace.
But Mr. Vershbow said the spirit of the enterprise was nothing new.
“Our defense,” he added, “has played really well the past three games.
His wife and daughter work as home health aides, and their schedules are opposite his.
What I want is to play as many as possible.
The top close to the west, there is a dry, frozen carcass of a leopard.
The fall season brings two new creations: a duet danced to solo violin by the German composer Reiko Fueting and a work, as yet untitled, to a commissioned score by Mr. Magloire’s frequent collaborator Michel Galante.
“She’s still looking to do the same thing, get deep in tournaments and play good matches,” Witt said.
Bruce Arena, the former national team coach, explained to the news media before that first game in Columbus that they were there, in part, because “a lot of places were blocked out” as potential hosts, “even by the X.F.L., of all things.” Columbus, then, was a natural alternative because the city boasted M.L.S.’s first soccer-only stadium, built to host the Crew.
It is the first time Barneys has carried a musician’s touring merchandise.
Mr. Perry and his lawyers had long denied any wrongdoing, saying that the threat to cut off state financing and his eventual veto of the money were lawful.
Once again, he’s got the political world buzzing, the pundits pontificating.
What Peter said is in some ways true: There’s no way to approach serious storytelling like this without addressing, or being spiritually linked to, this massive topic of what the black experience is.
“I felt as though the instruction manual to living in Switzerland had been written in invisible ink,” she writes early on.
A couple of standard grocery-store brands I tried had an oddly pronounced corn flavor that tasted almost artificial.
They’ve given out $140 million of bonuses to Veterans Department employees, including reducing the waiting lists, without giving veterans care.
On the other side of a small ridge, there was a shallow crater, and in the middle of it was my friend Eddie.
There’s no more time for us left to revive our great country.” Psychologists may wonder if he was projecting onto the country the shortening calendar for his own revival.
Because the athletes travel frequently, the consultations would be done via secure Internet video connections.
Teams that trailed after two periods were just 139-716-88.
As the album came to an end with lines about protecting his daughter from “the wolves,” he promptly asked for reviews.
system, and that we should restore to the people that vital power: to kick out their rulers at elections, and to choose new ones.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, this week called the bombing campaign by President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Mr. Assad “barbaric” and warned against any American attempts at reconciliation with Russia.
There’s also Jacob TV’s “Grab It!” for boombox and guitar, plus a saxophone quartet.
“I called the police,” Ms. Arcone said.
Prosecutors are seeking information related to the sale and, in particular, communications between SUNY and top City Hall officials or those associated with the mayor’s nonprofit group, Campaign for One New York, about the hospital’s fate, according to the subpoena, dated July 14 and described by an official who had seen it.
Both the Tigers (12-1) and the Buckeyes (11-1) averaged more than 40 points per game on offense and were in the top 12 in the F.B.S.
“I honestly believe in my heart that he’s going to protect Muslims who are not practicing jihad, and I believe he’d protect any other religions.
A crowd has already formed, and Ms. Drinkwater searches for clients from National Geographic.
The 2010 Modern Love essay is about a gay couple who finds a surrogate mother in a somewhat surprising place.
“Europe today is demonstrating its ability to mobilize to ensure the safety of European citizens,” Manuel Valls, the prime minister of France and a leading supporter of the law, said in a statement on Thursday.
The retail price for the standard two-pack has jumped nearly fivefold since 2010, hitting $608 this year.
Drug addiction is not restricted to the young.
As local election boards began rewriting their election plans to carry out the appeals court ruling, Republican leaders privately urged them in emails to limit voting hours and polling places in areas of heavy Democratic turnout.
The pound has plunged, which helps bolster the profit of companies like British American Tobacco that are based in the United Kingdom but do most of their business overseas.
No one doubts that with nearly 400,000 migrants passing through the country in 2015, Hungary was confronted with a huge challenge and that it has received little help from its European Union partners.
He was arraigned late Wednesday in a village court on a charge of second-degree murder.
But if you admire the hard-won truths of Mr. Spinelli’s story, you may feel that it’s gotten the Disney treatment.
Colors are rich and deep (the gorgeous wide-screen cinematography is by Luis Armando Arteaga), and the atmosphere is so tranquil that the whoosh of action in the final third is powerfully disorienting.
He employed a style he called “dream realism,” relying on haunting imagery, flashbacks, seeming hallucinations and other dislocating devices to bend his narratives in unexpected directions.
He was still at the airport more than 12 hours later.
In its annual holiday production for children 4 and older, written and directed by Randy Sharp, Axis Theater has adapted the story to feature a clever New York boy.
“We’re also surrounded by renowned artisans — woodworkers and upholsterers.
Last month, the group performed to a largely male audience at the refugee camp in Calais, France, known as the Jungle, where thousands of migrants, many of them from across the Middle East, had gathered in a desperate effort to cross the English Channel by train or vehicle.
At 2 p.m. (preshow activities start at 1), 566 La Guardia Place, at Washington Square South, Greenwich Village, nyuskirball.org.
To the best of our knowledge, Mr. Chowdhury has not been granted refugee status; therefore, he is not immune from extradition proceedings.
“The equity market has realized that the ‘Brexit’ in a vacuum by itself is not a reason to wholesale abandon equities,” said David Schiegoleit, managing director of investments for the private client reserve at U.S. Bank.
The dichotomy was really wild.
TIVOLI “Magna: The Working Large Show,” curated by Dana Matthews.
Earlier, both sides had agreed that the sculpture would remain with the Gagosian Gallery until the legal conflict is resolved.
Rather, Mr. Beatty pretty much managed — or micromanaged — the entire encounter.
It is “local and authentic,” the kind of local and authentic that deserves scare quotes because it is just as likely to be found in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, or the Shoreditch neighborhood in London.
“We were very good at making rocks,” Mr. Max said in a phone interview.
Verizon had initially predicted that the strike would not materially affect its financial position in the second quarter, but its chief financial officer conceded at a recent investor conference that the strike’s effect on installations could hurt the company’s performance.
Mr. Harrell describes it as “long-form journalism in a totally new form.” “It should have a kind of lush imaginative vitality to it — a kind of lyricism,” he said of the effect that he and Mr. Ben Khelifa have been working to achieve, polishing the project with the help of test viewers since introducing it to mainstream audiences in 2015 at the Tribeca Film Festival.
(Scott) ‘Joy’ (PG-13, 2:04) Jennifer Lawrence, at her tough, radiant best, plays Joy Mangano, an entrepreneur stymied by her family in David O. Russell’s rousing and chaotic fable of bootstrap capitalism.
With days slipping away in the legislative session, Gov.
The North Korean statement said Mr. Thae, whom it did not identify by name, had been ordered in June to return from Britain to Pyongyang, the North’s capital, because he had embezzled state funds, sold official secrets and sexually assaulted a minor.
measure took five years to get through Congress, as Mr. Lew acknowledged, while the other bills also were tough to pass.
Later, when Cookie decides to stage a big family dinner as a make-good, she tells her sons that she shouldn’t have to beg for Angelo and his mother to come to it.
Until July, he was a law clerk for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy of the United States Supreme Court.
Mr. Obama’s proposals for curbing the accessibility of guns — a move he said he was forced to take because previous efforts stalled in Congress — had support from 67 percent of people surveyed in a CNN poll released on Thursday.
(APPLAUSE) SANDERS: President Obama and I are friends.
None of the educators interviewed could recall Ms. Toscano-Percoco, though they said CPV Educates had employed several different teachers in the past.
You go into our living room, and we want to play some music for you.” The classical music field is, they agreed, often too eager to change things up simply to attract new audiences.
On the dramatic opposite end of the scale, both in box office outcome and in financial risk, was Mr. Jenkins and “Moonlight,” a meditative film with a microscopic budget and no proven stars.
That leaves aircraft vulnerable to rogue workers at the airline or the contractor.
“We’re going to have to work with the Saudis.
Johnson is 31, Westwood 43 and García 36.
But from the perspective of a war zone, these look more like national strengths.
Scientists had been tracking the progress of a mass of smoke via NASA satellite images, as it rose off farmers’ fields in the nearby states of Punjab and Haryana and floated across the plains toward the city, a two-day drift.
• Insight into Prince’s death.
Flatbreads, on the other hand, are a whole different matter.
Outside, the iron hull proved to be in better condition than expected and needed only minor repairs and a good scrubbing.
The test of that strategy came in January 2012, before the make-or-break Florida primary, when Mr. Trump reached out to say he wanted to endorse Mr. Romney at a Trump property in the state.
It wasn’t a ton of money, but it invalidated the guidance provided by Mr. Pearson in December.
I have never seen this many visiting fans invade a baseball stadium for such a big game.
He also often fought with the writers.
“Looking in Harlem and Upper Manhattan,” she said, “we realized we were not going to afford a two-bedroom there.” They visited Parkchester, a 129-acre planned community in the eastern Bronx, where Ms. Miranda admired an apartment rented by friends.
Owing to a falling market, Mr. Ornskov has not had to increase his bid by much from the original $45.23 mooted in August last year, which Baxalta rejected.
Invoking the Mute command on an account stops that person’s tweets from appearing in your Twitter timeline, but it does not alert the other user that you have stopped receiving the posts.
Here’s what else is happening: Nature is not toying with us: Today is an undeniable summer day.
Don’t expect all hearts to look and feel the same.
ELLSBURY SIDELINED Jacoby Ellsbury was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game after leaving the first inning of Friday’s matchup against the Red Sox with a strained hip muscle.
The hedge fund said that the strategic review was only one part of their proposal to Ally, without elaborating on other suggestions.
Last year, Mr. Black’s distributions totaled $181 million.
It was not immediately clear what connection, if any, the person might have had with the Panama Papers, a trove of 11.5 million documents from a Panama-based law firm, Mossack Fonseca .
Caravaggio never had a conventional studio of the kind that nurtured students who would go on to disseminate the master’s style, but the new manner he was pioneering soon had an impact on his fellow artists in Rome.
It could be the museum’s Tibetan Buddhist Shrine Room, an immersive look at a traditional space for prayer and meditation.
Helena Newman, the worldwide co-head of Impressionist and Modern Art for Sotheby’s, had presided over the first sale of the spring season in London last week, bringing $63.7 million for Picasso’s “Femme Assise” (1909), the most expensive Cubist painting ever sold at auction.
or Amtrak facilities for cataloging and three-dimensional scanning.
Instructors from North Korea have been in Uganda for years, training its police in weapons use and in other areas, according to South Korean officials and a United Nations sanctions report.
The Justice Initiative report is the first time an international group has made a public legal argument that the pattern of abuses amounts to crimes against humanity.
Tyler Hicks is the photographer.
Certainly, I would never have predicted that it would seem even more vibrant and emotionally charged.
You would be forgiven if, one of these afternoons in Central Park, you failed to notice a cyclist named William Alvarez.
In the fourth inning, with the Mets trailing, 1-0, Plawecki threw out Adam Duvall trying to steal second base.
The school was ultimately integrated under his supervision, and without the “white flight” that politicians had feared would result.
” Shortly thereafter, the label had another hit with “ Cheerleader ,” a reggae-tinged song by the Jamaican singer OMI that was remixed by another young German producer, Felix Jaehn, and that went to No.
“When they get a little bigger you can watch them hunt squirrels,” Ms. Ahonen said.
The shows began May 3 with Chanel , an extravaganza in Havana that included 86 looks, some tourism and some controversy, and they extend through next month — yes, into the couture fall 2016-17 season.
While Ms. Hollywood, 52, a retired city worker, did modernize the three-bedroom house, by adding wings for a new family room and dining room, she was drawn to its vintage character.
The Oscar nominees Sylvester Stallone, Brie Larson, Bryan Cranston, Ridley Scott and Matt Damon reflect on their careers, and perhaps shed a tear.
The work is arranged by theme and spread over two floors.
Students also examined a number of quotes related to the issue of trust and applied them to both Ferguson and “Macbeth.” For example: As we read, students continued to identify claims and find evidence to support them.
So has the divide between college-educated workers and those who never went beyond high school.
The idea for the museum originated when a member, Daniel Roberts, was walking on a country path in Sweden and happened upon some mysterious animal droppings.
Most of all, perhaps, they’re with Teddy (Zac Efron), who returns from the first movie frozen in place, a lonely hunk unable to follow his former fraternity brothers into adulthood.
(“I looked at his Friendster profile and he seemed like a nice kid.”) The next year, when Mr. Pasek asked to return, Mr. Marx told him he needed to stop interning and focus on writing shows with Mr. Paul.
— The Old Guard (@The_Old_Guard) January 22, 2016 See more photos by the Third Infantry Regiment .
On April 27, the book was finished, a roll of paper typed as a single-spaced paragraph 120 feet long.” My wife and I and our two kids took a month off to travel around the country by car, from Washington, D.C., to California and back.
Yet Ms. Kidwell and Mr. Sheppard have realized that in many ways, the show echoes their own attempts to find affinity with each other.
And for many players, their choice of socks can influenced by superstition, friendship or even rebellion.
The singer, her middle finger slowly rising, responds in a singsong tone, “Vinod is better than you,” an apparent reference to the retired cricketer Vinod Kambli.
Nor is it a work of sexual politics, in any obvious sense.
The transition role has allowed Mr. Christie to remain relatively behind the scenes, briefing lobbyists and potential donors in various meetings and conference calls about the plans for a Trump administration.
He is also among the organizers of this year’s Lincoln Park Music Festival , to be held July 29 through July 31.
Near the end of his book, Desmond tentatively introduces the concept of “exploitation” — “a word that has been scrubbed out of the poverty debate.” The landlord who evicts Lamar, Larraine and so many others is rich enough to vacation in the Caribbean while her tenants shiver in Milwaukee.
Bring a tent and a sleeping bag.
But for Mr. Santaki, the reward was the success of the event.
He took her to school when Ms. Sullivan had to work, along with her boy from a previous relationship.
When Collins accidentally played his reverbed drums through the microphone that producers use to talk back to musicians in a studio, the result was a startling ka-pow , which the producer Hugh Padgham heightened by suddenly “gating” (cutting off) the sound to achieve a dizzying effect; it’s like being rocked by a jab that flicks out of nowhere and disappears just as quickly.
Take away that catch, and he would rank 23rd.
Jane Chen, a founder of Embrace , a maker of portable infant warmers, met Marc Benioff, the billionaire founder of Salesforce.com, at one of the conference’s morning meditation sessions two years ago.
Roman numerals: For the first time since the fourth Super Bowl, the game will not be referred to by a Roman numeral.
PALMETTO BAY, Fla. — This has been the year of the novel political theory.
“Burkinis” are, essentially, full-body swimsuits that comply with Islamic modesty standards, and on Wednesday, Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France waded into the raging debate over the bans in some of the country’s beach towns , denouncing the rarely seen garb as part of the “enslavement of women.” This, of course, is not really about swimwear.
“There are not too many examples to follow,” he said.
They are also relapsing.” Sometimes, tumors return in a few months or a year, sometimes not.
But officials said afterward that they would wait for the negotiations between unions and police officials to succeed before setting a date for the reopening.
• Subway and PATH • Railroads : L.I.R.R., Metro-North , N.J.
But it was not an approach that could be scaled up to thousands of corporate customers.
In the Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders actually tied among registered Democrats.
Ms. Rice, 57, is also applying for a small-business grant to open a retail gallery.
It may well be part of Hillary Clinton’s shift, under pressure from Bernie Sanders, against the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which she once embraced as “the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade.” You certainly see it in the British decision to exit the European Union, which has become known as Brexit.
How we analyzed the last night of the Republican National Convention, which featured Ivanka Trump, Peter Thiel, Donald J. Trump and more.
This image was reproduced for a cover of Collier’s magazine in 1910.
Basic economy fares will be available for purchase in January for travel starting next spring.
Schools reported episodes based on guidelines from the state.
“But were they disappointed to the point that they were down in the dumps?
But all walls are built with an element of magical thinking.
Jim Northrup, a born storyteller, began his writing career by necessity: Sent to a government boarding school as a 6-year-old American Indian boy, he resisted assimilation by regularly exchanging letters with his family on the Minnesota reservation that would become his home again.
Doctors in Aleppo are tending to scores of victims of what is believed to be a chlorine gas attack by government forces.
The British vote has sent economic chills through the European Union, which may divert or delay European business ambitions in Iran.
Here’s last night’s briefing .
Mr. Trump taped the television appearance before the church service on Saturday, and it is expected to air in the next few days on Mr. Jackson’s Christian cable network .
In Atlanta, the streetcar system has struggled to attract riders, even though it did not charge a fare for its first year of operation.
In what was to become a YouTube hit , Mr. Farage told Mr. Van Rompuy to his face in 2010 that he had “the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low-grade bank clerk.” By then Mr. Farage, who was elected UKIP leader in 2006, had already resigned once — after the European Parliament elections in 2009, in which UKIP won 13 seats with 16.5 percent of the vote.
Trump’s wall is not practical, but it is metaphor.
The authority’s five-year capital plan does not include money for the proposed additional track.
It allows us to look beyond the shortcomings of the city and look ahead to the future and be excited about that.” In an age of cost overruns, project delays, safety risks and the other, seemingly infinite obstacles to infrastructure, this all might sound awfully reductive, even naïve.
“These types of crimes are just too lucrative.”
Is there a useful precedent for this most unpredictable of election seasons?
(And apparently he made a mean Old-Fashioned.)
Potter makes his case for Theodora as a great ruler, attributing her success to her unusual class origins.
전화 한 통이면 찢어진 부분에 강력 접착테이프를 붙인 패딩 점퍼 차림의 배달원이 오토바이를 타고 쏜살같이 달려올 테니까.
“With swim, you’re pretty much wearing nothing in public,” she says.
Theater owners and some analysts dismiss that idea, saying studios are refusing to look inward for explanations for a cavalcade of summer disappointments, including “The BFG,” “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows,” “The Nice Guys,” “Ghostbusters,” “The Legend of Tarzan,” “Independence Day: Resurgence,” “Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising,” “Alice Through the Looking Glass,” “Warcraft,” “Ice Age: Collision Course,” “Hands of Stone,” “Star Trek: Beyond” and “Now You See Me 2.” “Ben-Hur” cost Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Paramount Pictures at least $150 million to make and market, but was savaged by critics and took in only $11.2 million during its first weekend in theaters.
What are the consequences for Turkey?
Yet wherever you sit, the food is the same — family-friendly and competently prepared, though relatively bland.
“I’m a bit, yeah.” There was no need to finish the sentence to grasp what all this means to Willis.
Mr. Stillman, of course, is a man devoted to the precision of language and keenly attuned to the taxonomies of class, culture and nationality.
Alaska is more of a friendly aunt.” Travelers like Ms. Bansal are wondering what to expect from Virgin America under its new parent company: skinny jeans and stilettos, or sweatshirts and sneakers.
In this case, the word was a verb before it was a noun.
“It was starting to seriously interfere with my life,” Mr. Monson said.
“It hurts now, but this one game doesn’t define us,” Hield told them.
Wherever the Japanese animated filmmaker Makoto Shinkai goes these days, he gets some variation on the question of what it’s like to be the Next Big Thing.
But they are more difficult to use, and offer only a limited (and not that appealing) selection of items.
“And we are the home team.”
But the living room, which is painted a warm yellow and highlights the couple’s fondness for Deco (mahogany bar cabinet; Austrian armchairs), is almost equally inviting.
She is accused of manipulating the federal budget to hide yawning deficits, a budgetary sleight of hand that her critics say helped her get re-elected in 2014.
There is an academic consensus that this campaign of violence, particularly against the Hindu population, was a genocide.
Alexei Ratmansky is celebrated around the world for his new ballets and reimaginings of old ones .
He has not sought out Israeli Jews of Iranian descent.
or 45 Hillside Holdings L.L.C.
Others quietly condemned Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain for calling for political reasons a referendum that ended up shaking the European project to its core.
Mr. Montano has been the only one within reach of the Spanish authorities because of legal issues in El Salvador, where most of them still live.
On a related note: Make an annual giving plan, after talking with your husband about the causes that are closest to your hearts (assuming you share finances).
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
There are the little things, of course.
(Heavily illustrated volumes can sell for tens of thousands of dollars each.)
Many Iraqis do not see it that way, and feel that the return of strongman rule might at least keep them safe.
“It’s something we’ve been stressing with our defense here to improve our offensive part of the game.” McIlrath plans to fire away when he gets the chance.
Like hair braiding or nail painting, ear candling is a ritual that forces a stillness, a momentary presence of mind that can elude friendships for weeks, if not months, at a time.
It read, “CO ED.” When Mr. Tuberman and Mr. Shapiro bought the baths, there had been one all-female shift per week.
He disliked the taste of liquor and disdained its effect on the brain.
AQUARIUS Sonia Braga stars as a retired music critic who refuses to leave her apartment building in Recife, Brazil, even though she’s the last resident.
She even went beyond following up to argue with him, when he called American leaders “stupid” for announcing military offensives.
According to several reports, at least 12 children were killed and 20 students and teachers wounded by an airstrike in a government-held district of the divided city.
Throughout, Anderer engages in animated dialogue with Kurosawa’s own written account, “Something Like an Autobiography,” at least as much as with the films themselves.
— Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016 — Eric Lipton (@EricLiptonNYT) November 22, 2016 — Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 Read these stories for background on Mr. Trump’s relationships with Republican leaders and the new Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer .
The approach seems to be working, to a degree: A poll this week showed him catching up to Mr. Trump in Pennsylvania, and national surveys suggest he would make a stronger rival against a Democrat in the fall than the divisive Republican front-runner.
She moves from prim scold to maniac princess to frat-boy aggression with alacrity — and without ever seeming as if she’s working too hard.
Of course, Jean-Paul Sartre knew this as well.
His two top deputies and the chief lawyer and investigator in his consumer protection division each said in interviews that the complaints never reached their level.
“I was just smitten,” he said.
With dubious assertions flying around, the debate can appear unseemly.
Waiting in the wings are the leaders of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, the centrists anchoring Ms. Rousseff’s coalition government.
“It helps our farmers who have been struggling,” said Stephen M. Sweeney, president of the New Jersey Senate.
It would be inhumane to quarantine assault victims in a room with their abusers for hundreds of years and demand they act natural.
Mr. Smith is collecting photos and videos “that show or tell the world about your America,” the America that you believe is misunderstood by politicians or the public.
Under Coach Nick Saban, a former L.S.U.
DIX HILLS “Project Lives,” exhibition of the book “Project Lives: New York Public Housing Residents Photograph Their World.” Through Aug. 22.
Mr. Dimon had been on the phone with Mr. Buffett lamenting what he described as the broken system for public companies and corporate governance when he asked him if he would help convene a group of the nation’s largest companies and investors to see if they could fix the problem.
The Euros’ margin of victory in 2012 was 1.23 goals, compared with 1.42 goals for the 2014 World Cup.
Why should we have to stand in line?’” As a child actor, Anton made memorable appearances on television shows like “ER,” “The Practice” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” on which he played a child magician who frustrates Larry David with a card trick.
The visual back story Krommes has imagined for “Before Morning” takes us inside the comfortably cluttered home of a close-knit family.
did not have precise numbers.
Its shareholders nearly voted down 2014 pay for the top executives at last spring’s annual meeting, prompting the move to performance-based awards.
He would face Representative Todd Young, 43, a Republican serving his third term in the House.
“They resoundingly crushed us,” Mr. Batali said.
That question hovered over the 55th anniversary of the building of the wall, in August.
“You see where my nest egg is going?” Mr. Rosen asked as we stood on East 53rd Street, looking up.
The Kremlin published a new plan on Tuesday to defend Russia against what it described as stepped-up cyberattacks and “information-psychological” methods by foreign intelligence agencies bent on influencing its population with online information.
‘AN AMERICAN IN PARIS’ The ballet luminary Christopher Wheeldon makes a triumphant debut as a Broadway director with this rhapsodic stage adaptation of a classic musical with a heavenly Gershwin score.
As art prices soared, the big international houses gambled with guarantees and sacrificed commissions to attract the most valuable lots, squeezing their own margins.
“He used to forget things that he never would have forgotten before,” she wrote recently.
Not “Stop being such a lazy manager!” but more along the lines of: Everyone needs to clear any deviations from the regular work schedule in advance, or whatever.
“When I was in Triple-A, there was no minor league free agency,” Collins said Tuesday in the visiting manager’s office at Nationals Park in Washington.
Timothy J. Lewis performed the ceremony.
It did not take long for Mr. Trump to offer a critique that shades the truth — that Iran has violated the nuclear deal signed last summer (it has not, and its missile tests are not covered by the agreement, but rather by United Nations Security Council resolutions).
“So you want to go back to a job that takes you away from your kids to earn no money,” he says.
Well, maybe just a quiet hooray.
After three years as a consultant overseeing the Anaheim Ducks’ collection of talented young goaltenders, Sudarshan Maharaj was promoted last summer to the team’s goaltending coach.
He’ll highlight the economic progress the city and the nation have made since then, and will use the speech to share his views on the presidential election.
The current political work — and there’s quite a bit out there — seems tailored to an altered terrain.
Modern medicine is more dangerous than ever, with an epidemic of inner city violent crime as well as untreated mental illness.
To the Editor: American government works best — or perhaps only — when Republicans and Democrats agree to compromise on key issues.
Like modern birds, advanced theropods had long, S-shaped brains with a relatively large cerebellum and optic lobe, and a small area devoted to smell.
All the floors were muddy after the tsunami, but the Naritas recovered most of her things.
IF you’re of a certain age, you may recall what you had to do to watch television: You turned the set on.
Occasionally, I come across the term “designer baby,” and I am reminded that some parents now have the option to screen or modify the genes of their unborn children to ensure or avoid certain traits.
Donald J. Trump’s campaign boils down to a promise of tough order.
Mr. Glenn was the last surviving one.)
“I think that what happened gives me more strength to keep fighting,” Ms. Faudoa said.
Some neighborhoods hired private security to supplement police patrols.
And I did.” While the use of hip-hop as therapy is not new, it has been gaining attention at a time of growing concern that the nation’s mental health systems do not effectively treat many young people, particularly in minority and ethnic communities.
This is not the first time Google has provided video calling.
Late Sunday night, the police took a person of interest into custody.
(through translator) We’ll continue with topics that are of interest to Spanish (inaudible) education, what to do with student debt.
She said the road late on Friday was teeming with police officers, some of them with assault rifles.
Dan and Joyce seem too distracted by their anniversary to notice their new sitter’s weird vibe, but they also come off as fairly witless.
“Today, I wanted to buy salt,” said the activist, Mohammad Moataz.
There is, however, one slice of history that Koch wanted to preserve: its lack of cars, which provides a welcome bit of calm from the congestion of the city.
Instead, they must contend with a damaging new report by the State Department’s inspector general that Mrs. Clinton had not sought or received approval to use a private email server while she was secretary of state.
The Fed has few tools to ward off fresh weakness in the economy, while it can easily respond to an inflationary resurgence.
The play was conceived shortly before Mr. Snowden burst into public view, but his leaking of government documents shaped the drama.
They’re going to express themselves and that’s why we hired them.” Having nearly completed his two-year race to make “Suicide Squad,” Mr. Ayer said he had experienced the exhilaration and the terror of making a comic-book movie.
It allows its readers to have their tinfoil hats and wear them too.
Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning: ‘Black Royals’ (through March 31) This exhibition to celebrate Black History Month brings in works lent by the African American Museum of Nassau County, including portraits of the dark-skinned British queens Sophia Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (1744-1818) and Philippa of Hainault (1314-1369) — who both, some argue, had African ancestry.
His mother had gone west in a covered wagon and grown up in a sod house.
The Dow rose 39.78 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,847.66.
The site-specific work will treat the drill hall as a public space, with an eye toward exploring what that means in a world of increasing surveillance.
His grandfather, a farmworker, bought the vineyard during the 1930s depression when most of the grand Bordeaux family vineyards went bust.
“She seems not to have lived the life of a celebrity at all and to have kept mostly to herself,” Eric Gordy, a cultural and political sociologist at University College London who studies the former Yugoslavia, said in a phone interview.
Kazi Reazul Hoque, the head of the country’s human rights commission, said local officials made a “gross mistake” by allowing the crowd to regroup Sunday morning.
The main strip through Nice was littered with bodies, one after the other.
Mr. Trump has concluded his meeting with Times editors, reporters and opinion writers.
Until now, because his crew and canoe were untested, Kelen had deemed it unsafe to have any passengers aboard the Jitdam.
“Everybody can tweet,” he said, adding that it’s no preparation or qualification for the presidency.
It returned to the Met on Wednesday evening and once again showed that, momentary bloat notwithstanding, it can work well enough with a talented and energetic cast.
In fact, implicit bias is just one of many psychological processes that shape how we interact with one another.
— What difference is there — if there is one — between someone dressing up as a clown on Halloween or at a child’s birthday party and walking the streets or popping up in a cemetery, as the article says someone did in Chicago last year?
But since then, troops supporting the former warring rivals have not found a way to coexist peacefully.
“That was one of the criteria that both Rob and I had before joining the company,” he said.
“We expect this particular contribution to be a one-time contribution, and the final amount that will actually be provided to I.O.M.
In the event of problems, a lawyer can cancel a sale or reclaim a deposit, he said.
Sometimes it’s just plain great.
Coastal homeowners are reluctant to leave.
“I used to travel with a lot of scarves, which I bought in Hong Kong, Chinese scarves,” he said.
“You’ve had nothing but problems with your credit cards, etc.” If he builds the wall the way he built Trump Towers, he’ll be using illegal immigrant labor to do it.
Some differences in the case are clear: ■ Charges were filed against the officers in the case.
It is a measure of how little trust the Syrians have in the international community — especially after the short-lived cease-fire in February — that initial reactions were lukewarm, even though the deal holds out the possibility of at least a temporary calming of the violence.
Although the number of private-sector jobs has not returned to prerecession levels, Michigan’s unemployment rate has fallen to 5.1 percent, down from nearly 15 percent at the height of the recession.
But then he set out to remake himself as nothing less than … a movie mogul.
Buyers likely won’t mistake quiet Grymes Hill for a trendsetting ’hood.
We pull up and it’s Andy Warhol and David Bowie and Bryan Ferry and me , an art student.
But a dozen years later, as communities like the one I grew up in lost industry and jobs, and finally dignity and hope, guns became more political.
Russia has also been accused of bombing hospitals, something Moscow denies, and propping up a brutal dictator.
His 75-minute speech at the Republican National Convention assembled detailed evidence, both real and imagined, of America’s decline, but what Trump intended to do about it was mostly limited to vague gestures and get-rich-quick aphorisms: “All of the people telling you that you can’t have the country you want are the same people telling you that I wouldn’t be standing here tonight.” His campaign may nominally be about a future in which America’s supposed decline is reversed, but the magic-wand way he makes promises, and the limited extent to which his supporters seem bothered by it, have always given away the game.
Walker has undergone tests and been evaluated by doctors.
“Why the support for a hater?
“The front wall was only studded and it was held up by a set of two-by-fours pinned to the ceiling,” he said.
“It would be a real shame if Britain had to go.”
While it’s fairly easy to categorize the photographically incontinent under the headlines Narcissistic and Insecure, or some combination thereof, the photo-posting folks may not have the same clarity about themselves.
“For those who like history, culture and nature, there is lots to do,” Salah Al-Bukhyyet, the commission’s vice president, said in an interview.
The horrific culture clash in Cologne on New Year’s Eve, between a mob of Arab immigrant men and groups of young German women whom they assaulted, was a wake-up moment for many Germans — a hint that they can’t remain forever a self-confident island in a sea of increasingly insecure neighbors.
The town’s Public Works Department investigated and found signs of tampering and “forced entry” at one of the wells that supply the town’s drinking water, a spokesman for the Lincoln County sheriff told reporters.
“I found it quite romantic,” he says, “this man who had a very avant-garde idea, and then everything got erased.” After studying old ads (the clothes themselves were long gone) the designer was impressed by Nehera’s “modern” approach to women’s fashion.
I was already supporting myself.
“Maybe we’re better off going back to Times Square,” Paul Rogers, a science teacher at the Caldicot School, shouted to his charges.
• Review of Elena Ferrante’s new book.
Should states maintain a minimum wage that keeps workers out of poverty?
NEWTONVILLE “The Collected Works of Bacon and Faust,” mixed-media and wood carvings by Frederic Bacon and Lawrence Faust.
Despite the Hail Mary pass of bringing a love interest back into a flailing season — and despite “Everlasting” seeming like a cautionary tale for “UnREAL” itself — Adam’s return neatly weaves together this season’s thinner threads.
Prosecutors want to show that the defendants and others openly discussed how the club’s dancers were largely illegal immigrants, mostly from Brazil or Russia, who had to pay other undocumented immigrants to drive them to the club, and then had to pay to be able to dance there.
Mr. Lewis plays a recent college graduate who moves into an all-female boardinghouse (and at one point dances a tango with George Raft).
BARBAGALLO I was doing a really haphazard Marie Kondo of my apartment and I found a play I wrote when I was 16 or 17.
The library contest that drew so many nominations was the idea of Reynold Levy, 71, a former president of Lincoln Center and a lifelong user of libraries.
Before the rodeo, I met two ranchers, Rob Alexander and Bill Craig.
He has also fulminated against plans by the company that owns Nabisco to shift some production to Mexico — “I love Oreos,” he said, “I will never eat them again” — and vowed to impose a punishing tariff on imports of Ford cars unless the company canceled a $2.5 billion investment in plants in that country.
Ms. Beskind, the 92-year-old who installed the lazy susan in her fridge, has put her resourcefulness to good use.
… NEIL WALKER was left out of the starting lineup with a recurring shin bruise and may miss Tuesday’s game, too.
At Kern, the same sausage and olive figure in “Another Green World,” which could easily be the star, except Ms. Eisenman goes from strength to strength everywhere else.
I think you’ll be happy.
Representative Dan Kildee, a Michigan Democrat who represents Flint, pointed out that under federal law, states have “primacy” for making sure a federal rule that controls lead in the drinking water is being followed by municipalities.
And so, under somewhat dubious circumstances, word of the Gulf of Tonkin clash between the C. Turner Joy and the Maddox, versus the Swatow gunboats, went out to the readers .
Rizzo led off the next inning by hitting a 3-2 pitch from reliever Pedro Baez over the center-field wall — yet another delivery on a two-strike pitch.
$5 to $15; members and children under 12, free.
That plan did not survive the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression.
It’s either going to be in Us Weekly , it’s going to be in the Shade Room, it’s in the comments.
“You have a contract, finish it off,” said Greg Santo, a law enforcement officer from Long Island.
Am I capturing your fears?
He taught high school English in Culver City, Calif., and was later an administrator for the Orange County, Calif., school system.
One thing that makes Yuma stand out is its success in at least one key element of Mr. Trump’s approach to border security: Apprehensions of undocumented immigrants plummeted to roughly 6,000 last year from 140,000 in 2005, after a barrier that already existed was fortified and augmented.
After the rules are in effect, broadband providers will immediately stop collecting what the F.C.C.
It is absolutely fair to ask questions and to watch closely: the choices Mr. and Ms. Trump make about how they use (or don’t use) what they wear; whether they support homegrown industry or, as in the past, brands made overseas; what messages they send with their clothes — if they are about aspiration (the Reagan model), or accessibility (the Carter model), or diplomacy (the Obama model), or something altogether different (given the campaign, very possible).
And, that’s why this New York Times tape is so troubling because what’s been reported is that Donald told the Editorial Board of the New York Times what I’m saying on immigration, I don’t believe.
She has the United States subpoena for her personal Twitter information to show for it.
• An imam and his assistant were fatally shot near a mosque in Queens.
Mr. Winefield’s background as an environmental engineer, with knowledge on how contaminated sites get cleaned up, helps.
“I made as big a mess as you can make on that hole,” Saunders said.
During the 1970s, the United States built nuclear power plants.
Aid in dying has proved to be a safe and rarely used option for those suffering from loss of control and autonomy, among other things, at the end of life.
The DAX in Germany rose 0.1 percent, while the CAC 40 in France fell 0.1 percent.
The National Pediculosis Society fired back, militant in its faith in no-nit policies.
Frankly, Donald Trump is going to put an end to the Republican Party and Hillary Clinton is going to put an end to the Democratic Party.
Mr. McMillian’s sculptures include “Couch” (2012), a used sofa split in half and rejoined by a thick section of poured concrete suggesting, in the context of the exhibition, the grotesque scars of slavery, the Civil War and racial segregation.
Under Terry Kinney’s direction, it stars Josh Radnor and Elisabeth Reaser as a teacher and a student with flat accents and deep desires.
Say you have a team of 20 people working on a project that is not going anywhere, he said in a recent interview.
Then basic questions: Was his name spelled correctly?
“From his point of view, the bus terminal is not one of them.” Mr. Azzopardi said: “The law provides that either governor can veto any action of the Port Authority.
The most pernicious and corrupting influence, however, comes from the big conglomerates, called chaebols in Korean.
She held it close to her heart, put it down on the coffin, and at last began to cry.
“Once again, irresponsible politicians are trying to sow chaos in Bolívar State with FALSE information about murdered miners,” he wrote on Twitter , accusing opposition politicians of trying to discredit the government’s campaign to root out illegal mining.
“Because everybody else had an 84 didn’t mean you got an A.” Mr. Cruz signaled his chief fear about a brokered nomination: that his many adversaries in the Republican establishment would conspire to block him.
BUYING BASICS In Trinidad, a landholding license is rarely required, but in Tobago, all prospective foreign home buyers must obtain a license, brokers said.
One investors group said on Monday that it would demand that Volkswagen conduct a special inquiry into top management’s role.
Even if he could be defended for making a deal with Donnie — $40 million in exchange for a few difficult months as a saboteur — he sees far enough ahead to make sure Donnie dies on schedule.
Vote for the goodness of this country.” And Ms. Khan, in an opinion article published in The Washington Post , rebuked Mr. Trump for suggesting earlier in the weekend that she had not been permitted to speak at the Democratic convention.
Arnold Palmer — frail but still game — made it back to the first tee at Augusta National Golf Club at age 86 even if he did not take a swing, opting to watch from a chair as his fellow honorary starters, Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player, made their ceremonial tee shots.
You feel a sense of loss.” Don’t feel too bad for Mr. Moore.
The dollar didn’t change much after the Fed’s announcement.
How Good Are You at Saying Goodbye?
‘Mother,’ he said, ‘there’s a boy in my class who has rags around his feet and a safety pin.’” In 1977, when the cardinal was in seminary in Esopus, N.Y., his father died of a heart attack.
“What is left when unhungry?,” Justin Vernon sings midway through “22, a Million,” his third album as Bon Iver .
Likewise, he took photographs of fences and migrant boats without spotlighting individual refugees or their stories, forcing a metaphorical interpretation of his work.
My three favorite 20th-century books about the sea are all novels: Peter Matthiessen’s “Far Tortuga” (it has a minimalist poetic quality that amps up the agonizing drama of the story), Charles Johnson’s “Middle Passage” (a book about the slave trade that has a lot of Melville and John Gardner — one of my favorite novelists — in its DNA) and Robert Stone’s “Outerbridge Reach” (weirdly chilling in a “Secret Sharer” sort of way).
“It’s absolutely its own form of advocacy.” “The Mothers” begins with an abrupt ending of sorts.
You can receive it via email .
And yet, overall, the school was a nice place to be.
One in six voters identified this as most important to them, and Mr. Rubio won almost half of their votes —more than double the support for either Mr. Trump or Mr. Cruz.
It is this notion of using technology to root out investment risks that lies at the heart of BlackRock’s investing strategy.
The Torlonia family’s collection of ancient marble sculptures has long been the stuff of legend for art historians and archaeologists.
In late June, the Mercer-financed super PAC quietly re-formed as Make America Number One, now a pro-Trump entity.
Christopher Michael Brick was born on June 21, 1974, in Cheverly, Md.
The disparity between what we want for our children and what they might achieve can be especially painful for parents of autistic youngsters.
The P. T. Barnum scene seemed oddly fitting for a campaign that, at times, has felt like a passing parade, the surreal blending viscerally with the passions Mr. Trump elicits.
What irritates him is the version of “The Star-Spangled Banner” being used at the Olympics.
The audience sits right up against the action and sometimes gets drawn into it (1:30).
This year, Moore noted, Christian leaders who in the 1990s gave stem-winding speeches about “character” in office during the Clinton administration now minimize the spewing of profanities in campaign speeches, race-baiting and courting white supremacists, boasting of adulterous affairs, debauching public morality and justice through the casino and pornography industries.
Check out the video: https://t.co/Xl8HiQMA1S pic.twitter.com/5HGsmHvPlE Amazon said it would now test drone deliveries with two more customers near Cambridge, an English city where the company has a large drone-testing plant.
Indeed, his accomplishments in loneliness are nearly as towering as his accomplishments in song, and it’s the race problem, in part, that apparently made this the heartbreaking case.
The groom’s mother, who is retired, was the senior vice president for talent management at Aetna, the health insurance company, in Hartford.
It should not be used only as ornamentation.
He told a gathering of top officers to speak freely, even if it went against political leaders.
Indeed, while Hutchinson had submitted his operation plan to his headquarters at Bagram under Resolute Support, it came back approved under Freedom’s Sentinel.
Asked how he would reduce the Fed’s vast bond holdings, Mr. Bernanke, no longer the Fed’s chairman, responded, “Fortunately, I don’t have to.” The moderator, Fareed Zakaria of CNN, asked about having so much power.
Will it be enough to lift one of them into the top three in New Hampshire?
But in the areas hit hardest by economic change, all that success feels like a shift away from a comfortable past and toward a frightening future.
bus more than two hours later.
Others are seeking help drafting invitations for happy occasions — or, conversely, crafting inscriptions for tombstones.
But it might be a good idea to go play some shows again, I don’t know, given how many millions of people are saying, ‘Who the [expletive] is Sturgill Simpson?’ as of this morning.
He bought his first bicycle, a penny-farthing with one large wheel, in San Francisco and dreamed of becoming the first person to cross America on a bicycle.When he felt ready, he donned a jacket that doubled as a tent and headed for the East Coast on April 22, 1884.
South Fork Natural History Museum and Nature Center, 377 Bridgehampton-Sag Harbor Turnpike.
E.P.A., argued in his opinion that Massachusetts lacked standing because it couldn’t really connect the dots from E.P.A.’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean.
In his upstairs bedroom, which has a glass wall overlooking the double-height kitchen, he has a gallery of heroes, black-and-white photos of men he admires, including Gene Kelly, James Dean, John F. Kennedy and the racecar driver James Hunt .
But for think tanks, that pressure can threaten their standing as independent arbiters in policy debates in Congress, the White House and the news media.
She has been at this since the late 1980s — smiling, cracking up, dressing people down and never (ever) being wrong in films in which the women she plays tend to be mixed up with money.
The report uses the findings to push for a more basic change to the United States stock markets: doing away with the rebates that trading firms can earn for trading at a particular exchange.
We need not only books being written and illustrated that give the perspectives of all kinds of children, but we also need editors with wider sensibilities, marketing people, book reviewers, all of that.
BOHEMIA “While You’re Away: Love Songs of World War II.” Dr. Diane Cypkin of Pace University sings love songs that moved us during a time of war.
He’s a strong favorite in the caucuses in Idaho, Alaska, Hawaii, Washington and Wyoming.
Nina also sells shoes under the luxury brand name Delman, as well as children’s shoes and accessories like jewelry and handbags.
Noah didn’t have to have that,” Mr. Chaffey said.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.
All I said is, we have to renegotiate these agreements, because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places.
In Montgomery County, the case resonates for other reasons.
The Court of Justice is a sort of supreme court for the bloc, while the General Court is the top appellate court and the first stop for companies like Microsoft when appealing fines imposed by Brussels for breaking antitrust laws.
In the parking lot, a 13-year-old Trojan fan, Damian Chavez, called the decision to kneel a “sign of respect for every black person in the country.” A few hundred feet away, inside the empty stadium, the 81-year-old press box manager, Bob Blair, dressed in cowboy boots and Wrangler slacks, looked out onto the field.
(She first must collect 500 signatures to qualify for the ballot.)
You can only be exposed to stories that make you feel good about what you want to believe,” Mr. Ziegler, the radio host, said.
We have to get back into looking at what’s causing it.
“In my opinion, that would have been very disruptive and led to more uncertainty in the market and concern among employees and customers.” Given the sad sequence of events at Wells Fargo, I couldn’t help but wonder: Why does it take a crisis of this magnitude to get a company or its board to act on governance matters that its shareholders have been agitating about?
The real gains came from leagues that did not allow some head-on drills and sharply cut full-contact in practice.
But that gets us back to Mandelbaum’s argument: What if it’s up to them and they’re not up to it — and the result is growing disorder and more and more of their people fleeing to the world of order in Europe or North America?
If you ask everyone in the stadium a bunch of questions, you might, by chance, see a pattern emerge, such as a cluster of people standing in line for the bathroom who love pistachio ice cream and skipped a grade in school.
“They find their place that way.”
I was very upset with how things turned out and what people were saying.
Congress often waits for a new president to take office before it gets down to business.
He also noted that electricity usage rose as people turned on their TVs and that “trading volume plummeted 41 percent on the New York Stock Exchange.” One stat from the trial may top them all: The jury spent more than 260 days sequestered in a hotel.
That is the position maintained by Taiwan, which has asked Google to blur satellite images of the disputed island — Itu Aba, also known as Taiping Island — that show what appear to be new military installations.
But the ruling stands: “Fun” is only “fun” when it’s fun for everyone.
But, as Italy’s postwar development demonstrates, its achievements far outweigh its problems, which Britain could play a leading role in addressing.
On average, the students recalled about 35 percent of the words they had studied twice, and 45 percent of those they studied once and then quizzed themselves on.
Most of the unaccompanied minors at the camp will stay there until requests for family reunification in Britain are examined by both governments.
Two days after the first loss of his career, the Kentucky Derby winner Nyquist developed a slight fever, leaving plans temporarily in limbo for a rematch with the Preakness winner Exaggerator in the Belmont Stakes in New York.
“Reet was a lovely, free-spirited and happy girl,” her sister, Anne Jurvetson, said in a statement .
Some were suggesting that next week might be a good time to use vacation days.
The only redundancy is one novella that appears in both books: the trippy Coyote tale “Buffalo Gals, Won’t You Come Out Tonight.” Yet the two volumes are unified by Le Guin’s consistent exploration of women’s voices and the numinous, as well as her contempt for the artificial division between genre and realist literature.
By now it’s a cliché, when writing a cancer memoir, even to make a show of fighting the genre’s clichés.
In Mr. Howers’s diary he recorded the words of a night foreman at Falcon Coal in Breathitt County.
The recipient of a $25 gift card will receive $25 in the college account.
The Freedom Party, founded in the 1950s by ex-Nazis, surged this year to nearly capture the largely ceremonial presidency of Austria in May, but was defeated in a final runoff on Dec. 4.
Terrorists are streaming live video and pledging their allegiance to the Islamic State group as their attacks are unfolding, “a new phenomenon that we call ‘dying live,’” John J. Miller, the deputy police commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism, said.
On Thursday, in a nationally televised rematch of last year’s Super Bowl, the Broncos hit Newton in the head at least four times.
The first, Simon Ives, is a typically overwhelmed and overscheduled 12-year-old on the brink of adolescence.
A regulatory filing said Pershing Square planned to hold discussions with the company about a number of issues, including Chipotle’s governance and board makeup.
As his career progressed, Memling more or less cornered the market on portraiture in Bruges, appealing to both a local and an international clientele.
Around the Majors Matt Moore pitched four-hit ball into the seventh inning, and Tampa Bay beat Los Angeles, 3-1, for its first victory at Dodger Stadium.
But you can’t see “The People v. O. J.” in full without also seeing why he was acquitted.
Some critics in Europe viewed Mr. Obama’s “Asia pivot” as a realignment of priorities away from the Continent.
(Palace Theater, through Oct. 9) SMALL MOUTH SOUNDS Bess Wohl’s quiet comic gem is quite literally quiet: It takes place at a weeklong spiritual retreat where speech is largely forbidden.
Tripling its width — to about 25 inches — to measure the circumference would leave it smaller than the average American waist , which is 34 to 35 inches.
They do taste good, though, and the sharp, creamy gougères that show up next are terrific.
In North Las Vegas, Officer Scott Vaughn has investigated 80 squatting cases so far this year, and said he had seen everything: prostitution rings; teenagers using vacant homes for parties; and even a squatter who tried to pull a Jedi mind trick.
Doing that also brings back the pleasure and memory from the time I first read them.
But she’s also something different, and not “better,” as Paula described herself (whether or not she believed it).
The Musical!’ This frenetic, ribald and exhausting satire from the creators of “Bayside!
The undeveloped Stockton Island in the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore in Lake Superior is renowned for its “singing sands” on Julian Bay Beach that resound in squeaks and audible riffs when walked on or rubbed.
“To me, knowing that he painted his aunt’s house makes ‘The Little Street’ an image of remembrance,” Ms. Jansen said, as we stood in front.
Congress never provided explicit authority for the spending, she ruled.
Think of it as dried-plum pudding, and it may come to rival chocolate cake in popularity.)
Rice is learning lessons as he teaches them, which he can also use should he ever take that bridge back to the demand side.
“I have too many to mention,” it read.
Instead, the song shows Mr. Homme’s fingerprints: corkscrew riffs and neatly jolting shifts of meter and tempo.
Kenny overtook Skinner on the final straightaway to win the first of their best-of-three race, then showed some veteran poise as he held off Skinner from the lead to make it a sweep.
Like so many peddlers of mind-altering substances, he spends far too much time sampling his own stuff.
“Donald Trump’s lewd comments are the latest in a series of remarks he has made ranging from inappropriate to reprehensible that demonstrate why he is unsuitable for the presidency,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine.
We take the concerns that have been expressed by some of our members and by physicians in general seriously.
Expert bridge players struggled more than novices to adapt when the rules were changed; expert accountants were worse than novices at applying a new tax law.
The problems with “Notorious” start with its premise.
The series is a progression — in essence, a musical phrase.
He has made it clear that nothing is off the table as he tries to turn the company around.
We start from a position of hard-won strength.
Contrast that to his stirring endorsement of liberty and equality in proclaiming a constitutional right to same-sex marriage last summer.
They all contain six ingredients or fewer.
“If the sale is made and I’m not asking questions, it really doesn’t matter.” David King Reuben , a New York City artist who commissioned Mr. Ferrante to create a portrait of himself, said that Mr. Ferrante’s work reflected a convergence of representative art with modern abstract art.
They say they have been an open-minded and collaborative partner with the town and have received the backing of many residents and much of the town’s tourism industry, not to mention the other fishing cooperative.
I drove to her house less than a mile away, and knocked on her door.
This year, just 6 percent of students were proficient in English and 4 percent scored at grade level in math.
Some of the recent terrorist attacks in Turkey — including a car bombing in Ankara, the capital, in February — have been attributed to Kurdish militants, which has heightened tensions between Ankara and Washington over the support the United States has given to Syrian Kurdish militants fighting the Islamic State.
“And if it’s all about personal consumption, then the labor market is your best forward-looking indicator.”
So keen is Ngugi on landing anti-imperial punches that at times his touch becomes leaden.
Much of the book plumbs Norman’s love for Paul (and envy of him) as an angler and otherwise.
Our communities work to create new enterprise, but the downdraft of job outsourcing to penny-wage places coupled with a deluge of unchecked imports remains severe, quashing economic growth.
“Doesn’t take a weatherman to know which way the wind blows,” posted Southern Boy from the Volunteer State.
Ditto the bags, one for almost every look, which ranged from the expansive to the minuscule, the structured to the squishy.
And now we are finally here: Election Day.
Is Jamal grateful for all the advantages of fame and fortune his father has provided to him and his brothers?
One out of three Americans do not get enough sleep, according to a new study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which found that sleep schedules varied by race, age and geography.
Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, a staunch nonsupporter, warned that approving an African-American museum would only open floodgates to demands by other groups.
Aug. 30, 31 and Sept. 1 at 7 p.m. $6 to $16.
The Treasury secretary is chairman of the council and could effectively defang it, according to Ian Katz, a policy analyst at Capital Alpha who predicted that the council might essentially become “a quarterly kaffeeklatsch.” Mr. Trump was elected at a pivotal time for the S.E.C., an agency that had already turned a corner under Ms. White.
Many customers continue to swipe out of habit.
J.C. said the shootings did not give them any pause.
Claudio Maierovitch, the Brazilian Health Ministry’s director of surveillance of communicable diseases, said there was a danger that fear and scant scientific information would lead people to ignore the government’s exhortations about protecting themselves from mosquito bites and removing standing water that allows mosquitoes to breed.
Mr. Swarbrick was born in New Malden, Surrey, near London, on April 5, 1941.
Our hair was fuzzed and teased.
Let us know what you think and how you might use them.
Para matar al primer toro, Bellotero, además de José Tomás y su espada hay dos caballos con lanzas y cinco hombres.
Take away that money, and many states will no longer be able to provide care to millions of poor families.
Refit the United States Marine Corps.
Have conceived a baby Bates, whose life can only go up from here.
Thousands more have fled the camps by risking their lives at the hands of criminal syndicates that traffic them to Malaysia and Bangladesh or force them into servitude on fishing boats.
The Morbid Anatomy show, running through Nov. 6, is the first formal exhibition of a Potter piece in the United States, Ms. Ebenstein said.
“To succeed, you’ve got to love what you’re doing.
“The ball is in their court.
Still, there’s an obvious convergence of the two.
Hopefully we showed that with our fight tonight.” Chase Headley, who drove in the tying run in the fifth, scored the winner when he raced home from first base on an eighth-inning double by Austin Romine.
International human rights officials are demanding an investigation into the brutal sexual assaults of 11 Mexican women during protests a decade ago — an inquiry that would take aim at President Enrique Peña Nieto, who was the governor in charge at the time of the attacks.
“From Jacksonville, Florida, all the way up to Cape Fear, North Carolina, was nothing but a human prison camp.” Such oppression sparked many revolts, but few such insurrections proved more ambitious — or so scrupulously studied — as Denmark Vesey’s.
In the first few pages of Tim Sultan’s part-memoir, part-biography, “Sunny’s Nights,” it’s unclear which way the book will go.
Mr. Fleischer, who holds that there is an “overarching ideological edge” toward Democrats in the media, said Mr. Trump was using claims of news media bias to cover for his own missteps.
On Oct. 5 this year, May told members of her party : I want to set our party and our country on the path toward the new center ground of British politics built on the values of fairness and opportunity where everyone plays by the same rules and where every single person — regardless of their background or that of their parents — is given the chance to be all they want to be.
His rivals aren’t so diabolically hypocritical.
It will not allow someone in a same-sex civil union to legally adopt his or her partner’s biological child.
In 2011, after two years of testing their ideas at Piano Bar, Washington and his friends decided that it was time to go into the studio.
Four train lines passed right outside.
Mr. Curtis referred to the success of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and such mixed-martial-arts spectacles.
(My own provisional reaction appeared in Sunday’s paper.)
And let me tell you what the answer better not be.
While recognizing the right to peaceful protest, the embassy said, it joined others in “urging restraint and respect for constitutional institutions and respect for the rights of others.” Though the crisis seemed to be defused for the moment, Iraq’s political system is in disarray.
Later, she walked in with shawarma sandwiches.
He has not mentioned the cedar tree in weeks.
They really were raptors.’ They put their heads down and flatten their bodies out and just shoot off, zoom!” The new backyard pullets on East 15th Street in Ditmas Park, now over two months old, are taking their time learning the ropes of chickenhood.
Triglyceride levels below 150 are generally considered normal in terms of heart health; in earlier studies, levels above 1,000 were considered to be a risk factor for pancreatitis.
“Tonight I can say that we have absolutely exceeded expectations,” Mr. Kasich told a crowd gathered at a hotel here, moments after speaking at a Republican Party dinner in a nearby ballroom.
Which may be frustrating and inconclusive, but then, so is our current reality.
So yes, there are real issues with Obamacare.
But on his desk sat one of Ngetich, his high-school coach.
Highlights of this year’s incarnation include 600 Highwaymen’s “Employee of the Year,” a play for adults performed by five children; Guillermo Calderón’s “Escuela,” a period piece about paramilitary training; and “Germinal,” by Halory Goerger and Antoine Defoort, in which four performers create a whole world.
But in one class, I learned about registered dietitians working in retail, which interested me.
In meetings between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China, it has typically come up after half a dozen more pressing issues, like trade, cyberattacks and Beijing’s aggressive moves in the South China Sea.
But in an era of internet hoaxes, fabrications and the increased use of fake news around the world to further political agendas, Bana’s Twitter account has also raised some questions of veracity and authenticity.
Do you tend to pursue things because you are motivated to do them, or because your parents or teachers want you to?
Their leaders often behave more as warlords, forcibly extracting resources from local communities.
“It’s always interpretation of how things will be called,” Headley said.
Test your knowledge of these and other important questions.
Gritty amusement for a prepubescent kid.
Marc Dreesmann remembers well how his father, Anton, a third-generation department-store owner and art collector, hung a particular artwork in pride of place in the entryway of their home in Amsterdam.
For that reason, it is also inspiring.
But there’s a clip of Secretary Clinton.
The coaches are fraternal twins.
For example, on Feb. 28, 1980, the mother and twin daughters of one democracy activist were stabbed to death, allegedly by the Kuomintang though the murderers have never been identified.
Don’t let the idea of making pasta at home intimidate you; it just takes practice to master the process.
I hope Hillary Clinton will be committed to their needs and, in that way, heal the painful divide in our country.
Last November, after the release of the commission’s first report foreshadowing what could come, the I.O.C.
Shrugging, he said, “You get used to it, and you just do it.” Although Cole and Lucas were in a parkour class together, there is no official course requirement or fee to enjoy this ancient outcropping of bedrock in the middle of Manhattan.
All four men were killed in the shootout.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
Celebrated as a Silicon Valley disrupter set to transform the financial industry, Lending Club first issued public shares at $15 in December 2014.
My grandfather thought that the drops of rain were catching a patch of sun at a strange angle.
Greater risks are taken, as when Lopakhin caps a speech of triumph with a pretty glorious rendition of “My Way,” and these have their rewards, too.
There is also death by reverence, death by ubiquity, death by subtle retail-shop humiliation.
“But still, they look at us funny.” He says people often ask how it feels to play in Germany, and now, for once, he wants to give the honest answer: “I feel nothing.
The group, standing beneath an antibullying poster mounted on the wall, looked to the opposite side of the room, where two undecided voters were being buttonholed by Betty Crawford, the Clinton precinct captain.
No money was involved, and the penalties would be too slight.
This exhibition at Discovery Times Square features more than 70 costumes and artifacts from the “Star Wars” franchise, including the latest movie, “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.” The show also offers filmed interviews with designers and actors; sketches, photographs and notes; and a special-effects interactive in which visitors can see an image of themselves as a “Star Wars” character.
The students inflected their voices and gestured with gusto to regain their attention.
“I want you to imagine how much better our future can be if we declare independence from the elites who’ve led us to one financial and foreign policy disaster after another,” he told cheering supporters.
A city called Zelenograd came to life on the outskirts of Moscow and was populated with all manner of brainy Soviet engineers.
This exhibition of more than 90 works includes many side-by-side comparisons of the two artists.
The assessment of Mr. Rahami by the F.B.I.
It is 23 billion cubic meters, not 23 million.
… AW: And only missing because he was dead drunk.
The number of visitors to the city may rise even further now that international travelers are avoiding destinations like Turkey and Tunisia because of fears of terrorism and unrest.
I am in awe of it.” Gordon Davidson was born on May 7, 1933, in Brooklyn.
But perhaps the ultimate goal of researchers in this field is to turn the waste product of fuel-burning into new fuel.
“Look what happened in Dallas ,” said Sheriff Sid J. Gautreaux III of East Baton Rouge Parish, referring to the fatal shooting of five officers by a sniper during a peaceful protest march in that city.
The data consistently shows that about 90 percent of us possess some implicit prejudices — and, unsurprisingly, people typically favor their own group.
It just wasn’t one that I particularly enjoyed, because my brain just does not work that way.
Finding parking may become a thing of the past (as will parking tickets).
“Plus, we collect a very diverse assortment of clothing.
Plug in your monthly spending and it will cull through 55 cards to make a personalized recommendation.
When Mr. Mendel sent Ms. McCullaugh a message through OkCupid in August 2012, she was skeptical about online dating.
Wen Donghai, a lawyer for Ms. Wang, said he had not spoken with her since the video was released but suspected that the confession was not genuine.
You can’t force such a task to fit within the constraints of a four-year election cycle.
But the little pad of paper we nabbed from the Arizona Inn in Tucson calls to us from the kitchen counter, its first sheet begging to be filled with a list of supplies to buy in advance of an afternoon of cooking and a long, glorious week of eating.
★ ‘BROOKLYN COMEDY FESTIVAL’ (Monday through Aug. 28) Now in its fourth year, this annual comedy festival continues to expand throughout the borough, mixing established regular shows in Brooklyn with special one-off events.
Liebling came to Louisiana in 1960 to write a profile of him for The New Yorker, Long had compiled a truly tumultuous political career.
He became so well known as an internet brawler that he transitioned into organized mixed martial arts, becoming one of the sport’s most famous professionals if not the most accomplished.
Their body of work was impressive, including a Ph.D. thesis by former refugee Dimal Basha and a report by Shpend Kursani for the Kosovo Center for Security Studies.
“If they had been aware of it, they should have investigated it years ago.
And they will fail to prevent the evacuation of Amona in the coming weeks.
Recent years have been marred by a series of player strikes and board disputes.
Estimates range from 500,000 to eight million dead, according to a 2011 paper by Song Yongyi, a scholar of the Cultural Revolution.
And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
You don’t want it to happen during the season.
Whatever the discomfort, it is usually worth the effort.
Andrew M. Cuomo of New York have been praised for rooting out corruption in the past.
I’ve seen people displaced by sub-Saharan African wars that dragged on for so long that their children and grandchildren were born in enormous, forgotten refugee camps.
Democrats like Mr. Gianaris feel strongly that a full majority in the Senate is within that party’s reach, especially if it can maximize anti-Trump sentiments in places like Nassau County .
John Kasich served 18 years in the House of Representatives and is a two-term Ohio governor.
What we saw were beautiful cars.
Shareholders are reaping more in the form of corporate profits.
By midday, the system was reporting minor delays .
Friedreich’s ataxia , a little-known, progressive, fatal neuromuscular disease, has no cure; most heartless of all, its onset usually occurs in young children, who are unlikely to reach the age of 30.
In recent years, the board has become slightly more diverse — there is again a single black man, and the chairwoman, Tina Stanford, is also black — but nine of the 13 commissioners are white.
Fewer jobs are being created on Mr. Modi’s watch than under the previous government of quasi-foreign liberals.
A little homework equals peace of mind and, just maybe, some status.
hired Korn Ferry, an executive search group, to help find and promote minority candidates through interview preparation, résumé writing, career planning and networking.
Dr. Portugalov came to global prominence in 2014 when two Russian whistle-blowers identified him as a linchpin distributor in Russia’s state-run doping scheme.
Every day he eats well.
Mr. Cuomo had also already unveiled more than a week’s worth of proposals before the State of the State address, vowing to remake the state’s infrastructure, remedy deficiencies in minority-owned businesses and address recidivism with various criminal justice reforms , among other plans.
The lawyers who petitioned the court for a special prosecutor charged that in the course of what they described as a massive cover-up, officers had “intimidated witnesses, manufactured witness statements, destroyed evidence, prepared false police reports and may have provided false grand jury testimony” as part of an effort to portray the shooting as a heroic act of self-defense by a police officer in danger.
And that’s the way I feel.
The spring season is continuing to look grim for several new shows.
GILMORE : Martha, I just visited a community mental health clinic in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, just three days ago, as a matter of fact.
The issue can be overwhelming.
The restaurateur Stephen Starr, known for popular New York spots such as Buddakan and Upland, is behind the restaurant in Logan Circle, which is about a 20-minute drive from Capitol Hill.
By the time many tried to return to Japan, it was too late.
Linda Golden Bloomfield Hills, Mich.
East End Arts Gallery, 133 East Main Street.
BEFORE The “Leave” campaign promised that Britain would be able to save 350 million pounds a week , or about $462 million as of Monday, that could be spent on the National Health Service, schools and housing.
Running time: 1 hour 46 minutes.
I have been wondering about this for a long time, but it is a secret from my husband, and I am too embarrassed to discuss the issue with friends.
Speaking to the council on Tuesday, Samantha Power, the American ambassador, emphasized what she called the need for all member states to cooperate with the secretary general’s investigations of atrocities against children in war.
Ansonia Nature Center, 10 Deerfield Road.
But this week’s summit meeting in Japan is the first among major allies since Mr. Trump moved decisively toward securing the Republican nomination, and Mr. Obama’s counterparts are likely to want more detail in his explanations of an election that has prompted fascination and apprehension overseas.
President Obama will call for spending $4 billion to help states pay for computer science education in the schools when he presents his 2017 budget to Congress, administration officials say.
ALEXANDER WANG Our first fashion week show, for fall 2007, was in a Chelsea warehouse.
At 17, with an offer from a college a few miles from my father’s house, I didn’t really consider what it would be like to exist as black in a community that had managed to keep itself white.
In September, Congress reset the expiration date on parts of the so-called EB-5 program to Dec. 9.
Legend has it that rugby sprang into being one day in 1823 at the Rugby School in Rugby, England, when 16-year-old William Webb Ellis, “with a fine disregard for the rules of football as played in his time, first took the ball in his arms and ran with it.” Until the beginning of the professional era in 1995, the main branch of the game, known as Rugby Union, held fast to its amateur status, and to a manly, aristocratic ethos that idealized the carnage of concussions and separated shoulders as unselfish character-building sacrifice for Team, God and Country.
Like his other environmental artworks, which try to reframe familiar landscapes, the 15 million euro project (or $16.8 million), will be funded through the sale of his original drawings and collages.
Anna Holmes is an award-winning writer who has contributed to numerous publications, including The Washington Post, Salon, Newsweek and The New Yorker online.
They can do so, in part, because their overhead is much lower.
But when Jason finds himself in a film-noir universe where a neon sign sputters in the rain outside a hotel-room window while a shadowy stranger watches from behind a lit cigarette, or in an especially nightmarish technological upgrade of C.S.
Mr. Pham, who was extradited from Britain to the United States last year, pleaded guilty in January to three terrorism-related charges.
Après il y avait l’aspect humain, on parlait aux victimes pour leur expliquer ce qu’on allait faire, c’était beaucoup dans l’humain.
The Communist Party maintains strict control over media companies.
And good people, it’s not only money that gets you good people, it’s a good environment, it’s good what you’re doing.” Steiner returned to the series this season with a new concept for running a team.
“Look, we are looking forward to it.
Bretagne, a golden retriever believed to be the last surviving search-and-rescue dog to brave the rubble of the World Trade Center site, looking for survivors of the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, died at a veterinarian’s office in Cypress, Tex., on Monday.
I understand that, that’s what you do in campaigns, but at the same time let’s not be — in, I think an unfair way, making an accusation, or making an attack about where I stand and about where I’ve always stood.
It avenged November’s crushing 4-0 loss to Barcelona in Madrid.
It doesn’t help that Mr. Hollande was elected on a skewer-the-rich platform (remember the 75 percent income tax?).
“Ankara is tied to both countries in strategic ways, which makes it an ideal player for mediation,” said Erdem Aydin, an expert on Iran who works as a commentator for CNN Turk.
Davis, who led the majors with 47 home runs last season, hit his sixth homer in the second inning and had a run-scoring single during the fourth, tying a career high for hits.
As we continue “Jeff Chen Week,” a celebration that I totally made up but which should be a real thing, we also welcome Kathy Matheson, a relatively new constructor who makes her New York Times crossword debut today.
As for Mr. Xue, he was detained during a crackdown on influential opinion-makers whose microblogs had millions of online followers.
The new level of scrutiny at Roland Garros is evident and understandable as France, still in a state of emergency, prepares for two months of sport that also present a major security headache.
When I found one answer (TWO BAGGER) that had two HEADS, I thought it would be nicer if another answer also had two; finding one that worked took some time but I like the result.
The grocery store chain has been a destination for gourmands in New York for decades, but it has faced increasing pressure in recent years from fresh-food rivals, like Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe’s.
She is a Pokot, not a Nandi, the dominant Kenyan running tribe.
Citigroup said Friday its first-quarter profit shrank 27 percent on weak results from its consumer bank and trading businesses, but the bank’s net income and revenue were greater than expected.
Feel the pulsing rhythms, like soldiers marching or the relentless ticking of a clock.
“Republicans: This is your sign from God.” Jeff Sadowsky, a spokesman for the pro-Rubio group, Conservative Solutions PAC, said on Saturday that he expected the race to “go on for quite some time.” The group is planning to begin what Mr. Sadowsky described as a “multistate, multimillion-dollar advertising effort” on Tuesday.
In the story, a group of soldiers lures the Japanese Army up a mountain during World War II, giving the Chinese Army time to regroup.
When not showing various gilded, marbled meeting rooms, the producers intersperse gorgeous shots of Chechnya, using drone footage that caresses glittering new skyscrapers, soaring mountains, pristine lakes and historic stone towers.
Work your way up to practicing this pattern for 10 to 20 minutes a day.
Angered clerics exhorted the government to cancel the match, warning that instead of lamenting the death of Hussein, people might cheer for their earthly national team.
“He says, ‘We’re going to play ‘Star Wars’ today because you can’t talk,’” she said.
I grew up listening to Don Imus, who would use that expression all the time.
“I want to see Obama at the memorial, but I don’t want to see Abe by his side,” Ms. Moritaki said.
Signs urging vigilance in health and safety cover nearly every wall.
“This is, like, one of my favorite places,” he said.
We joined our fellow guests from the other five rooms, dining at a single table; places were assigned by napkin holders engraved with room names.
One of the largest rescues of pets in the history of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is being carried out in North Carolina, where 600 or more dogs, cats, horses and other animals have been seized from a no-kill shelter.
It links the reviews to concerns about China’s digital security vulnerabilities and what it characterizes as a technology gap between China and countries like the United States, Russia, Israel, Britain and Germany.
The scarcity of the party-hard population was no accident.
Ibrahim was sentenced in August 2010 to nine years in prison for attempted murder and received parole in October 2014.
It’s about whether we slow down and change the terms of a bad trade deal so that it benefits working people — those Americans who lay awake at night wondering how they’re going to make ends meet.
“I can’t wait.”) The movie, with its naughty forbidden-desires story line, seems pitched to the sexy imaginings of teeny-boppers who were fans of the Jonas Brothers, Mr. Jonas’s boy band, almost a decade ago.
The Bottom Line Largely because Samsung, the king of Android phones, is in the penalty box, now is a good time to consider trying something new, be it a different phone service or a different operating system altogether.
So he has opened his own coffee and doughnut shop, with help from his stepfather, the chef Michael Symon.
Though she was now dating someone else, and Mr. Albertson was dating off and on, they stayed friends, accompanying each other to the ballet, museums and concerts.
Instead, I hope we follow Mr. Roth’s postelection advice that “we have to remain vigilant to protect the people and values we care about,” but also that “we need more conversation across political and cultural differences, and we need new modes of engagement.” I hope we exit our echo chambers, abandon the vitriol and name-calling, and find common ground where we can debate solutions instead of taking the ball and going home at the first sign of disagreement.
It is telling that Totti’s most precious memories date back quite some way.
When he finally rose to assistant chief of the defense staff in charge of reserves and cadets under Prime Minister Tony Blair, he stepped down after he was identified as a client of the same escort service that had been patronized by Eliot Spitzer, the disgraced former governor of New York.
What did Suicide draw from, and what did it lead to?
July 17 at 12:30 p.m. $10.
My senior year of high school, W.E.B.
Stopping them proved to be another issue altogether.
It’s not like the modem light that blinks regularly when we are using the internet, but the blinking seems more steady and I don’t lose my network connection.
On the other side, the Justice Department disclosed on Friday that the government was working on agreements with foreign governments to allow them to serve orders on technology companies in the United States to obtain emails and conduct wiretaps, according to The Wall Street Journal .
A currency designed to bring computer precision and traceability to money has been marked by multiple unsolved mysteries swirling around it.
I would do a smaller gig and advertise the fact up front — I’d probably call the tour “Deep Cuts” or something, so you knew it was going to be just really deep cuts that only the aficionados would know.
Countless communities are vulnerable because of limited resources and poor infrastructure.
다른 원숭이들과 같이 앉아 있거나 다른 원숭이의 털을 빗겨주거나 신체를 접촉하는 사회적 행동 역시 덜 드러냈다.
A university spokesman, Christopher Davey, said that could occur even if only one beer were sold at a time, and that the university was also enforcing the law.
And even then he felt the need to apologize for such attachments: “Nobody can write the history of the twentieth century like that of any other era, if only because nobody can write about his or her lifetime as one can (and must) write about a period known only from outside, at second or third-hand, from sources of the period or the works of later historians (...) This is one reason why under my professional hat as a historian I avoided working on the era since 1914 for most of my career.” Let’s heed the advice/warning by the great historian and resist the temptation to overemphasize what Thomas Hylland Eriksen has called, with particular reference to the power of the media, the “tyranny of the moment.” The refugees might have indeed more entitlements than most other categories to hold the status of “the defining scapegoats” of “our times” — but for how long?
Ms. Garner is then shown sitting on a couch.
But in recent years, technological advances have brought a host of noninvasive methods for scanning and analyzing manuscripts, which have revolutionized our understanding of the materials and techniques that went into their creation.
Hadley Catherine Planting and Alexander Fellows Powell were married Aug. 27 in Northeast Harbor, Me.
The Miami Marlins, who are contending for their first playoff berth since 2003, are in the market for a power hitter to replace the injured slugger Giancarlo Stanton, who was placed on the disabled list Sunday with a strained groin and will probably miss the rest of the regular season.
They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but is the nation’s top securities cop letting the New York Stock Exchange carry that a bit too far?
Thieves, gunslingers and drug dealers have only one escape route, so they go elsewhere.
Koivu scored the last two goals for the Wild, who go home still down by three games to two in the best-of-seven series.
Barnet Kellman directs the obsequies.
I suspect it’s because men are making the laws when those taxes were passed.”
Epinephrine isn’t an elective medication.
The prosecutor called the motion to dismiss Judge Persky “a rare and carefully considered step.” Mr. Rosen also said, “In the future, we will evaluate each case on its own merits and decide if we should use our legal right to ask for another judge in order to protect public safety and pursue justice.” Judge Persky faces an election in November but is running uncontested.
The members differ from many rail fans not just in their personal backgrounds (all of the Super Subway Bros. belong to racial minority groups), but in how they communicate their fandom: the internet.
The flytrap expends energy only to produce enzymes when they are needed and only in the amount needed, an efficient mechanism for a plant living in a poor environment.
You can keep a safe distance from that convention center pizza.
At 7:30 p.m., 643 Park Avenue, at 67th Street, 212-933-5812, armoryonpark.org.
I’m very proud that I support legislation that is currently in the Congress, got support of almost all progressive Democrats in the House and Senate, which says we will end the absurdity of women today making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men.
Ewan McGregor and Naomie Harris, as a British couple in Marrakesh, Morocco, meet a charming Russian (Stellan Skarsgard) who turns out to be a major money launderer.
And though Mr. Trump spoke warmly of Mr. Pence, he has not indicated a clear preference for him.
Adrià began his career as a pastry chef, and invented the seasonal desserts served at the legendary Michelin three-star El Bulli before it closed five years ago.
Hotel Fasano Punta del Este reopens in December, rates from $420; Fasano Angra dos Reis opens March 2017; rates from $450.
“The fact that they stay all day in a dining area, I guess, is not ideal, but I don’t see them bothering anyone,” said the man, Carlo Valladares, 22, of Long Island.
You are expected to stand, cheek by jowl with your fellow circusgoers, for the show’s duration.
A booking agent in California writes about the Los Angeles rock scene.
What might be the effect on reflection of this compulsive behavior?
When Evo Morales, Bolivia’s first indigenous president, took office a decade ago, he vowed to put this impoverished town in the Amazon Basin on the kind of pedestal often reserved for a capital city.
Consider the episode’s other love triangle, between Jamie and the two principal Nasty Bits, Kip and Alex.
After winning the first round of voting in 1990, Mr. Vargas Llosa lost in a landslide to the underdog Alberto Fujimori.
■ Step two: track .
Morningstar reckons that over half of Baxalta’s revenue in its main franchise of hematology could come under fire from more competitive products from Roche and Biogen.
Ending it on a note of near-total uncertainty, with virtually none of its major story lines resolved for either good or ill, is somehow even crueler.
At the time, Mr. Perrone struggled financially and lived in a deteriorating three-story home on Staten Island that neighbors said had looked “haunted and unlivable” for decades.
A Trump adviser tweeted, “Amazing comments from the pope — considering Vatican City is 100% surrounded by massive walls.” But a European commentator deciphered the clash as the pope’s answer to a growing Western populism that “expresses a resentment and hatred towards the ‘foreigner’ born of fear and economic insecurity.” _____ 6.
Mr. Purdy and some siblings were playing cards at a table in a cramped kitchen of her sixth-floor apartment.
The bracing scale of the mural is fully visible only from the Mokattam Hill on the edge of the district, near a famous cathedral carved inside a cave.
Within a day, Mr. Luczak said, the F.B.I.
He has something in common with Jim Garrison in “J.F.K.” and Ron Kovic in “Born on the Fourth of July,” and also with Chris Taylor and Bud Fox, the characters played by Charlie Sheen in “Platoon” and “Wall Street.” Like those young men in a hurry, Edward falls under the sway of two antithetical father figures, a silky apparatchik played by Rhys Ifans, and an unbuttoned renegade played by Nicolas Cage.
While there is no legal conflict of interest that would prevent the state’s attorney’s office from continuing the prosecution of this case, I believe that the results of the recent election and the impending transition of this office make this the best and most responsible decision.” Kim Foxx, the Democratic nominee for state’s attorney who defeated Ms. Alvarez, a two-term incumbent, by almost 30 percentage points, said the call for a special prosecutor was “clearly the appropriate decision in this case.” Cook County Judge Vincent Gaughan said he would consider the question, and set a hearing on the matter for June 2.
BLT Prime by David Burke has moved into one of the hotel’s restaurant spaces: 1100 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington.
A summary of what is known and not known about the nightclub attack is here .
Most often, the technology has involved computer security and encryption software, similar to the current case.
On a chilly morning, I sat across the room asking it for travel information.
And Mr. Babcock howls even when he doesn’t need to, which is probably why he developed a potentially career-threatening cyst on his vocal cords last year.
“I don’t care if you get a conviction or not.
Iranian-supported militias, elite Iraqi counterterrorism forces and Sunni police officers are all taking part in the operation , raising concerns that it could feed sectarian tensions.
The league had an app ready at the 2008 unveiling of the App Store, and Mr.
She is very fond of Andre Agassi, and misses him, but fell hardest for Rafael Nadal.
After graduating from Mansfield Senior High School in 1954, he enrolled in Howard University in Washington, but he left during his freshman year to enlist in the Air Force.
The school district where I live just settled a teachers’ contract retroactively.
In one scene late in that novel, an imam hounds Harun, the brother of the unnamed Arab who was killed in “The Stranger.” In response, Harun gives a litany of his own impieties, culminating in the declaration that “God is a question, not an answer.” Harun’s declaration resonates with me as a teacher and student of philosophy.
You may need to guide them, but don’t be surprised if students arrive there on their own; besides the funny or silly outliers, the most-appreciated comments seem to be those that acknowledge both sides, use relevant examples and facts, and adopt a polite tone.
The Meredith Corporation is preparing to abandon its last-ditch plea to combine with Media General, said people briefed on the discussions.
The man Ms. Martin had been with for nearly a decade died of cancer as sales dwindled to little more than rent money.
He had kept and made use of it all, he said: Hanging over his twin bed, as a makeshift shade for the space’s only window, was a 10-foot-long banner of Cheserek in midstride.
He said that as borough president he dealt extensively with real estate issues, and had once been for a time a Mitchell-Lama affordable-housing activist.
In the Republican primary that year, only 1,075 people voted in the district; Mr. Romney won easily with 653 votes.
Elected officials, she said, like the opportunity to talk about how the holidays save voters money.
“I would expect to see some meaningful internal adjustments.
Why was Daniel Holtzclaw described as white instead of half Asian-American during the trial?
The toxic coating on his hollow remark incensed Peter T. King, the Republican congressman from Long Island, who cannot stand Mr. Cruz to begin with.
• Window Wars I open the windows in the lobby of my co-op building for ventilation — the area gets overheated and cigarette smoke from a first-floor apartment creates a stench.
(4 p.m., Fulton Ferry Landing, bargemusic.org.)
The moves worked seamlessly, helping the Yankees secure a 2-1 win over the Chicago White Sox at Yankee Stadium.
Ferentz and Oklahoma’s Bob Stoops are the nation’s longest-tenured coaches, having been hired within days of each other in 1999.
At Horizon, five ferries are in various stages of completion, propped up on wooden blocks beneath a 50-foot-tall shed that was expanded for the project.
El ministerio de Salud de El Salvador está preocupado en particular por el aumento de casos del síndrome Guillain-Barré, que causa parálisis generalmente temporal.
Her documentary, “Gringo Trails,” has been shown at dozens of festivals and in more than 20 countries since 2014, and recently was released on DVD (it is also available on iTunes and Amazon Video).
Mr. Enzi and the chairman of the House Budget Committee, Representative Tom Price of Georgia, have said they will not invite Mr. Obama’s budget director, Shaun Donovan, to testify before their panels, That is a break with a tradition dating to the start of the modern budget process in 1975 and a snub that captures the hostility that Mr. Obama’s agenda faces.
And if Russia respected our country, they would have sent him back immediately, but he was a spy.
Tighter financial conditions after a global stock market sell-off pose a risk to capital spending.
On the way back we anchored in a quiet inlet.
The conservative Tax Foundation estimated that the Ryan plan would cost $2.4 trillion in the first decade, without accounting for growth.
Apparently, I remembered it too well.” With flashes of humor, candor and emotion that have been so rare during his campaign, Mr. Rubio was making an effort to push back against the emerging caricature of him as a candidate: robotic, stiff and over-rehearsed.
Fashion, which was once a world defined by exclusivity — clothes for the very rich, or the very skinny; clothes for insiders, for people who knew where to shop — has, in recent years, undergone a democratic revolution.
Others say the department’s Civil Rights Division in the Bush era was sometimes a hostile environment — an inspector general’s report noted that one leader compared voting-rights lawyers to mold spores — and that Obama-era lawsuits, while fewer in number, have had national rather than local impacts.
It was certain to offend.
Kim Ki-nam, the director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department, which controls all media in North Korea, was also blacklisted.
Shaharyar, their oldest son, co-founded a biotech firm that Omer, their youngest son, works at.
While Mr. Welch said he will not be voting for Mr. Trump, Ms. Hill said she would consider it.
It’s unclear both whether they will be able to decide it, and if they can, how a decision will affect other kinds of anti-abortion laws.
According to the city’s School Quality Snapshot, 43 percent of students met state standards in English in 2014-2015, versus 30 percent citywide; 61 percent did so in math, versus 39 percent.
“I wanted to go against the best and defend the best.
“That makes you feel good and confident that he knows what he wants to call.
Mr. Cosby has denied the allegations brought forth by dozens of women that he sexually assaulted them.
Ms. Hassan, 58, a former State Senate majority leader who helped pass same-sex marriage, allied herself with the Democrats’ biggest stars, including President and Michelle Obama, as they flooded the state for Hillary Clinton.
and counterterrorism officials with the New York Police Department, trying unsuccessfully to offer clandestine assistance in the fight against the Islamic State.
Somali security officials said that the attack began when explosives loaded into at least two vehicles were detonated close to a security checkpoint near the garden, killing two guards.
But in a separate interview on MSNBC on Thursday, Mr. Pence made clear that the Muslim ban was no longer on the table.
He provides the film’s dramatic tension by leaving the group to go “parading” with a Pentax 35-millimeter camera, after Wilfred Brambell, the actor playing Paul’s rascal grandfather, persuades him to walk out on the impending TV concert.
That’s a process of days, not months.
There are people — I categorize them as life’s losers — who get their sense of accomplishment and achievement from trying to stop others.
Since these sectors offer little productivity growth and are generally isolated from foreign competition, they cannot pull a nation out of poverty.
TARRYTOWN “Monty Python and the Holy Grail” (1975), directed by Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones.
Stanley K. Sheinbaum, a former economics professor who worked for liberal candidates and causes and dauntlessly injected himself into political controversies abroad, died on Monday at his home in Los Angeles.
“And most black people, I would venture, don’t want either.” But he warns about false equivalency.
Everyone at the market in New York has summer squash now, and most vegetable gardens are brimming with it.
And I think, in this case, maybe it’s a good thing!” From the beginning the work of Fischli/Weiss (pronounced Veiss), who paired up amid a stew of leftist politics and punk-rock bands in late 1970s Zurich, was about heroic failure, depicting a relentlessly hopeful industriousness that everyone but the protagonists of their work plainly realizes is doomed.
To receive it in your inbox, register here .
He had traveled to Beijing to meet Mao in 1954 without setting off mass protests.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
But I am not going to say the loneliness isn’t palpable, that I don’t wake up in the middle of the night in a state of panic, wondering if I am going to be alone for the rest of my life.
He also wanted to nurture his son’s development.
(Elise Czajkowski) ‘Hersterical Mothers Day’ (Sunday) Cristina Cote hosts a special Mother’s Day edition of her variety show, which donates some of its proceeds to the cancer charity Gilda’s Club.
The stock rose more than 17 percent on Thursday.
I was at the bridge.
What has happened in the last two days?
While historians cannot say with certainty how large the site of the Isthmian Games had been at its height, when it featured an imposing shrine to the god Poseidon (plundered and destroyed by the fifth century A.D.), it would have extended far beyond the few hundred meters first cleared there by archaeologists in the 1950s.
“It was bad,” she said.
It will be a general tool, designed for general purposes in a general context.
The United States government improperly withheld documents from investors who were suing the government over its decision in 2012 to seize all of the profits of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the mortgage finance giants, a federal judge has ruled.
Here are five things you already do — shop, eat, pay bills, drive, give to charity — that can help you get free flights and hotel stays.
Vasip Sahin of Istanbul said in a televised statement.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
The documents cited transactions by associates of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, relatives of President Xi Jinping of China ; and the soccer star Lionel Messi, along with people in dozens of countries who may have used offshore bank accounts and shell companies to avoid paying taxes or to shield their wealth.
He was also quick to vent his apparent frustration with what he characterized as his sluggish, foolhardy and sometimes drunken fellow escapee, Mr. Matt.
One pair critique her as if they are Olympic judges, then motion as though lifting their respective top lips up with a string.
Seven milliseconds later, the signal hit the Hanford site.
Aug. 19 at 9 p.m. $15.
Over the next few years, dozens of other gaming entrepreneurs started their own daily fantasy companies.
ADULT ONSET , by Ann-Marie MacDonald.
But two New York entrepreneurs are shaking up that image and adding a little sophistication with their ready-to-drink cocktail shots, called LIQS .
Christie’s, which has already created themed sale weeks and auctions that mix collecting categories, has moved up its sales of old masters and 19th-century art to Oct. 26.
Though immigration or terrorism did not rank at the top of most voters’ concerns, the majority of voters who said immigration or terrorism was their top issue favored Mr. Trump.
In Iowa, where Mr. Cruz won the caucuses earlier this month, a little over six in 10 caucus goers were evangelical Christians.
The controllers are removed from the Nintendo Switch and held in each hand, or connected together into a single controller with an optional accessory.
But “Eye in the Sky” allows the story’s absurdist elements to speak for themselves.
The best-known of the four, the former all-around gold medalist Nastia Liukin, has replaced Elfi Schlegel as NBC’s lead gymnastics analyst, joining the veteran Tim Daggett.
They whooped and hollered and sang; they were old hippies and young progressives excited by the idea of changing the world, even if the odds of putting any of Mr. Brown’s ideas into law seemed long.
They conclude with the day Nike went public in 1980.
Early results indicate that some theaters have instead seen “double-digit percentage growth,” Mr. Bakal said.
It didn’t set the record for duration, however, because it landed an hour early.
However, this produces some chilling possibilities for politics.
I obeyed this until I could not find anyone I wanted to marry and grew impatient.
At 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and midnight, Upright Citizens Brigade Theater East, 153 East Third Street, East Village, 212-366-9231, east.ucbtheatre.com.
The Colombian director Ciro Guerra pays homage to fallen Amazonian civilizations in the Oscar-nominated “Embrace of the Serpent.” And “Take 5: Justice in America” tackles election year issues in five-minute documentaries.
“What happened in Flint should not have happened,” the agency said in a statement.
If you were going to spend nearly the entire month of January in a town of about 2,000 people — isolated by distance in the high eastern Oregon desert, and often with bad weather to boot — you could do a lot worse.
You can use a paring knife to cut through the skin that connects the legs to the body, then just press down and pull on the thighs until you hear them pop out of their sockets and lie flat.
A sugary drink would normally suppress IGF 1.
The outbreak has not spread to humans or other animals.
She complains to Issa afterward that she’s angry her romantic life is not working out.
In noting that the partial truce had fallen apart in some parts of Syria, Mr. Kerry acknowledged what has been clear for more than a week on the ground: The relative respite from violence brought by the two-month reduction in hostilities has come to a resounding end in many areas, especially Aleppo, where more than 200 people have died in the past week, most of them civilians.
A report released last year by Save the Children, an advocacy group, found that few of the recommendations of a federal commission on children and disasters, which was set up after Hurricane Katrina, have been carried out nationally.
Everyone had made the best of it, sitting in their beach chairs and sharing snacks as they watched the street fill up with fantastical-looking armored vehicles from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the Naval Criminal Investigative Service; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; and a few local agencies.
Independent New York , for example, aims to be more of an art exhibition than a trade fair.
The Watermill Center, 39 Watermill Towd Road.
When she was hired at “The Daily Show” during the tenure of then-host Jon Stewart, Ms. Williams, now 26, was its first black female correspondent.
Most had not seen Murphy since the World Series, or since the Mets had let him sign with the Nationals in free agency.
“You Go Girl!” celebration of female artists.
I recently broke up with a longtime girlfriend.
He gets most of his playing time in practice as a member of the scout team.
Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, said he had urged the White House to select a centrist candidate with impeccable credentials for the court.
How do we do this?
Why do you think Trump does this so much?
Officers later learned that the car, a 2015 Hyundai sedan, was stolen from Connecticut, the police said, and they found ammunition and marijuana inside it.
In that sense, the motives of the Trump campaign and the Republican Party have aligned after months of mutual mistrust.
(Read her aching poem “From a Survivor.”) We know that she took on a public commitment to lesbian identity and to the struggles against sexism, racism, colonialism, classism, ageism, homophobia.
A side dish that comes with the beef is a rare mismatch: thin, crunchy slices of potatoes boulangère that don’t absorb the juices of the braised oxtail underneath.
Halfway through 2015, it appeared as if SunEdison would be a bright spot in his otherwise beleaguered portfolio of stocks.
He says he believes they did not want to compete for the state’s stamp of approval, since competition might have made working with the state’s plan unprofitable or close to it, or brought unwanted attention to other high-cost plans that their customers already had.
Inside, the store is full of more art than many of the city’s galleries, including origamilike chandeliers and feather-light hanging steel filaments.
Nearly every big-time local team agreed to participate, but two did not.
Having been expelled with other Jewish students from German public schools, he needed to develop a skill, his father had told him.
In an interview last month shortly before the Republican presidential debate in North Charleston, Mr. Scott insisted that he had not settled on Mr. Rubio.
European Central Bank officials acknowledged Wednesday that €500 bills play a role in illegal transactions like money laundering and in financing terrorism .
His company will have franchises in 100 markets in 18 states by year-end, up from one location eight years ago.
“As our team processes millions of reports each week, we occasionally make a mistake,” a Facebook spokeswoman wrote in an email.
Guides to the trails can be found at trails.mendocinolandtrust.org , a site from the Mendocino Land Trust offering free maps that can be downloaded.
Increasingly anxious Republicans have not come up with a unified strategy for containing the damage from Mr. Trump’s embattled candidacy, and several strategists and party officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity said they were awaiting a new round of polling before settling on a course.
(Typically, a drug has to beat a control, usually a placebo, in two randomized clinical trials.)
Her dancers move with curiosity and intention; they’re individuals who rely on one another (0:45).
The “ziki fly” was an incorrect reference to Zika, a mosquito-borne virus that might be linked to abnormally small heads in newborns.
A Musical Tribute to the Legendary Venue.” April 2 at 8 p.m. $30.
Some Republican leaders and donors see an electoral disaster if Ted Cruz, above, and Donald Trump continue to dominate.
The figures Tuesday also confirmed that the emissions scandal was having the biggest effect on the company’s reputation and sales in the United States.
(Johnson) ★ Duke Riley: ‘Fly by Night’ (closes on Sunday) An unusual way to soothe the city’s tensions is to spend an early weekend evening watching the multitalented artist and bird maven Duke Riley lead 2,000 pigeons — each with tiny LED lights affixed to an ankle — in this waterside performance at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
“I fought the name Millicent my entire life, having to spell it for people since I was in kindergarten,” said Ms. Peralta-Ramos, who now divides her time between Jackson Hole and Los Angeles, where the collection is produced.
In a later quarterfinal game, Allonzo Trier scored 23 points, Ryan Anderson had 17 points and 11 rebounds, and No.
Rick Scott, a Republican and one of the named defendants in the lawsuit, had resisted calls from Democrats to extend the voter registration period, which was scheduled to end on Tuesday.
The Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center will be transformed more than once during the festival: a special Noh stage is being built there for a series of performances by a venerable company from Japan, Kanze Noh Theater.
He brought out the electric stimulator again.
Ms. Hobdy said that she did not observe any injuries that appeared serious, but that some people seemed to have back pain, and that others were using clothing to try to stop the flow of blood from cuts.
Belgian prosecutors said Friday that the Algerian man killed in the raid, Mr. Belkaid, was “most probably” a man who had helped the Paris attackers.
And she actually did feel it.
“We decided to come back and make things better for the skaters,” said Jim Lau, head designer for the state project.
There is a photo of children about to head out to hunt geese just outside their village in Alaska .
She had struggled with alcoholism, and she attended rehab in the late 1990s.
The show, with music by Chris Miller, lyrics by Nathan Tysen and a book by Claudia Shear and Tim Federle, opened to mixed reviews and was nominated for only one Tony Award: best costume design, by Gregg Barnes.
Her current boyfriend is a 24-year-old Arab university student.
1 trade partner and sends more tourists than any other country.
On April 24, the City Ballet principal Adrian Danchig-Waring posted a video of Gretchen Smith and himself performing a dance with the caption “Two Old Jews (searching for lost glasses, memories).” They’re playing versions, it turns out, of “Samuel Goldenberg and Schmuÿle,” Jewish men in two paintings Mussorgsky owned.
“It should be a slam dunk,” he said.
Reviewing the London production, Ben Brantley called it “one of the most fully immersive theater pieces ever created.” John Golden Theater, 252 West 45th Street, 212-239-6200, theencounterbroadway.com.
They can be shot on GoPros and cellphones, then watched on laptops, tablets and those same cellphones.
So, Nye spends a good chunk of his book talking about the setup of his extremely energy-efficient home, and being the engineer that he regularly reminds us that he is, he goes into elaborate detail when describing how he made hot water come out of his tap immediately, so he wouldn’t have to wait for the water to warm as it ran.
While the Cleveland Cavaliers’ “All In” is a bit generic, the Golden State Warriors’ “Strength in Numbers” has represented an all-encompassing set of values that defined the team as it rolled to a 73-9 regular-season record.
With a few exceptions, death row prisoners “remained ignorant of the whole process, and also of their fate, whether they will live or die,” said Anup Surendranath, the report’s lead author.
Ibrahim Kalin, Mr. Erdogan’s spokesman, recently told reporters, “We don’t think that the U.S. has any involvement in the coup attempt.” And this week, when Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, visited Ankara, the capital, Turkish officials assured him that their country was intent on maintaining a close relationship in the fight against the Islamic State.
Born and raised in Stockholm, he started playing “football” at age 4 and idolizes the Swedish footballer Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
It is the exact middle point of the line, and it is used by court engineers to fix a straight line to the front of the rim.
But by one recent compilation , the Falcons’ average weight of about 304 pounds is roughly 10 pounds lighter than the league median and 20 pounds lighter than Washington’s, the league’s heaviest group.
• The Justice Department replaced the New York team investigating the death of Eric Garner, in a shake-up that could jump-start the case.
In a subsequent operation, the less dominant eye receives a lens for close vision.
So why not follow the trail of Vladimir and Véra today?
Nadal said his experience alone had not been enough to make the difference in that game.
Donald J. Trump met with journalists from the newsroom and opinion staff at The New York Times.
Hers is a story of inspiration and resistance that in many ways the Dutch have promoted and chosen to remember.
He started his galleries as a way to showcase artists who he believes have not received the attention they deserve, like William Copley, Bernard Buffet, Jack Goldstein and H. C. Westermann.
Mr. Frank, the former Disney executive, compared his trajectory to those of others in Napa Valley.
But Panti’s cultural footprint has expanded ever since.
I could have clicked “more neighborhoods” for more results.
Low or falling prices mean that companies need to sharply increase their sales volume every year to have enough revenue to cover their debt payments.
“I didn’t have any education to what it was."
The Orioles and the Blue Jays both won on Sunday to finish with identical records, 89-73.
Uno lives on a ranch in Austin and was driven to Manhattan by the ranch manager.
But it can also make things worse.
Mr. Hoover sometimes shunned flight suits to perform in a business suit (less trouble for the undertaker in case of an accident, he once said) and a trademark Panama straw hat.
The Mets did not beat the Cubs during last year’s regular season.
Obscurity may be its downfall, in both individual sentences and as a whole.
A few weeks later comes Bonnaroo’s announcement, for early June, and we have still not sorted out Coachella.
• Aleksander Barkov scored with 2 minutes 12 seconds left in overtime as the host Florida Panthers topped the New Jersey Devils, 2-1.
“There’s no question it’s the system that makes the quarterback here,” McMahon told Sports Illustrated.
He said the steps were an attempt by the agency to toughen its response to the crisis, in which tens of thousands of Americans were addicted to the prescription painkillers and were dying of overdoses.
“But I really did feel like I was going all the way this week.
(Last I checked, both were out of print; look for them on discogs.com .)
His father is a senior contracts manager in the Wayne office of BAE Systems, a defense and security company.
The research was expected to cost $17.5 million, with $16.3 million of it funded by the N.F.L.
There was even talk of self-composting toilets.
■ Of the roughly half of private sector workers who do not have workplace savings plans, according to a 2015 Government Accountability Office study , many work for small businesses, the engines for supposed growth and prosperity.
The players and their parents might insist on certain academic benefits or the right to pursue a particular major.
Today, back in Stone Town, Mr. Salim is trying to support his family, though some of his attempts at jobs have not worked out.
Both go mainly toward faculty recruitment and salaries.
Acqualina makes liquid nitrogen ice cream at stations where people can create flavors such as coffee, Jolly Rancher, cotton candy or marshmallow while adding any toppings they want, Mr. Dominguez said.
Much of the area is agricultural or part of a land trust, while the lakefront is lined with homes.
The prospect of deporting large numbers of them to Turkey seems difficult at best.
To save the system, the children must be deleted, and the couple turn to a live support group at a local community center to cope with the loss.
“Two weeks later, I said, ‘Do you still remember the numbers?’ and he spat them out without missing beat.
“I think a lot of it has to do with her personal wish to lead a life that is more in the open and less in the shadow,” he said, “more as a person than a persona, perhaps as a political figure than as an icon.”
About a third said the next president should change to more liberal policies — and they backed Mr. Sanders by an even larger margin.
I first heard of him when I was in college and read Yeats’s poem, “The Ghost of Roger Casement.” Its refrain echoes: The ghost of Roger Casement Is beating on the door.
“We’re heading north, right on to my home court,” Mr. Kasich said, mentioning Michigan and pledging, once again, that he will beat Mr. Trump in Ohio.
Last year, Adidas also unveiled its space-age Futurecraft project, which uses 3-D printing to create a running shoe with a perfectly bespoke midsole; they yet aren’t available commercially, but we’re keeping an eye out.
In most cases, city employees are not allowed to accept gifts of more than $50 from those who do business with the city, or compensation of any amount for an official duty.
What happens this year will set the party’s trajectory for decades.
Madonna is no Adele: She wasn’t born with a once-in-a-generation talent and voice.
David R. Jones of Baruch College is a Times consultant.
Here, Seo experiments with the proportions of a future Alaïa garment.
The spot where the woman’s body was found, in woods beside a golf course, has been covered with hundreds of offerings of flowers, food and drink.
If true change and true transparency are going to happen, this is where it will theoretically start.”
— Mary Bratko (@MyAltardLife) March 22, 2016 But the current trend isn’t without its critics.
Many, from Pennsylvania to Hawaii to Florida, can be purchased for $1.
• Tony Blair, the former Labour prime minister, argues that Britain is “in peril” and pleads for the Conservatives to conduct their leadership election with “genuine patriotic regard.” • Slovakia takes over the rotating six-month presidency of the Council of the European Union today.
So, yes, the feature does consume part of the monthly data allowance you receive from your phone carrier.
(Isherwood) ‘China Doll’ A saggy new play by David Mamet that creeps, hunched and sluggish, into incomprehensibility.
Rather, I give it a few weeks — maybe a month — to see if it will go away on its own.
That track is leading to the Rugby World Cup in Japan in 2019, when the Pumas hope to reach the world’s top four and again be challenging for the Webb Ellis Cup.
“That’s great teams — the best teams in the league,” said Aleksander Barkov, who had a goal and an assist.
“It’s the other way around.” Frank promises her that she can have something more than just the role of first lady, continuing the “House of Cards” tradition of treating that job dismissively but also giving Claire what she wants and making them co-pilots again.
David got off at 9 p.m., so my husband picked him up.
At this point, the Clinton campaign’s grim march to victory is looking inevitable, right?
But the abduction of the girls from Chibok gained worldwide notoriety, motivating a global social media campaign with the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls.
1 for any interviewer: It’s almost always better when your subject is in motion.
(Chinen) ORRIN EVANS TRIO WITH KURT ROSENWINKEL (through Sunday) The pugnacious and resourceful postbop pianist Orrin Evans drew from childhood memories — of the television cartoon “G.I.
And he spends time in pitiful flea markets like the ones I saw in Montreuil in the ’90s, where vendors sell “unmatched pairs of boots, ragged jackets and trousers, garments at a hundred francs, surplus pieces of leather, printed papers much stained but still readable .
The conservative Les Républicains mayor of Calais, Natacha Bouchart, is demanding that Mr. Hollande’s Socialist government send in the army to control the migrants.
Harambe was definitely doing that when he was standing over the boy.” The behavior is mostly bluster: If Harambe had been intent on killing the boy, Dr. Hrdy said, as an interloping male gorilla might kill the babies sired by the silverback he just deposed — the quicker to claim the resident females for himself — “he would have done it in seconds,” probably with a bite to the skull.
Taken together, they reflected the progressive view that the Constitution was a living document, able to be adapted to and updated for the nation’s needs.
“We do not trust the people here with our money, but we trust them with our safety.
Reflecting on the families I’ve worked with in my practice, I’ve come to suspect that regular meals serve as an easily measured proxy for one of the longest-standing and sturdiest determinants of adolescent well-being: authoritative parenting .
and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
— Senator Ted Cruz For the four Republican presidential candidates relegated to the “undercard” debate, it was a final chance to make an impression before the Iowa caucuses.
Ms. Jones closed the set with a waltz called “Carry On,” which inhabits a Ray Charles-ish convergence of gospel, country and soul.
He laughed when a guest suggested he could be a little cocky.
Crouch describes how video gamers viciously went after journalists, mostly women, who had criticized the misogyny of their games.
Three Yorkshire terriers nestle in a man’s arms on a train.
In a typical week, he makes between $200 and $300, he said.
Mr. Courtwright called the region an “interesting combination of blue state social liberalism and red state libertarianism.” Politics aside, the money to be made in marijuana is significant.
Once you make contact, tell the owner about the fallen branch.
(Companies can, however, continue to offer lump-sum payouts to retirees or former workers who haven’t started receiving their benefits.)
Her clothing is barely hanging onto her limbs.
Fan Popo, a gay rights activist and filmmaker based in Beijing, said there had been episodes in which Chinese criticized gay rights activists for appropriating the political term.
The winding road to the new rules started in 2010, when lawmakers voted to establish emissions standards for manufactured wood.
“She just thinks in a way that is popular of a generation.
When everybody is playing for each other.
The only way out of the current stalemate is to inject new blood into the country’s political class.
Some are good deals, while some are incredibly bad (like buying the Plaza Hotel for a considerable sum and then having it sold for a loss after sinking even more money into renovations), but he is apparently compelled to make deals and sees all of life, not just the world economy, in terms of deals.
“I think in the future, when I want to hug someone, I won’t deny myself that.” The next night, a Mass for Mr. Kroening was celebrated at St. Joseph’s without mention of the fact that he had been killed because of his homosexuality.
“It’s quite possible it will touch every state,” said Jennifer Field, a professor at Oregon State University and an expert on the chemistry of Aqueous Film Forming Foam.
REUTERS Linn Energy Files for Bankruptcy | The oil and gas producer Linn Energy filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Wednesday after reaching a deal with lenders to restructure its $8.3 billion debt load and obtain $2.2 billion in new financing.
It just holds a lot of good memories for so many years.
“The title, the opening in Pasadena, the missing-heir case, much of the book is a tip of the hat to writers like Chandler and Ross Macdonald.” A missing heir, you say?
If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.
It would be “like having a fire alarm go off in a closet, O.K.
Dr. Kotlikoff countered that the faculty and others had for years weighed in on the fragmented nature of the business programs at Cornell, through task forces and committees.
Back in Washington, congressional Republicans were in a fever, with Speaker Paul D. Ryan, a reluctant Trump convert to begin with, calling Mr. Trump’s comments about the judge “the textbook definition” of racism .
What are the restaurants to check out?
Officers need to be educated about mental illness, many criminal justice experts say, because cutbacks in financing for mental health services have put them on the front lines of dealing with many people who have psychiatric disorders.
Mr. Brafman is a seasoned New York criminal defense lawyer who has specialized in representing prominent defendants, including celebrities and members of organized crime families.
These demographic attributes — which have helped her to wide victories in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and South Carolina — held true in Mississippi, where seven in 10 Democratic voters on Tuesday were African-American, and an almost identical number said that the next president should generally continue Mr. Obama’s policies.
The next song starts with a demand: “Gimme a beat!” And the beat she gets is like no beat you’ve heard.
That proportion could grow, as the company plans to shut down almost all of its remaining coal-fired production this year.
Viewing platforms could be built atop the giant defunct oil tanks, which might be converted into greenhouses or gallery space to host art exhibitions.
In some of Allah’s lands, the war on women and on couples has the air of an inquisition.
It’s also quiet and comfortable when commuting to your desk job.
“You don’t buy any shoes.
But you just laughed a little bit when I mentioned that.
• 29D: A WITCH is a “Casting lady” because she casts spells.
Were you with a grown-up?” The Lanzas have multistory house, with a sloped top and a narrow, flat area perhaps 25 feet off the ground.
This conflict of my head and heart — of my wanting to offer comfort but knowing I shouldn’t — was making my pulse race and my body tremble.
“Here’s my solo,” Mr. Murphy announced in “Daft Punk Is Playing at My House,” and started thwacking precise syncopations on a two-headed cowbell.
Miller’s somehow became detached from her bike in the 2015 race, the only such incident among more than 800 competitors.
Williams was handed a challenging first-round matchup against Ekaterina Makarova, ranked No.
From Zip2 to OpenAI, a look at the entrepreneur’s many companies.
Mr. Trump, 70, has repeatedly pledged to release a full medical report, as other candidates in recent presidential campaigns have done to help voters judge their ability to bear the stress of the presidency and complete a full term.
The excruciating sequence in which Bigger is compelled to escort Mary and her Communist lover to a black nightclub and is subjected to their demeaning, if well-intentioned, intimacies, was truncated.
Inside the Broadway Ballroom, the cocktail reception was crowded, but Ms. Estefan fielded all who approached.
One of the special pleasures of movies and plays based on great novels is the way they lead us back to their literary roots.
If you just think about this atmosphere we all share, the air we breathe, the water we drink, the soil that we share—all of these things—and realize the shared nature of our living experience.
The tougher question facing Deflategate investigators was determining how quickly the internal temperature and pressure of the balls would have changed as the environment changed.
Finally, continued unrest in Basra highlights growing fissures in the Shiite community.
He said Mr. Trump was merely the outgrowth of a political worldview that Republicans have increasingly embraced in Washington and around the country.
“Tonight,” Thompson said, “he was one of us.” Green relished his opportunities.
Mr. Omar, a retired electrician, was engaged in an act of filial obligation and something larger, as well: the consecration of a piece of American religious history.
“I needed to feel that through my body in a very physical, raw way.” Jonathan Jakubowicz’s biopic follows Durán from the mean streets of Panama City into the ring in North America, where in 1980 he defeated Sugar Ray Leonard (Usher Raymond) for the world welterweight title.
They’ve been around for a few years — and each year, marketers say this is the time to buy one.
Lo Voi took note of the phone call in which Mr. Mered was recorded laughing about the overloading of the boats.
Mr. Patang insisted that he had filed the required declarations, listing one bank account with $2,000 when he took office and $500 when he left.
Gordon: There’s been so much going on in L.A., though, since the ’60s, but people are just now really mining it.
He was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in February 1964 and scored the first goal in their 4-0 clinching victory over the Red Wings in Game 7 of that season’s Stanley Cup finals.
“Substances take their toll.” Finally, her son, who discovered her in horrible condition, broke through her human fortress.
If we can play a role at all, it must be hand in hand with the Russians as full partners, something many Americans (Secretary of State John Kerry excepted) appear to be unable to fathom, let alone to stomach.
I didn’t want to wade into the waters of a fraught subject in such a highly visible way, and decided I would just leave my essay for the book.
And I still believe in love, no matter what’s happened to me.
Accusations have come to light in recent years of sexual abuse of children by adults at Horace Mann School in the Bronx, Fessenden School in Massachusetts, St. George’s School in Rhode Island and Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, among others.
of not being forthcoming about Mr. Trump’s alleged ties with Moscow.
Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, has proposed increasing Social Security benefits and allowing people age 55 to 64 to “buy into” Medicare , while Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, has repeatedly said he would not cut either program .
In an essay in the Book Review in 2007, Matt Bai called it “the ultimate campaign book,” and said, “No one else has come close to equaling it.” In 1997’s “Trail Fever” (later republished as “Losers”), Michael Lewis mostly ignored Bill Clinton and Bob Dole to write about several of the more marginal Republican candidates for president during the 1996 campaign.
Long a favorite of skill-position players, the numbers are increasingly in demand among even defensive linemen and linebackers.
Because it was being televised on “Live From Lincoln Center,” the concert had to come in under two hours.
Four medics were killed in the five days since intensive bombing resumed, said Mohamed al-Ahmad, a radiology nurse in Aleppo reached on social media.
Rugby is mostly known in America as a cult college game, and the distinction between a “tight-head prop” and a “loose-head prop” may baffle the uninitiated.
“Perhaps some clients will be attracted by the new services that Sotheby’s is offering, but others, including existing clients, may be turned off by it.” Ms. Cappellazzo would not divulge the number of advisory clients she has brought to Sotheby’s or how much they are paying for services.
For Reed and virtually all of the other Grambling players, the trip to Kansas City, Mo., for the tournament represented their first venture beyond the segregated South.
But what he found he loved most was to feed — “overfeed,” as he puts it — his friends.
A senior official with the police told reporters for Agence France-Presse that the raid on Tuesday took place after a tip and that the police and intelligence agencies had found Mr. Taseer in an empty compound.
Over the last 15 years, the rising appeal of grower Champagne, wine produced by small farmers who grow their own grapes, has transformed our notion of what the region’s wines can be.
He graduated in 1951 from Southern Methodist, where he majored in physics and mathematics.
“It’s important now that all the facts are gathered as quickly as possible.
Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art, 1701 Main Street.
“I think it’s a good song, but too many people sing it,” he told The Guardian in 2009, agreeing with a critic for The New York Times who asked for a moratorium on “Hallelujah” in movies.
This year’s tests started on June 5 and were due to end on June 28.
The 16-inch-high terracotta, one of two such surviving models by Algardi, is being offered for sale by a European private collector who acquired the piece in 2008 from the renowned Paris sculpture dealer Patrice Bellanger.
You could still eat it.’’ He modeled himself on Coltrane, not just his sound but also his legendary practice regimen — as long as 12 hours a day, with sometimes hours spent on a single scale or even a single note.
The choice wasn’t really a choice.
Though she remains dominant in national polls, the race in Iowa has tightened as Mr. Sanders has gained ground and even overtaken her in one major poll last week.
Of course it’s Mr. Baillie , now 84, who, with artistry and sensitivity — to color, nature and a camera movement that unwinds like a scroll — found the precise moment to join that song with those flowers, a union that illuminates the sublime in the everyday.
At any recent outing, the acrimonious contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump is the elephant in the room, the uninvited guest.
Del Potro, a former United States Open champion ranked 141st, broke down in tears in victory, just as he did when he upset Novak Djokovic in the first round.
“I put him on the level of Balanchine,” she said.
The broad indictment, the unfair generalizations, were caricature and calumny, the product of the fevered imagination of the left.
The groom, also 31, is a director in business client management at Voya Financial, in New York.
Seven hundred and seventy Buddhist monks led a religious ceremony today honoring the king of Thailand’s accession to the throne 70 years ago.
“It was amazing to find a place like that: so undeveloped, so close to New York,” Mr. Jacquet, 52, said in a recent interview; he was wearing a T-shirt and pink cotton pants styled after pajama bottoms.
Go back to early 1999, when he became the speaker of the House of Representatives.
“Voter fraud is all too common, and then they criticize us for saying that,” he said.
The caregivers who told me about their travails found less drastic solutions.
Or: Americans need more exercise!
In high school civics classes, the usual assignments about political parties and the Electoral College have given way to anguished venting about groping and sexual violence.
He is hostile to the Republican establishment.
By the 1930s, Austria had become an untenable place for Jews.
A 1969 photograph taken from the back of a military vehicle on the streets of Saigon underscores the chaos and confusion of that war, while “Marrakesh Rainbow, April 1971” shows a Volkswagen van painted in bright, elaborate patterns under a rainbow in Morocco.
Our models are nowhere close.” I took a tour on the M/V Sam Houston to see the Houston Ship Channel, the densest energy infrastructure nexus in the United States.
“I stopped it,” Futch explained, “because Joe was starting to get hit with too many clean shots.
“Just walking where these people walked at one time is fascinating to me,” she said.
Mr. Howard had stolen a bike at gunpoint and pedaled north on the promenade, encountering Officer Holder and his partner coming down a ramp from a footbridge, according to the police.
In an interview in Mr. Muñoz’s publications, Ms. Machado, who became an American citizen this year, exhorted Latino voters to learn from her experience: “We can’t risk having such a violent, bad-tempered, macho person as Trump as our president.” Mr. Muñoz explained that Mr. Trump, although a Republican, reminds him and many other Venezuelans of their leftist nemesis, Mr. Chávez.
She is a great poet whether or not she fits into the stories we like to tell about poets and their greatness.
Gone were the wide horizons and desert heat.
“These two people were also imprisoned for similar charges during the Hu Jintao era, but they were only sentenced to four years at that time.” The punishments may also send a warning to other dissidents and liberal activists around Hangzhou, the prosperous capital of Zhejiang Province, which will hold the Group of 20 summit meeting of global leaders in early September.
The restaurant’s co-owner, Homer Murray, had let it be known that there would be a special guest bartender on duty that night: his father, the actor and urban folk hero Bill Murray.
He argues that treating a bank like a shop and calling employees sales people distracts from the aim of being a client-focused adviser.
For them, I suspect, the only reason for voting would be to elect someone like Bernie Sanders, who promises to lead a citizens’ rebellion against the rule of the superrich.
“Many NATO nations are not making payments, are not making what they’re supposed to make.” Asked whether the United States would come to the aid of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania — three Baltic states that were invaded by the Soviet Union in 1940, and joined NATO in 2004 — in the event of a Russian invasion, Mr. Trump replied, “I don’t want to tell you what I’d do because I don’t want Putin to know what I’d do,” referring to Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, for whom Mr. Trump has expressed admiration .
China’s leaders appear to think that taking a hard line against the separatist movement can contain it.
Stay tuned for a new challenge next week.
What is not being mentioned in the marketing of failure is that not everyone can, shall we say, fail successfully.
Ms. Blaney’s campaign became amplified by the breathlessly emphatic nature of social media after the story was posted on a popular Facebook page called Love What Matters .
Mr. Davidson, who began working for Traffic as a salesman in 2003, said on Thursday that he had learned about the company’s practice of paying bribes for business in 2009 and that he had begun participating in such schemes in 2012.
On the eyes, Pecheux applied black eyeliner smudged in with MAC Neon Studio Eye Gloss , a fleshy tone that warms up the black eyeliner so “it’s not so aggressive” and doesn’t look too pristine (“perfection is boring,” he said, with Parisian insouciance).
Out parachuted Rudolf Hess, Hitler’s deputy, apparently hoping to forge a peace treaty between Britain and Germany.
In the latest move in its ambitious space program , China launched a manned spacecraft from the Gobi Desert on Monday morning.
It said troops opened fire, wounding the man, who was taken to the hospital for treatment.
or a bread knife (good luck).
Having our names on it helped as well.
I don’t like to see them dirty.
He was 256-153 in 18 big league seasons, including 219-127 in 15 years with the Yankees.
“Use a sickle, use a hammer, smash the red rabble,” the government supporters chanted.
Items for the calendar should be sent at least three weeks in advance to ctcal@nytimes.com.
But Michael C. Harper, an expert on employment and labor law at Boston University School of Law, pointed out that such guidance could influence actions by employers, often under the influence of management lawyers urging clients to take pre-emptive action.
Georgetown came in second at 9:36.32, and host Penn finished third in 9:37.25.
Ms. Freudenheim, by then nursing a newborn, wanted to stay close to home, which kept her from returning to Manhattan to do her shopping.
On Wednesday, despite a deal with Ciudadanos, an upstart centrist party, he failed to win over the opposition Socialists and fell short of the required majority.
— The New York Herald, European Edition, Feb. 17, 1916
She has the very best doctors, social workers and therapists — but none can give her a fulfilling life.
Older workers can also be pickier, Ms. Wanberg said — more reluctant to relocate away from family, for example, or to do certain kinds of jobs.
United States markets rose on Monday, as shares of energy companies rose along with the price of oil .
But Mount Greenwood, a holdout from the pre-white flight era, is a rare exception.
On the issue of humanitarian assistance to refugees, voters will soon have a chance to weigh in.
In spite of the fact that he was now tottering at the edge of unconsciousness my grandfather briefly outlined six improvements that he would make to the design of the stall man’s barbecue fork, including attaching the fork to the aerial with a metal collar and a rivet and adding a simple grip at the other end, using the handle from an old trowel or a piece cut from a broomstick.
“I had a choice between Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, or South Carolina,” he told the crowd on a frigid evening.
“In five years, there has been no clear vision,” he said.
We started watching the street through the window.
The couple has bought a home in the Takoma neighborhood of Washington that is a real fixer-upper.
7 p.m. [Free] • The author Don DeLillo speaks with Dana Spiotta about his new novel “ Zero K ” at the 92nd Street Y on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
All along, Iza’s faultlessness — the very goodness and resolute forward thinking that make her as cold and admirable as a saint — is what leads to her sad and lonely end.
Quiet and mostly residential, eastern Sodermalm is not noir, nor is it considered cool.
“Now I think that would make for a fantastic obit,” Ms. Fisher wrote, “so I tell my younger friends that no matter how I go, I want it reported that I drowned in moonlight, strangled by my own bra.”
MORRIS PLAINS “Early Newcomb Pottery From the Barbara and Henry Fuldner Collection,” approximately 30 examples of the pottery in an Arts and Crafts setting.
“For these endeavors I remain justifiably proud.” The judge expressed sympathy for Mr. Charney.
The law on gender and restrooms, Mr. Cooper said, “is a discrimination issue and an economic issue, and, particularly, you have Governor McCrory trying a political ploy that blew up, and is now hurting people and our economy.”
Nancy Sinatra (Ms. Toro) joins the nonsense, showing up to surf in her boots, as does a spy (Ms. Anderson) in a pink trench coat and fedora.
No one captures this phenomenon more grandly than the Met, and it’s in peak form with this show.
“We did everything the hard way,” he said.
“As long as I don’t die in this dump.” Before Mazer could say anything smart there was a chiming from the stairwell at the back of the poolroom.
Turner received 11 second-place votes and nine third-place votes, finishing just ahead of the Dodgers right-hander Kenta Maeda, who got 11 votes for second and four for third.
“I’m just a bear that got left out in the rain too long,” he explains.
The souring economy is also raising pressure on Ms. Rousseff, with the authorities this week reporting the worst decline in 25 years: a 3.8 percent plunge in gross domestic product in 2015.
“All of these elements, when compromised, can contribute to the probability of vessel failure,” the report says.
The ruby slippers in the museum’s possession are actually a mismatched pair, Ms. Machado said.
record by winning her sixth Player of the Week Award.
The world champions had been eliminated.
Wheel spin is eager and often launching front-wheel drive models.
Her first stop would be Walmart, where she said Twombly liked to sit on a bench outside.
FIELDS It didn’t seem like Elizabeth Jennings would be keeping that baby, and that didn’t seem like the right creative choice for the show.
That’s really salient in my life.
I therefore avoid reading suspense novels or science fiction.
And it is bad for burying things — in particular, septic tanks.
He received a large brown envelope in the mail from the director of the Buchenwald Memorial Center.
Suffolk County Vanderbilt Museum, 180 Little Neck Road.
in the middle of a street when he was shot by a white officer.
The single largest employer of near-minimum wage workers, the restaurant and food service industry, is one of the sectors with the greatest projected job growth .
The idea came to him after the Les Ateliers Courbet founder Melanie Courbet brought a rotating tray to one of Thompson’s so-called “food salons”; they partnered on a set of handcrafted round, black-and-white inlaid Corian meant to resemble the strobe disks employed by D.J.s to ensure a perfect 33 and 1/3 r.p.m.
His stepmother retired as a senior vice president and general counsel at Atlantic Broadband, a cable company.
The groom’s father is a partner in the law firm Dentons, and works in its New York office.
With an estimated budget of at least $180 million over two years, the series was filmed in far-flung locations like Italy, Kazakhstan and Malaysia, and received an extensive marketing campaign.
This documentary, narrated by Kristen Bell, follows the team as it prepares to compete for its fourth consecutive Olympic all-around gold and second team title at the Rio Olympics in August.
recently uncovered new emails potentially related to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server.
Her mother, Gladys, was institutionalized and a year later killed herself.
He took the pitch into games, and hitters used to getting ahead of him were suddenly behind in the count.
Chris Christie went on the attack.
“The tumor is just like the brain here, that’s the problem,” he said.
He would doubtless be able to write a compelling, salacious memoir, but breaking the omertà of his trade would be anathema to him.
Far from being a death knell for Mr. La Rosa’s career, however, it opened new doors.
“A huge success in the battle against terrorism.” That was Belgium’s prime minister, speaking after Salah Abdeslam, Europe’s most wanted man and the last surviving suspect in the Paris attacks last November, was captured .
As the protesters were led out, Mrs. Clinton plunged on with a call for paid apprenticeship programs in the manual trades.
That Phillips can take us into her dreams without losing us in the fog is to her huge credit.
It is the sovereign territory of a country that voted by over 90 percent for independence 25 years ago.
They wouldn’t let the victims say it was blood transmission, only homosexual activity or drug use or prostitution.
But the use of unapproved testing methods appears to have been long prevalent.
교내의 다른 한쪽에서는 학생들이 점심을 먹으러 자주 찾는 식당 등지에서 스타트업 관련 행사가 열렸다.
Lo said that any delay had been caused by a need to complete paperwork, and that he and his business partners were not superstitious.)
levels in the mail later this month, Mayor Dayne Walling has said.
Russia’s goals in Europe appear to be to elect foreign leaders who are sympathetic to Russian expansionism, to weaken NATO and to fan anti-European Union forces.
CLAIM : “Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office.
“There are a lot of stupid little guys around who like to start stuff.
And it brought American forces back, too, in the form of thousands of military advisers and Special Operations forces leading the territorial fight against the Islamic State.
They will be gone very, very quickly.
“We do not have a broad strategy against terrorism.” Germany, Mr. Neumann said, needs to undertake the kind of thorough overhaul of security arrangements that the United States did after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Covert cellphone tracking devices, which have proliferated in law enforcement agencies across the nation, have been used by the New York Police Department on at least 1,000 occasions since 2008 in the course of investigating rapes, murders and other crimes, as well as in searches for missing people, according to documents obtained by the New York Civil Liberties Union.
He tracks cases of government torture, corruption and abuse, and insists “the revolution would come someday.” Apart from the charismatic, troublemaking Dido, these characters remain hazy and their fates unresolved.
She had obtained a license the previous year to operate a wholesale drug business in case he left Abbott, where he felt increasingly insecure.
Because of its location, Heathrow is a particularly toxic issue and arguments about its expansion have raged since the 1970s, when a government document described its capacity as “restricted.” Part of the problem is its history: Heathrow began life in an era when the scale of modern aviation could not be imagined.
Other forms of taxation must be added to the mix, including energy taxes and financial transaction taxes, that are tied to activities, not places.
I changed my shoes every act.
In response, a group of politicians, including Gov.
Most who died were under 35.
They prevailed in the shootout, in which Toronto missed two of its six penalty kicks and Seattle missed only one.
A man wearing a dashiki and beads, described by newspapers as a black-power militant, told her, “We’re going to Havana, baby.” Ms. Diamond was unperturbed.
But Mr. Flechtheim’s heirs dispute the Bavarian government’s position, citing, among other things, evidence that they say shows that the paintings were still in Mr. Flechtheim’s possession in 1934, after Hitler came to power.
The memorial was publicly unveiled in 2008 in Berlin’s Tiergarten, across from the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe.
A recent carefully choreographed meeting between Mr. Trump and evangelical leaders provided a window into the ways many are trying to square this circle.
“Why should I care?” “Because bees pollinate a third of U.S. crops,” the staff member said.
Whether Mr. Trump can win on both fronts — gaining steam at the ballot box, and winning over more delegates should he need them in a floor fight — poses as stiff a test as he has confronted since announcing his candidacy.
But some, he said, are being created by people from the hearing aid industry and are “very good.” A committee of consumer electronics companies is now trying to develop minimum standards for PSAPs.
(It already offers similar annual services to subscribers; about a third of its subscribers are American.)
After his arrest on Monday, the police searched the apartment and found more than 200 forged checks for Boston businesses, three computers stolen from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, several Army uniforms, a Silver Star and a Purple Heart, and two forged passports bearing Mr. Wilson’s latest alias, Jeremiah Asimov-Beckingham, according to court documents and investigators.
“We just got in from Iowa where we astounded the world, and now in New Hampshire we are going to astound the world again,” he said.
“Call out the good things,” she said.
Mr. Schumer, Ms. Warren and an array of House members and unions were lining up behind him even before he formally entered the race.
An image is transferred to a copper plate on a paper covered in photosensitive gelatin.
The companies’ statements and their losses hurt other big retailers.
Mr. Cazeneuve, who replaced Mr. Valls as interior minister in 2014, is one of Mr. Hollande’s more popular ministers, and he is well-respected across the political spectrum for his coolheaded response to terrorist attacks in France over the past two years.
The big question, of course, is whether Mr. Perry and Mr. Trump have the interest or ability to pursue an ambitious agenda, or whether they are determined to carry on an ideological war against climate science.
Mr. Perrault’s hall of mirrors has no mirrors.
Mr. Trump has never articulated any detailed foreign policy vision beyond the vague slogan “America First.” The diverse and shifting cast of potential appointees under consideration for top administration jobs has only highlighted the deep splits among conservatives about how the new administration should confront fast-evolving threats involving Iran, North Korea, Syria and Russia, among others, and how it should manage relations with allies in Europe and Asia.
“You win by being patient, being calm and waiting for that moment — waiting for that moment — and I hope that it comes.” Hillary Clinton won the Democratic primary election in Virginia on Tuesday, while Senator Bernie Sanders won the primary in his home state, Vermont, topping Mrs. Clinton in a contest he could not afford to lose.
“This rule has been in existence before Mr. Nasheed came into office, and has not been introduced in an ad hoc manner.” One of Mr. Nasheed’s lawyers, Jared Genser, said via Twitter that he was “relieved” that the government, “under intense pressure,” allowed Mr. Nasheed to travel, “but reality in Maldives is the same.” Mr. Genser released a photograph that he described as showing Mr. Nasheed shortly after his release, speaking on the telephone with Secretary of State John Kerry.
“They will represent an initial test of the Munich commitments,” Mr. de Mistura said in an email exchange.
Emergency financing to fight the mosquito-borne Zika virus also appears likely to be delayed until after Congress returns.
In his Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition, Mr. Denton listed $10 million to $50 million in assets and $100 million to $500 million in liabilities.
Al Qaeda’s affiliate there is becoming stronger and the population more radicalized.
Yet it was all believable.
4 in its 11th week out.
For years, the annual total for the hotel industry in the United States hovered around $1 billion, except in 2002, when the aftermath of 9/11 and the dot-com bust left many hotels scrambling to fill rooms and reluctant to foist extra fees on guests.
In this series from the Rock and Roll Playhouse, geared to music fans 7 and under, young participants will move, play and sing while listening to works from the classic-rock canon.
Eighty percent of retirees still live in car-dependent suburbs and rural areas, according to a Brookings Institution study .
Another option, the fecal immunological test, involves fewer pretest conditions but may require collecting stool samples from more than one bowel movement.
(Schweitzer) Juilliard ChamberFest (Monday through Jan. 16) ChamberFest is an intense way to spend the end of a winter break for Juilliard students: oodles of rehearsal time, constant coaching, evening performances.
She “clumped them all together like the presidents carved into Mount Rushmore, indistinguishable one from another,” she writes.
Beyond the price spike, Ethereum is also attracting attention from giants in finance and technology, like JPMorgan Chase, Microsoft and IBM, which have described it as a sort of Bitcoin 2.0.
But the essentials are simple: Hillary Clinton has a large lead in both pledged delegates and the popular vote so far.
Mr. Hikind said that Orthodox voters preferred Mr. Trump because of what he said about Israel, which included a pledge to move the American embassy to Jerusalem.
“I wasn’t really passionate about taking pictures of buildings,” he recalled.
NATO countries are also planning a new round of maritime exercises in the Baltic Sea before the Warsaw summit meeting.
HARTFORD “Sex With Strangers,” drama by Laura Eason.
The lighting and window shades can be operated by a tablet or a phone.
The speed with which these changes occurred is breathtaking in retrospect: how quickly the Cubists and many who followed “took over, absorbed and cannibalized Cézanne.” “He is where modern art — even Modern Art — begins,” Mr. Barnes writes.
If they want to keep winning elections — including this one — they had better internalize this, and start acting on it.
The market conditions have turned, and there is a lot of negative press around private company financing.
In its library, I started learning about ways of representing the world that could hardly have been more different, including the works of distinctly unorthodox women like Kathy Acker, Carolee Schneemann and Karen Finley.
By determining whether a shipment of coal from North Korea was for “livelihood purposes,” China can maintain leverage it hopes to use to bring the North back to talks, but not to push it to the point of disintegration, South Korean analysts said.
A New World viognier could work, too, so long as it has sufficient acidity.
And Mrs. Palin’s support was seen as a boon for Mr. Trump, despite Republicans’ frustration with what they see as a “celebrity” president in Barack Obama.
It was not clear the president knew about it.
777 Theater, 777 Eighth Avenue, at 47th Street, 888-841-4111, sextipsplay.com.
There was, God knows, much that was insane about our relationship to the statue: the compulsive selfies, the inertia of the Italian bureaucracy, the DAVID MANIA.
The bride is a second-year doctoral student in nutrition in the Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health in Boston.
But the same thing happened in Sabathia’s last start, when he failed to pick up a dribbler in front of the mound and it opened the way for a big inning.
• What messages, emotions or ideas will you take away from this film?
DARIEN “Darien 1925-1950: Golden Age of Art and Design.” Through Sept. 11.
I can’t keep track of how many times I’ve heard this line from Winston Churchill cited recently by people working on climate policy: Now this is not the end.
The Victorian home’s parlor is sectioned off and mostly stripped away until only the essence of the play, dominated by an enveloping evocation of the title setting, remains.
When Syria’s popular uprising began in 2011, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey’s prime minister, was one of the first foreign leaders who called on President Bashar al-Assad of Syria to step down.
“I cried right along with him at the end of the game.” 10 Photos View Slide Show › The parade began at Quicken Loans Arena, wrapped around the Indians’ Progressive Field, headed up East Ninth Street, turned down East Lakeside Avenue and finished near the Cleveland Convention Center, where a stage was set up on the mall area that stretches three city blocks behind it.
She graduated magna cum laude from Vanderbilt and received a medical degree from the University of Tennessee.
You have until 7 a.m. Eastern on Aug. 26 to post your final entries of the season.
On policy, Mrs. Clinton is also eager to find common ground on gun control and criminal justice reform — issues that resonate with many voters at a time of seemingly endless violence.
James, the defending Olympic champion, finished with the silver, and Merritt, who won gold eight years ago in Beijing, hung on for bronze as he staggered across the line.
Why did you decide to bring your mom as your plus one?
Holding a lead, Mets relievers Fernando Salas, Addison Reed and Jeurys Familia fired three scoreless innings.
The carpenter often kicked and punched Ms. Kwon, she said, and he eventually abandoned her and her young children.
The writer is a former reporter and columnist for The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $16.)
The new case in Liberia represents the third flare-up there since the initial outbreak there was declared over last May.
They drain the life from each other rather than striking sparks.
Wickr Me, which is free on iOS and Android , is something of a celebrity in this class of apps because it was featured in an Iggy Azalea music video.
(This is, it goes without saying, difficult to suss out, as either player or listener.)
My favorite was a refreshing meal-ender: a pomegranate panna cotta, with fruit seeds, juice, yogurt sorbet and a thin gelatinous slice of panna cotta.
It’s hardly a new problem here, but it’s one that persists even as the country grows more diverse and The Times grows more global .
(Caramanica) THE LONE BELLOW That rarest of things — a band of Brooklyn country aficionados made good beyond the five boroughs.
There is nothing new about Coney Island’s appeal.
After getting them up to speed on their mutual fund clients and the various accusations of scandals and schemes they faced, he recommended a different investment firm, one that is best known for its index funds.
What we are doing to our sons and daughters, it is immoral.
Seller said Ticketmaster, which sells tickets to “Hamilton,” has taken measures to restrict such sales.
6 Ohio State and No.
The French president, François Hollande, visited Egypt last month to sign a $1 billion weapons contract and a slew of other investment deals with Mr. Sisi.
I spent the afternoon wandering around the benching area, talking to owners and handlers and meeting (and being licked in the face by) dogs not being judged at the moment.
“Americans are working.” Over all, employers added 151,000 jobs last month, a pace that is strong enough to keep soaking up people looking for work if it continues in the months ahead, but a big step down from December’s revised increase of 262,000.
Dr. Betty Deas Clark, the pastor of the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S.C., where an attacker killed nine people last year, said, “It’s a duty to speak up against the violence that we’re experiencing.” Ms. Clark added, “It’s a call that has been placed upon us, and we must collectively answer that call.” While Senate Democrats, including Dianne Feinstein of California and Bill Nelson of Florida, said they would begin by pushing for a vote on the measure to bar the sale of weapons to those suspected of ties to terrorist groups, Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, a Democrat, also called for an all-out ban on assault weapons.
Donations from tourists helped the restaurateur Melinda McRostie found the Starfish Foundation, one of the first grass-roots aid groups on the island.
“It’s taking a bit of time and will take time to warm up into the program, but American theater is a real passion of mine,” Mr. Linehan said by phone.
Alabama is the only state that allows such overrides.
“We’ve been friends with Donald Trump for 14 years.
And for most great black athletes in the 1970s and ’80s, that was an N.F.L.
The Upshot’s presidential forecast, updated daily.
It’s particularly tough to be a claustrophobe on an island of skyscrapers, where the vast majority of people rely on elevators and subways.
But it also quotes the minority opinion of a Tunisian cleric who in the 1100s argued that it was enough to fulfill merely the spirit of the law.
One night, after closing the shop, I decided to walk the long route home, past a waterside park.
Anderson turned that around with a 30-yard run followed by an 8-yard run.
It cannot be easy for oncologists to deliver bad news so frequently, but it must be worse for them when they deliver bad news badly.
“I’m very convinced.” Mr. Bloomberg has not announced he is running for president.
Democrats view these differences in leadership styles with glee masked as outrage.
Old Westbury Gardens, 71 Old Westbury Road.
Cam Newton put up the best passing numbers of his career, which, combined with his explosive rushing, makes him the front-runner for most valuable player.
My male colleagues, even the most fair and thoughtful among them, think I am wrong about the struggle.
He still displays a quick glove and a graceful butterfly slide.
Marlene Cintron, the president of the Bronx Overall Economic Development Corporation, stopped for a late lunch last week, too.
Local media reported that the plane, a French Mirage, had crashed in Yemen’s southern port city of Aden, and showed pictures of the wreckage.
My role there involved setting up camp for 10-12 hours a day in the media workroom at Rio’s Maracana stadium; communicating with reporters in the field and the Times offices in New York, Paris and Hong Kong; and, once in a while, seeing a game or five.
Three more questions, while I have you.
THE NEGRO BOOK OF THE DEAD’ at the Pershing Square Signature Center (closes on Dec. 18).
“If you want to take $500 out of your account in the U.S., you’ll be asked several questions,’’ Mr. Rahman said.
Malzahn said Pettway, the SEC’s leading rusher, “obviously pulled something,” but his status against the Bulldogs is unknown.
We would have a huge hit, followed by a flop.
“No guts, no glory.” Simply put, city officials believe that if New York is to continue thriving, it must have a robust transportation network and that ferries can play a critical role, just as they do in many waterfront cities around the globe.
The traditional goal of a presidential nominee is to win the presidency and then serve as president.
If you are one of those viewers who just couldn’t get enough, we offer some other cams and real life opportunities for eagle watching at different stages of their life cycles.
Credit Todd Heisler/The New York Times Florida, Famed for Political Spectacles, Braces for Another as Primary Nears By JEREMY W. PETERS The dizzying race descends on the delegate-rich state over the next week, as one of its senators, Marco Rubio, looks to make a stand against Donald J. Trump.
He said that Jaap van Zweden, who will take over the orchestra’s music directorship in 2018, had met with the hall’s design team this spring in Dallas, where he is the music director of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, to share his thoughts and priorities.
Petyr “Littlefinger” Baelish married her off to Ramsay Bolton , the worst person on the show.
Those appear to be gone, but its successor agency, the National Intelligence Service, still keeps tabs on government agencies and was accused of launching smear campaigns against Ms. Park’s opponents during her campaign in 2012.
Many of the pieces in the lineup nod to Cervantes, like an Oct. 11 concert by the Orquesta Nacional de España , which is performing music inspired by his writings; “Quijote,” an homage to his celebrated novel “Don Quixote,” by Bambalina, a theater group; and a series of lectures on the man behind the books.
(“It’s used — don’t tell her,” he said, laughing.
For nine months, Mr. Niccolini had waited to see if a grand jury would indict him on a charge of felony sexual abuse, appearing four times in court only to be told no action had been taken.
The commission’s effort has taken on a new urgency since investors in Third Avenue Management’s failed credit fund were barred in December from taking out their money.
How whenever he went back to Ethiopia now, he felt almost American.
With Yapta, if the price drop is greater than the cost of your airline’s change fee, you can call the airline and pocket the difference.
She said that ESPN required that she give a sit-down interview to refute the accusations before she was allowed to go on the air again.
“So while we’ve identified its origin with certainty, we’re still examining it for any information or insights it might provide about the aircraft’s end scenario — how it entered the water.” The first confirmed piece of recovered debris from the missing aircraft, also known as MH370, was discovered in July 2015 on the French-administered island of Réunion, east of Pemba and Madagascar, the island nation also off the African coast.
But at the same time, the Obama administration has launched a volley of punitive trade actions against imports from China since 2009, including on tires, and, last month, on certain types of steel.
Biggest split since the Reformation?
There are flare-ups of doo-wop, throwback soul and stomping folk, offered as if in boozy tribute to Greil Marcus’s coinage about “ the old, weird America .” But Mr. Leithauser takes pains to stress continuity.
Mr. Anderson has four story beginnings that he sends to potential matches, and two completed stories in case he gets an enthusiastic response.
Speaking on abortion rights, a defining issue for an older generation of feminists, Mrs. Clinton dispensed with Democrats’ longstanding caveat that the procedure should be rare, and strongly defended women’s right to control their own bodies without government interference.
Finally, we turn left onto the Queensboro .
There is a point when idealistic humanitarian instincts become just plain suicidal, especially when that agenda is pushed by people who won’t live in areas inhabited by the hordes of immigrants (initially) and who expect somebody else to take care of the problem.
Not only do they have nutritionists, acupuncturists and specialists for their shoes — they have a companion who rarely leaves their side.
It occupied a couple of years of my life during my early 20s.
A rising middle class has led to the emergence of Western-style shopping malls .
Being in between records, I just want to educate myself on what I’m going to do next and how I’m going to present my music.
“This is our everyday life.” — RichHoffmanWeather (@hoffmanrich) January 24, 2016 The storm left slush on Pacific Street — knee-high water levels, Ms. Rudden described — that cannot be plowed away.
But Ms. Nicks will spice up her set list with renditions of some of Fleetwood Mac’s most beloved hits.
Mike: Good morrow, Sir Farhad.
The Supreme Court justices deliberated Mr. Blagojevich’s petition on Friday during a weekly case conference, The Chicago Tribune reported on Sunday.
“But this week, the verdicts were delivered on the same day as the trial, and the defendants’ lawyers hardly raised any objections.”
This holiday season, all Google’s new phone has to do to compete with those from Samsung, the world’s largest handset maker, is not burst into flames .
But it appears his signature will follow the resolution of a dispute over federal funding for that province’s health care system.
He, too, invoked the War of Independence.
But with the game-changing defensive end Myles Garrett most likely headed for a very high pick in the N.F.L.
I don’t think the Democratic bench of nonwhite candidates is especially strong right now, thanks in no small part to Deval Patrick and Cory Booker’s Wall Street ties .
Though Judge Sand said the begging could be restricted by keeping it out of the subway cars, an appeals court reversed his ruling and kept the systemwide ban intact.
Japan thinks highly enough of it to have made the Burke holdings the first Japanese collection from abroad ever to show at Tokyo National Museum.
In the 19th century, the American physicist Amos Emerson Dolbear noted a peculiar relationship between crickets and the ambient temperature.
When I was 6, I began to teach my younger sister to read.
“When things go from normal to bad, they may not make money; but when things go from bad to worse, that is a continuation of a trend and that is when they profit,” said Mr. Pedersen, the author of “Efficiently Inefficient: How Smart Money Invests and Market Prices Are Determined.” Even some investors who underestimated the risk of a British exit wound up making money.
We’ve all been right there with each other and we’ve all been pushing each other.
And they seem to be right.
In October, Mr. Mo made what he called a “more modest request,” saying that Mr. Ng had fully complied with his bail conditions and should be allowed outside, accompanied by guards, once weekly during daylight hours.
In the 1970s, the last time village officials revised the skeet-shooting law, Upper Brookville still had wide-open spaces — large estates built before or after World War I.
Sales agents, however, are often eager to push other forms of insurance that include complex investments, large and often hidden fees, and complex riders laden with mumbo jumbo.
For centuries, Venice has a been a gorgeous shell — the colorful, fragile remains of its former imperial past.
• No travel advisories have been issued.
And I’m worried about that [indiscernible].
Particularly since two supposed watchdog agencies, the Federal Election Commission and Internal Revenue Service, have just presented fresh evidence of how feeble their oversight has become.
But no one in Sweden was interested — until now.
It does not grant the power to restrict individual freedoms that is provided by martial law.
“I have not been asked to testify before a grand jury,” he replied.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs typically have 30 days to respond to those petitions, although extensions are not unusual.
Other finalists for that award are “After the Tall Timber: Collected Nonfiction,” by Renata Adler; “The Quarry,” by Susan Howe; “The Givenness of Things: Essays,” by Marilynne Robinson; and “Sidewalking: Coming to Terms with Los Angeles,” by David L. Ulin.
“When I got that call,” she recalled, “all my stress just went away.” Afternoon approached in Ms. Medina’s apartment.
Junior Bender has a night job — as a professional burglar.
The monster jiggles its trap to the song and opens wide for the chorus to produce Bogart, channeling John Waters in a pink pleather suit and pencil mustache.
There was no more rain, and no more butterflies, and the only strange sound was the clapping for the unlikely winner.
Heading north, we walked through pastures, at first an easy amble shaded by occasional stands of eucalyptus trees.
Joe Ligon, whose raspy, throbbing vocals and preaching style helped make the Mighty Clouds of Joy one of the most successful gospel quartets of all time, died on Sunday.
She graduated from the University of Michigan.
“No one on the other side would pick up the phone if the secretary of the U.S. Treasury tried to make that call,” said Lou Crandall, chief economist at Wrightson ICAP.
As night fell, he was standing at West 44th Street and Ninth Avenue.
Our minimum salary for American employees today is $10.15 an hour (plus meaningful benefits, which I’ll explain later), almost $3 above the current national minimum wage.
There has been a crescendo lately in talk about how to conduct college admissions in a manner that brings greater socioeconomic diversity to campuses, making them richer places to learn and better engines of social mobility.
Its two principal characters date and fight and break up and get together again — much like straight characters might — but the subjects of some of their squabbles are more specific to gay experience: whether or not the use of poppers (a sexual stimulant) is inimical, or monogamy is a requirement of a lasting relationship.
That is the finding of a new report published on Tuesday by the Pew Charitable Trusts, which used “secret shoppers” to request information from 45 smaller banks from across the country, to examine their overdraft practices and penalty fees.
In contrast, in the Madden case, the bank no longer has a relationship with the borrower after selling off the loan for collection.
“Although he’s a billionaire, people saw him as the underdog,” he said of Mr. Trump.
“I don’t want to say anything stupid.” A few seats away, the author George R. R. Martin (whose work is the basis for “Thrones”) texted with his wife, who wasn’t feeling well and had returned to their hotel.
Other writers knew you personally from childhood.
It was no matter to a young Marie-Antoinette, who, during her summer visits to Corsica, saw bathing in the nearby river as an adventure and the lack of electricity as a chance to admire the nighttime sky.
“Do not tell Secretary Clinton — she’s getting a little nervous,” he said.
The only thing worse than allowing this man to profit from your dinner parties is to let him sap your good will and make you bitter.
Three of them – Taha Ozhan, chairman of the foreign affairs committee, delegation leader and a member of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s AK Party; Oguz Kaan Salici of the main opposition Republican People’s Party; and Kamil Aydin, of the Nationalist Movement Party, another opposition party — also met The New York Times Editorial Board, which recently published an editorial criticizing Turkey for accusing the United States of complicity in the insurrection and fueling a new wave of anti-Americanism.
The coalition might also challenge a congressional policy that effectively chokes off funding to government research on the potential public health threat of guns.
For example, he was only 22 in 1842 when he painted “The Fairy Blast,” which depicts a band of travelers moving hurriedly through the dark mountains just as a gust of wind — suggesting the presence of mischievous, malevolent fairies — is compounding their dread.
And bad art arises from it.” He finished with a poor grade and wandered London before spending four years in the United States with no green card — in San Francisco, where he worked as a cook and did some web design; in Las Vegas, where he worked on websites for big casinos; and in New York with the art dealer Gavin Brown .
That dynamic, adapted from Akira Kurosawa’s “Seven Samurai,” endures in the director Antoine Fuqua’s update of “The Magnificent Seven,” in which Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Chris Pratt and others are the mismatched gunslingers; Peter Sarsgaard is the ruthless industrialist they are set against.
Greater Bangkok, a sprawling metropolis with more than 10 million people, has 1,300 homeless people, a survey this year found.
“Compatibility,” he concludes, “is an achievement of love; it must not be its precondition.” _____ 9.
Some of the décor, like a room decorated with antique kimonos, may be familiar to those who recall the original Megu in TriBeCa.
Since he was 8, he has been pitching in and loves putting our clients’ weights back in their bins.
March 4, 5 and 6.
Mr. Anderson and Ms. Freeman declined to comment.
8 p.m. [$31] • Mets host Braves, 7:10 p.m. (SNY).
And now am the rankings member on the Budget Committee, leader of the Democrats in opposition to the majority Republicans.
Toward that end, Pleasantville, like many Westchester communities, has passed regulations requiring new residential development to include 10 percent affordable housing units.
The priest, former Archbishop John Nienstedt, decided to discontinue his work at the church “in light of the unintended discord that his presence was causing.” the Rev.
Like pushing on an open door, the Giants handled the winless Cleveland Browns on Sunday afternoon, with wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. overcoming a thumb injury early on to catch six passes for 96 yards and two touchdowns in a 27-13 victory.
Nothing has ever been found.
Ascap and its rival, BMI, are both asking the Justice Department to make changes to their consent decrees, which the organizations both say need to be updated for the digital age.
The Quinnipiac team practiced at the town rink, often at midnight, and Pecknold did not get an office until the university converted a janitor’s closet.
And fourth, taking an equal role in the production alongside the elite professional musicians of The Sixteen choir and orchestra were several dozen homeless people.
Holocaust Memorial and Tolerance Center, 100 Crescent Beach Road.
The increase in applications was prompted by a call to the public from Chief David O.
Extras on the Blu-ray reissue include a documentary of the tribute concert inspired by the movie and Dan Drasin’s “Sunday” (1961), documenting the “folk song riot” in Washington Square.
(“They should be treated as living treasures.”) Ms. Abramovic amended her section about Aboriginals after she was criticized for writing, in advance copies of “Walk Through Walls”: “They look like dinosaurs … When you first meet them, you have to put effort into it.
I eased myself down into a scabby chair with some of its leather rubbed off.
One of the articles noted in the first sentence that the documents appeared to come from “an anonymous hacker believed to have connections with the Russian government.” “In the end,” she said, “I feel comfortable we gave it the appropriate attention in terms of what it warranted.”
Russian military intervention in Syria has convinced many in the Alawite elite that Mr. Assad will never fall.
staffers deride and disregard the operatives, and play down the dangers in Libya.
“It will become in some small way their shared book,” Weidermann writes, “the story of eternal flight and of the belief that there is a place, which will hold its secret forever, where the Jews of the world will be able to live in peace.”
The United States government may have a reasonable case when it comes to Mr. Farook, but a victory here would open a Pandora’s box that can’t be closed in the United States or anywhere in the world.
It is unclear what Mr. Paxton will do next.
Claire Durand, a sociologist and polling expert at the University of Montreal, said that in the previous independence votes, the public decided, seemingly at the last minute, against radical change, and that she expected it would do so again in the referendum on European Union membership.
Streaming audio is more essential to the music industry than ever before, but last week WKCR-FM (89.9), the radio station of Columbia University, abruptly shut its online simulcast, cutting off the eclectic station from listeners outside the reach of its broadcast signal.
While the harsh federal sentencing guidelines, and ceding of vast power to federal prosecutors, does play a significant role in discouraging jury trials, there is another factor in play that is under the control of the judges.
$6 and $7; members and children under 5, free.
Larger works here were created with the same technique, but with individual pieces of dyed wool laid over textiles with pre-existing patterns.
At times, Mr. Cruz was interrupted.
“Even though he didn’t like the fuss of it.” That was Mr. Cunningham’s way.
By contrast, in the Middle East, emotional responses are often expected to emotional questions.
It was sitting in the home dugout on Tuesday night.
“I just happen to be one of the guys that can try to fulfill any void a team needs on any given night,” Iguodala said.
We slept in the car in a bank parking lot that overlooked the ocean; in the moments before sleep I conjured plans for an ordinary life in Newfoundland, one made slightly better by grassy cliffs and salty air.
It’s a moment of understated empathy.
At a bare minimum, Francis has clearly endorsed the idea that bishops must move church practice closer to the realities of the pews, where priests often accommodate people whose lives do not comport with a strict reading of church norms.
Welcome shout-outs to “Gosford Park” and “Downton Abbey” are evident in the plotting here.
It’s made from manioc, or cassava meal, and sprinkled on the dish like a crumb topping.
If this is another great unraveling for the Cubs, then the ground ball that skittered under the glove of Leon Durham in 1984 and the fan Steve Bartman’s interference of 2003 will have company in their history of heartbreak.
It improved to 15-3-2 against Metropolitan Division teams.
They pack and unpack; they call the cable company.
A variation of the able-bodied sport, the game is played by people with various impairments who, sitting and sliding along the floor, volley over a nearly four-foot net.
Women who reach 10 years of service — what Mr. Carter called “their peak years for starting a family” — have a retention rate that is 30 percent lower than their male counterparts.
May” because of his October struggles; the vulnerable Billy Martin was jerked around, as were more lovable managers; general managers — grown men — were sometimes forced to stay in their hotel rooms after a loss.
Once they figured it out, they never changed.
Acosta boasts that he is almost single-handedly changing the face of the neighborhood, turning it from a brick-heavy, down-at-the-heels patch of the city to something more upscale.
There’s a lot of angry tap, especially in the weaker second act.
Alumni protest that pinhead reporters don’t know the whole story, that these coaches and presidents and chancellors are princely men.
And when he returned from the disabled list with his hair dyed blond, he hit so well that his teammates joked that they wanted to dye their hair the same color.
When he took the stage after Mr. Vander Plaats’s introduction, at a theater in Winterset, he said the key to Republicans’ taking the White House was simple, and would not require a compromise with moderates.
While 38 percent of people worry every day, most of them do not have anxiety.
When prime masterworks do come up for auction, they perform well, as evidenced by the $58 million paid in July for Peter Paul Rubens’s “Lot and His Daughters” at Christie’s London’s old masters sale, the second-most expensive work ever sold at auction by the artist.
Survivors have slowly returned to the Kilinochchi area, after months or even years in government rehabilitation camps, to undertake the wearying task of rebuilding their lives.
“Neurocognitive dysfunctions can quickly become academic dysfunctions,” Tough writes.
Just off the flight, he was one of the people who found the musician’s body.
This is exactly what has happened to the Socialist Party in France, where workers who have been hurt by unemployment and globalization are voting for Marine Le Pen and the far-right National Front, not for the left.
But this year, dozens of universities are taking new measures to kill the party mood, increasingly worried about student safety and the relationship between alcohol and sexual assault complaints.
1 draw at the North American box office .
The music Mr. Felder performs on a gleaming grand piano is pleasant, but he never manages to slip into the maestro’s skin (1:45).
Some tax preparers are telling clients to pay them the penalties for going without health insurance , only to keep the money for themselves.
A mainstay of the New York City Opera in the 1950s and ’60s, Ms. Curtin was noted for the purity of her voice, the sensitivity of her musical phrasing and the crystalline perfection of her diction.
The unsettled governor’s race is only one of many voting-related dramas that have engulfed North Carolina recently.
It calls for creditors to accept $32.6 billion to $37.4 billion up front by exchanging existing bonds for two new classes of bonds.
John Kasich of Ohio garners 23 percent.
Almost every four years, as it was last week, the Smith dinner is also the last joint appearance by the two major party presidential candidates.
He painted funny.” Even though hiplet challenges the traditional notions of ballet, in which line and form are held to exacting standards, Mr. Bryant’s hybrid is borne more from classical ballet than from hip-hop.
The Super Bowl has a Tier 1 special event assessment rating, which allows federal agencies to spend money to help secure the event.
Along the way a large rat darted out of the bushes and nearly across Ms. Jeng’s feet.
My instincts say yes, but I’ve never really been on speaking terms with my instincts.
Bernard B. Jacobs Theater, 242 West 45th Street, colorpurple.com, 212-239-6200.
“She would have said: ‘Don’t get married, it’s not worth divorcing.
‘Fashion Academy, the Musical’ (Saturday and Sunday) Vital Theater Company has just revived this show, which focuses on a middle-schooler, MacKenzie Williams, known as Mickey.
You will be richer for having had the conversation, but just don’t expect an easy answer or one that won’t change over time as your goals do.
The cause is clear: The number of prescriptions written has quadrupled over 15 years, while the number of overdose deaths has also quadrupled.
Although Chapman, who fired eight gunshots into the wall of his garage after an argument with his girlfriend, expressed little remorse, he became an attraction at Yankee Stadium after he served a 30-game suspension, with fans swooning each time one of his fastballs registered at more than 100 miles per hour.
How authentic is a grand 18th-century French apartment in 1980s Manhattan or a righteously reclaimed-wood-clad loft in 2016 Brooklyn anyway?
Unlike procedures now in place, no deadlines then forced appeals to move through the courts.
New England exploited a weak link in the Cardinals defense: Brandon Williams, a rookie cornerback who was a running back until his senior year of college.
Brie Larson won the Oscar for best actress for her work in “Room.” This is her first Oscar nomination.
A Supreme Court spokeswoman could not confirm that he had examined Justice Scalia, and Admiral Monahan did not respond to a phone message.
For a European Union shaken by the British exit, cooperation on security, a major concern of voters on the Continent, was an obvious focus of last week’s summit meeting in Bratislava , the Slovak capital.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning .
Do I need to budget differently if I live in a big city instead of a small one?
“The interesting things to me are these classic silhouettes, and they’re very well done,” said Garrett Munce, a fashion editor at GQ magazine .
and the National Shooting Sports Foundation are countering with their own ads for candidates like Mr. Heck.
“It’s kind of a sickness I have in off-hours,” Mr. Turpin said in an interview.
That compared with a profit of 1.98 billion francs in the first quarter of 2015.
For example, a well-used length of wood carved with medallions and the year 1791 is a mangle board, used for pressing linen — a harbinger of irons.
The apartment also has a 2,625-square-foot wraparound terrace on the top level that can be reached through the great room, which has a fireplace; the formal dining room; and the breakfast area off the kitchen.
Ambulances were clustered around the entrance to the subway station, next to the normally busy Rue de la Loi, which runs through the heart of the so-called European quarter.
Plenty of provocative work is still being published, of course.
Her $971 monthly rent is largely covered by the Services for the UnderServed Inc., a social services organization in the city.
Reading the emails revealed by The Guardian, it appears that is exactly what the Walker campaign did.
As I rode an escalator to the train platform, water dripped on me from above.
Instead, the park is staffed with “playworkers” who “encourage risk taking and assess hazards,” said Jackie Katz, one of the park’s founders.
Nonetheless, some people came closer to my own experience with fino.
Few have ever loved playing baseball more than Rodriguez, and some team may seek to sign him after the Yankees were to officially release him at the conclusion of Friday’s game.
Is this argument just semantics, or does it go deeper?
Mr. Solomon quit his job in the late 1970s to take care of his family, particularly his brother, who was born with a growth on his spine that affected his breathing.
She and her husband, Philip, will most likely pose for a photo in front of 10 Downing Street with Mr. Cameron and his family, as their predecessors have done.
So when it came time to collaborate with Mr. Batali on this week’s dinner, Ms. Comerford and Susan Morrison, the White House pastry chef, knew what they were getting.
The complaints, online and in the news media, have struck at the heart of Mr. Sisi’s carefully created image as a staunch nationalist defending Egypt against covetous foreign powers, and forced his government to defend its decision.
Usually, she ignored the pool, but that day she looked at us as if she were a cornered animal; even to me, and I was quite callous then, our presence seemed like a cruel intrusion on her vulnerability.
In other game shows, you can win money.
He decided to stay in Beirut, earning a master’s in product design from the Académie Libanaise des Beaux-Arts, where he now teaches.
Pekka Rinne and the Nashville Predators clung to a small lead for two full periods, scrambling and dodging and stopping everything the Anaheim Ducks could throw at them.
His museum shares a fence with the base, and Futenma’s closing would relieve Mr. Sakima of the noise of jets and helicopters.
This is a plot I welcome after the convoluted, elongated Sin Rostro story line (which this week resulted in Luisa falling off the wagon, nearly getting Lina fired a necessitating a return to rehab) because it’s sillier, though with real stakes.
Much of his show is the host elaborating on his own struggles, which by now are pretty familiar.
“There’s an enormous amount of beauty in these pictures,” she said.
To prepare the team for that eventuality, though, coaches cut short what they call the 86-80 drill, in which players must protect that lead — or erase it — over three minutes.
Mosul Dam, which was completed in 1984 by a German and Italian consortium and is 30 miles upstream from the city of Mosul, has long been a maintenance nightmare.
These were brave, progressive goals then.
They die because something specific killed them.
I sat on the same train and checked the subway map enough times to wear out its plastic enclosure.
I’d also never seen an Orthodox rabbi sipping prosecco.
The $64 million performance space opened in the Hayes Valley neighborhood in 2013 , billed as the first stand-alone building designed specifically for jazz.
In 1880, New York City was home to fewer than 20,000 Italians; 30 years later, there were more than 25 times that.
O.K., look, it’s nowhere near as terrible as the “Ghostbusters” song , so that’s something.
He says anything that’s on his mind.
But the team was down 21 points, meaning it turned to a throw-happy desperation offense.
Not like anything weird — I wasn’t exactly doing any, like, mime.
Whatever New Yorkers may think of him, his supporters around the country admire his self-developed image as an embodiment of the city’s ambition, wealth and power.
“It’s the first time since I’ve been voting that New York’s primary makes a difference,” said Jon Hellman, 49, who had come to vote for Senator Bernie Sanders with his 21-year-old son, Nathaniel.
They are the superficial indicators of the deep influence Reyes’s teammates say his presence has had on the team.
On Thursday, that machine delivered what it called the “only authentic Patronus experience,” allowing visitors to Ms. Rowling’s definitive fan site, Pottermore, to take a quiz and see what theirs would be.
I know Yedlin can play right wing or right back.
He estimated that his farm, which has a pick-your-own operation and supplies supermarkets like Whole Foods and Big Y, would forfeit about $400,000 in sales of peaches, which make up about one-fifth of its output.
Ms. Lopez, who is from Honduras, first took a class with Professor Pogge in her junior year, and he agreed soon after to supervise her senior thesis.
Though a caricature emerged of her as a Machiavelli in heels, scheming her ascent, to others she seemed more desirous of powerful obscurity.
지난해 6월 주말에 캘리포니아 마운틴 뷰에 있는 구글 캠퍼스에서 열린 사이푸캠프에서 페이지는 거의 내내 콘퍼런스 자리를 지켰다.
His father is a senior counsel focusing on real estate law at the law firm Herrick, Feinstein in Manhattan.
His father is a senior partner specializing in construction and insurance law in Fabiani Cohen & Hall.
“I only reach two conclusions,” said Mr. Rubio, 44, going in for the kill.
And he would like to invest in the nation’s highways, bridges and other infrastructure , a goal Democrats and Republicans share, though the parties do not agree on how to pay for a large-scale public works package.
Spain, by contrast, has put two new attackers into its lineup.
June 4 at 7 p.m. $30.
The university says that it investigates sexual assault complaints fully, but that it also has an obligation to pursue misconduct under the Honor Code.
Ms. Lemper has devoted increasing effort in recent years to using songs to address injustice and political strife.
But, she said, “They were all ready and willing to be interviewed.” Four needed surgery.
He had a few highlight-reel throws in the outfield and some great quotations reported in the news media, creating a perfect storm of attention.
Chris Christie from the operation.
Construction of homes has collapsed, dropping by 95 percent from 2007 to 2016.
“Is he single?” Apparently, fixing up attractive bachelors with suitable wives was one of her hobbies.
He and his lawyers are seeking class-action status for the case.
It’s not clear if the complaints will be a problem for the deal, which has already been approved in the United States.
But an investigation by The New York Times into the financial maze of Mr. Trump’s real estate holdings in the United States reveals that companies he owns have at least $650 million in debt — twice the amount than can be gleaned from public filings he has made as part of his bid for the White House.
However, I cannot support considering his nomination to the Supreme Court.
It’s a historical transformation that is bound to raise very legitimate concerns.
Another of the industry’s concerns is ensuring that enough young and healthy people sign up to stabilize the market.
In much the same way as Mr. Zender teased out the color oppositions in his orchestration, Mr. Bostridge created starkly delineated voices for the conversations that mostly take place in the narrator’s lovesick and unbalanced mind.
“You think about a guy in a dark suit as a professional, not someone who could get murdered.”
If we journalists have any job during a campaign, it’s to ground our work in reality, rather than only dramatic criticism.
The case is unusual in that it involves an airbag the plaintiff argues aggressively deployed, rather than ruptured, but for the same reasons as a rupture.
The triple-trapeze performers aren’t bonded enough.
He pushed his case firmly, hitting his campaign’s focal points on the economy and trade.
He had met someone else at a conference and wanted to give that relationship a try.
Ronald Nelson Mr. Nelson’s background is a mix of business and media.
This exhibition, selected by a jury, consists of 89 works, in a wide range of media, selected from more than 1,200 submissions.
Tzipi Livni, a centrist former foreign minister and justice minister who now sits in the Parliamentary opposition, denounced the settlement bill, writing on Twitter that it constitutes “major damage to the rule of law at home, damage to Israel abroad, and primarily conveys a message that might makes right, when faced with a weak prime minister.” Mr. Netanyahu warmly welcomed Mr. Trump’s victory, calling him “a true friend” of Israel.
Though he writes, “I’ve never been competitive with Brian,” he also tosses in zingers like, “I’m a Pisces, and Brian, a Gemini; and it is said that a Pisces writes out of inspiration while a Gemini writes out of desperation.” The biggest bone of contention in the book is Mr. Love’s claim that he wrote many of the lyrics credited to Mr. Wilson and was knowingly cheated out of credit and royalties by him and by Murry Wilson, the Wilson boys’ famously abusive father.
Dr. Lee said his father called the bigots misguided, and urged him to be proud of his heritage.
1564 Broadway, at 47th Street, ticketmaster.com, 877-250-2929.
Asked to compare his own business acumen to Mr. Bloomberg’s, Mr. Trump said, “It’s different kinds of business, it’s a very different kind of business, but I would say that if he ran, I’d be very happy about it.” He described Mr. Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York, as a friend, and said he “called me to help him out” with a construction situation in the Bronx, at what is now a Trump golf course on a former city landfill at Ferry Point.
There was little government research into cancer and little focus on it.
“I reject the challenges by the defense and find the request a valid one,” District Judge Quentin Purdy said in his written decision on Wednesday.
O.K., I actually hate that last part.
After ripping off a season-high seven consecutive victories, the Yankees seemed to be settling into a funk in recent days, scoring just two runs Sunday in a loss to Tampa Bay and two again Monday in a loss to the Dodgers.
Asked if he was worried about C.T.E., Lindros said: “It’s not fear, but I think anybody who has played is going to have some concerns about some problems down the road.
… I know, you’re not the only one confused.
Towne Crier Cafe, 379 Main Street.
But world-class athletes are turning a withering fire on sports’ ruling bodies.
Volkswagen would also pay $2.7 billion into an E.P.A.
Ken Nopar, senior philanthropic adviser at American Endowment Foundation, a sponsor of donor-advised funds, said his parents put their family foundation into a donor-advised fund about a year ago.
“I see more and more collectors going in both directions,” said Marc Spiegler, global director of Art Basel.
John Kasich of Ohio put a positive spin on the results in a few favorable states on Tuesday night.
A hunger for knowledge and food The pope should know that Mexico is the most dangerous country for a woman, that our government is the biggest circus in the world, that here in Mexico slavery exists in many forms, that our children receive a poor education, they have hunger for knowledge and real hungry too; this is the most beautiful country and we have fear of living here.
President Charles de Gaulle regards the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as finished as far as France is concerned, French government sources said today [Feb. 22].
Roughly an hour into the trip, after having made two unscheduled stops on the side of Interstate 94, the driver announced over the intercom that we were turning around to switch buses.
But as a wealthy financier suddenly thrust onto one of the world’s biggest stages, he is quickly confronting the scrutiny that accompanies the modern political power couple.
He can become the first player in N.F.L.
Instead, the House bill directs its money to mosquito control and vaccine development.
That wouldn’t be her decision, but she’s learned to respect his.
CRUZ: You know, the lines are very, very clear.
and their related agents have done with legislative and City Council and school board races.
The family has set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for Ms. Warner’s funeral and burial expenses.
Some people thought the victims had it coming because they were gay — “Well, it’s sad, but it is what it is.” — even law people and judges were taking that position.
At the end, the ovation was tremendous.
A day after The New York Times published an article pointing out that “the Republican nominee has not held a single event aimed at black voters in their communities, shunning the traditional stops at African-American churches, historically black colleges and barber shops and salons that have long been staples of the presidential campaign trail,” Trump ventured to a suburban town outside Milwaukee that is 95 percent white and 1 percent black to tell the black population of America — a population that has been consumed in recent years by a discussion of police misconduct and extrajudicial killings — that “the problem in our poorest communities is not that there are too many police, the problem is that there are not enough police.” The speech was tone deaf, facile and nonsensical, much like the man who delivered it.
But Pierre, as it turns out, plays the accordion, and Mr. Groban does not.
” Hamilton announces this entrepreneurial ambition early in the show: “Hey, yo, I’m just like my country/I’m young, scrappy and hungry.” The night’s biggest applause line, “Immigrants: We get the job done !,” proclaims that, contra Donald J. Trump, immigrants are the source of America’s greatness and renewal, not its decline.
When we finally did order our food, the appetizers took close to a half-hour to arrive.
The project for the state-controlled utility has long been contentious.
His mother was never anything more to him than an elusive stranger.
Rather, Ms. Schneider said the product is formulated with vitamin K2, boron and magnesium with a special coating that improves absorption, all of which aim to improve the uptake of calcium in foods.
Only 8 percent said they had returned the unused medication to a pharmacy or doctor.
The media jumped on scare studies and stories about day care centers harming children — including claims of satanic rituals and sexual abuse — and blamed mothers for disrupting children’s development.
lost the antidoping battle at Rio,” said Joseph de Pencier, president of the Institute of National Anti-Doping Organizations.
The poet Louise Glück, on the subject of book sales, wrote back, “The books may not sell, but neither are they given away or thrown away.
He gave the cheerleaders shoulder massages, he challenged the boys to chess or wrestling, and on Fridays, instead of teaching the course materials, he devoted class time to Bible Jeopardy.
She told me: “There’s a new group on the right that says: We’re unwilling to bow our heads any longer.
“I think we need a big national dance,” she said.
“If I could be like any one of them, I think I’ll be all right,” Dunn said.
It also drew comparisons to a recent case in which a Stanford University student, Brock Turner, was sentenced to six months in jail by a judge after being convicted of sexual assault.
• If the election didn’t turn out how you hoped, be wary of making any sudden moves with your investments, our money columnist says .
June 14 at 7:30 p.m. “Hangs Upon Nothing” (2013), surf documentary directed by Jeremy Rumas.
For what it’s worth, the so-called secession plan is little more than a few tweets and a website at the moment, so I don’t think it’s going anywhere.
Then the veteran economic consultant William Townsend, impressed by Greenspan’s Conference Board writings, asked the 26-year-old to become his partner.
The doctors, according to the report, stated that Mr. Azer’s injuries had been caused by the impact of a solid object, but as with thousands of similar allegations made against the police in Egypt over the past decades, prosecutors never took the case to court.
“We have seen the support from society drop, perhaps because many people do not think it important and others believe the government,” said Bernabé Abrajan Gaspar, the father of one of the students, Adán Abrajan.
Who, if anyone, is to blame when a child wanders away?
“One-for-38 Kasich” fell by the wayside.
She’s a dual citizen of both France and Algeria, and just listening to her talk about that experience showed me why it was dangerous to make a one-on-one comparison between black folks there and black folks here.
‘Then She Fell’ Go ask Alice (2:00).
Technology companies, however, will be allowed to notify their customers about warrants.
The final week of the 2016 presidential race has seen a blitz of television ads in swing states, with more than $86 million in airtime reserved by the campaigns and their allies.
The drug syndicate that federal authorities say mistakenly killed Ms. Walker four days after Christmas in 2013 was led by José Alfredo Velazquez, a Mexican-born businessman who speaks little English, and Adrian Lemons, who has a drug arrest record in St. Louis dating to the 1990s, according to a federal indictment and other court records.
So far, the effort has had little success.
Lo or Jay Z — the only way she gets anybody,” he said.
Instead, much of their focus, beyond the health care law, has been on attacking Planned Parenthood.
Henrique tied the score at 1-1 with his 23rd goal of the season at 5:14.
Its title is from a famous notebook entry by Jasper Johns.
A department investigator, Linda Carrington-Allen, later testified that despite finding “strong evidence” that Mr. Ford had previously sexually assaulted inmates, she could not order him transferred because of contract protections.
Pricing, she said, is all over the board, as it is dependent on color choice, thickness and market region, but she said installed prices per square foot were roughly $3 to $7 for vinyl, $8 to $12 for fiber cement and $7 for steel or aluminum.
“Viva” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian) for strong language, sexual content and brief graphic nudity.
Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free.
For the free late show, be prepared to line up hours ahead of time.
I come from a long line of New York cops, beginning with my grandfather and continuing with my father and my uncle.
In just a few short days, Mr.
The misperception that mentally ill people are inherently dangerous is one of the most treacherous ideas in circulation about us.
There was more riding on the outcome than a gold medal.
These demographic attributes — which have helped her to wide victories in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and South Carolina — held true in Mississippi, where seven in 10 Democratic voters on Tuesday were African-American, and an almost identical number said that the next president should generally continue Mr. Obama’s policies.
Every now and then, a thread of blood appears in the patient’s eye socket.
That’s what made them objective.
And an audience was frozen into the kind of stillness that no one dares interrupt, not even with a startled gasp.
“I ask myself: Where is everybody going?” she says, and smiles ruefully.
Long delayed, it emerged from a tumultuous period in Nepalese history, including a decade-long civil war led by Maoists, the overthrow of the monarchy in 2008 and a devastating earthquake in April.
The reliability of Autopilot is a sensitive matter for Tesla because the company tries to present itself to customers and investors as a technology company rather than an automaker, said Mr. Brauer, the Kelley Blue Book analyst.
Mr. Padron recalled an exchange he said he had outside a polling place with a supporter of Jeb Bush.
The former Federal Reserve chairmen Ben Bernanke and Paul Volcker filed a friend-of-the-court brief this summer that supported the council’s conclusions.
The Morning Consult estimates confirm the findings of a Huffington Post/YouGov poll conducted after Mr. Trump’s announcement.
(APPLAUSE) HOLT: We will take a break.
In addition, according to the department, nearly nine million more workers who should already be eligible for overtime under the current duties test will be protected against being denied overtime illegally.
Fight Back also provided counseling and placement services when jobs became available.
They had lobbied to split up A.I.G.
He said the plan was to spray once a week with Naled to kill adult mosquitoes and once a week with insecticide to kill larvae.
When the mayor of Philadelphia proposed a soda tax in 2010, the beverage industry offered $10 million to the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia if the tax proposal was dropped.
She met Mr. Terry while buying a band T-shirt after a concert at Kent State University in August 2000.
When your pancake is done, it isn’t served to you on a plate.
In Guinea, Mr. Mebiame and others were involved in rewriting the Guinean mining code on official letterhead that would be used to notify existing owners of legal issues with their mining permits, according to the complaint.
“There was pheasant someone gave us, or wild salmon, or runny homemade jam from a neighbor, but it wasn’t fancy.” Her culinary epiphany came at age 15, when she went to a small town in France as an exchange student.
But it is difficult to know just how many homes are sold through contracts for deed or rent-to-own leases because not all states require such transactions to be publicly recorded.
LISTENING TO STONE: The Art and Life of Isamu Noguchi , by Hayden Herrera.
Camille Henrot drew obsessively as a girl growing up in Paris.
“Congress is not going to be able to ignore America forever,” he said.
In any event, Italian calligraphy has changed so much since then that both are largely illegible to anyone who isn’t an expert.
Time, however, finally caught up with him.
It’s no surprise that the bus is being tested in Helsinki, which has been at the forefront of efforts to use technology to rethink public transportation.
Under these restraints and until Mr. Trump’s election, populism was confined to the fringes of the political system.
Now, sipping his Coke, he cited his moderate-for-a-Republican view that Planned Parenthood was a valuable women’s health care organization, albeit one that should not receive federal funding as long as it performed abortions.
“I know that this community, more than most, knows exactly what those families are feeling at this moment, knows exactly what the San Diego Police Department is going through at this moment,” Ms. Lynch said.
That is why it increased the dividend despite a 7 percent drop in underlying pretax profit in 2015.
Senator Lamar Alexander, a Tennessee Republican, said in 2008, “Just because it’s a presidential election year is no excuse for us to take a vacation.” In fairness, Democrats have also been hypocritical.
The agency did say people could still contact the bureau if they had specific leads.
To take the future with them as they’re looking at the past.
“I expected it to be difficult,” Takamatsu said, “and I’ve found it quite difficult, but it is the only thing I can do.
Mr. Trump, the self-proclaimed business genius, had to resort to four bankruptcies for his casinos.
The second is that Trump is not always wrong.
Ms. Mearns’s dancing has not always been at its most precise this season; and that was evident in two moments of her Sunday performance.
In my 1992 speech, I noted that in the five cases in which justices were confirmed in the summer of an election year, all five were filling vacancies that had arisen before the summer began.
Footsteps approached the door, and a tall, gaunt man in a button-down shirt opened it.
Doctors are using immunotherapy to help the cells of the immune system recognize and attack cancer cells.
Because really, for Netflix to win, everyone else has to lose.” And that can’t happen.
“But it was really sweet and quaint.” He signed the lease with his first landlord, a Holocaust survivor, over tea.
The Philharmonic, in its current program, is performing Mahler’s Ninth Symphony, conducted by Bernard Haitink; and the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra played Mahler’s Fifth Symphony on Saturday evening at Carnegie, led by Marin Alsop.
A model wears a summertime suit designed by Margaret Howell.
Blitz said he remained concerned about the growth of art-based lending in Sotheby’s revenues, which was up 20 percent in the first half of 2016, to $29.5 million.
What bugged me the most about the perfection of the Savior scheme, as I watched it unfold, was its timing.
The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency.” And our new national security adviser is going to be Michael Flynn, a very creepy retired general whose son/former chief of staff has been promoting stupendously false stories about Hillary Clinton’s involvement in a child sex ring at a pizza restaurant.
And we will make America great again.
Can Turner Classic Movies Be Its Salvation?” [ Vox ] • “Are You Ready to Meet Your Fixer Uppers?
An earlier filing cited a stake in the Warburg Pincus XI Partners fund.
Given its meager number of delegates and its tiny, remote media markets, it is rare for a presidential campaign to give this state the time of day.
His brother, Khalid, was the subway station bomber.
Michel Temer , Brazil’s new president, may have just vanquished his rival, Dilma Rousseff , in the bruising impeachment battle that resulted in her final removal from office on Wednesday.
Charlie, a Skye terrier, was second to the now-retired Miss P, a beagle, for best in show last year.
They were unaware that at the time the programmer still sat on the scientific advisory board of the National Security Agency.
U.S. crude rose $1.18, or 4.2 percent, to close at $29.53 a barrel in New York.
(It may have been “informal,” but it had photo ops.)
“It almost felt like we jumped back in time.” Ms. Smollett-Bell, who has worked with Francis Ford Coppola and played opposite Denzel Washington, said it was one of the hardest scenes she’d ever done.
Zika also spreads in countries in Africa and Asia , but transmission is far less intense because the virus has been there for decades and many people have immunity.
They’re like Starbucks there, only it may be easier to get a seat at Starbucks.
“That’s what I do.” Donald Sloan answered with a 3-pointer for the Nets, and Wayne Ellington missed a 3 that would have tied it.
Though the chemistry between the judges and hosts starts off as a weak and awkward flicker, it brightens as the show goes on.
Fox Theater, Foxwoods Resort Casino, 350 Trolley Line Boulevard.
And that’s probably pretty much all you care about.
These 10 steps, if rigorously followed and enforced, will accomplish more in a matter of months than our politicians have accomplished on this issue in the last 50 years.
“Nothing had changed about the company’s ambition to control the retail opportunity in one of the country’s most valuable locations,” Ms. Sagalyn wrote.
Back then, Microsoft managed to outflank rivals like Netscape by bundling its Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system, and by using licenses and payments to prevent computer makers from installing competing browsers.
It was his first appearance in South Carolina after a resounding victory in the New Hampshire primary.
Rentlogic’s efforts to make the rental market less opaque have not been entirely thwarted — it continues to provide information about buildings and landlords across the city, along with some rental listings.
Cinderella’s glitter-bombed feet, more than her face, snap him out of his perpetual ennui.
They rarely interrupted one another.
I was so upset that I just turned my face away and walked to my car.
Ajayi became just the fourth player in N.F.L.
“Like everybody else, I arrived and bummed around for two years, not knowing what I was going to do, trying to do a bunch of things, failing,” he says.
The report comes as members of Congress, Homeland Security and intelligence officials have undertaken a broader examination of the nation’s immigration policy and have raised concern about individuals with ties to terrorist groups gaining entry into the United States.
“The real goal of the disclosure proponents is to harass, intimidate and silence those with whom they disagree,” said Blair Latoff Holmes, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
• When will NYT Now stop providing news?
As the trial finished for the day, Justice Chun sternly warned jurors to avoid reading not only coverage of Officer Liang’s trial, but also any articles that might even mention the case.
Larraine’s rent money went to Tobin (also a pseudonym).
Reading Mr. Ellis’s novel today, the hysteria of 1991 is almost inexplicable to me.
In the game that followed, against the defending Big 12 champion, Iowa State, Hield scored 39 points in a 79-76 victory.
He became determined to write articles that made a difference.
Prepare for patchy fog during your morning commute, and possible showers during your return home.
Has it also helped that you’re close with the mayor?
Two of her grandparents speak to her; two don’t.
To enter the country, they need to be microchipped, vaccinated against rabies and several other diseases, treated for parasites and examined by a veterinarian; their owners must also pay for an import license and book quarantine accommodation.
The cane lines the river’s edge beneath canyon cliffs in sections of Big Bend that are impossible to reach by vehicle.
But Korn Ferry has a successful history of placing minority candidates in leadership positions in other sports — including Masai Ujiri, the president of the Toronto Raptors; Hugh Jackson, the head coach of the Cleveland Browns; Charlie Strong, the first African-American head football coach at the University of Texas; and Craig Littlepage, the athletic director at the University of Virginia.
Twinned with colleges’ innovations to attract and serve a new generation of students is a changed relationship between the schools and the schooled.
The police have yet to issue a statement on Thursday’s attack.
As at Bonhams, antiques are mixed with contemporary pieces.
After months of embarrassing revelations that the police had failed to challenge dubious claims of child sexual abuse committed by prominent Britons, the head of Scotland Yard announced on Thursday that the authorities might no longer be encouraged to believe every complaint.
“I just think it makes them feel good to have a counternarrative that everything the police do isn’t about beating someone up or shooting someone,” Mr. Kappeler said, adding that both positive and negative videos offer “somewhat distorted visions of policing.” “I’m not diminishing the problem of police violence,” Mr. Kappeler said, “but when you focus just on one aspect of a broader occupation, you don’t see the full range of behaviors that police engage in.” Officer Norman said that his followers “fall in love with these people that they’ll never even meet.” They have sent over a thousand packages for North Little Rock residents containing clothing, snacks and toys from across the world.
From whaling and international trade in the 18th century, to cotton mills and brick yards in the 19th century, to cement plants in the early 20th century, industry has risen and fallen.
Tom Brady, the quarterback of the New England Patriots, voted, though there is some controversy about for whom.
As the Warriors held off the Thunder in the fourth quarter on Monday, praise and respect for the Based God began to ring out on Twitter.
I’ve been up to their offices in Germany where they do the perfect fittings, and I get to select all the different fabrics to use, which is great.
But WikiLeaks seized on the contribution of just one: the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project.
Mr. Platt, a force behind Broadway’s “Wicked,” is developing an original movie musical starring Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig and based on the book “Everything’s Coming Up Profits: The Golden Age of Industrial Musicals.” The project, announced by Amblin on Thursday, will have a score written by Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman, who are known for the Broadway version of “Hairspray” and NBC’s “Smash.” Steven Levenson, who wrote the book for “ Dear Evan Hansen ,” a new hit on Broadway (starring Mr. Platt’s son, Ben Platt), will write the script.
A fourth municipality, Middletown, Pa., raised its rates before striking a deal.
When we talk about partisanship, then, we’re not talking about arbitrary teams, we’re talking about a deep divide on values and policy.
If there’s post-primary awkwardness in the Republican Party, Fox may both cover it and live it.
Other programs can handle PDF conversion, too.
How… Because she would have dared.
Like its founder-director, Benjamin Millepied , it’s an ambitious enigma.
The menu features Finland’s most sustainable fare (meatballs, salmon soup, reindeer); a large terrace extends over the shoreline; and a set of stairs lead right into the sea.
During his closing argument on Wednesday, Mr. Mukasey, Mr. Polos’s lawyer, displayed a tall placard with an illustration of a D.E.A.
Her father is an operations research analyst for the Energy Information Administration in Washington, the statistical and analytical agency within the Department of Energy.
For over a dozen years, their careers and personalities have been flip sides of an Olympic medal.
A couple of the leaked songs, “The Mind Is Powerful” and “Fall Out of Heaven” — which may or may not be from the “Pablo” sessions — are half-song, half-sketch, with Mr. West mumbling his way through the melody, moving from scribbled outline to completed thought and back again.
He claimed he never made up a character, our tour guide said.
And access to bathrooms and locker rooms has been a recurring issue.
In his New York Times review , Glenn Kenny called it “relentlessly amiable.” For Families With Older Kids This one is not a tough sell.
Huge group breakfasts with endless amounts of food, fragrant from an industrial kitchen, with a morning prayer sung in French.
The city introduced several Vision Zero initiatives last year, including closing large parts of Central Park and Prospect Park to car traffic on weekdays and setting up 140 speed cameras near schools.
Why am I making the bed?
Denouncing Mr. Trump “as a liar,” Mr. Stanley argued, “misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether.
TAXES: Approximately $33,479 a year, plus $3,500 a year in property owner’s association fees, $20,000 a year in required club membership dues and an annual maintenance fee of $2,400 CONTACT: Peter Nelsen and William Headley, Seabolt Brokers, (912) 713-3343; fordplantation.com
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; and by appointment.
Students’ registration fees will be refunded, he said in an email.
In an interview on Monday, Mr. Fineberg recalled his mother fondly as something of a human juggernaut who had zealously supported the tennis aspirations that, as a 12-year-old, he perhaps did not know he had.
SMALL-GREAT OBJECTS: ANNI AND JOSEF ALBERS IN THE AMERICAS Two beloved figures among artists, an abstract painter and weaver who met at the Bauhaus in Germany, made several trips to Latin America and the American Southwest between 1935 and 1967.
Jeb Bush, a former governor of Florida and a Republican presidential candidate, said on Saturday that Justice Antonin Scalia’s time on the Supreme Court had “left our nation vastly better off.” “Justice Scalia was a brilliant defender of the rule of law — his logic and wit were unparalleled, and his decisions were models of clarity and good sense,” he said.
Protecting the Ross Sea, in the Southern Ocean, had been on the commission’s agenda for around six years, and conservationists had been arguing for a no-fishing zone there for a decade, said Andrea Kavanagh, a director of the Southern Oceans Sanctuaries Campaign at the Pew Charitable Trusts in Washington.
The Seattle Mariners are still alive, and the Tigers, conceivably, could play five games in five cities from Sunday through Thursday.
Imagine a possible connection between a candidate for president in the United States and the Russian computer hacking.
Leonard’s work onstage (including a Broadway run in “Equus”) and his directing (“Three Men and a Baby,” two “Trek” movies) are acknowledged, as are his legal and artistic (and triumphant) battles with Paramount.
When I first became a sportswriter, nearly two decades ago, a reader sent me a letter, with no return address on the envelope, week after week.
And high schoolers in North Carolina are encouraged to take accelerated, for-credit classes through a statewide virtual school .
“I’m not sure I trust myself to decide which degree programs or which fields deserve that premium and what that premium should be,” Mr. Deaton said.
The all-star cast includes Owen Wilson, Kristen Wiig, Olivia Munn, Penélope Cruz and Will Ferrell.
South of the city of Aleppo, insurgent groups, including the Nusra Front, which is affiliated with Al Qaeda, began a coordinated attack, seeking to advance against government forces and allied militias in the town of Khan Touman and the surrounding area, according to insurgent spokesmen and antigovernment activists familiar with the fighting.
Countries often refuse to take individuals identified for deportation because of a lack of proper identification, problems in confirming citizenship, or poor record-keeping.
Mr. Child, though, is a numbers guy: All of the books, with their emphases on timing, probability, precise logistics and spatial calculations, reveal that.
Playgrounds are full of children come rain or shine, even in winter, when the snowsuits are out in full force.
“My stubbornness put me where I’m at.
WALLACE: But I’m asking you specifically.
It doesn’t mean you have to cut them.
Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com , or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday .
In February, the governor’s office and the health department announced ambitious battle plans .
It is therefore important that teenagers and low-income women do not face barriers when they decide to stop.
The police were called around 4:30 a.m. to the sidewalk in front of the community center, on West Ninth Street, where officers found Ms. Whigham unconscious and unresponsive, the authorities said.
We might take a run at Tamar Adler’s recipe for baked clams .
In the last 18 months, Guatemala has done more than just arrest a few high-profile figures.
It is tempting to wallow in the impossibility of Shostako­vich’s situation, and we should definitely empathize with the poor man, as Barnes has.
“The most fundamental ethos in the state of Texas is, ‘Give me a horse and a gun and an open plain, and I can conquer the world,’ ” Mr. Cruz told people at a Tea Party rally in East Texas on July 4, 2009.
As it happened, those demonstrators — legislators on chamber floors, marchers in the street — picked up the sweatshirt as an emblem, donning hoods in solidarity.
He says he wants to work for more civility and productivity in Congress, for comprehensive tax reform, for better constituent services and for government investment in the district, something his opponent often rejects on ideological grounds.
(Johnson) Martin Creed: ‘The Back Door’ (through Aug. 7) The first artist to be given the run of the Armory’s entire first floor, this British jack-of-all-mediums has proceeded with his usual modesty and wit.
“The town had the largest concentration of millionaires in Switzerland.” By the 1970s, things had changed.
If Harvard abolishes tuition for undergrads, Mr. Nader said, “it will ricochet across the Ivy League .” Maybe.
Berry has posted four episodes from the novel online, rendering the interior monologues of the main characters Stephen Dedalus and Leopold Bloom in thought balloons as the characters move through the backdrops of sandy beaches and city streets.
For over two decades, Neil H. Shubin, an evolutionary biologist, has investigated this transition in two radically different ways.
(Soloski) ‘THE CHERRY ORCHARD’ (in previews; opens on Oct. 16) The Tony-winning playwright Stephen Karam often writes in a laughter-through-tears Chekhovian tone.
You can be fiercely patriotic and relatively open because America was founded to take in people from around the globe and unite them around something new.
There are risks, you can’t force it.
His next three plays, also one-acts, were also successes Off Broadway: “The Sandbox” and “The American Dream” were portraits of family dynamics etched in acid, and “The Death of Bessie Smith,” which bordered on uncharacteristic agitprop, was about an incident (later revealed to be untrue) in which the great blues singer of the title, who died after an auto accident, had been turned away from a whites-only hospital.
This form of African art has few rivals, and for centuries mask dances have been part of rituals for weddings, funerals, crop-harvesting ceremonies and initiation rites.
The increase added $1.64 trillion to the total wealth of American families, putting it at $86.8 trillion, the report showed.
In just the last five years, three new companies promising to make improved cast-iron skillets with a combination of traditional handwork and modern technology have begun production.
A lively and erudite history of the passion for putting things in order.
The trial of the Bundys and five followers is the first of two expected trials stemming from the refuge seizure, and on Tuesday, the lawyers and defendants — three of whom are representing themselves — outlined the stories they said the evidence would show.
the End of the Road — the beginning (or termination) of the Alaska state highway system.
The Supreme Court’s infamous 1944 Japanese internment decision, Korematsu v. United States , has never been overturned.
While speeding up to track a bald eagle, one of our boats nicked the edge of a whirlpool and nearly lost a passenger overboard.
Tackling corruption also goes beyond currency, cash or even banking.
I fully expected Cora to drop and do 50, but I’m still not sure what to expect of Lady Mary.
City officials and a coalition of state legislators are seeking state funds to cover about 38 percent of the $1.7 billion cost, but the city will go ahead without state help: The administration of Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, has included the entire amount in the city’s 10-year capital plan.
They promoted the Howe Foundation for charitable work.
Longacre Theater, 220 West 48th Street, allegiancemusical.com, 212-239-6200.
Brooks Atkinson Theater, 256 West 47th Street, waitressthemusical.com, 877-250-2929.
■ It said it would be open to selling SABMiller’s assets in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia as part of a package of divestments to win approval from European regulators.
“I ran away,” he said later.
“It was time for me to contact my family,” he said.
Hamilton arrived in Abu Dhabi as the leader, with 334 points.
Speaking at the National Constitution Center here, about 100 miles from New York City, as Donald J. Trump was preparing to declare victory in his home state, Mr. Cruz signaled the tone he intends to strike in the next round of voting contests.
After her divorce, Ms. Jorgenson Wendt spent many years lecturing on financial parity during, and after, marriage.
Over the next five screens, you are presented with several text blocks and asked to select the one that looks best to you.
Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning .
She collected more than 17 million votes in 2008 as the first woman to ever come close to winning the presidential nomination of a major party; she has been named 12 times by Forbes as one of most powerful women in the world and found 20 times by Gallup to be the woman Americans admire most in the world.
“That’s a matter for the Supreme Federal Tribunal to decide,” Mr. Temer said, referring to Mr. Cunha’s trial at Brazil’s highest court on charges of pocketing as much as $40 million in bribes in the scheme around Petrobras.
When Nate praises tapas (“I’ve come to see the beauty in the small”), she curtly replies, “Never enough for me.” Of course, one-act plays are the tapas of the theater world.
Ninety-four percent of the 52 reviewed studies found that the interventions led to improved sleep, and more than 80 percent of children who were treated improved significantly.
Van Cortlandt Manor, 525 South Riverside Avenue.
The organization recently set up offices in northeast Nigeria, brought in experts who dealt with famine in South Sudan and is working “in a completely different way to address the gaps that clearly were there.” Here in Niger, humanitarian workers say food deliveries are flowing.
This would be a nice weekend to make Thai rice soup with pork-cilantro meatballs .
Hardworking immigrant families living in fear, who should be brought out of the shadows so they and their children can have a better future.
Failure to do so would only make the Republican Party complicit in Mr. Trump’s campaign of lies, hatred and division.
But “I Want You to Want Me” is greatly aided by some new recruits to Mr. Ferver’s clan: Carling Talcott-Steenstra and Barton Cowperthwaite.
Among the problems that had bedeviled the market for new stocks was the ease with which tech companies like Uber have found cash from private investors, removing the need to go public anytime soon.
Misty Copeland is joining Disney’s live-action “Nutcracker” film.
“It came down to three shifts today where we lost coverage and they capitalized.” Trailing late, the Devils had opportunities to even the score on a power play and with a six-on-five advantage when goalie Cory Schneider was pulled.
Neither he nor the company admitted wrongdoing.
He averaged 12.3 points and 6.0 rebounds for the Miami Heat last season.
I think it’s very American.” Women’s groups , religious activists and academics have been complaining about the racy ads for years.
This is our enduring value.”
At 3 a.m. on Monday, the car crossed back into New York through the Holland Tunnel, and was back at Mr. Rackover’s building 15 minutes later.
■ On Monday, The Palo Alto Weekly published a scathing anonymous letter from a juror in the Stanford case who said he was “absolutely shocked and appalled” by the sentence.
Its bathroom has double vanities, a heated stone floor, an oval bathtub and a walk-in shower.
You should feel good about that.” And so Season 3 of “Silicon Valley” picks up right where the last one left off: with Richard Hendricks and the Pied Piper team watching the latest boulder they’ve rolled up the hill roll back down again.
They were not asked specifically about the executive actions.
She got them from emergency rooms, dentists, psychiatrists, even plastic surgeons.
Officers from the Department of Public Safety and deputies from the Kalamazoo Sheriff’s Department spotted the suspect’s car in downtown Kalamazoo Sunday morning and pulled him over and arrested him, the authorities said.
Not a one of them.” A clever speaker in interviews with a vivid sense of mischief and the high-minded presumption of an artist, Mr. Albee was wont to confront slights rather than dismiss them, wielding his smooth, sardonic wit as a verbal fly-swatter.
Their strategy came as the vigor in federal merger enforcement had apparently been revived , and even exaggerated , even though this deal was in so many other ways big and audacious.
These past studies of exercise and neurogenesis understandably have focused on distance running.
“For the first time, 18 women M.P.’s have made their way to the Majlis, which is a record, and we are happy that the dear ladies of our country are present in all scenes and especially in politics,” he said in the post.
His mother retired as an account manager in Washington for Xerox.
We don’t know.” The growth of women’s soccer is an issue that has increasingly received attention globally, with FIFA, world soccer’s governing body, increasing its financial investment and pushing national associations to make the game’s growth more of a priority.
“Reward programs are much more important than they were three, four and five years ago.” He said that for the kind of workers he was looking for — administrators, sales representatives, accountants, paralegals, construction managers — the labor pool is not that deep.
But for a small group of Mets fanatics working at Major League Baseball Productions that year, the season was an experience that surpassed any conceivable fantasy.
And so we forget to be surprised by Hillary’s achievement.
‘Twinkle Tames a Dragon: The Musical’ (Saturday and Sunday) If you think a puppy can be obstreperous, imagine what a mischievous little dragon can do.
Many artists and designers are now leaving, and rundown seaside towns like Margate and Hastings are experiencing a real renaissance.
A. Google’s Trip Bundles feature , introduced for Inbox last year, scans the contents of your incoming messages for things like flight reservations, hotel confirmations and rental car bookings in the same time period, but it can sometimes grab the wrong information.
“It was tough for us to ever get in a rhythm,” Brady said.
We want to raise our own voices through our unions — and those voices are more essential than ever.
ERIC MACY San Diego The writer, an allergist at Kaiser Permanente San Diego Medical Center, received a research grant from the drug maker ALK to study drug allergies.
COFFEE RITUAL We’ll sit him in the high chair and make pancakes or eggs.
At these sites, called safe consumption facilities, addicts would receive clean needles and syringes and would be permitted to inject heroin, smoke crack cocaine and take other addictive drugs under the supervision of trained authorities.
Now the heads of Barnard College, Bryn Mawr College, Mount Holyoke College, the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University, Smith College, Vassar College and Wellesley College are asking the future senior White House adviser to “take a more expansive, informed and tolerant worldview.” “Our alumnae are accomplished leaders in all spheres of public and professional life; they are committed to their work, their families and their countries.
The coup attempt was followed hours later by an equally dramatic public appearance by the president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan , whose whereabouts had been unknown for hours after the plotters claimed to have taken control.
Their next stops are Ukraine and Georgia.
Sentencing was set for Aug. 10.
Let’s talk it through.’ ” They decided Mr. Gingrich would rebut Mr. Cruz by directly praising Mr. Trump.
“But nearly $37 million I don’t think is a real disappointment.” However, Twombly’s crimson 2004 abstract “Untitled (Bacchus 1st Version V)” was among five works on the night that carried Sotheby’s-financed guarantees.
Would they resurrect as zombies when science restored their bodies?
“We have a lot of people the same age as Elie Wiesel who pray that the monument will be built before they die so that they can touch the names of their relatives.”
An undercover agent ( Mathieu Kassovitz of “Amélie” and “Munich” fame) for the French intelligence service returns home to Paris after a six-year mission in Damascus, where he struggles to relinquish his alias — and a forbidden affair with a married Syrian woman.
A tribute to Sarah Vaughan , one of Newark’s own, will feature Mr. McBride again with another batch of vocalists: Dianne Reeves, Sheila Jordan and Lisa Fischer (Saturday at 7:30 p.m.).
After decades of frustration, researchers have finally figured out how to direct the body’s immune system to recognize and attack tumors, resulting in some striking recoveries for patients on the brink of death.
Helping students recognize and identify these cartographers’ tools will enable them to make more sophisticated analyses.
The officer was acquitted at trial .
But the Syrians and their hosts are facing a new kind of difficulty: volleys of desperate messages from those left behind.
Bits of soft pizzicato plucking in the strings serenely introduce the sitar at one point; sinuous, handsome solos emerge from the orchestra.
Manfred Klein, a shareholder who argued in favor of the motion, said that Mr. Pötsch had a conflict of interest because he was the chief financial officer during the period when the emissions deceit took place.
“I just tried to capture their lives, because nobody knows them.” He had been one of them in London, where he worked briefly after graduate school at a call center selling vacation packages.
“Making Her Mark,” multimedia group show.
Americans will vote for their candidates based on the important issues of today.
There’s a level of risk and resistance here that, with time, they’ll surely find in the rest of the work.
But Democrats have a steep climb.
Zach Pizza ’s lighting is somewhat cinematic and self-conscious, and I wouldn’t have it any other way — the shadows and spotlights he creates are lovely (particularly in a nighttime scene during which Gunner mistakes his son for an old friend) and help foster a ghostly mood.
Likewise, the mussels in the red curry mussels, another appetizer, were surprisingly large and just as surprisingly juicy, but the sauce was so dense it seemed to come straight from a bottle.
And there isn’t a man in the cast.
He does not remember the precise moment, but he knows it was significant all the same.
Baseball’s best team this season had 37 homers, which tied it for 10th in the major leagues.
“You have to guess who it is.
IEX won support — and financial backing — from several large mutual fund companies, which said that the exchange would help them trade more cheaply and efficiently, as well as from hundreds of small investors, many of whom read “Flash Boys” and wrote in to the S.E.C.
We need people who have actually run something, done something and been held accountable for something.” Mr. Rubio, a 44-year-old first-term senator, bypasses talk of résumé and rivals to evoke the threat of a liberal agenda that he warns could send the United States, a beacon of democratic hope and economic innovation, into an irretrievable downward spiral of big-government decay.
He just goes on with what he’s doing.” It is the job of Scharping, Air Time’s trainer, who works for Allen, to prepare and calm the bull at competitions — up to the moment he is released from a chute.
It arrived during the night!” The drunken hero “ponders deeply” but ends by rejecting seasonal joys in favor of continued sleep and stupor.
Acknowledging PTSD has only spurred a wide-ranging debate over the best way to treat it.
The negative publicity surrounding the game was more evidence that, despite its colossal cultural and economic success, the N.F.L.
Some business models are involving workers more but forgoing the co-op route.
“I don’t think that this decision by Maranhão will prevail,” he said, pointing to previous decisions by the nation’s highest court.
He revealed that we, too, had a resentful middle class, indifferent enough to claims of community and fairness that it would elect anyone — anyone — who promised to reduce their taxes.
Here are excerpts from that conversation.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays.
Bank officials have previously warned that collapsing oil prices would lead to higher reserves.
Erdogan announced that he was considering a plan whereby some Syrians would get citizenship.
Prosecutors for the first time this month provided details of the abuse of at least four wrestling team members, one as young as 14, that they said occurred on training tables, in a locker room and in a hotel room.
He was responding to an attack by Marco Rubio, who had made a tactical detour into insult comedy.
“I might get there,” he said.
Dishonesty isn’t shrewd; it’s cowardly.
Mr. Silva, 41, was not accused of criminal wrongdoing in the gun case.
We have an economy today, an economy today that is not creating jobs that pay enough.
When it comes to Phil, you just never know what’s going to be said, what’s coming out.
Opposition groups — including those strongly against Al Qaeda and the Islamic State — widely believe the deal is stacked against them.
And it was far more partisan than those.
Her teammates appreciated her grasp of women’s basketball history, her easygoing playfulness.
Previous chief executives, including Mr. Murphy, have not been based in New York.
Minor Memorial Library, 23 South Street.
Obviously, this isn’t the equivalent of “Theodore Roosevelt reincarnated.” But we’re trying to work with what we have here.
Auriemma arrived home shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday, while Stewart did not arrive on campus until around 2 a.m. Less than nine hours later, she was on the court competing for a chance at her first Olympic appearance.
You exit that long, tight, airless gallery into a huge open space with virtually no ceiling, and you realize you weren’t breathing.
And unlike the record-setting 2014-15 Rockets, this season’s team has gotten a lot closer to the Warriors than the Nets have in terms of accuracy, with a success rate of 37.5 percent, which helps explain the team’s sterling 21-8 record through Tuesday.
Over all, revenue fell 20 percent to £3 billion in the second quarter, and operating expenses were down 6 percent to £3.5 billion, from £3.71 billion in the second quarter of 2015.
Neither Mr. Thomas nor Mr. Washington had identified Mr. Murphy on the night of the shooting, Mr. Brackley said.
Seven players took the court for Connecticut in the 88-86 loss at Stanford back on Nov. 18, 2014.
In 2009 or 2010, Mr. Salim went to Dar es Salaam seeking a license to become a merchant seaman, but he did not pass the test.
Do I look on my Mac or my iPhone?
A rehearsal pianist needs patience and precision; a class pianist relies more on observation, intuition and the ability to draw on a vast range of musical idioms.
As the article correctly noted, it is HopSkipDrive, not HopSkipRide.
There have been transgender officers who transitioned while on the job.
$6 and $7; members and children under 5, free.
He is Matt Acheson; the Paragon Innovation Group made the puppets but did not design them.
Happy as I was to spend time with these dances again, I still must observe that some ingredients of the Taylor experience stay too constant for comfort.
Democrats who rated this quality as most important favored Hillary Clinton over Senator Bernie Sanders by a four-to-one margin.
In March, during a historic trip to Cuba , he awoke to news of deadly terrorist attacks in Brussels .
However, intelligence officials have said that the government was unable to determine which files he took , and that the 1.5 million figure was based on how many files were “touched” by an indexing program that Mr. Snowden used to trawl N.S.A.
“Deferred action does not provide these individuals with any lawful status under the immigration laws,” he said.
My girl is like, “What are you doing?” The one person who seems to get annoyed by your constant Snapchats is your fiancée.
I take full responsibility for saying it.
So far, over 400 of the men have been moved to the George Motchan Detention Center, one of 10 jails at the Rikers complex.
But in his address to Congress, Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave a strong endorsement for such institutions, a sign of India’s growing concerns about China and the conflict in Afghanistan.
The United States Justice Department has proposed that the bank pay $14 billion to settle the case.
That left Mr. Ailes, who at the time was deeply distracted by his removal from Fox and the news media reports surrounding it, discussing his own problems as well as recounting political war stories, according to two people present for the sessions.
As Zika surfaces inside the continental United States new puzzles are arising, including how the virus was transmitted from a man in Utah , who died of the disease, to his adult son, who had cared for him; presumably the virus spread via blood , saliva or urine .
She said she took the action to preserve candidates’ ability to request a recount or file suit challenging an outcome — the deadline for filing would have been Monday — and attributed some of the discrepancies to Maryland’s new system of paper ballots.
All recent South Korean presidents have ended their terms in ignominy, disgraced by scandals that often implicate their children as well.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Banks index is down less than 1 percent over the same period.
That makes doughnuts something of a national treasure as we celebrate National Doughnut Day.
“I have no idea who he is,” Mr. Trump said in a statement emailed by an aide, “but if I held back payment, it was probably because he did a lousy job.”
“Labor market conditions have improved further even as growth in economic activity appears to have slowed,” the Fed concluded, adding that household income, consumer sentiment and the housing sector all looked reasonably healthy.
“Our relationship was wonderful,” Ms. Merced said.
For this coming iPhone, we’re looking for the headphone jack to go away, the introduction of dual lens cameras and, of course, there will be the usual assortment of thinner, lighter and better.
Some antibiotics, most famously penicillin, came from fungi, but soil bacteria were so abundant and so easy to collect that they remained the center of attention.
Hilton confirmed last month that it would spin off hotels into a real estate investment trust, a move that became so popular with companies looking to slim down and recognize the value of real estate holdings that Congress moved to shut it down.
Why and what would you do as president to make sure that doesn’t happen?
The trio had not been heard from since scaling back a 2006 tour that suffered from continuing reverberations from “the incident” : a remark the singer Natalie Maines had made about President George W. Bush a few years earlier.
But he declined to pass judgment on the sad state of the Knicks.
As she reports, research has found that 10 to 20 percent of mental illnesses, including autism, are partly caused by pathogens.
Österreich went with “Europe Laughs at Our Olympic Tourists,” and got personal and pithy with this one: “You Are Embarrassing!” When Day 13 rolled around, all of Austria’s remaining chances resided with three sailing teams.
An archive of Vines will also live.
About mince and quince in Edward Lear’s poem “The Owl and the Pussy-Cat.” I tell her that years before she was born, her father and I had staged a mince tart-off.
Within a decade, he said, between a third and a half of the current employees in finance will lose their jobs to Kensho and other automation software.
It made this point again on Monday when it ruled that people who were sentenced to mandatory life in prison without the possibility of parole as juveniles have the right to seek parole.
Mr. Coates also said he supports Mr. Sanders’s plan to make public colleges and universities tuition free and to lower the interest rates on student debt.
In “Hap and Leonard,” Mr. Williams — once again playing a man of violence who happens to be gay, like Omar Little in “The Wire” — is up to the task, as is Ms. Hendricks, in a role very different from the one she played in “Mad Men.” But Mr. Purefoy, a British actor whose slightly hammy theatricality worked for the literary serial killer in “The Following,” isn’t very convincing as a rough-edged Southern romantic.
The stock market isn’t convinced that the biggest tax inversion merger on the horizon — Pfizer’s pending blockbuster deal with Allergan — will be concluded without major problems.
Two former vegans from Austin, Tex., Taylor Collins and Katie Forrest, started Epic in 2013 with a grass-fed meat and fruit bar.
Would this huge school with 800 kids swallow him whole?
If kicky new songs like “Ivy,” “Nights” and “Self-Control” let you think he was headed toward Stevie Wonder, Prince or even Bill Withers: Oops.
To the Editor: As your editorial says, many economists prefer carbon taxes over cap and trade.
Their decision to engage in a risky two-year negotiation with arguably our most difficult regional adversary has paid off.
Only 36 percent of eligible voters ages 18 to 24 and 58 percent of those 25 to 34 went to the polls, compared with more than 80 percent of eligible voters 55 and older.
As some women painted their hands with henna and others traded frustrations about the time it was taking to get refugee status, Samar, a 35-year-old former employee of the Syrian Finance Ministry, opened up about the particular stress of being a woman on the move.
He graduated from York College of the City University of New York in Jamaica, Queens, and received a master’s in public administration from N.Y.U.
[ New York Post ] • Stan Wawrinka won the United States Open, overwhelming Novak Djokovic in four sets at Flushing Meadows.
Under the Family and Medical Leave Act, enacted in 1993, employers with more than 50 workers must offer 12 weeks of leave within a 12-month period , but it is unpaid.
But there were three picnic tables at the site — evidence of the others who had been there and would be back again.
The extent of the damage here and in places like Lumberton , Fayetteville, Goldsboro and Pinetops sank in like a recurring bad dream on Tuesday after a storm that killed 17 people in the state and left commerce and daily life in some areas grinding to a halt.
Well, I am working quite hard now, though.” He laughed.
Abstract paintings from when I was 3!
Como candidato a la presidencia de México, Enrique Peña Nieto usó el título de su libro “México, la gran esperanza” para explicar qué tipo de nación quería construir.
Another hearing in his case has been scheduled for Thursday, the day of the referendum.
“Also, it’s been 10 years, and in some cases it was right to sell.
He has ignored their pleas and counsel as his poll numbers have dropped , boasting to friends about the size of his crowds and maintaining that he can read surveys better than the professionals.
Everyone has something valuable to share.
He wrote that the high court should have jurisdiction over the intercepts because they involve the country’s sitting president.
Continued crises will risk sucking in the United States again, Mr. Lynch said, adding that no American president was likely to persuade Saudi Arabia or Iran to stay out of regional conflicts that it saw as potentially existential threats.
The Austrian government moved on Tuesday to seize the house where Hitler was born , and it may tear it down, in an effort to demystify a site that has become a magnet for neo-Nazis as well as tourists.
“Man of the World” promised to carry the story forward, to the nearly 16 years since he left office.
“It comes purely from a strategic political calculus,” according to Thad Kousser, a professor of political science at the University of California, San Diego: The federal government has become more progressive over its history in the case of slavery, the New Deal, the civil rights advances from 1957-1965, and the environmental regulations of the 1970s.
But Mallon said he was “99.99 percent sure” that no triplets had ever participated in the same or in separate Olympics.
fighters, in particular those from developing countries, are still developing the skills to compete for major international titles, promoters have found that fans in the Philippines, Singapore, Myanmar and elsewhere are eager to support Asian-American fighters who have embraced their heritage.
But energy independence itself is one of the least useful energy policy goals — and is at times damaging.” Mr. Trump’s speech, which he delivered with the help of teleprompters, drew a large, cheering crowd to the conference, packing an arena here with thousands of people.
They win for “Uptown Funk.”
That there are no more children in war?
The fight over filling the court’s empty seat has turned this term into a weird and prolonged period of transition.
The administration’s decision is a setback for Raytheon, which officials say pushed hard for approval of the sale.
The pumpkin juice is also tasty — refreshing and not overly sweet, it‘s like a nice spiced apple juice.
Surabhi Bharadwaj’s performance of the snake Nataraj and the cosmic energy symbolized by its sinuous shapes was a highlight.
But both of them withdrew from the downsized show this week under dubious circumstances .
Let’s hear from our constructor: Into which category does the theme of this one fall?
Without the card, a pharmacist told him, the prescription-grade gauze needed for his bullet wound would cost $49.
Crescent Avenue Presbyterian Church, 716 Watchung Avenue.
“I’ll take my shot with him, you know?” You kind of have to nod in agreement.
There’s just too much cussing, for starters, and the average age of the 94 percent white membership is 62 (as of 2012).
“I can’t imagine living anywhere else,” said Mr. Bowie, who was born in Brixton in South London and had stints in Berlin; Lausanne, Switzerland; and several other cities, “I’ve lived in New York longer than I’ve lived anywhere else.
Many Americans still use cash by choice or because they have no alternative.
At least two of the attackers are believed to have had roles in both plots.
Elisha Davis led the Sun Devils with 18 points.
But Versace remained seated and sighed.
In better years, such as 2014 when the S.&P.
Tellingly, for all the color and glitz they wore in the images on the walls, every single one of them was wearing black.
And there’s an even more fundamental challenge: It’s one thing to root out corruption; it’s another to create the functioning democratic and civil society that can inoculate a country against the disease.
The settlement, which was smaller than once expected because JPMorgan showed a high degree of cooperation with investigators, followed a painful period for the bank.
She started photographing more serious stories on her own and soon got hired at The San Francisco Examiner.
Let us support a tax on carbon... BLITZER: ... Secretary Clinton... SANDERS: ... Not Secretary Clinton’s position.
The promise of a different Venezuela — one where there is ample food and work that pays enough — led Yudani González to abandon a program to become a preschool teacher in Ciudad Bolívar, the provincial capital, where unemployment is rampant.
But China’s managing of its message does not end there.
The results of the mouse study may not be known for a year or longer, but it builds upon research begun several years ago involving an earlier version of Alcalase-treated peanuts.
The only voice we hear is that of the girl, whose artfully paced ruminations are subliminally echoed by Mel Mercier’s music and sound design, and Sinead Wallace’s lighting, which seems to hold Ms. Duffin in midair above Lian Bell’s abstract country field of a set.
The closing was voluntary, according to an official at the New York Department of Health and Mental Hygiene who declined to be named.
If Mr. Trump delivers on his promise to downgrade America’s traditional alliances in Asia, China will almost certainly capitalize on an American retreat by trying to push the United States aside in a region Beijing considers its natural sphere of influence.
He was a civilian again, and his private physician hoped the sea air would restore his pitiable health.
An Italian exploitation film from 1980, called “Cannibal Holocaust” no less, is the template for Kea Wilson’s funny, canny first novel.
NEW LONDON “Time and Again,” paintings by Michael Peery.
He has a white beard now, but this documentary, written and directed by Victor Kanefsky, is partly a portrait of a young troublemaker.
Citing “gross incompetence,” Pennsylvania has moved to revoke the license of a treatment center for troubled young people and to relocate dozens of residents after a 17-year-old boy died in a confrontation with staff members, according to documents from the state.
At a recent performance of “ Nice Fish ,” a quirky charmer of a play written by Mr. Rylance and Louis Jenkins, the audience greeted every stuttered utterance of Mr. Rylance’s with delighted laughter and murmurs of pleasure, as if sampling the world’s most ravishing tasting menu.
Again and again, by the time I’d reach a cash machine, often after waiting in line for four or five hours, it would have temporarily run out of cash or the network would be down.
A stint as marketing manager at Baume et Mercier in Switzerland followed before he joined Chanel’s burgeoning watch department in 2002.
Think about what that means.
The horror comics will be written by someone more than familiar with tales of suspense: R. L. Stine, the author of the “Goosebumps” novellas for children.
From the road, the trees had looked dense.
Overlooking the bobbing sailboats in the port of La Savina, this is one of the more formal places on the island, with its white tablecloths and elegantly prepared seafood.
This, too, is a distinctive behavior of some cancers that we can now witness using biopsies, CT scans and powerful new techniques like gene sequencing: We can see the cancers morphing from smoldering variants into more aggressive types before our eyes.
They are orchestrating the violence against their own civilians.” The United Nations report came as the world body’s Human Rights Council prepared to take up the South Sudan conflict.
Dominique Renaud SA is based in Renens, employs four workers and was established “as a lab for new ideas,” Mr. Torrigiani said.
All of her players who completed their eligibility at Tennessee also graduated, university officials said.
Like many other great Italian houses — the Fendis, the Ferragamos, the Versaces, the Puccis, the Bulgaris — the Buccellatis have kept the business a family affair.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 11:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sundays 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
But it wasn’t the first time, and surely won’t be the last, that crime statistics for the city and elsewhere are misunderstood and misrepresented.
Just like I said we were gonna win Florida.
Snap has only 150 million active users and is being hyped as going public with a $25 billion valuation at 25 times forecast revenue (Yahoo’s buyout price is only about six times current revenue).
Udrih’s procedure is likely to take place this week.
(Not all of the disenfranchised end up voting for Democrats.)
The result is a beguiling book, and also a very British one — if that isn’t too broad a term for a work drawing on Old English, Norn, Anglo-­Romani, Cornish, Welsh, Gaelic and the Orcadian, Shetlandic and Doric dialects of Scots.
With email leaks, jeering delegates and the chairwoman’s resignation, the Democratic National Convention was chaotic even before the first prime-time speech.
In interviews, three other party insiders close to senior officials and their families said Mr. Xi appeared likely to delay picking a successor.
“Donald Trump is ideologically scattered and malleable.
Evert added: “Making the Finals is another step, another baby step.
Many were attracted to clerical government because, unlike Marxism or liberalism, it was explicitly rooted in Iran’s heritage.
Mrs. Clinton helped make it possible to impose tougher sanctions on Iran, which in turn led to the important nuclear deal now going into effect.
That was around the time Mr. Trump entered the room with his wife, Melania, just as news broke that he had won primary contests in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware and Rhode Island.
This was, of course, a high-pressure opening night.
(Northpointe disputed our analysis .)
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning.
Mr. Trump said that some people believed that he could pick up a single Electoral College vote in the northernmost of the state’s two districts.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Thursday about Melvin R. Laird, President Richard M. Nixon’s first secretary of defense, misstated the maiden name of his mother.
Similar filings have been made in Mexico, Canada and the European Union.
And it’s particularly bad, in Mr. Assange’s view, if those people represent Western democracy: In his simplistic reading, the West is hypocritical because it stands for civil liberties, and all secrets are antithetical to liberty.
GOP debate last week: hand size.” — Andrea Bernstein , senior editor at WNYC “Only our candidates offer the change our country desperately needs, while Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders offer more of the same.” — Reince Priebus, chairman of the Republican National Committee
“But I love being in a situation where you can turn nothing into something.” His wife, Nicole, a former all-American lacrosse player at Temple and an avid football fan, got Burris’s attention one day in the training room.
Here’s what else is happening: WEATHER Prepare for puddles: A sunny day with a high of 43 darkens with clouds overhead this afternoon, and a chance of rain.
Contrary to what Shelley wrote about how great works of potentates vanish into the sands of time, the glory embedded in this chateau’s celestial frescoes and majestic suites has endured — and the small, select club of Versailles architects has admitted a new member.
Have I put myself in harm’s way and didn’t necessarily know the implications of what I’ve been doing?
J.P. Well, sooner or later someone had to realize that traditional minor-mode “Carol of the Bells” could align neatly with the cellos in the “Game of Thrones” theme.
Ms. Pelosi’s pick, Representative Anna G. Eshoo of California, was defeated by Mr. Hoyer’s choice, Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey, stunning Ms. Pelosi.
■ 1A: I had AIR before PRO and sat there for a while, stuck on the corner, until I decided to try another type of Mac.
“But in this porridge, there is no fat,” he added.
The asteroid races around the sun at a speed of about 12.5 miles per second but has an elliptical orbit that never brings it closer than 218 million miles from Earth, The Guardian reported .
Powerful performances keep things from feeling too slick, and if you’re looking for an engrossing, non-fluff show to carry you through until fall, this is a good bet.
As he lifted off, bullets raked the helicopter, hitting the door gunner and piercing the fuel tank.
Mr. Sanders won by almost 10 points among voters who believe that international trade takes jobs away from the United States, and he cut into Hillary Clinton’s lead among black voters — a demographic that in the South had appeared almost inexorably hers.
Quoting a judge in another such case, Judge Berman wrote, “What more compelling case for an order of detention is there than a case in which only an armed guard and the threat of deadly force is sufficient to assure the defendant’s appearance.”
[Tickets from $10] • The New York Times documentary “ Ladies First: Saudi Arabia’s Female Candidates ” premieres at the LeFrak Theater at the American Museum of Natural History.
“The worst feeling in the world was watching my kids get up and leave after they visited me in prison,” he recalled.
The book follows a BBC radio and podcast series of the same title that Khilnani wrote and narrated.
The treatment file also shows that while at Rikers Island, Mr. Avitto claimed to have experienced hallucinations and suicidal feelings, problems he disavowed when he learned that the jail’s mental health unit had no room for him, and he sought instead to transfer into the drug-treatment program.
Vegavis iaai was originally found on Vega Island in Antarctica in 1992 by Argentine researchers.
Afterward, the militants strung up the bodies of their victims from electricity poles around the city — a practice the Islamic State long used to strike fear into those who live in the group’s strongholds.
He and the director, Michole Biancosino, know just how far to let things run off the rails before bringing Mr. Carl back on point by having him deliver some actual Shakespeare, which he does trippingly.
Similar concerns were in the air in 2009, when Mrs. Clinton took office as secretary of state.
“They have been trying to deal with this for several months, and it does not match because there is such a disconnect, and a lack of political will and capabilities,” Mr. Abuza said.
Apart from abortion, election issues included topics such as plans for the main bus terminal and the finances of the meat plant and local ferry company.
Its findings: the number of public posts that mentioned “Hillary” or “Trump” was roughly the same as the number of posts that mentioned “Obama” or “Romney” in 2012.
People say that Christians force their beliefs on others.
What is this?’” She paused.
The perversity of Solness’s mind (and of the strange play he inhabits) is given sensory life by Rob Howell’s set, which suggests a charred-wood blueprint out of nightmares; Hugh Vanstone’s lighting; and a score by Gary Yershon that is the sound of megalomania.
“Our choices are probably going to be pretty limited,” she said.
Mr. Bellow bolted for the driver’s seat, turning the key.
‘‘It’s the willingness to walk the walk.’’ The F.B.I.
That is a hot-button issue, since Mr. Trump has questioned whether the United States would automatically defend its NATO allies if they came under attack.
That being the case, loudmouthed, isolationist trumpery may just be a sideshow, an American exercise in après-moi-le-déluge escapism.
Their 3.42 goals per game tops the N.H.L.
“In essence,” as Goetzmann memorably puts it, “financial technology is a time machine” — a set of ideas and practices that enable us to shift economic value backward and forward through time.
That day, protesters in Tamil Nadu attacked a hotel owned by a Karnataka native, The Press Trust of India reported.
Mr. Petersen noted that ocean freight does not cost much by itself these days — under $10 to ship a flat-screen TV across the Pacific.
To the Editor: Re “ If Trump Tweets It, Is It Always News?
It seemed silly, not a big deal.
Bills in Pennsylvania and Washington target local laws requiring paid leave for employees.
Tempted to dismiss this as some sort of self-help nonsense?
On a road trip through more than 1,500 miles of its stark terrain, it seemed as though Namibia’s blueprint had been carefully conceived but abandoned midthought: dried-out riverbeds left thirsting for water; rolling savannas devoid of vegetation; towering mounds of sandy dunes shifting aimlessly for millenniums, waiting to be sculpted into something permanent.
But it took a long time to find acceptance on the pro tour, and the super tiebreaker remains a sore point.
But every student should be disquieted and forced to wrestle with difficult ideas, even hateful ones, and especially with ideas they find disagreeable.
7 subway line to the Hudson Yards station on the city’s Far West Side cost $2.4 billion.
(Young adult; ages 12 and up) Ever since I wrote a novel about bonobos, I approach books about apes with a sense of great apprehension — dread, really — hoping desperately that I won’t find in its pages an illustration of the kind of love affair many people think we have with apes, but that is actually one-sided.
It is something utterly unfamiliar, and quite wonderful.
Jackson says that when he looks back at that time, he sees a ‘‘depressed orphan who lost his family to a crazy religion and consoled himself almost exclusively with books.’’ This loneliness was compounded by his feeling that he wasn’t a true native of either of the worlds he inhabited.
So this month, Mr. Bongo brought in electric fencing experts from Kenya to string wires to protect the crops of Ms. Gnagne’s tiny village, a pilot project that he says could be deployed in other villages inside the forest.
The language is as entertainingly robust as their characters are outsize, even if some of the metaphors don’t land.
In New York last week, about six in 10 Republican primary voters said the campaign had divided the party.
The U.S. acknowledged its second friendly fire case in days.
“We delivered a message that is more powerful than anyone else’s,” Mr. Devine said, boasting that Mr. Sanders performed well despite having essentially zero establishment support.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence appeared for the first time in public together since Mr. Pence was named as Mr. Trump’s running mate.
You do not want to alienate your super immediately after moving into your new home.
According to a FanGraphs analysis , his fastball this year is six-tenths of a mile per hour faster than it was in his last year in Baltimore.
To extricate herself from the Rosses’ Svengali-like clutches, she married Harry Falk, an assistant director on “The Patty Duke Show,” when she was still a teenager; the marriage ended in divorce.
According to the data provider comScore, Mic had about 19 million unique visitors in January, compared with 79.7 million for BuzzFeed , with five other competitors falling in between.
북한의 지도자 김 씨 일가의 초상화를 그리는 일도 오직 만수대 창작사 소속 예술가들에게만 허락된 것으로 알려졌다.
Ms. Montgomery’s euphoric reaction at the moment of revelation is akin to that of someone winning a Publishers Clearing House Sweepstakes, but without any mention of money.
The far more important issue, he said, is “that this is a Europe that people are feeling increasingly estranged from and that it is our duty that we take action.”
Our reporter followed an exodus of gerbils, mice, corn snakes, turtles, rabbits, guinea pigs, geckos, and frogs — not to mention Lucy the chinchilla, above — in New York City alone.
Mr. Tusk also echoed comments by other leaders that legally, there is nothing for the European Union to consider until Britain invokes Article 50, the mechanism for a country to withdraw from the bloc.
As he waited for the proceedings to begin, Mr. Chun held his head in his hands, and rubbed a black-banded watch on his wrist.
After the Ceausescus were toppled — and executed by a firing squad on Dec. 25, 1989, in the bloodiest of the revolutions that tore down the Iron Curtain in Eastern Europe — the state news agency excoriated the “ extraordinary luxury ” of their home.
Of the 194 most popular vehicle models already on the market, 17 come with automatic braking as standard equipment.
COST $1,537 a month in maintenance BROKER Citi Habitats ____ 44-27 Purves Street, #12F , Long Island City 11 WEEKS on the market $599,999 list price 0% BELOW list price SIZE Studio DETAILS An eight-year-old condo with hardwood floors, central air-conditioning and a balcony, with 525 square feet, including a kitchen with a built-in wine rack.
More information can be found at www.vineyardtheatre.org .
Maharaj’s Islanders contract was not renewed after the 2012 N.H.L.
Pressed by reporters after Mr. Trump’s “profiling” comment, a senior Israeli minister refused to discuss American politics but defended profiling as effective in limited circumstances, according to Reuters .
You didn’t even need to see the boxes they checked on their ballots to know where they were coming from.
“There is not a country in the world that would find 170 billion barrels of oil and leave it in the ground,” he said .
Right now, servers are put in racks so they can be maintained by humans.
A Guantánamo Bay detainee whose memoir recounting abuse by American interrogators became a best-seller last year has been recommended for transfer out of the wartime prison, the military disclosed on Wednesday.
As they supply foreign currency and demand dollars in the markets for currency exchange, they cause the dollar to appreciate.
The world’s most-used natural resource (apart from water and air) is sand — and it’s disappearing .
A long-awaited report on Britain’s role in the Iraq war was published on Wednesday.
It is only natural that at some point they would want to find time to unwind by playing competitive basketball games of their own.
Keep in mind that not every destination is suited to every kind of activity.
Their overriding point was that he was not fit to become our next president.
The officer ordered Mr. Horton to leave it, he refused and they got into a shouting match and bumped shoulders, according to the report.
Can that come later when the autonomous vehicles are out there?
Except for Venezuela and Brazil, Latin American countries are not facing imminent economic collapse.
She also broadened the issue beyond so-called birtherism, which she called a “racist lie,” and accused Mr. Trump of having “a long record of engaging in racist behavior.” She singled out his family’s real estate company for being sued by the Justice Department in 1973 for racial discrimination.
“One of the things about this team is that we’re never out of a game,” Jonzzon said.
PRINCETON Organ recital by Kristiaan Seynhave with works for organ by Franck and Widor, presented by the Princeton Festival.
And Mr. Kasich took more than a quarter of suburban voters, who made up more than 70 percent of Michigan’s Republican primary voters.
“We are only allowed to view the stone through 10 times magnification, and we are not allowed to polish a window into the rough to clearly see inside, or use any specialist equipment,” he said.
When asked about the United States, Mr. Castro replied, “You can be sure we have no animosity toward the United States and the American people.” Articles include an exclusive Times interview with the young guerrilla leader in 1957 and coverage of the revolution, the Bay of Pigs invasion and the 1962 missile crisis.
It follows the exploits of Angus MacGyver, a clandestine operative who battles malfeasance by jury-rigging solutions to dire problems.
“Most of the time it’s just to check the building, make sure nothing’s going on,” he said.
Snapchat’s constraints — the 10-second limit to individual segments, the 24-hour existence of stories, the inability to edit — were a bracing mental challenge.
She appeared to say that action on the law was uncertain.
There were mass protests in Phnom Penh for several months, until a deadly crackdown .
Mr. Fryer also explored racial differences in force from the viewpoint of civilians, using data from a nationally representative survey conducted by the federal government.
Doted on his mother and younger siblings.
When I was a child, we were taught only good things about white people: mzungus are always on time, mzungus always treat people fairly, mzungus are to be trusted.
The friend’s interest in going waned as the time came closer because she was nursing a hangover, but Ms. Schweitzer insisted.
There were no preconditions set on the portraits.
The appointments in ready-to-wear argue against the rumor, suggested after Mr. Andrew became the first named shoe designer at Ferragamo since its founder, that Mr. Poletto wanted to play down ready-to-wear in favor of shoes, which he called the brand’s “core business.” During the first nine months of 2016 , shoes were responsible for 43.2 percent of the company’s total revenue of 1.01 billion euros, or about $1.08 billion (ready-to-wear accounted for 6.2 percent).
“Growing up, I didn’t realize it wasn’t normal to have your dad leaving for work at 11 p.m.,” recalled the younger of their two sons, Peter Nguyen, 33.
At Jules Stein’s funeral, we learn, his longtime secretary, not invited by his widow, watched from up in a tree.
But with the contest close in many battleground states, that effort is taking on added urgency.
It viewed itself as immune to the pathologies of democracy: Crowds can go crazy in any other place in the world, but not in America, the land of common sense.
Mr. Robbins said that if fans’ reviews of “Batman v Superman” match those of critics, the Snyders’ control over the franchise could be jeopardized.
Designers are no longer exempt from that question.
A partial solution is indeed possible and pragmatic: Raise the level of wages subject to the Social Security tax; $118,500 is a small cutoff in this high-income country when so many are averaging above this old maximum.
“I’m with her, I am fired up, and I cannot wait to get out there to campaign for Hillary,” Mr. Obama said in the video.
One contributor to the successes in Washington is the growth of villages like the one Ms. Baron joined for $500 a year.
But he can do more.
While Mr. Rahami has spoken briefly about his contact with the F.B.I., the interviews this week provided his most detailed public account so far.
Earlier, a superbly suspenseful duet for Ms. Jones and Mr. Lozano shows amazing variety of vocabulary and spatial focus.
We all love you.” Ms. Harper faces charges of home invasion robbery, false imprisonment and grand theft auto, said State Attorney William Eddins.
One recent submission showed two officers fighting.
Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, an outspoken critic of Mr. Trump who plans to skip the convention, said more bluntly that the party should be prepared to break with Mr. Trump and the voters who have cheered his pledges to deport millions of undocumented immigrants and ban Muslims from entering the country.
Islanders thunder over Lightning , 5-2.
And it was perfect, until the first weekend I was there.
Dogs would leap to us at a whistle and throw their bodies in front of anyone who meant us harm.
New hardware with the potential to broaden VR’s appeal beyond its core of true believers is coming this fall.
That could end this weekend now that the Socialist Party has finally agreed to let Mariano Rajoy, head of the conservative Popular Party, be formally named prime minister.
One is destined to soar into the firmament of the year’s must reads, to win accolades and well-deserved prizes, and to set a new standard for lyrical science writing.
As we look though Clark’s notebooks I ask her what she is reading.
The Times examination focused on adult diversion programs run by prosecutors, as opposed to drug courts or mental health courts where a judge is in charge.
And in 2009, Mr. Obama’s inauguration was the first transfer of power in the post-9/11 era — and the first in which an African-American was taking the oath of office.
John McCain and Mitt Romney erased Barack Obama’s leads in 2008 and 2012 after they secured their party’s nomination; Mr. Obama reclaimed a clear lead in 2008 after he clinched the Democratic nomination.
By the time Elliot takes up his cyber-sword once more, agreeing to help his shady pal Ray with a website migration in order to contact his sister and hack the F.B.I.
Researchers have also learned more about the origins of the potatoes on your plate.
The website Gawker claimed credit for creating the parody account about Il Duce (which translates to “the leader” in Italian.)
“Lance,” a preview of which will be shown this weekend at Dancers’ Workshop in Wyoming, tells the story of drug use and the sex trade in the 1980s.
In Lynch’s telling, the Middle East is a region where local forces dominate, interbreed and fester.
I said that is a strong, powerful government that put it down with strength.
She gave out a wheeze of pleasure.
(Ms. Rao is our newest reporter here at Recipe Central.
The colorful vials, pictured above, are filled with the little dots grown in a lab at Lehigh through this cost-effective method.
What is needed is a strategy that transcends humanitarian aid to include sustainability in Syria’s neighboring countries, like Jordan.
Because these new leaders are defying the left, it is tempting to call them right-wing.
NEW YORK COSMOS Rich history; poor cash flow.
But Mrs. Clinton’s assertion was correct: Audio unearthed by BuzzFeed revealed Mr. Trump, speaking in an interview with Howard Stern, voiced his support during the lead-up to the war.
I’m really happy where I am right now with the role I have, the way we’re building something here and how the team is playing.
“They knew how hard I worked.” Mr. Singh had just delivered a chicken sandwich at a hotel near Kennedy Airport.
“We believe that it had an impact on the decision by WADA to move Mildronate from the monitoring list to the prohibited list.” Other studies have since underscored more dramatically the drug’s widespread use in certain communities.
and Mr. Pendleton after he was arrested in 2014 for walking in a public park, according to a copy of the settlement provided by Mr. Bissonnette.
Her schedule culminates on Monday in what may be the biggest event of her campaign since the convention: an election-eve rally in the city with her husband, Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle.
This is the first major Picasso portrait exhibition since the 1996 show at MoMA.
It gives more of a feeling of reality.
Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results.
The shop’s long hours — open seven days a week and closed only on Thanksgiving and Christmas — will continue as long as she is alive, she said.
Negative interests also cut into bank profits and make savers more fearful and less likely to spend.
Oromos and Amharas are not natural allies.
In those moments, we were not just patient and therapist, but two men who had lived through unspeakable times.
The team did not disclose the nature of Bowles’s issue but did not rule out the possibility that he would coach the team.
A Perfect Match In the early 1990s, the McKathans found their soul mate in a California-based trainer named Bob Baffert, who was trying to transition from quarter horses to thoroughbreds the way their father had decades ago.
But only in May did Takata admit that its airbags were, in fact, defective, prompting more nationwide recalls.
All roads leading to Mr. Khan’s residence in Bani Gala, a suburb of Islamabad, have been barricaded, and heavy contingents of police and paramilitary troops have surrounded his luxurious home, which sits on a hill overlooking the capital.
Unsurprisingly, he was let go shortly thereafter, and told it was due to a staff reduction.
On Monday, Mayor Rahm Emanuel highlighted those roots as he named Mr. Johnson the new leader of the Police Department — at least for the moment — discarding all the applicants the mayor’s own police board had recommended he consider.
Although Mr. Moore never managed in “Roger & Me” to reach his goal of getting Mr. Smith to visit Flint, Mich., Mr. Ruffin was somewhat more successful.
In an email to a Trump aide on June 5, Mr. Popick said the girls took the criticism and lack of acknowledgment from the Trump campaign to heart, and that one of the girls was bullied because of the video.
Immigrants, she said, needed to use legal channels or stay out.
And he said that people should not condemn the protests, vigils and other public responses to shootings as a form of political correctness.
It’s not clear what security forces were preparing for Friday ahead of noon prayers, but travel within Manama was nearly impossible.
Bankers who have held talks with government ministers have told The Financial Times that they believe Theresa May, the prime minister, will take Britain out of the single market.
By Tuesday morning, Fox Searchlight had won a bidding war for the distribution rights by offering an astounding $17.5 million — a Sundance record.
When we can better name what’s happening, we can begin to change the narrative.
The Democratic caucuses put Mrs. Clinton, who had enjoyed double-digit leads in the state, neck and neck with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, with neither candidate officially declaring victory.
Feet per line are a measure of meter in formal poetry.
He was ever the welcoming host, eager to persuade visitors of his generosity of purpose.
At 36, Ms. Miranda acts as a den mother of sorts for the clutch of young dancers who flock to the Basement of NoHo , her studio in North Hollywood, a grittier neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley that has become an unofficial dance hub.
If you avoid this mess and keep your bets to the pass line, it’s the best value proposition in the house; you won’t find better odds.
More formal test groups were assembled later.
But a film adaptation has proved more elusive: talks swirled over the last decade involving various studios and leading men, including Russell Crowe and Javier Bardem.
Mr. Todd pushed both candidates to see if they would acknowledge that they might not get everything done.
On Thursday and Friday, you’ll find pretty bits like a Cienne hand-woven scarf ($85), an AUrate New York choker with black onyx cabochons ($200) and a Von Holzhausen leather bucket bag ($650) at a pop-up hosted by these three direct-to-consumer brands founded by women.
When she asked her son if he would like a new puppy, he nodded his head and began to cry.
“And it’s going to get stronger.” He also seemed to write off the candidacy of Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, referring to “the three of us competing for the delegates that remain.” Mr. Kasich had focused significant attention on Michigan , and his strong showing strengthened his ability to present himself as an alternative to Donald J. Trump.
Her organization represents 62 of the largest research institutions in the United States and Canada.
Once his genetically engineered T-cells were unleashed in his system, Mr. Ludwig’s lungs started to fail, his legs ballooned to twice their size, his blood pressure dropped and he began hallucinating.
Procter & Gamble, for one, wound up having to abandon its reverse Morris Trust plan to unload Pringles a few years ago for a straight sale to a different buyer.
“Therefore we’ve moved away from that to something that is more immersive and interacting and experiential for the fan.” (Of course, the federation also reached out to The New York Times in hopes of publicizing the new crest through a more traditional avenue.)
Thomas Hickey and Alan Quine won games in overtime in the series.
And there was a concurrent vision for the families of the dead long buried there, on Hart Island: a cemetery now run like a prison would become a place to freely mourn.
To Horan, alone in his apartment across the ocean, de Lima would not be a global hero without him.
“Defining what makes a marriage work is like asking one’s interpretation of success,” Mr. Hicks said.
April 24 at 2 p.m. $20 to $35.
I assume that’s partially what some of the practices you do accomplish.
She gave him $1,200, according to the complaint.
“Nearly a decade after the financial crisis, some firms continue to experience systemic breakdowns manifested through significant violations due to poor cultures of compliance,” said Richard Ketchum, Finra’s chairman.
Ms. Trump’s well-received speech seemed to signal an end to the night, and delegates soon began drifting out of the arena with more than an hour left to go.
The blocking or deleting of accounts on Twitter is a pointless exercise if Twitter won’t police itself for flagrant violations of its terms of service.
That investigation will be “something that the U.S. government will be monitoring closely in the days ahead,” he said.
He was urged to be humble, and he felt that he had been, in an apology video that his campaign released early Saturday.
If you’ve been following our coverage, you understand the broad strokes.
22 in A minor , its virtuoso passages deftly rendered by both musicians.
He also has solid leads: Though Mr. Lieberher’s character is slightly overinnocent — a straight-A student so sensitive that he weeps at the death of an insect — the actor complements Mr. Owen, whose hangdog charisma serves him well as a man struggling with addiction while he strives to reconnect with his son.
Since it came out, “Views” has sold almost 1.2 million albums in the United States, and songs from it have been streamed 875 million times.
San Antonio earned its 36th straight home victory to open the season, leaving the Spurs a game shy of matching the record set by the Bulls in 1995-96.
The worst is yet to come.
Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, has pledged to raise that amount to 33 percent by 2027.
The name refers to Goan breadsellers: 195 Spring Street (Sullivan Street) .
Many are hoping that the Tesla could transform Americans’ views on electric cars, much the way the iPhone did with mobile technology.
By all accounts, the school is a wonderful place.
This book flipped nearly all of my switches as a reader.
Investors like hedge funds, insurance companies and pension funds were still clamoring to buy pools of these loans just months ago, but this year the marketplace lenders have struggled to convince others that their business models are sound.
In some gated communities near the gas field, half the homes now sit empty, prompting fears of burglaries.
There was something familiar and reassuring to be found in continuing the football season.
“There’s storms, and with every storm, it’s stopped raining at some point,” Rivers told reporters.
Later, a report from Ir Amim, an Israeli human rights group, established that the tragedy resulted from the multiple challenges of living beyond the separation barrier.
Here in Paris, he has done something new by doing something very old.
The Yankees did not forget Ellis.
The unit includes two designated garage parking spaces.
There were other cases and more headlines.
“It was definitely a busted coverage on our end,” Revis said.
A maze of underground passages connects the site to far-flung subway lines, but there are not free transfers.
The younger Campolo had developed a reputation of his own, running successful inner-city missions in Philadelphia and Ohio and traveling widely as a guest preacher.
“I have no concern,” defensive lineman Sheldon Richardson said.
Beware of unspecified additional fees.
As for the Democrats, who hold their South Carolina primary the following Saturday, on Feb. 27, Hillary Clinton holds a commanding lead over Senator Bernie Sanders.
What saves the book is the gorgeous sleight of hand that draws it to a satisfying end, and the way he chooses themes that run deeper than mere sociopolitical commentary: parental duty, friendship, romance, the call of home.
The Timeseum includes an oil portrait of Mr. Raymond.
The Wilpons’ finances were ravaged by the Berard L. Madoff scandal.
You might have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results.
I’m convinced that, with good editors and a little time, I could take 5 percent out of any day’s paper and actually make it better.” The Times said it would save about $10 million a year on newsprint costs by narrowing the web.
The pole suddenly broke, and the man fell hard onto the blacktop.
Beaty said Manziel was one of the best quarterbacks he had seen at remaining unruffled, even after a bad play.
$3 and $5; members and children 5 and under, free.
But what’s wrong with time outs?
Early in his career, he said, he threw his helmet or bat.
In late February, just after Ami Levy first heard her baby’s heartbeat in the doctor’s office, her Zika antibody test results came back negative.
Still nursing wounds from both episodes, but back to work at Travis Air Force Base in California, Sergeant Stone will fly to Washington as one of about two dozen people chosen to be Michelle Obama’s guests because they personify — as the White House put it — “who we are as Americans: inclusive and compassionate, innovative and courageous.” This will be Sergeant Stone’s third trip to Washington since the train attack.
(Soloski) ‘TICK, TICK … BOOM!’ (in previews; opens on Thursday) Jonathan Larson’s onetime solo show has blown up into a multi-actor piece.
Almost from the moment he moved from California to Shaoxing in China’s Zhejiang Province in October 2014, Tsalta Baptiste enjoyed a sense of notoriety.
heads off a showdown before an administrative law judge that was scheduled to begin in April.
It’s his most popular dish.
Which childhood books and authors stick with you most?
Will Mr. Clinton follow in their footsteps or pave his own path as America’s first First Gentleman?
Pete Cordaro, the owner of a vending machine company from Connellsville, Pa., owns a 2013 Model S that does not have Autopilot.
The victims and their lawyers, Eric MacLeish and Carmen L. Durso, said at a news conference Tuesday that they had received at least 40 credible reports of sexual abuse, including rape, that took place from 1974 to 2004.
It’s 2016, and we’re blessed with an embarrassment of ways to securely and conveniently communicate with one another.
The toilet and bidet were in a separate room.
“I know how disappointed everybody is with the way things have happened, what’s occurred this summer,” Collins said Sunday, after a 5-1 victory over the San Diego Padres.
With more free time, I gathered my courage and signed up for a singles event run by a group that held regular mixers.
And the answer is yes.” “I don’t think there is such a thing as a victimless crime, but this was about her personal pain,” says Marie Komisar, the executive director of the National Association of Women Judges, who considers Dr. Karcher both her doctor and friend.
Ramsay has become a major figure in this story , mostly through treachery.
Mr. Noor has been widely reported to have grown rich through his control of lucrative cross-border trade with northern neighbors, including Uzbekistan and Tajikistan, and a new governor could be expected to divert some of those spoils.
Even with life jackets tossed to them, migrants struggled to reach the Astral and other rescue vessels, which later transferred them to Italian Coast Guard ships bound for Italy.
Forests burned, according to God’s will.” That this supposedly canny fellow could be so careless of his own profit is preposterous, but Proulx loses sight of this in her zeal to remind us who the wastrels are.
And I was pretty, and I wasn’t a wallflower.” The Hawaii Kai also assigned her to be a cigarette girl — people smoked in restaurants in those days — and then there were the drinks.
Mr. Butterfield said Slack had particularly helped create more transparency across boundaries inside companies, allowing, for example, marketing teams to see what sales staff are talking about and engineers to eavesdrop on product designers.
Jagr added: “I love that team; they are my favorite.” He also played down the significance of his 700th goal.
The real Benghazi contractors were part of a stealthy organization, the Global Response Staff, which, according to a December 2012 Washington Post article , was created by the C.I.A.
For the year ending Jan. 30, sales fell more than 6 percent, to $21 billion.
I am an Armenian-American, but only at midlife did I understand the draw of this ancient land for me.
The orchestra, which has won attention for tackling major, challenging repertory, comes to Carnegie Hall with two free programs.
After one Chilean scientist suggested that a nutritionist might be needed here, Enrique Nicoman, 59, the cook at Villa Las Estrellas, made it clear that such comments were not welcome.
Are there things you choose not to photograph?
In fact, the real issue is not even about presidential tax returns.
1 on Billboard’s chart this week for a 10th time, with 81,000 copies sold and 8.1 million streams, according to Nielsen.
I talked last week with Dean Baquet, the executive editor, and Matt Purdy, a deputy executive editor, about my findings.
Such pragmatic play can lead to some grumbling, even when the team wins.
chairman because of his talents, his work ethic and his experience,” Mr. Schumer said in a statement.
“And it’s hard getting in and out of there,’’ he said.
will not only solve this problem, but also expand its potential donor base and guest list, London not having the same tradition of private and corporate philanthropy as, say, the United States.
As January goes, so goes the entire market year.
Takaful, a word that comes from“mutual guarantee,” in Arabic, is a form of insurance that puts premiums into a fund belonging to customers, to be paid to those who suffer losses.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Saturday about the British poet Geoffrey Hill misstated the name of the college from which he received a degree in English literature.
Shigeru Miyamoto , the designer of Super Mario Bros. — as well as Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and other landmark games — is frequently called the Walt Disney of video games.
And people say everywhere I go, ‘You seem to be the adult on the stage.’ — Gov.
“There are no regular work hours anymore, or socializing hours, so we wanted to set a platform for whatever you want to do.
Sarah happened into the role — she had never heard of the book, but her brother, who was in a different show in Atlanta, where “Tuck” was being developed, recommended her for an audition.
She and her partner, Angel Caro, 34, a former locksmith, have moved repeatedly and left jobs behind to give him the care he needs.
There were no peregrine falcons , now there are peregrine falcons quite commonly.
The party’s major contributors are starting to become increasingly vocal in their impatience.
“What was the spirit of our age?” she asks.
Mr. Obama’s economic stimulus included provisions to extend those tax credits, and it made the money available for wind and solar projects as cash grants.
The State Department issued a statement declaring that the reports were untrue.
What were some of the early challenges of being a manager of the festival organization?
Online life took this to a whole new level, with Google-type ad targeting that is as personal as an individual’s search and shopping choices.
If you are with your family, she suggests either settling receipts at the end of the trip according to the size of each family or taking turns covering expenses.
“Apple is saying, we want to pay one low price and not have to deal with any of your patents again,” Clem Roberts, an intellectual property lawyer at Durie Tangri in San Francisco, said.
“ The Last Alaskans ” ( Watch on Hulu ) Watch if you like thrilling landscapes.
Mr. Davis signed an agreement that he would keep the plans confidential but he told Mr. Walters nonetheless, authorities said.
Aware of the definite lift that the crowd at Nassau Coliseum had provided during taut opening-round series against Pittsburgh in 2013 and Washington in 2015, Okposo played down comparisons.
At 8 p.m., the Bell House, 149 Seventh Street at Second Avenue, Park Slope, Brooklyn, 718-643-6510, thebellhouseny.com.
In New Haven, the vast majority of the detectives’ cases are reported days, weeks, months, even years after the fact.
Today dozens of news outlets routinely fact-check the candidates and much else online, but the endeavor has proved largely ineffective against a tide of fakery.
But most often, she is not taken seriously by some men whose interests and knowledge are no greater than hers.
GENOA TOWNSHIP, Ohio — Gov.
Donald J. Trump is holding a double-digit lead in Michigan ahead of the state’s primary election on Tuesday, but there are signs that Gov.
“There is sorrow, there is anger, there is confusion about next steps,” he said.
At that point, the bones and head have done their work, and what’s left is tender flesh.
In the end, they chose five individual artists, Zhou Tao, Chia-En Jao, Kan Xuan, Sun Xun and Tsang Kin-Wah; the team Sun Yuan & Peng Yu; and the three-member Yangjiang Group, most of whom will be making their American debuts.
“And just hopes go out to all those who were shot that they can recover.”
“Over the last eight years, I thought, how can I pull the two together?” The first result was “ Blind Date ,” an improvised show in which she randomly selected a male theatergoer to be her partner in the title scenario.
Mr. Cameron’s governing Conservative Party is deeply split over the referendum, and the format of pre-referendum television debates has proved controversial.
Mr. Afari was captured last month by a new Special Operations force made up primarily of Delta Force commandos shortly after they arrived in Iraq.
Just as “The Colbert Report” helped introduce audiences to the word “truthiness,” Mr. Colbert used this latest installment to contemplate the condition of “Trumpiness” : “Remember, elections aren’t about what voters think, it’s about what voters feel.
He lost the third and final game, and it was not close.
No way, no how!” Ms. Helbig said, “This is the closest thing we get to being cultured.” When Pedro spelled out “I Love You” on the grill in fried rice, Ms. Hart turned to the reporter as if in confirmation.
The World Anti-Doping Agency, and the international governing body of cycling, the U.C.I., have failed in their oversight of the list of drugs available with a T.U.E.
There are the biblical brush marks of the Georgian minister Howard Finster, which feature on canvases, a clock, a bed frame and a decorative box that even has hand-scrawled instructions for how to change the little light bulb housed inside (“He was very controlling,” Brett explains).
That goes on for three or four weeks, but then at the end, when it’s getting down to who’s going to be the next American idol, they drop the game and vote for the pretty girl who can belt out country-and-western.
You know, I’m okay with that.
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the United States coach, and things began to change.
China announced on Friday that it was banning all commerce in ivory by the end of 2017, a move that would shut down the world’s largest ivory market and could deal a critical blow to the practice of elephant poaching in Africa.
Large companies, especially those that operate around the world, typically employ complex, aggressive and sometimes creative financial techniques to hold taxes to a minimum, often by offloading some of the profits from higher-tax countries to lower-tax ones.
Given the current strains on middle- and working-class families, many Republican voters want a government that will help the little guy; they just don’t want one that is incompetent, corrupt or infused with liberal social values.
( Some preferred the casual Versace slip dress she switched to for the after-party.)
A lawyer for Mr. Lyttleton did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.
“I want to live in a place when I know that my friends, and myself, we did it.
Stung by criticism, the authors of the op-ed issued a statement denying that they had engaged in “false equivalency” — I guess saying that the candidates are acting “similarly” doesn’t mean saying that they are acting similarly.
The WARN Act is a tangential issue in a case pending before the Supreme Court .
Pressure on the two newspapers began to build last fall.
He said the investigation was continuing.
PLEASANTVILLE Gail Lumet Buckley discusses her book “The Black Calhouns,” including a screening of the film “Cabin in the Sky” (1943).
But it is not how grown-ups get stuff in a liberal society.
A beach umbrella behind them, they were relaxing at the beach at Beidaihe, the summer resort not far from Beijing.
Mary-Kathryn Craft, a spokeswoman for the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control, said that early reports indicated “erosion is rather extensive throughout the coast,” and that many state beaches “were already experiencing significant sand deficits and chronic erosion.” The state had been working on replenishment projects.
‘‘We are oathbound to serve them, and this is what I do every day.’’ Raymond saluted, left the building and drove to Queens to meet a friend.
What would you like to see here?
There is no conversation your parents can have now that would allow your mother to work through her feelings about his sexuality.
A hair-thin sensor under Evan’s skin recorded an exact blood sugar reading at five-minute intervals, 24 hours a day.
(My boyfriend was delighted to learn that French puppies say “ouaf.”) It wasn’t the first time I’ve been to Paris, but it was the most special so far.
Still, because the First Amendment protects Facebook, it gets to operate under few external constraints as it helps determine what shows up in users’ streams.
Her parents’ business making specialty athletic socks now comes in fits and bursts, nothing like the steady, profitable Russell contract.
It’s fun to see how the game’s changed in that aspect, too.
The couple began looking for a larger place a year ago.
The time is often passed by drinking beer, the excellent local wine, or a festive mixture of brandy and Coke.)
Vigorous condemnation, followed by promises never to accept the North as a nuclear weapons state, followed by chest-thumping demands for more sanctions.
I followed the other bidders inside and found a seat in the front row.
bloomberg Sign up for the DealBook Newsletter , delivered every morning and afternoon.
It’s not Buick-quiet, but road noise is hushed enough that you can overhear the children commenting on your driving style.
The day of the plumber’s funeral, for example, the town was reachable only by a circuitous route, and soldiers had raided the place the night before, looking for potential attackers.
Businesses tend to shy away from the early stages of a technology because of the high risk involved, Dr. Bell explained, and that gap is generally plugged by European money.
The moves reverse the strategy of his predecessor and Mr. Kirchner’s widow, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
Cragg, 32, and Flanagan, 34, the defending trials champion, who train together in Portland, Ore., broke from the pack halfway through the race and built a commanding lead, oblivious to any competition.
He has also sought guest workers at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach and Trump National golf club and spa in Jupiter, Fla., as well as at his vineyard in Virginia and golf clubs in New Jersey.
Visitors Only athletes and those with specially marked credentials were allowed in the Village.
In Russia, Lenin urged his Bolsheviks to hang rich peasants as an example to others.
Second, the department must recognize that its mission goes beyond the mandate of preventing threats to life and property.
We all come from somewhere, bringing that blended past home.
The voice-over narration (read by the rapper and actor Common) braids apparently disparate threads into a single tale.
(Soloski) ★ ‘WHITE RABBIT, RED RABBIT’ In each Monday performance of “White Rabbit, Red Rabbit,” a new actor will confront the challenge of this engaging, enigmatic solo play (with the audience in a supporting role) by the Iranian writer Nassim Soleimanpour.
Here’s what else is happening: Pack an umbrella, and prepare for an unruly hair day.
Andrew Alpern, New York (He is, most recently, the author of “ The Dakota : A History of the World’s Best-Known Apartment Building.”) I remember the demise of the Barclay’s near twin, the Park Lane, which was on the Park Avenue side of the block.
Besides the “Straight Pride” T-shirt counterprotest, the decision has set off a storm of discussion, sometimes nasty on both sides, on Facebook.
Post pictures of your fried chicken feast on social media, using the hashtag #NYTCooking, and we’ll compare notes.
Mejia, a relief pitcher, missed most of the 2015 season because of two suspensions after he tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Mr. Pandey quit Abbott this year, describing himself as “mentally broken.” Mr. Kumar declined requests for interviews, referring questions to Mr. Kadkol, Abbott India’s public affairs director, who cited the company’s policy not to comment on individual employees.
did not take action on eliminating fighting from the game, but the number of fights has dropped in recent years.
As for Mr. Kang, who was rejected by the Ivies, he says that in the fall, he expects to attend Clark University in Worcester, Mass., an alma mater to judges, business leaders and rocket scientists.
Chief Abele gave no significant update on the condition of any of those injured at his afternoon news conference.
Needless to say, Twitter users were excited.
If Whiteside is unable to progress into being a franchise player, and Chris Bosh is not able to make a full recovery from his blood clotting issues, dark days could be ahead for the three-time champions.
Palme Verte also uses diamonds from mines certified by the Responsible Jewellery Council, a not-for-profit, certification organization based in London.
These entrepreneurs are making big bets on it.
“Finally, I tendered for it and got it, and then realized that we’re not shopkeepers.
Now all four — Luis Cessa, Kirby Yates, Johnny Barbato and Anthony Swarzak — could be on the opening day roster.
He doesn’t like disabled people,” said Jennifer Shanklin-Hawkins, who, like roughly half the Carrier factory workers, is African-American.
Disney-owned Industrial Light & Magic handled the visual effects.
SUMMIT “Tap That Tree.” Learn how to tap trees for the coming maple sugar season.
They would stand a fairly high probability of being thought of that way by strangers, and it’s still true that in our country, alas, you have to be prepared for racism if you don’t ‘‘look white.’’ Also, on the positive side, looking black gets you welcoming looks in places where you won’t get them if you don’t.
The army has come under his intense, unsubtle courtship: He has been going around camps throughout the country, promising to double soldiers’ salaries by the end of the year.
Australians can now read the Communist Party line in monthly inserts placed in leading newspapers by a Chinese government-backed media group.
“I think not to be the guy who’s automatically the left tackle was something new to me.
When the sun rises, he awakens to find that now she’s scared, a stranger to the sun, and so he carries her in his arms while she sleeps until dark.
“Everyone is looking for a free lunch.” This culture will make it difficult, if not impossible, for the government to establish a tax system, as it is trying to do in an attempt to expand revenues beyond oil.
The Joyce program features three New York premieres, including “Solo Bach” (2008), in which Patrick Coker, upbeat and high-spirited, starts out with his back to the audience.
In some respects, this is a striking fact.
Jules Gimbrone, who identifies as gender-fluid and prefers not to use Mr. or Ms., said the space would emphasize “artists supporting artists” by providing studio spaces for artist residencies and also by awarding temporary studio space for Los Angeles-based artists who are struggling to afford the city.
Tell a 6-year-old child he can have either the grape- or apple-flavored candy but not the orange, and orange is suddenly his new favorite flavor.
“There’s no Google-wide effort to remove Palestine or anything like that,” Ms. Davidoff said in an email.
Two songs at the end of the album celebrate triumph over adversity: “Stronger,” driven by an Afro-Caribbean beat, and “Champions,” a bilingual song from the boxing movie “Hands of Stone,” with Usher (who plays Sugar Ray Leonard in the film) joined by Rubén Blades.
He is a politically astute military commander with experience in Iraq and Afghanistan, two conflicts that will immediately confront the new president, as well as a Ph.D. in international relations from Princeton.
Of course, he may get upset, or even try to cause you problems as a result.
And he has a point.
Turning aphoristic, Justice Breyer mused about how people dress to express themselves.
Would he teach them the way he slided tonight?” It remains to be seen how often slides and neighborhood plays will end up under review, which could hamper the effect of pace-of-game changes that M.L.B.
They have also worked with the sports psychologist Michael Gervais.
Thomas Colantuono, a local lawyer who met Mr. Christie when they were both district attorneys back in 2002 and who worked on the campaign’s New Hampshire effort, said Mr. Christie only knew one way forward.
What desperate, humiliating steps would I have to take in order to watch that game?
Along with other elites in both parties, you are glum today.
She always surrounds herself with great friends ... and she incorporates great food and lots of color.
He was near humpback whales, not whale sharks.
According to records Mar-a-Lago submitted to the Labor Department, it had received at least 296 local names for 520 seasonal jobs since 2010.
Related Environment, Society and Economy: Exploring Sustainability
It was only a column in The Daily Mail, but in its way, it told you everything you need to know about politics in Britain these days.
The party presidency remains unfilled.
My parents’ names are on that wall.
“A small angle of just a couple of millimeters can make all the difference.” A frame she designed for the show is built from stainless steel tubing and has an Art Deco inspired paint job of midnight blue metallic with multicolored flourishes.
Joe Duran, founder and chief executive of United Capital, a wealth management firm, said the president-elect’s tax proposals are wholly consistent with his campaign.
“Toni Erdmann,” her third feature, may look like farce — and it does achieve heights of pure, giddy silliness of a kind rarely seen on the big screen these days — but it is driven by a savage satirical energy, a thoroughgoing critique of the way things are.
“We still need to do more of our own research, in time,” said Ms. Sabochick, 32.
The Missouri bill is part of a new batch of measures that explicitly address same-sex marriage and attempt to pre-empt such lawsuits entirely.
“She does very well on television,” he told one interviewer.
They radioed every local missionary asking them to send runners to find out which villages had cases.
“But it was all very strategic: These are the steps that need to be accomplished.” The cancellation of “Pan Am” after just 14 episodes was actually a lucky break, allowing her to take roles in Richard Curtis’s romantic comedy “About Time” and then “The Wolf of Wall Street.” Her formidable performance (and Noo Yawk dialect) in “The Wolf of Wall Street” became her calling card.
That means that where we have “Play by heart?” it doesn’t mean a musical piece memorized, it means that you are to marry DRAMATIC PIECE (“Play”) with CENTER (“heart) to get DRAMATICPIE CE NTER.
Its second record, “Metal Resistance,” entered the Billboard albums chart last month at No.
BRIDGEPORT “James and the Giant Peach,” musical.
As Holey became a popular family hangout, the owners built a pizza oven in the front, hired someone to make gelato and started serving tapas in the evenings.
Mr. Christie, a term-limited governor estranged from his state after spending most of his second term away from it, is looking to extend his relevance.
The researchers observed that the X chromosome of African-Americans has a greater African ancestry than other chromosomes.
That means about a million Americans could be at high risk of sudden death.
“Popular outrage is triggered when there’s a perception that this is being challenged.” Mr. Xi has argued that high levels of inequality in China could shake the party’s hold on power, and his government has sought to ease frustration in poorer areas by investing in education, health care and social services.
She’s a professional.” Rabbi Tamar Grimm, 37, from Mendota Heights, also supported Mrs. Clinton, who won her precinct by fewer than 10 votes.
(English locals call it “East Street” because of the number of Eastern European shops.)
Ron Lowe Nevada City, Calif.
Mr. Einhorn is not the only one to have suffered a blow from SunEdison last year.
“The truth is that the Philippines has the money to modernize our military,” he said.
Early last week, Mrs. Clinton was referring to Mr. Sanders as “my esteemed opponent.” By Sunday, her husband was calling him “hermetically sealed” and accusing him of condoning his supporters’ sexist speech.
It was clear that he hoped I would become a Muslim.
But she also subtly veered into more political and controversial terrain, using a favorite phrase of Richard M. Nixon that has recently been picked up by Donald J. Trump to say it was time for “the silent majority in this country to support law enforcement.” Ms. Anderson, the top prosecutor in the third most-populous county in America, has tried to walk a fine line as a no-nonsense, by-the-book lawyer and someone with a clear conservative political profile who has been an outspoken Republican in a city that has been run by Democrats for decades.
Every discipline now has its career path, so people are far more replaceable because they’re far narrower in what they offer; also, a lot of the processes are being automated, so people are increasingly disposable.
Like the old Provençal houses, the chateau faces south, its back to the Mistral wind.
The paramilitaries seemed to hold sway in the gold-mining town where we spent the night.
And she’s not taking flak from anyone.
Leon E. Panetta, the former defense secretary and C.I.A.
A document reproduced in the exhibition indicates that the peephole was added when rooms, designed as morgues, were retrofitted as gas chambers, at which point the hinges were adjusted so the doors opened out, rather than in, Mr. van Pelt said.
Back then, she says, the path to health was: “You get sick, you hope to get an appointment with your doctor, you get a prescription and it treats your symptoms.
Museum of the Moving Image, 35th Avenue at 37th Street, Astoria, Queens, 718-784-0077, movingimage.us.
I’m here to see nice people and nice horses.
When Daw Aung San Suu Kyi visited the United States in 2012, she was celebrated as Myanmar’s newly free opposition leader, after years of detention under house arrest.
“The Facebook effect isn’t trivial.
SOUTH ORANGE “The Berenstain Bears Live!
Girardi said earlier that he was hopeful that Rodriguez’s return to the lineup would coincide with a return to the form he carried most of last season.
Days earlier, Mr. Smirnov discussed antidoping reform with Mr. Putin and Mr. Mutko at a conference in Russia on physical culture and sports.
career after a miscommunication between Islanders goaltender Jean-Francois Berube and his defensemen.
“We keep working with people knowing that many, if not most of them, are going to continue to use drugs and may continue to commit crimes related to their drug use for some period of time,” says Daugaard.
But it struck me recently that, in a way, I’ve been writing about being gay all along.
Speaking about the premium cable channel’s expensive flop, “Vinyl,” Mr. Bloys said that executives had decided to cancel it after taking a hard look.
has a plan to develop a new family of smaller vehicles that will meet the rapidly changing demands of customers in Latin America and other global growth markets,’’ the company said in a statement.
“We are going to get rid of it in almost every form,” he once pledged.
But which one performs the best?
Preliminary exit poll results show that Republican primary voters in New Hampshire are roughly twice as likely as Democratic primary voters to say that they want their next president to be from outside the political establishment.
“He never hid his sexual preference, but was never explicit about it,” said Chuco Mendoza, 59, a bass guitarist in Mexico City.
On this day only one Syrian woman stood there, with her three young brothers, trying to decide whether to chance the passage.
Ms. Chaffin, who is now raising Makyleigh, said Mr. Kirk did not deserve the same gun rights as her son-in-law.
“If I play defense like that it will be embarrassing,” he said.
They could not have been more different from the jagged cinder-block rubble and delicate, half-destroyed caravansaries of Mr. Hadad’s hometown, Aleppo.
One devotee, Bhavin Chandrakant Kothari, recalled that the guru had once spent 45 minutes counseling him personally.
The mom fared better, but just barely.
Here’s a look at how to follow all the action.
At Thanksgiving, many of us will be subject to — or subjecting our hosts to — a wide range of opinions about the 2016 election.
This infusion of firepower changed the course of the conflict.
THISTLE HILL TAVERN Dale Talde and his partners have been planning to close this spot in Park Slope, Brooklyn, and they’ve finally done it.
“Not at all,” Mr. Collibee said.
Coffee , 228 Mott Street.
Behind us, a man put his feet on the empty seat next to me (for which I had the ticket).
Unable to spell it, however, he adopted the K instead.
The one working elevator arrived.
It’s known as the Washington Irving House, but Mr. Irving never lived there .
While many trial lawyers, including big contributors to Democratic candidates, fiercely opposed those decisions, the Democratic base has shown little interest.
Was Ted Cruz’s father in on the J.F.K.
The governor’s disclosure of $900,000 in contributions from L.L.C.s came after he called for eliminating the so-called L.L.C.
I thought, I really have sunk into that convention; let’s see what this other form does to the work.” The idea came to her last summer, when she made a seven-minute solo for the ballerina Wendy Whelan for the Royal Opera House in London.
A spokeswoman would not discuss the details of those tests, citing privacy, but alcohol was not listed as a contributing factor in his death, only the trauma.
In an interview with LinkedIn in June , Mrs. Clinton suggested she was wrestling with the issue.
At 26, he worked in London for a year, assisting European hair greats like Odile Gilbert and Julien d’Ys, and taking on clients like Sienna Miller and Maggie Q.
“By putting added sugars on the label, it creates incentives for industry to make healthier products, because they don’t want to look bad with all of that sugar on the label.” Michael F. Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, said he believed the new line for added sugars would help change behavior.
Mr. Ackman won a proxy battle for control of Canadian Pacific in 2012 and installed Mr. Harrison as chief executive.
“They’re now succumbing before they receive the care and treatment that could avert those diseases.” The agency counted 19,659 deaths caused by hepatitis C in 2014, a record.
Turkey responded by recalling its ambassador to Berlin and refusing to allow German lawmakers to visit members of the German military serving in a NATO-led mission at the Incirlik Air Base in Turkey.
That is why she didn’t turn to him for biological help when she wanted to become a mother.
While General Motors, Ford Motor and others held lavish news conferences, Volvo showed off a new sedan, the S90, and won recognition for its flagship sport utility vehicle, the XC90, as the best truck introduced in 2015.
None is more invested than the United States, which supplies more than a quarter of the United Nations peacekeeping budget, an expenditure that Washington, perennial congressional grumbling notwithstanding, has generally considered well spent: It allows the United States to outsource many overseas military missions it would otherwise feel pressure to undertake itself.
He wrested the lucrative right of exporting coal to China from the military and gave it to his administrative department.
While the way people die has changed, the arguments made against assisted suicide have not.
It was only years later that I had thoughts of moving back.
“Stop, start again, be surprising,” says Marina Davila-Ross, a professor at Britain’s University of Portsmouth who studies laughter and play.
He also asks customers to sample his creations, and he was pouring a cream ale the evening that Mr. Smolka stopped by.
Adding a world-class infrastructure system is a key component in that growth.” Jonathan Bowles, the executive director of the Center for an Urban Future , a nonprofit that has called attention to the city’s aging infrastructure, said the de Blasio administration’s emphasis on infrastructure was refreshing and important because city investments in infrastructure had largely failed to keep up with the development and population growth in many neighborhoods, especially outside of Manhattan.
In March, officials said they had foiled a major Islamic State plot to strike civilian and military targets.
“In some cases, it’s no longer an oasis.” On a single weekday in May last year, 54,000 people — more than enough to fill Yankee Stadium — visited Washington Square Park.
The funding, which recently closed, values Lyft at $4.5 billion, not including the new capital.
But everyone at the party — old and young, white and black, rural and urban, locals and carpetbaggers — was still mingling.
The police, he said, were confident there was no longer a threat to public safety.
In 2006, Mr. Patchen and his brother, Alex, made a menorah out of wood and artificial pine garland, decorated it with ornaments and lights, and surprised her with it.
Everybody’s thinking about Tuesday, Nov. 8.
What do you want to see here?
His teammates have noticed that his talent as an orator has improved since his freshman year, when he came in as a more reserved, lead-by-example kind of guy.
Otherwise, they get nervous.” And that, in a nutshell, describes the excruciating awkwardness of their romantic lives.
(How well does any parent?)
Mr. Kim has accelerated North Korea’s pursuit of nuclear warheads and the ballistic missiles capable of delivering them.
“I’m a Democrat.” Mr. Sanders left Harlem for a short ride to the West Side of Manhattan, where he made a live two-segment appearance on ABC’s “The View.” Jeb Bush is setting his sights on Donald J. Trump and Gov.
I really hope that you don’t see yoga on this stage.
The club secretary, Denis O’Flaherty, said Mr. O’Driscoll had been a highly committed and “very talented player.” He also said fellow members were astonished at news of the killing, describing it as “more like something that would happen in Dublin.” Others expressed similar shock.
“She’s dying, she’s the last in the direct line, and the arms have faded,” Ms. Wolfe said.
Less than two years later, Whiteside is one of the game’s most dominant centers — and one of the highest-paid players in Miami franchise history.
(Smith) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Wordplay: Matthias Buchinger’s Drawings From the Collection of Ricky Jay’ (through April 11) A draftsman, calligrapher, magician and musician, Matthias Buchinger (1674–1739) traveled all over Northern Europe to entertain kings and aristocrats as well as hoi polloi with feats of physical dexterity.
So my turn is based on just generating 94, 95 miles an hour without having to use all arm, which can lead to fatigue.
They also used statements made by a police officer responding to a 911 call that footsteps of an intruder could be heard inside Garrett’s apartment, even as Mr. Hillary was at an assistant’s house around the corner, according to a defense witness.
By August 2015, when Mrs. Clinton agreed to publicly apologize for exclusively using a private server, her lawyer, David Kendall of Williams & Connolly, vetted Mrs. Clinton’s belabored statement of remorse.
We have people that are political hacks negotiating our trade deals.
Two years ago on this date, this Staten Island rock band bade farewell to the Brooklyn D.I.Y.
The Lightning Community Hero program has achieved multiple goals by helping the team help the community and getting fans involved in the process.
Over cafe con leche, we discussed the situation Little Havana is currently facing.
“Republicans have resisted pushing this issue because they fear that it will generate turnout among African-Americans,” he said.
Mr. Rubio also attacked Mr. Bush for his lack of foreign policy experience.
Brian Hanlon, a federation member who regularly attends Board of Supervisors meetings with Ms. Trauss, has a day job doing administrative work for the United States Forest Service.
“There has been trafficking of influence,” Paola Valdivieso, a radio journalist, said in an interview shortly after she had challenged Mr. Morales’s version of events on air.
The long run — the marathon view, if you will — made the struggle worth it.
Outpost in the Burbs, 67 Church Street.
Any belief, no matter the consequences to third parties who don’t share the belief?
“He was a valued football player, but I had earned my right to be here, too.” The man, who did not reply to repeated requests for comment, remains enrolled at Stanford and is expected to be a member of the team for its game against North Carolina in the Sun Bowl on Friday.
Asdrubal Cabrera scored the winner when Brewers shortstop Jonathan Villar, with the bases loaded and one out, dropped Matt Reynolds’s liner.
More recently, however, the army was seen as regaining some of its clout because it was steering clear of politics and managing a brutal war against Kurdish separatists.
WATERBURY “Kitchen” and “Eat,” films by Andy Warhol.
But those discouraging studies involved weight loss.
The proposed project has met with some opposition from a small but vocal minority in the community.
The Justice Department did not agree, and for years did not confer with the Henriquezes about major case decisions or keep them apprised of proceedings.
Everyone I met – the club members and officers, all men, and the class of students, all women – was civil and kind, and our conversations were constructive.
Behind a facade of middle-class normalcy, an Argentine family, enabled by the military dictatorship of the 1980s, goes into the business of kidnapping, torture and murder.
On Thursday, in a stunning upset, voters decided that 22 years had been plenty.
(Neil Genzlinger) ‘Anomalisa’ (R, 1:30) Directed by Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson, this sad, stirringly painful stop-motion puppet whatsit centers on a floundering soul (voiced by David Thewlis) who, while on a business trip, has an affair with a stranger (Jennifer Jason Leigh).
“It worked because the husband didn’t have a sexual relationship with the boyfriend.” In this polyamorous situation, and others she has seen succeed, the partners who are not sexually involved are the glue that kept the group together.
“In the 1980s, the banks were a prime driver for a solution.” That demand for financial certainty led to the Joint Declaration and the legal framework, known as the Basic Law, that Britain and China agreed to for post-handover Hong Kong, which described the city’s rights for 50 years after 1997.
They closed the thick wooden windows and sat on the floor.
For a much more dynamic take on Olympic news, check out the NBC Olympics app, which is free on iOS and Android .
Watson, who last made the 36-hole cut in 2010, added, “I didn’t want to take up another spot and shoot scores and just not even sniff making the cut.” PALMER TO JOIN CEREMONIAL STARTERS Arnold Palmer, 86, will accompany the other ceremonial starters, Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player, to the first tee Thursday, though he is not expected to hit a shot.
Bayless’s “First Take” finale will be the day after the N.B.A.
In the Bronx in the ’60s, the Italian and black populations didn’t mix much.
HERBERT H. FELDMAN White Plains To the Editor: Three priorities for the next president: 1.
The request for funding from the European Union also included the restoration of 15th-century frescoes in a local convent and the recovery of the walking paths that link Praiano to the “Path of the Gods,” a spectacular if physically challenging footpath high along the coast from the town of Agerola to Praiano.
The big advantage of the cash prize is flexibility, but let’s not underrate the value of the annuity’s inflexibility .
Sometime soon, there’ll be another woman presidential nominee.
“Unfortunately, it appears that the Republican leader and his colleagues have no intention of filling this important vacancy.” “In recent years, the Republican leader and Republican senators have done everything possible to grind the will of government to a halt,” he continued.
But Democratic House candidates won only 28 percent of the state’s seats.
In his company, the viewer is given a tour of horror that is unnerving both for its harshness and for the sense of slick, self-congratulatory artifice that lurks around the edges of the frame.
“I was surprised and really impressed to see a young girl doing those kinds of tricks.” Now, Marques is also one of the best slackliners in Brazil and competes alongside Petrucci.
The homicide clearance rate for Las Vegas remains a point of satisfaction for investigators even as they are swamped with cases.
I’ve been so lucky, with incredible mentors along the way, that now I need to be that for someone else.
Among them are the Graduate Madison in Madison, Wis., where the chandeliers are made from canoes and oars, and the Graduate Athens in Georgia, which hosts a music club that pays homage to the local music scene (groups including R.E.M.
He continued to contribute articles to the newspaper from Texas, including coverage of Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan’s shooting rampage that killed 13 people and wounded 32 others at Fort Hood, Tex., in 2009.
If she has no questions you do not give her the answers to the questions she has not asked.
Pfizer needs a Plan C. Two years ago, the pharmaceutical giant tried — and failed — to take over the British rival AstraZeneca in a bid to become the world’s largest drug company and lower its tax bill in the process.
The couple met at Amherst College, from which they both graduated, the bride summa cum laude.
Twenty-first-century minor league team names include the Tri-City Dust Devils, the Albuquerque Isotopes, the Vermont Lake Monsters, the Richmond Flying Squirrels, the Akron RubberDucks and the Hartford Yard Goats .
Casting often ends up being a year-round process for shows, according to Ms. Ananna — 42, and originally from Paris — as agencies continually send new girls for consideration, usually scouted straight from the streets of their hometowns.
The European leaders will press for something that would almost certainly not be on the agenda if Britain were still at the table: joint military headquarters.
The author is a professor of psychology at the University of Washington.
The concentration is exclusively on heterosexual desire, and even more specifically on what makes men attractive to women, although there is at least one passage devoted to the reverse.
Mr. Clayton said he and his wife had approved strongly of Mr. O’Malley’s liberal message.
As for education, he added, “one of the most wonderful and educational lessons in biodiversity I’ve ever seen was a snail exhibit at the Detroit Zoo.” Peter Singer, a bioethicist at Princeton University, said, “Our primary concern ought to be the well-being of gorillas, but zoos are constructed the other way around: The primary concern is that humans can see the gorillas.” No matter their feelings about zoos, primatologists despair at the shocking statistics on wild apes.
“Good Lord, I thought that race was never going to end, but afterwards I felt free,” Ms. Keeling recalled.
• An entry on the hardcover fiction best-seller list last Sunday referred incorrectly to “Aftermath: Life Debt,” by Chuck Wendig.
The New York Times ran four paragraphs on it.
An anonymous computer hacker, Mr. Trump said, “could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds.” “The hair on the back of my neck definitely stood up,” said Ms. Kandel, 37, of West Palm Beach, Fla., who has struggled with eating disorders and now works to raise awareness about the issue.
A bas-relief naked angel adorned the facade.
The notion that we’d co-evolved with parasites for so long that our immune system needed them appealed to Amy’s holistic mind-set.
The dead included many members of prominent tribes from northern Yemen.
Seven teenagers from remote indigenous communities, included Keewaywin, left to attend high school in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
The moment that I keep returning to occurs during a Skype talk when Ms. Akerman shows her reflection in her laptop screen, her face floating over her mother’s like a ghost.
Generally, if nominees have any financial entanglements that could create real or potential conflicts of interest, they work with an ethics compliance employee to come up with a plan to address those conflicts.
(In the end, Pepsi did not win its war with Coke.
One Riverside Park was designed by Goldstein, Hill & West Architects , with interiors by Shamir Shah Design and landscaping by Mathews Nielsen Landscape Architects .
The food and beverage giant Nestlé on Wednesday told the International Association of Athletics Federations, track and field’s governing body, that it had terminated its sponsorship of federation programs over fears that the doping scandal engulfing the I.A.A.F.
This musical version of Alice Walker’s celebrated novel about black women finding their voices — which features Heather Headley and, in a star-making performance, Cynthia Erivo — is a triumph of elemental, emotional storytelling.
The superhero movie “ Doctor Strange ” (Walt Disney Studios) was again No.
In some early portraits, starting when he was around age 23, his fists are clenched.
“Grade A jade can only be waxed with beeswax,” he continued.
Barcelona will host Espanyol knowing that a win combined with an Atlético loss and a draw by Madrid would secure a second straight title.
“ISIL has used them in Iraq and Syria in the past, and we expect them to continue employing these types of weapons.” Colonel Dorrian said that the Islamic State’s ability to use chemical weapons is “rudimentary,” and that American, Iraqi and other allied troops are equipped to deal with the impact of these chemical attacks — typically rockets, mortar shells or artillery shells filled with chemical agents.
Alarming pockets of under- and unemployment, particularly in Europe, became more deeply embedded in the economy’s structure, adding to the headwinds.
(There is a $200 option at tables, and lower prices at lunch, which will start next month.)
If not, who are we sending?” In the early days of the administration, Landler writes, “White House officials on the secretary’s plane were sometimes viewed as spies.” The angriest Obama became with Clinton, Landler says, concerned the Arab Spring and the uprising in Egypt’s Tahrir Square.
Analysts now regard the Northeast market as saturated, with about 30 casinos, racetrack slot parlors and tribal gambling operations between Washington and Maine — and more to come.
It’s not clear whether Bernard sticks around long enough to see Ditmas Park become an “it” neighborhood.
The first time I had to fire someone whom I had specifically hired, I was truly sick to my stomach.
Starwood revealed on Friday that the consortium led by the Anbang Insurance Group had presented the board an all-cash bid worth $78 a share, in contrast to Marriott’s cash-and-stock proposal, worth about $68 a share based on Thursday’s closing price.
of the two-year-old brand BLACKYOTO has dealers in Paris, London and all over the Alpine region of Europe who call when they’ve found something good.
“Lauren has always been determined, and some might say stubborn,” said Brittany Cowing, a close friend since elementary school.
Instead, I carry in my luggage a delicate pile of paper.
“Julia was one of the most pure and lovely things we did together,” said Cynthia.
JENNIFER MONSON Fall at Danspace Project begins with Ms. Monson’s “in tow,” a collaborative venture in which she opens up three years of research for public viewing.
She tried again, and when he failed to even look up, she lost her temper — something she rarely does.
This disappointment is fueling renewed interest in a “public option” that would supplement current offerings.
No one goes to a big game hoping to see a lot of unsportsmanlike conduct.
“The U.S. themselves, they say, these are the best fighters against Daesh,” said Mr. Othman, referring to the People’s Protection Units.
Borrow the rest, split among the family.
Following Yossarian’s grotesque journey out of the war, I find myself frequently confused and challenged by Heller’s sharp, quizzical comments.
The overarching theme of the night, of course, was a lack of black nominees, as Mr. Rock repeatedly lampooned the movie industry in an opening monologue and various sketches throughout the show.
He had a Jesuit education: Brooklyn Prep and then Georgetown University, where he had intended to study English literature but shifted his energies to the theater.
Then Shane comes crashing through the front door, and the boys are being hunted again.
“It moves fast when you’re playing good.
Is it really still important?
But he pronounced himself satisfied.
JPay could potentially charge a fee to create a JPay account to pay the service fee to load a Securus phone account.
Supporters of the project hope that the investment will draw other businesses and developers that might be reluctant to be the first to invest in downtown.
For the last two days, though, all he wanted was just a few hours without rain.
Referring to the “hysterical, skirt-hiking appal-dom” of critics after his 1983 play “The Man Who Had Three Arms” opened (and quickly closed) on Broadway, he said: “You’d have thought it was women seeing mice climb up their legs.” And yet he was among the most honored of American dramatists.
We’ve long known that one of the best ways to learn something is to teach it.
The editors then came up with Yiddish equivalents for the hundreds of new English words spawned as a result of advances in technology and science and shifts in culture since 1968.
Thompson’s idea was based on a converted coal train in Pennsylvania that carried people down a hill as a tourist attraction.
Also on the to-do list is restoring profits, which have been on a downward trend, with a projected loss of 2.5 million euros, or about $2.8 million, in 2015 (the first since 2007).
Among them is the piaffe — the distinctive, high-stepping, bouncing-in-place gait that gives the impression that horse and rider are getting excited about an imminent cup of tea.
None require courses in massage technique; many don’t even offer one.
Wednesday night was his 31st start, but three of those were in American League parks where he did not bat, meaning he is averaging a home run once every 9.3 games.
Rivertown Film, 58 Depew Avenue.
If using 11 cards is too hard, they can try using three, five or seven cards to start, and slowly work their way up; there’s an easy way to pepper successes in as they approach the larger challenge, which is one of the best ways to develop perseverance.
A born-again Christian, who found God in midlife and frequently talked about it.
For the biennial, Humeau partnered with the autonomous systems engineer Mathias Bürki on a pair of lovesick robots, who emit hormones and mating calls through a fog of chemically castrating, anti-love drugs.
At the end of its first season at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, the team will undergo a change at the very top, with Jonathan Ledecky and Scott Malkin replacing Charles Wang as majority owners.
When the first offshore projects were built two decades ago, European nations had to promise the developers extremely high prices for the electricity generated by their turbines, sometimes three or four times the wholesale power price, to get a new industry going.
Mississippi offensive tackle Laremy Tunsil fell down the draft board after a video posted to his Twitter account apparently showed him smoking marijuana.
I had checked her labs, which indicated that her kidneys were starting to fail, and that a bacterium had been identified in her bloodstream – the cause of this maelstrom of ensuing sickness.
Signed as a free agent in March, Watson, 35, was expected to be a key piece in Baltimore’s passing game.
Having forgotten the question that had been asked of him, DeRozan turned to Kyle Lowry, his Toronto Raptors backcourt teammate, for an assist, which was fitting enough.
For the latter role, The New York Times said in 1973, Mr. Weaver was almost unrecognizable, having been transformed from a “thin, fine-drawn, long-fingered” figure into a “robust, burly Macbeth.’’ His theater credits also included the 1979 revival of Arthur Miller’s “The Price”; Lanford Wilson’s “A Tale Told” (1981), part three of a trilogy about a feuding Missouri family, in which he played the clan patriarch with what Frank Rich in The Times called “an often startling mixture of pathetic senility and foxy viciousness”; and Mr. Wilson’s “Angels Fall” (1982).
‘‘I find it a pity.
She edited the images, arranging 30 from each group on a set of shallow shelves hung on the wall.
Jan. 17, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Roadhouse Band, country.
I arrived at noon and was admitted through the security gate.
The bank has $44 billion in loans to the oil and gas sector.
And You, Duke, think on all you have demanded Of me: To trick a most innocent girl Into sleeping with the sociopath You left, for no good reason, well in charge Of your city; to ask forgiveness for That selfsame sociopath, even though He ordered my brother’s head be chopped off And shipped to him by suitcase; Finally, You asked me to stand up in the town square And name myself a whore.
“Some of the water was used to repel some of the protest activities that were occurring, and it was used at a time where they were aggressive towards the officers,” the Morton County sheriff, Kyle Kirchmeier, said at the news conference.
Within two years, Burle Marx was director of parks and gardens in Recife, his mother’s home city.
“He says what people wish they could say,” Mr. Rubio said.
Wait, here’s an idea: The Monday after a wedding or any other big, showy party, the guests get an email: Delighted you could be with us for the Reaffirmation of Our Vows.
I share this Bulgarian story because the debate over the Kremlin’s alleged interference in the United States’ presidential election has revived a Cold War framework for understanding the world.
A half-dozen young men who spoke of being in a subset of the Bloods gang had made it their drug market, slinging marijuana and cocaine to regulars, flashing firearms and blowing smoke into the Fernandez apartment.
Though Mr. Cruz was viewed as the favorite in Texas on the Republican side, his campaign was concerned enough about the outcome to spend precious time campaigning there in recent days when it could have been chasing votes across the Super Tuesday map.
For the last 10 years the Birmingham institute has held an annual joint conference with the Federal Bureau of Investigation — which had a wary relationship with Dr. King in his day — on race, community and law enforcement.
Every state has their own rules.
Undertaking the first Macbeth of his career, Mr. Brück was superb, often singing with quiet intensity but also stressing the character’s volatility with sudden shifts to firm, resonant full voice.
I had no idea there was such a great following for this kind of artwork.” Mr. Beltran’s next goal is a second-story alcove above Mr. Bieder’s shop.
The resulting book — “Patient H. M.: A Story of Memory, Madness, and Family Secrets,” to be published Tuesday — describes a dark era of American medicine through a historical, and deeply personal, lens.
Der Bürgermeister hielt dagegen, dass dieser Zug einem unangenehmeren Ausgang vorgebeugt hatte.
Along the way, we meet the lawyers, angel investors, venture firms and associated institutions – notably the Y Combinator, which plays an outsize role in securing financing from the most prestigious investors – that drive this ecosystem.
EAST HAMPTON “Recess,” Leah Guadagnoli, Cody Gunningham and Heath West.
He said he wanted his family and friends to be able to travel to Ames, Iowa, to watch him play.
Mr. Koch has said that Mr. Trump’s policies do not align with his own, or those of the groups that he and his brother oversee, and that they cannot support him simply because he is the Republican nominee, according to James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners , a nonprofit group that runs the seminars.
The university said it could not discuss specific cases, citing federal privacy laws.
And he offered zero solutions.
And before you know it, the party stands for an incoherent mess of ideas unrelated to any theory of where the world is going or how America actually becomes great again in the 21st century.
The twin-over-full arrangement did not militate against the orgiastic, as my parents had proved, but much more often, it fostered friendship.
According to participants on all sides of the drama, the Culinary Union enlisted the help of the New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council (HTC), an influential lobby in Albany.
(Lilly King is the name of a United States Olympic swimmer.)
You’re going to need it.
— Mike Grynbaum (@grynbaum) November 22, 2016 — Elisabeth Bumiller (@BumillerNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) November 22, 2016 Here’s our story on the cordial 90-minute meeting in the Oval Office.
When a truck they owned broke down, Mr. Bryant signed a contract with a dealership that would allow him to rent a truck, which he would own after a certain number of payments over time.
“Abortion is a politically charged issue in this country, and there is an extra degree of caution,” said the spokeswoman, Abby Long, explaining that research would be needed to support changing the drug’s distribution.
Arturo Cirillo’s brilliant production, with sets in bright primary colors, suits both the fantastical story and Casella’s dazzling score.
Few paid attention to the election results.
The family fled Syria for Jordan in 2013.
He mourned Myranda, tossed to her death by Theon last season, recalling how only she wasn’t afraid of him back when he was a young bastard and she a simple kennel master’s daughter.
This year’s Paris Fashion Week was an unusual one : two major houses, Dior and Lanvin , were without creative directors; rumors swirled about Phoebe Philo’s departure from Céline; a new designer debuted at the storied Balenciaga ; and Hedi Slimane, who many suspect will soon leave Saint Laurent, presented a show entirely different from his past ready-to-wear collections for the label.
It’s the biggest move yet into the mainstream for an activity that started just recently.
Cabrera, the Mets’ shortstop, headed toward the middle but scrambled back in a change of direction to knock down the ball just short of the outfield grass.
Libor is used to price more than $300 trillion in securities.
The result is lighter and cleaner in flavor, but it’s kind of like a rock band recording each instrument in isolation to a click track.
There’s a kind of interior-exterior tension that results in some tertiary quality.
On a bleak-for-Los Angeles morning this month, Kelly Oxford — author, mother, social media activist and provocateur — sat in a coffee shop where she had never been before, tapping away texts to her mom and friends, and talking about her late dog Lou, a toy poodle who was made so popular by her Instagram feed that he has attracted his own press attention .
When you face a guy like Dallas Keuchel, you hope he’s off his game that day and he makes some mistakes and you take advantage.” While several Yankees expressed disappointment about having to wait another day to start their season, the rainout was not entirely unwelcome for all of them.
Ms. Niou would bring the energy, dedication and political independence that Albany and this district sorely need.
“They didn’t think I could do it,” Albers said, still somewhat in shock at his athletic feats.
The Iranian government has come under sharp criticism for not giving imprisoned Americans a fair and public court hearing.
Ms. Mosby’s team has just accused the Police Department of undermining the prosecution.
That night, she … wasn’t.” I remembered, too.
The editors of the Comprehensive English-Yiddish Dictionary are working hard to keep Yiddish up to the moment.
He cautioned against comparisons with other attacks, including the Nov. 13 massacre in Paris, saying identifying people killed in explosions is much more difficult than those killed by gunfire.
British lawyers laze next to the pool as the afternoon sun arcs over the hills, gossiping about recent convictions of Albanian mobsters and future postings to Africa before heading back to Pristina, a 15-minute drive away.
An agronomist, Norman Borlaug, did win a Nobel in 1970 for wheat breeding research that arguably saved more lives than any physics, chemistry or biology prizewinning discovery ever.
“Do not believe any kind of group or individual offering false ‘test help’ and be tricked, and risk suffering a lifetime of regret,” the Ministry of Education warned in a recent statement.
?” Kyle McMahon, a junior who is assistant stage manager on the show, said he auditioned as a saxophone player to get into Murrow three years ago, but wound up finding a skill he didn’t know he had.
It’s the perfect bromance.” Mr. Christie has told audiences variously that it was during a face-to-face meeting or on a phone call that Judge Barry, with the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, in Newark, asked him to meet her brother in 2002.
Bassam Khabieh, a Syrian freelance photographer covering the conflict in his homeland for Reuters, has won the Robert Capa gold medal from the Overseas Press Club .
“Drip, Dribble and Splash,” group show featuring 70 artists exhibiting small works.
Green beat Halak from the point for his third goal of the season and Detroit’s third on eight shots.
The $13.4 billion purchase of its rival Biomet in 2014 is, so far, an example of why not doing deals is often preferable.
“It’s more complicated to relate it to Jackson.
Across party lines, high-ranking current and former government officials view him as lacking the temperament, character, judgment and experience required of a president.
Ms. Vigo left Sicily and eventually got her Ph.D. in mass communications.
And Walker, normally even-keeled, occasionally gives in to fits of rage and frustration when, tired of the effort of simply moving through a day, or being left out at school, he punches walls, rides his bicycle too fast.
And that — the notion of one nation, in parallel universes — is not history, it’s current events.
“Knudson’s hypothesis was conceived before we had a clue about the underlying molecular genetic events,” Dr. de la Chapelle said.
As the other families embraced and cheered and partied, I walked home alone.
A member of the Civilian Joint Task Force, an anti-Boko Haram vigilante association in the area, said that the homes of the group’s members had been attacked in Dalori but that members did not seem to have been singled out.
‘‘But we’ve found that that approach doesn’t actually work.’’ Instead, she said, the aim was to bring the emotional, instinctive parts of the brain (dubbed ‘‘System One’’ by Kahneman) into harmony with the more intellectual, goal-setting parts of the brain (‘‘System Two’’).
“The dimensions are perfect for a left-handed power hitter.
Mr. Miranda recently said on Twitter that Mr. Lew indicated “Ham’s fans” would be happy with the ultimate decision.
En los días posteriores, se levantó un pequeño altar en medio de la plaza, justo en el lugar donde se encontraron los restos calcinados de los hermanos.
His first surviving drawing dates from 1705, when he would have been 31.
The threat of explosives also accounts for the delay of several hours before the building was cleared and bodies removed, “because all indications were that it was booby-trapped,” Mr. Dyer said.
When children get their hands on the goodies they can become lethargic or agitated, vomit and lose balance, triggering a hospital visit or a frightened call to a poison center.
Instead, there was widespread enthusiasm for getting people outdoors by any means possible.
The coach, 64, watched as disbelievingly as the rest of us as Rashford again scored once, twice and created the third goal as Manchester beat Arsenal.
Several films planned for release over the summer will either add to this concern or diminish it, including “ Me Before You ,” a romantic drama from New Line Cinema and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, starring Emilia Clarke of “Game of Thrones”; “ Central Intelligence ,” a Warner Bros. crime comedy, starring Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart; and “ Free State of Jones ,” a Civil War period drama from STX Entertainment, starring Matthew McConaughey.
Smith’s fondness for lists leads to surprising juxtapositions that are a joy to read: “Bole and bunch, dry squeak of old runner carpet, a cracked vase painted blue, a white shirt on a hanger hooked on a bedroom wire, smell of liver frying in the morning.” He heaps images on top of images, conjuring snatches of life until the reader feels as if she’s flipping through a stack of Eudora Welty photos on every page.
The Naumburg Bandshell , a site of free concerts, needs a new facade, stage and upgraded infrastructure.
This type of tissue is called endochondral bone.
My favorite painting is at the Prado in Madrid.
As a parent who found the eugenics of it disturbing, what was I to do?
Cell-free DNA is like a message in a bottle, delivering secrets about what’s happening inside our bodies.
Thursday’s event will be visible from Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Tanzania, Mozambique and Madagascar.
Actually now, according to the The Economist I’m at 53.
Other kinds of Muslim characters are woefully absent across the dial.
Men are more likely to be affected than women.
: Made in America” (Part I, Saturday, 9 p.m., ABC; Parts 2-5, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, 9 p.m., ESPN) Watch if you like best-in-its-class documentary programming.
Dmitri S. Peskov, Mr. Putin’s spokesman, said on Monday after the announcement that some forces would stay behind and that both facilities would remain in operation.
The Afghan Air Force stopped paying her salary shortly after the American training program began, Captain Rahmani said.
“But they don’t possess the technologies that have allowed us to tap into that resource.” The Yao know what to do to subdue bee defenses.
Hivrun’s husband and the older children wanted to try again.
“You have to question whether or not Father Pat was as much of a victim as he said he was,” the retired agent said.
“I don’t want to sound arrogant, but I really think everything is achievable in life,” Djokovic said.
‘FULL FRONTAL WITH SAMANTHA BEE’ (TBS) If we judge political comedy by its results — and god help us if we do — “Full Frontal” has no place here; the “screaming carrot demon” (to use one of Ms. Bee’s more printable insults for Donald J. Trump) won the election anyway.
Tellingly, perhaps, these were served on reused scallop shells.
He had seen the Yohji Yamamoto show before, many times over.
On his website, Trump declares: When politicians talk about “immigration reform” they mean: amnesty, cheap labor and open borders.
Or if we have a dog sitter for Hector, we’ll go to Waverly .
You have to understand this is a politically motivated charge, it’s got nothing to do with the law.
She also designed an installation for the brand’s booth in Basel to give guests an immersive introduction to the collection.
Some analysts, like Euromonitor, predict that cereal will continue its slide, while others, like Packaged Facts, are forecasting a turnaround.
“We have a cavalry who are fully armed,” said David Plouffe, who managed Barack Obama’s campaign in 2008.
“We just need to put everyone in one room, and it would take just a few hours,” he said.
What seems to be a struggle over the narrow issue of Islamic dress is really about what it means to be French.
The money goes to fund a variety of educational groups, such as universities, think tanks, and issue groups, most of which are not required to disclose their donors.
But members of the Recording Academy, the organization that presents the Grammys, did not choose Mr. West — a frequent Grammy critic — in any of the top categories for his own work.
Sundays through Wednesdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. New Britain Museum of American Art, 56 Lexington Street.
“The chemical castration penalty, in our view, will not reduce sexual violence against women, since violence against women is born from the viewpoint of demeaning women, placing women as sexual objects,” said Azriana Rambe, chairwoman of Indonesia’s National Commission on Violence Against Women.
But what about the quintessential internet artifact, cat photos?
To invade the homeland of an enemy that had sworn to fight to the last man, evidenced by its fanatical approach, would have resulted in incalculable losses.
That is because these interests have rigged our political and economic system for their exclusive benefit.
“One of the most important conclusions coming out of the first two states is the only candidate that can beat Donald Trump is me,’’ Mr. Cruz said, after exceeding expectations in New Hampshire, where Republican voters are more moderate than in Iowa or South Carolina.
In a report my office published last month, I outlined several steps the city can take now.
After all the zigs and zags, you more or less know what to expect.
April 10 at 3 p.m. $35 to $45.
But you will need different types of retirement accounts to work with, including a traditional 401(k) or I.R.A.
It was the candidate in characteristic mode: speaking bluntly and breaking the rules of politics and polite society.
On occasion, The New York Times will pose questions from our readers (and some of our own) to notable showrunners.
Dr. Kramer’s bottom line is well summarized by the double meaning of “Ordinarily Well: The Case for Antidepressants” — he argues that antidepressants work just about as well as any other pills commonly used for ailing people, and that the drugs keep people who take them reasonably healthy.
“Their clientele is in our wheelhouse, with household income over $250,000.” Mr. Jett said that Lexus has partnerships with 15 hotels in the United States, including Pebble Beach Resorts, which has 25 sporty Lexus cars, and Aspen, which has mostly sport utility vehicles – all of which any guest can drive.
Donald Ellis Departing from the fair’s prevailing European and American Modernism, Ellis presents a captivating show of Plains Indian Ledger drawings , a genre that flourished from the 1860s to the 1920s.
“The other two governments do not exist.
Mr. Sanders delivered a version of his standard stump speech, with its usual targets: big business, Mrs. Clinton and her big-ticket fundraisers, and trade deals that he said were destroying the nation.
“Names are very important, and not only from an historical perspective,” Ms. Thomas said.
Almost 10 percent of its labor force works in other union countries, and its businesses export freely throughout the bloc.
• A report in the “Arts, Briefly” column on Monday about the coming television series “Ocean Warriors,” on Animal Planet, misidentified the people the Swedish boat captain Peter Hammarstedt is shown chasing.
Already dealt one of the most chaotic election years in history, the news organization has also had to confront a series of prominent departures, including that of one of its co-founders.
• 5A: “Tense talk” anagrams to “Teen’s talk,” which is SLANG.
The debate is important to both campaigns.
“My mother was one of seven girls raised by a disabled father,” he said as he looked out on a horde of gingham shirts, khaki, fine Sunday dresses and derby hats.
runway to a crowd that included Naomi Campbell, Chris Rock, Travis Scott, Foxy Brown and Young Thug.
After rereading the artist’s letters to his brother Theo, she decided to create an eight-minute painted animation based on van Gogh’s work.
The latter had the advantage of being much less fraught.
He enlisted eight of his former students and started “ A Journey Inside ,” a documentary project on social issues in Iran.
Trump returned today to another theme from his Times interview: the need for unpredictability in foreign policy.
Getting dragged into teary midnight phone calls or contentious conversations about whose fault the divorce was makes a difficult situation unbearable.
One wonders about the “most generous human beings on earth” being in that room.
TED LOOS ‘I AM A MAN’ JOURNAL Glenn Ligon; $10.95; papress.com Now in the gift shop of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, this journal is fronted by a powerful 1988 piece by Glenn Ligon.
But having moved in January to a two-bedroom co-op in an Art Deco building on Pelham Parkway in the Bronx, she said, “you feel like you have breathing room.” Ms. Vasiliu, who had lived in the East Village for two decades, added that “there are things that are still here that have been kind of lost in other parts of New York.” Many of her neighbors have spent their whole lives in the area, which makes it feel less transient than other parts of the city, she said.
You could try a trousseau from the Jura or Northern California.
Two days later, South Korea and the United States announced they would deploy an advanced American missile defense system in the South to protect against North Korean missiles.
“We know we are capable of winning any game in rugby, and that puts us in the frame to win trophies.” Wasps are in top form, with 10 wins from its last 11 matches over all, and the team won a very tough pool.
18 Photos View Slide Show › PAULSON I think many folks expected that Ben Whishaw would get a nod for his work in “ The Crucible ,” but he didn’t.
There’s a good chance it will involve some current players — Comcast, Disney and a merged AT&T and Time Warner will all play a role in the entertainment business of tomorrow.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com .
The woman on the floor with the crystal was Meg Harper, who danced for Merce Cunningham and has appeared in Mr. Wilson’s works since 1998.
(The family has since moved to Wayne, N.J.) Baby Bubbles is small, so all the scrubbing these days is done in the store basement by an employee, Jose Nuñez, 29, a father of two from the Bronx who brings his own baby gear to clean on the weekends.
“The Night Manager” does a beautiful job this week of starting to unveil the character’s various dimensions, with a lingerie ad-like opening sequence (is it the drugs that make her put her red lipstick on before her white dress?)
• How much maintenance are you willing to do?
But the chance of having a mutation of unknown significance — 4.6 percent — was the same as the 4.5 percent chance of having a known and risky mutation in the BRCA2 gene.
“It’s not going to be easy for Marco Rubio to do it,” said Representative Peter T. King of New York, who endorsed Mr. Rubio on Tuesday.
Boston beat Chicago in his second game, and Stempniak scored the winning goal in overtime against Florida in his fourth game.
The book also prompted Congress to create what became the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to enforce safety standards and supervise recalls.
Brown, a spokeswoman for the F.A.A., said in a statement, referring to the plane’s tail number.
“It was very emotional; it was sacred,” Mrs. Hookimaw-Witt said.
And recently in The Journal of the American Medical Association, President Obama wrote that more financial assistance for people may be needed.
“If you are not out of my driveway in 30 minutes, I will call the police.
IN BED (Him) I play Words With Friends.
Mr. Skoro initially told Mr. Dratel that he would be receiving a call from an American official, who would refer to Mr. Skoro by a code name, the declaration says.
“It was the first time a Velvet song had been covered by anyone, anywhere in the world.
That number was 7 percent in Spain and France, and 4 percent in Japan.
A 49-year-old Queens woman was killed after being pushed in front of a subway train in Times Square on Monday, the New York Police Department said.
Mark Emanuel, a noted New York gem dealer who has worked with the family for 30 years, said that Eleuteri’s opening on East 69th Street represented the arrival of bella figura, a term used by the Italians to express an extravagant or showy style, whether in clothing, jewelry, cars or lifestyle.
But he also had a certificate indicating that he had completed all of his programs, which Mr. Bostic did not have.
111) and the Six Bagatelles (Op.
The novella, “Lady Susan,” was finally released more than 50 years after her death, but the story never really caught on with devotees of her other, more famous works.
At various points in the 1980s, he sold snowballs on a sidewalk near the Bowery, erected three-story-high basketball hoops in Brooklyn, and made sculptures from hair swept from Harlem barber shop floors.
“After months of not knowing his condition or where he was, I finally received proof of life this year.” She pleaded with the Houthis to release her husband.
Mrs. Conte said the fence was keeping out not only deer but also woodchucks and coyotes.
David Monroe Edwards was born on Dec. 14, 1939, in Abbeville, Ala., to Warren and Millie Edwards.
Who is your favorite fictional hero or heroine?
“Wherever the hell we were,” he said, drawing laughs.
That’s about as simple as I can make it,” said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners.
“It’s nice to have good news that isn’t related to ‘Game of Thrones,’ ” says Mr. Rosenthal who celebrates that this week from the United States census reported that Americans reaped the largest economic gains last year in nearly a generation and that household income rose across the spectrum.
Legislators also proposed efforts to replace national elections officials and Supreme Court judges.
“There must be some things in the world that no one sees and no one knows.”
In our current environment, half of Mr. Trump’s voters can believe the false notion that Mrs. Clinton knew the 2012 Benghazi attacks were set to occur before they happened and chose not to act, as a Fairleigh Dickinson University poll found in the spring.
“You have a choice how you want to remember things at the end of a hole, at the end of a shot, at the end of a round.” Hahn said Urbanek was constantly reminding him that he had the power to change his future and his destiny by changing his thought process.
But the former Chinese official said he thought it unlikely that Mr. Xi would meet with the North Korean visitor.
But many of Mr. Trump’s expected convention subjects have generated their share of false, unsubstantiated or wildly exaggerated assertions — that Mrs. Clinton “slept through” the Benghazi attack (false); that the current administration is financing illegal immigration (false); and that it is not vetting refugees from the Middle East (false).
“Use that!” The first season had a weakness for over-the-top twists and it drew some supporting characters broadly; Chet still seems to be on a different, more satirical show.
When it intermittently enters my consciousness it has an abstract quality.
Ms. Armenakyan was one of the first women to be employed as a news photographer by Armenian publications and was a Magnum Human Rights Foundation Fellow in 2011.
Above, a body camera on display at a police convention in San Diego.
According to a financial disclosure law, all banks worldwide have to disclose whether their customers are American citizens, to prevent tax evasion.
His organization and other civil society groups met with government officials to plan their response on Sunday.
The firm was a commodities trading powerhouse in the 1980s, acquiring Salomon Brothers, which later merged with what is now Citigroup.
At present, they are a sap on productivity — they put in many thousands of hours of work with no economic output to show for it.
Trump voters resemble Romney and McCain voters.
Then there’s the Half Meter Upsell, the attempt to lure you into a slightly bigger vehicle for just a bit more money.
BUSINESS • JPMorgan Chase , America’s largest bank, said today that its revenue and profit were up modestly in the fourth quarter of 2015, despite weakness in its global trading business.
It may also be the right moment to leap into that historical breach.
The abuse of anonymous companies is a systemic problem.
until he heard that some members smoked pot; he called it a joke.
We should know by now that it offers us no solace, no insight important enough to forestall the next event.
Which historians working today do you most admire?
I was alive.” He retired from the Air Force in 1975 with the rank of brigadier general and later wrote a best-selling autobiography.
“Some venue staff have access to their phones at all times inside the space,” Mr. Dugoni said, in case of an emergency.
One, focusing on the death of a 26-year-old hotel worker, spoke in 2011 of “a very great stain on the reputation of the army.” A second referred in 2014 to “deliberate and calculated lies” by those who voiced other allegations against the British forces.
It’s just a newspaper, essentially.
Conviction on a felony charge can bring long prison sentences, while misdemeanors can bring up to just a year in jail.
Since the revolution, he has worked for the Ministry of Culture.
With the military campaign against the Islamic State making some progress, American officials have begun to sharpen plans to expel the terrorist organization from two major cities it still controls.
• Should phone makers do more to prevent distracted driving?
The efforts have proved fruitful for the Mets, highlighted by Wednesday’s 5-2 win over the Miami Marlins.
Some of the film’s funniest moments occur when customers, fresh from Middle America, gawk at the sights, clucking their disapproval like annoyed hens.
We interviewed him and 26 other witnesses.
His eyes are rheumy, his body is crusted in gluey globs of white; and when he speaks, it is usually in monosyllables (“Ay, “Yah,” “Nah”) that sound bewildered or alarmed.
Mr. Sanders won that contest.
The Chargers would be a tenant in the stadium that the Rams’ owner, E. Stanley Kroenke, is building, so Spanos would not have to spend years and potentially billions of dollars buying land and overseeing construction.
Earlier this month, President François Hollande of France bowed to popular opinion when he said that the country’s position on the treaty, as it now stands, would be “no.” But where do negotiations stand?
Behavior like ours seems to account for the rapid surge in lottery sales, bringing jackpots to a higher and higher level, Mr. Mehta suggests.
One agent showed her places hundreds of dollars above her price range.
Another study published Monday in Nature Climate Change also highlighted the need for modeling that takes into account how different landscapes will react to sea level rise.
Denver will face North Dakota in the national semifinals April 7 in Tampa, Fla.
Mr. Trump aims to swell the Republican margin of victory among white voters without college educations (26 percentage points, according to 2012 exit polls), while Mrs. Clinton aims to shrink the Republican edge among white college graduates (14 percentage points in 2012).
By most reasonable measures, the probe was a failure for which the Republicans and the panel chairman, Representative Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, should be publicly excoriated.
At the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, 212-967-7555, dancenownyc.org.
The walk, led by guides from Big Onion Walking Tours, meets at 2 p.m. by the statue of Lincoln in Union Square Park, near the 16th Street transverse.
The school has only itself and its business model to blame.
“Through direct engagement with Chinese authorities, we have secured an understanding that the Chinese will return the U.U.V.
But two different sets of Nielsen data I saw also showed their overall commercial viewing down by 8 or 11 percent this television season, depending on how you slice it, compared with last year.
And, on one level, the photocollages can be seen as institutional souvenirs, incorporating as they do casual, snapshotlike portraits of the school’s celebrity teachers — El Lissitzky, Paul Klee, Oskar Schlemmer — along with others of Albers’s wife, Anni, and their friends.
But things look different from a world that’s populated by more plastic lawn flamingos than living flamingos.
I remain very grateful for it.” In that job, Mr. McConnell played a major role in Senator Cook’s campaign for the Equal Rights Amendment, which passed both houses of Congress but was not ratified by the states.
The motion filed by his lawyer explains that this is because “it may be argued by a party in this cause that Mr. Clem has given multiple statements on whether the plaintiff knew he was being taped while engaging in sexual conduct with Mr. Clem’s then wife, now ex-wife, Heather Clem.
Police officers are inherently resistant to change.
But 16 of those adventurers have died, including one last year.
But even after I reached the Breuer, on Madison Avenue near 75th Street, I was not done.
Are shabu users “no longer viable for rehabilitation” because abusing the drug shrinks their brains, as Mr. Duterte claims?
Verizon, for example, is one of the biggest advertisers in the United States, spending $1.3 billion on ads in both 2014 and 2015, according to Kantar Media.
Collateral damage could happen, mistakes could happen.
“Honda expects its suppliers to act with integrity at all times and is deeply troubled by this behavior by one of our suppliers,” the automaker said in a statement.
In a call recorded by the firm in October 2011, the firm’s global treasurer acknowledged to a colleague that MF Global was “skating on the edge,” without “much ice left,” according to the commission.
It centers on two sons of a duke: the upright Roderick (Welland H. Scripps) and the prodigal Henriquez (Adam Huff, whose performance anchors this production admirably).
The theme extended to the walls, where a pair of flower paintings by Domingo Zapata hung, and were for sale ($40,000 each).
Dothan, where one in three residents is black, has never had a black mayor, police chief, circuit judge or school superintendent.
Save the ones you like.
Fei-Fei Li, the director of Stanford’s computer vision lab , was a leader of the ImageNet project, and her research is at the forefront of data-driven advances in computer vision.
1921 Eighth Street NW; 202-332-4242; lettiegooch.com
Now, a new global standard for online payments — a sort of Amazon one-click payment system for the entire internet — is being completed by the consortium and its members.
At her mother’s request, they gathered two tons of yak wool to bring to Nepal to have it woven at a friend’s workshop.
Republican control of a greater share of offices at the state level has helped further the careers of younger Republicans like Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.
It is not clear how many seats “Hamilton” sold for a $998 box-office price, but the show’s high average paid admission last week — $303, which is a record for average paid admission — suggests that a substantial number of seats sold for a premium.
(Genzlinger) ‘Dry Powder’ A sleek production from the director Thomas Kail (“Hamilton”) and a glossy cast, including Claire Danes, John Krasinski and Hank Azaria, cannot always disguise the unsurprising nature of this drama about power plays at a private equity firm.
Still, Ms. Blier and members of Our Harvard Square remain wary that the advisory committee will be weighted toward the business association.
The fantasy world shown in the movie, in which she has to choose between two Prince Charmings, either of whom could have impregnated her, might as well be Planet C, as in cute.
As Bill McKibben, the co-founder of 350.org, said , it helps to revoke the social license of fossil fuel companies.
“So, mission accomplished.” Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, made a mild attempt to strip the language from the Senate bill on the floor after the Armed Services Committee overwhelmingly rejected a similar effort, but his amendment never received a vote.
RUBIO: You know, as I said already twice in this debate, we have a very serious problem in this country.
“You ask the wrong question, and they turn against you and turn the media against you.” Some fellow journalists called Mr. Lee’s reaction typical of his overstatements and said he had a persecution complex.
Nearly a century later, Howard’s work would be picked up by another energetic amateur, the Honorable Ralph Abercromby.
My sweet, smart and responsible husband makes video games for a living.
An Iraqi-born refugee charged with attempting to aid Islamic militants made his first court appearance on Friday, telling a judge that he needed a court-appointed lawyer because he could not afford one as federal prosecutors pushed to keep him detained without bond.
• Race relations in the U.S. President Obama faces growing expectations from young black activists who are asking why a leader they see as uniquely aware of racism is not doing more to help them.
For Reinhardt, art was a speculative, philosophical endeavor with political dimensions.
In November, it circles back to Mr. Bernd in “Variations on Themes From ‘Lost and Found’: Scenes From a Life and Other Works by John Bernd,” a choreographic collage of pieces that he produced in his final years.
In March’s primary, he ran away with about 53 percent of the vote in this district.
And I’ll just have to hope that Mr. Bacon, Egg and Cheese wasn’t the sandwich that got away.
Being a birther was merely a start.
On Thursday night, they all struggled to be noticed.
I was knocked out, especially by a creation called Tidal Pool, which involved a clear littoral broth of seaweed dashi pooling around sea-urchin tongues, pickled kelp and foie gras.
It was the worst mass shooting in United States history.
His current company, Buybak, buys and resells used consumer goods.
All of that high-tech monitoring can only warn us — it can’t protect anything.
“Growing up has a whole bunch of developmental tasks, only one of which is getting into your first-choice school,” she said.
“We had a great turnout,” Tarpey said.
Mr. Murray made his case with an elaborate presentation of videos, enhanced digital images and other evidence, a reflection of the increasing sophistication of prosecutors who must also sway a public skeptical of police accounts of fatal shootings.
Since the recession, many of the Plaza’s 260 storefronts have changed from boutiques and other stores to “personal services that you can’t do on a smartphone,” Mayor Celender said, such as Launchpad, a co-working space.
We could also include stimulants used to treat disorders like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or A.D.H.D., in this group.
The racial disparities are appalling.
No wonder so many Americans despise politicians and see them as soulless and without principle.
Gvasalia and Michele’s aesthetics are diametrically opposed.
Ms. Koshetz added that the crimes he was accused of, which include manslaughter, official misconduct and reckless endangerment, were “horrible crimes.” “This is not a referendum on policing in the United States,” she said.
David Waldstein: Trevor Bauer was much better than in Game 2, but once again he left while trailing.
The primary debates were scheduled at ridiculous times to keep viewership down.
According to research by Iowa State, the last time three Division I teams from one state defeated No.
Mr. Diaz said Mr. Wilson then forged checks using an account number stolen from a Boston company and, in December, stole more than $40,000 using the phony checks.
What more could one ask from a poetry collection for any age?
It tore you up when Martha, reduced to calling from a pay phone in Rock Creek Park, raggedly, grievingly told Philip, “You left me with a stranger,” and it happened again when he took the risk of telling her that he couldn’t come to Moscow with her.
Thursdays through Mondays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Water Mill Museum, 41 Old Mill Road.
The Socialists came in second, with 85 seats, their worst-ever result, but still sufficient for them to remain the largest left-wing political group, ahead of the far-left Podemos party.
You can’t defeat an idea and a cause.” The Bundys became antigovernment sensations in 2014 after federal agents attempted to seize cattle that the government says their father, Cliven, had been grazing illegally on public acres.
No one can sweep the keyboard more flamboyantly or powerfully than he, and he did so here with relative dispatch.
Some of them supplied software management programs and marketing tools; others offered premium prices close to farmers’ market rates; others picked up the produce instead of requiring farmers to deliver to a central warehouse.
Violet Haupt said she remains faithful to his memory and the joy of their brief marriage.
On Wednesday, the Museum of Modern Art announced that it had acquired the original set of 176 emoji for its permanent collection.
I take it really seriously, because I have spent more time than I care to remember being with people who have lost their loved ones.
The major changes approved at the meeting provided a face-lift this season.
As the children were questioned, they squirmed or stared bleakly at the floor.
“This is Officer Elsokary’s country.
The many news reports that linked the speech to Wong’s organization consistently and erroneously relocated her team to Washington.
Arthur : Excellent question, Gail.
I must be the happiest old girl in the world.” Ms.
The Cavaliers rallied in the third quarter.
It didn’t really matter which sister was which.
We are in shabby, late-20th-century America.
April 13 at 6 p.m. $5 and $10.
My parents chose one of the whitest, richest schools, thinking it would provide the best opportunities for us.
Kahneman and Tversky write about the kind of decisions that you might call casino decisions — in which people confront various probabilities and try to calculate which course will be best.
After 10 years (or less, if costs are recovered before then), both sides will share revenue.
The answer should be, who cares?
He also said he expects Donald J. Trump to “win big,” but he is also holding off from endorsing the Manhattan businessman.
In June, in a 5-to-4 decision in Walker v. Sons of Confederate Veterans , the Supreme Court ruled that Texas could refuse to allow specialty license plates bearing the Confederate battle flag because the plates were the government’s speech and were thus immune from attacks on First Amendment grounds.
But now that his town, an early target of the Iraqi security forces as they advance on Mosul itself, has been cleared of the Islamic State forces, it is not jubilation he feels, but fear of what awaits him if he tries to return.
Rudolph: A meal is a meal .
You can play standing up, kneeling or sitting down, the most common position.
Backer was stunned to see the diverse group of passengers who had been angry the night before cheerfully conversing in the coffee shop.
He also attends to his own very public and more recent split from Cornel West.
But as I read it, I was struck by an additional theme, something between the lines.
That shouldn’t be in the jurisdiction of the National People’s Congress, he said.
It has outlined particular demands on the cost and timing of the debt payments.
She graduated magna cum laude from Spelman College in Atlanta before becoming a Fulbright Fellow in Valencia, Spain, at Colegio Infantil Gloria Fuertes, where she was an English teaching assistant.
She lives in a grassy field on which only three of seven homes have septic tanks.
Yet, for this director, exposition can’t hold a candle to elegantly staged shootouts.
The financial impact for workers can be substantial.
“Mayor, the bags that you’re talking about charging for, those bags get recycled, we use them in our garbage,” said the caller, identified as Mel in the Bronx.
“Display in mismatched groups or on their own,” she said, and drape matching stands of beads around the bottoms of the vases, scattering a few ornaments around the outside.
To top it off, he later swam the anchor of the men’s 4x200 freestyle relay, which the United States won easily.
By advocating an expansive budget through tax cuts and infrastructure spending, Mr. Trump’s plan would most likely lower national savings and propel the United States dollar ever higher, creating the very conditions to widen rather than to narrow the trade deficit.
Oakland’s arena really knows how to put on a show (9 p.m. Eastern, TNT).
• 2017 Rules • Related Lesson Plan • 2017 Winners Summer Reading Contest | June 16, 2017-Aug. 25, 2017 We ask, “What interested you most in The Times this week?” each Friday for 10 weeks.
But when the majority party is genocidal, there is a need to address that.
The industrial arts exhibit influenced a wave of architects to deviate from the formal Beaux-Arts style popular at the time to a style that was punctuated by features like colorful terra cotta, stucco, decorative crowns, zigzags and flat roofs with parapets.
Next year, with its agreement with the International Rescue Committee now expired, organizers intend to reach out to new groups that work with refugees, asylum seekers and young immigrants.
If I go up there and just tell my side of the story, I think I’ll be all right.” A lawyer for the ex-girlfriend who claims Rose and two friends gang raped her while she was incapacitated cried foul in court, saying Rose had violated the order of silence his own lawyer had sought to quiet the parties out of the courtroom.
She suggests that schools have “grief and loss” inventories for students who have gone through a crisis, with input from families so that the child’s future teachers know what that student is dealing with.
Every moment I can think of is cherished.
You could then give it a sentence in English and ask it to predict the best French analogue.
A man named Craig, one of the group’s leaders, was sympathetic to Sanders’s views, but was bothered by “his penchant for sitting around and talking about ideas when there was so much work to be done.
We never did learn what they found.
Maybe these young guys have grown as hitters, but that surely wasn’t the case in Games 2 and 3.
The cemetery holds victims as young as 14; by some accounts, one was 6.
The fact that Barack Obama won here in 2008, by the slimmest of margins, is more a testament to the strength of his grass-roots campaign.
And at each juncture, innocents have suffered, a countless toll, their names forgotten by time.
Until this Olympic cycle, the qualification tournaments had always been held in February, which meant N.H.L.
The border wall: Mr. Trump vows to build a wall along the border with Mexico that would be paid for by Mexico.
But the sheer scale of the carnage in Nice represents a chilling new development, and one that prompts justified fears of copycat attacks — and raises questions about what, if anything, can be done.
Known as “Espacio Escultórico” (“Sculptural Space”), the sculpture was inaugurated in 1979 here on the campus of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
No matter how many players passed through One Jets Drive, the team’s training complex in Florham Park, N.J., Ferguson was always a constant — steady, reliable and low-maintenance.
“He only gets one mention, as a co-author of the Federalist Papers,” Mr. Miranda said in an interview last year.
Sarah and Nick have equal hands in their fledging restaurant’s nightly operations: She runs the front of the house, while he oversees the kitchen, turning out modern riffs on favorite dishes like wood-roasted half-chicken, burrata with toast and kale pesto, and house-made cavatelli.
Over an 11-day period in April, Energy Transfer lowered its financial projections for the deal four times, even as the energy market stabilized.
“They all want to be like us,” she said.
“It’s not every day you get to save an iconic piece of American theater history that is literally in your backyard,” Ms. Jackson said.
Decorated with figures of the Virgin Mary, the doors are graceful — and heavy.
Wide-eyed and with an expression of manic mischief, Ms. Brown arrived onstage dressed like a flapper, in the belief that their show’s theme was “Life in the ’20s.” Ms. O’Donnell insisted that it was “Life in our 20s.” The misunderstanding persisted for the rest of the evening, as the competing concepts amusingly bumped against each other.
You must now prepare yourself, the expression said, to be prodded with a very long fork.
What would you like to see here?
She said she had been swept up by a chaotic campaign and wanted to support a solid candidate, “the medium between extremes.” “He’s young, and he doesn’t have the experience,” she said of Mr. Rubio.
Scranton and surrounding Lackawanna County is a good place to measure his progress, because of voters’ long history as loyal Democrats.
A Midwesterner would write a thank you, I figured.
Carla Hall’s Southern Kitchen doesn’t lack for branding.
attaches a great deal of importance to the principle of applying policies in a proportionate manner consistent with the legal provisions,” Andrew Bailey, the deputy governor for prudential regulation at the Bank of England and the chief executive of the Prudential Regulation Authority, said in a news release .
Referring to McIlroy, he said, “What I think he’s saying is that you can often times be worried so much about the golf course the week of the Masters that you don’t fully prepare your game and get your game sharp and ready.” LATE START FOR MCILROY Rory McIlroy, the world’s No.
Women — and men — have had the chance to look at the full measure of Mr. Trump.
Yet for all the rough edges and frequent boredom, there is something about the idea that something is live, happening right now, that seems to give it an allure.
I was very shy — I still am actually — and my school forced me to do a theater class when I was 12 because they thought it would be good for me.
And yet he has left that history a bit vague.
He says his delegates are being “stolen” in places like Tennessee and Louisiana, despite the fact that his campaign has not engaged in the type of brinkmanship and parliamentary tactics needed to win.
And when tests taken during the cleanup suggested men had alarmingly high plutonium contamination, the Air Force threw out the results, calling them “clearly unrealistic.” In the decades since, the Air Force has purposefully kept radiation test results out of the men’s medical files and resisted calls to retest them, even when the calls came from one of the Air Force’s own studies .
This approach cannot become the norm.
Starting on the night of the “Super Tuesday” primaries on March 1, he has held a string of news conferences in ornate settings, wrapping himself in presidential pomp even as he continued to engage in mockery of his rivals.
Linda and Al Blyer purchased their home in the Cobble Hill section of Brooklyn in 1981 by pooling funds with one of Mr. Blyer’s fellow workers.
Cities like Phoenix and Birmingham, Ala., will have sharp increases in premiums for “benchmark” silver plans before the application of tax credits.
She said she could not discuss the amount of the check, but press reports put it at roughly $450,000.
The mosquito control team in New Orleans got firefighters to help knock on doors when cases of West Nile virus began surfacing in 2012.
Energy policy experts, advocates in the fight on poverty and even other farmers say a law that has been a boon for Iowa has been a boondoggle to the rest of the country.
Moreover, Mr. Sanders has done so while facing some of the same disadvantages that weigh him down with African-Americans: low name recognition and the group’s longstanding affection for the Clinton family.
The impulse to flee — for reasons of war, poverty or to simply make a better life — may be too hard to stop.
As the garrote was pulled tighter, it rode higher up her neck.” Television doesn’t get much more dehumanizing than that.
He owns high-quality Sonoma parcels like Durell Vineyard and founded the wineries Head High, Lutum and Three Sticks.
None of the descendants he has spoken with have mentioned money or reparations for themselves, Mr. Cellini said.
Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York, in an hourlong session with President-elect Donald J. Trump — a man Mr. de Blasio once called uniquely unqualified for the presidency — cautioned Mr. Trump against large-scale deportations and what the mayor characterized as divisive language and policies that have heightened fears among New Yorkers.
Sundays through Thursdays, noon to 4 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, noon to 6 p.m. Levitas Center for the Arts, at the Southampton Cultural Center, 25 Pond Lane.
“Like any university, we are actively working to diversify our faculty and our student body, and this is to the benefit of the mock convention,” Mr. Connelly said.
Then again, the Warriors (61-6) have had that effect on a lot of opponents this season.
In the presence of Mr. Altman, a longtime supporter of Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, Mr. Bloomberg described her as a flawed politician, shadowed by questions about her honesty and the continuing investigation into her email practices as secretary of state, according to two people in attendance.
In Lebanon, family law is governed by religious courts, according to the religion of the people involved, and often favors fathers in custody disputes.
Other stalls worth seeking out include Hannosuke for big shrimp tempura ($3 each), Tokyo Hanten for pork-stuffed gyoza (starting at $7.99) and Matcha Love for black sesame soft serve coiled into a cone (starting at $3.25).
But many of Mr. Erdogan’s traditional opponents — Kurds, secularists, nationalists — have long worried about the influence of Mr. Gulen’s loyalists inside the state, and are largely united in believing Mr. Gulen was behind the coup.
I think punk is a lot more than just anger, and rage.
His Democratic opponent, Josh Gottheimer , was a Microsoft executive and a speechwriter for President Bill Clinton.
So far Ms. Blackburn has not promised to redact any documents the panel receives or protect anyone from public exposure.
And it ends with Jenna giving us a few tips for how to survive not only the next week but maybe the rest of your life.
The deal, which was confirmed by a person in baseball with knowledge of the signing, is for three years and $75 million, but Cespedes can opt out of it after the coming season.
Mr. Obama told Jimmy Fallon in June that, after spending eight winters in Washington, he and Michelle would fly to “some place warm for a while” when their term ends, perhaps to write again.
But Mimi’s was never just a hummus joint.
President Hassan Rouhani of Iran was quick to boast about returns showing that his reformist and moderate supporters had done well in voting for Iran’s new Parliament and influential clerical council.
Other popular images include the pope’s face atop the Vatican, and St. Bernadette and St. Christopher, with the line “Pray for us.” Outsiders may be surprised to see such Christian imagery in a country like Senegal, where more than 90 percent of the population is Muslim.
In the clubhouse, the Mets had given him a locker in a corner, with an empty locker next to it for extra space, another privilege — like the prime parking space — that is accorded veterans.
#… — Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) 4 Mar 16 Good answer by @JohnKasich: He does better in smaller field, and when his maturity contrasts with childish squabbling among the others.
“Of course, I miss it.” For Mitchell and many other fans, Noah had his most unforgettable sequence with the Bulls in a first-round playoff game against the Boston Celtics in 2009.
“For many years, in different ways, we’ve made a lot of people happy,” Mr. St. Geegland said.
I’ve asked her to stop, and I remove food when I can, but to no avail.
And most Republican voters believe their party leaders should support Donald Trump even if they disagree with him.
“This is the people’s House, this is Congress, the House of Representatives, the oldest democracy in the world and they’re descending it into chaos,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan told reporters Thursday as the protest was winding up.
Once again concerned about prevent the destruction of their forests, the Ekuri people have taken their campaign all the way to Abuja with a petition of some quarter of a million signatures.
That’s trillions, with a T. Saudi Arabia is considering selling shares in its state oil company.
They will let him know that no matter how much money he has or how big a star he is, there are places where his tentacles can’t travel.
Things could still stall out on this drive for New England, but Brady is showing off what pundits mean by veteran leadership by making something work even as his receivers seem to be dropping like flies.
In fact, he said he hadn’t told a single other soul until he spoke of his status on camera for “Strike a Pose.” Mr. Gauwloos isn’t the only dancer who held a secret on a tour preserved for history in the smash hit documentary “ Truth or Dare .” In large part, the 1991 film was about revealing truths to erase shame — specifically about being gay or H.I.V.-positive at a time when AIDS paranoia ran rampant.
Included are admission into the Royal Palace — one of Europe’s largest palaces; a boat trip from the city center into the Djurgarden Canal; and admission into the Nobel Museum, which is full of history about the Nobel Prize.
eventually eclipsed its predecessor and transformed the structure and the role of agencies.
Mumford argued that Jacobs’s vision was so singularly focused on the prevention of crime that in the end it couldn’t be considered much of a vision at all.
Herb, with sprayed-on gray hair and a kitschy suit, hammers a keyboard and sips Canadian Club.
You’ll find the winning reviews published beneath the list of names.
— in Paris, asphyxiated by a gas leak in a rundown apartment.
But most prognosticators thought Manziel would be selected quickly.
Since I had left his hearing room in early May, his commission had heard about 1,200 more cases.
One of his creations, which he designed with the British media company Vodafone in 2012, exemplified his practical but fun-loving approach.
I made the herbed yogurt soup, which looked as if it might be bland.
But his sentiments were also echoed in at least a few other churches.
And if rigorous analysis shows that Policy X is the way to do it, the fact that Policy X is going to disadvantage a few thousand people often isn’t a reason to abandon the idea.
I cheered for all the strange fruit that had hung on the trees for three centuries.” Do you think O.J.
The second day of the “When Harry Met Sally” tour is more conventional.
Back in the cab, I learned that he’d paid our fare and with that, the holiday season was underway.
And not all of them can be avoided.
A major reason for the dearth of lending is that the incomes of many black residents may be too low to afford a house or qualify for a loan.
SOUTHWEST FALLS Southwest Airlines stock fell 10.4 percent after the company reported revenue and earnings growth that fell short of analysts’ expectations.
A black doctor was in the news last week after writing on Facebook that a flight attendant seeking help for a sick passenger refused to believe she was a physician.
But don’t expect to leave these works feeling cleansed.
Mr. Kiwanuka’s latest record shouldn’t be overlooked either: This British singer and guitarist’s collection “Love & Hate” features gripping sociopolitical rockers like “Black Man in a White World.” Musically, Mr. Kiwanuka has also made some of his most adventurous material to date, thanks to the soulful and psychedelic production of the Gnarls Barkley co-founder Brian Burton, known as Danger Mouse.
If you’ve ever had a Labrador retriever, you know about one of the breed’s notable traits: an unrelenting appetite.
It has also added to mounting concerns about Belgium’s weak security systems, including at its nuclear sites .
“In my whole life, I’ve gotten things done,” he said in an interview on Saturday.
I’m pleased that Will and Joel kept probably 90 percent of my clues.
Any government inquiries, including those tied to the involvement of SummitView, are expected to take place after Affymetrix shareholders are paid, leaving the Origin executives and SummitView bearing those risks.
Baroque composers say, “Prima le parole”: First the words and the story.
What follows is a wild mash-up of Shakespeare and pop-culture references that seems chaotically improvised but takes a deceptive amount of skill to execute.
There had been little interaction between the coinciding investigations — one featuring dozens of interviews and analysis of text messages and fascinating behind-the-scenes accounts and entanglements, and Exponent’s dive into the science of air pressure.
As imperturbable as they were in 1952, they seemed interested but not overwhelmed as their former lives were re-enacted.
pays particularly close attention to Senate and House antitrust subcommittees because they oversee the D.O.J.,” said Paul Gallant, an analyst at Cowen and Company, who added that the committee’s commentary “bears watching for its potential effect on the D.O.J.” Members of the Justice Department attended the hearing.
I find the industry’s lack of concern for the animals it breeds, trains and races inhumane, cruel and sometimes sadistic.
In Donald Trump’s characteristically gracious and temperate statement following his drubbing in Wisconsin, he accused Ted Cruz of being not just a “puppet” but “a Trojan horse,” a flag of convenience for “party bosses attempting to steal the nomination.” The image of Cruz as a tool of the Republican Party’s “bosses” is not one that would have occurred to anyone before this primary season.
Mr. Trump has exploited such fears, Mr. Obama told National Public Radio in December, calling them “justified, but just misdirected.” On Friday, even as he held a Google-sponsored virtual conference with entrepreneurs in Britain, Iraq, South Korea and Mexico, the president conceded that interconnectivity still makes many people uncomfortable.
“If it were effective, we would have higher enrollment, and the population buying policies in the insurance exchange would be healthier and younger.” Americans have decades of experience with tax deductions and other tax breaks aimed at encouraging various types of behavior, as well as “sin taxes” intended to discourage other kinds of behavior, Mr. Thorndike said.
It is more interesting to see how climate change opposition plays out in Republican-controlled states facing the brunt of rising seawaters.
Many were women and children.
Added Angelina, “She was awesome.”
An enraged Mr. Santorum lashed out at Fox News, which hosted the debate, for creating a two-tier process that kept candidates with low poll numbers on a separate stage.
No fashion week harbors consensus, either ideologically or aesthetically, but the range is particularly broad here.
Mr. Adachi said the messages were highly consequential.
“Ailing schools often struggle to turn around, even with an influx of new energy, resources and staff,” says Aaron Pallas, a Columbia Teachers College professor.
The man shot to death by the police in Paris last week as he approached a police station with a meat cleaver and fake explosives was a petty criminal who used multiple identities and who lived in a house for asylum seekers in Germany’s most populous state, the German police said on Sunday.
While not a general, Mr. Zinke served in Iraq, Bosnia, Kosovo and the Pacific.
I’ve been all over the country.
To be in love with a person is of course ideal, but you can be in love with a flower, a tree, an idea.
While the service has laid off hundreds of thousands of people over the last five years, Mr. Hogan, 60, says he has trouble finding qualified workers.
For “tête-à-tête,” Thomas rotates through a cluster of artworks that have galvanized her to make her own art, including a piece by Adams.
Not just for this campaign — three years ago, I proposed a law that we signed into effect, which said that anyone who was a non- violent, non-dealing, first-time drug offender no longer goes to prison in New Jersey.
If your dominant hand is your right, as mine is, you probably look at that one a bit more.
The Oscar for best picture goes to “Spotlight.” Read our review.
The findings also indicate that automakers played a far more active role in the prelude to the crisis: Rather than being the victims of Takata’s missteps, automakers pressed their suppliers to put cost before all else.
If we could, Hollywood would be churning them out.” The creative push and pull of moviemaking, where one decision among thousands can make the difference between a critical hit and a miss, is on display all year long, of course.
Their youngest children were on track to attend college, he said.
(By comparison, a police Taser typically releases about 50,000 volts.)
Moreover, the funds that I blindly selected when I signed up for my plan 15 years ago charged me 0.51 percent in fees.
I don’t care about anything.
Someone suggested a bench, and everyone liked that idea.
In 2003, at the genesis of the modern patient safety movement, the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education mandated that residents work no more than 80 hours per week.
Levels of awareness and primal instincts are meticulously embodied in the astute performances of the 14-strong ensemble, most of whose members play several roles.
: I owe a huge debt to the work of Marxist feminists like Silvia Federici, Selma James and Mariarosa dalla Costa, or Nancy Holmstrom and Nancy Fraser, who have elucidated the extent to which romantic and sexual relationships are labor relationships, and the ideology surrounding female nature and the role of women in the nuclear family have served to justify our exploitation.
And millions of potential Clinton voters who the models suggested would vote stayed home.
Though Ms. Fure is American, her work has been heard mainly in Europe, particularly at the Darmstadt International Summer Course for New Music, once the home of the postwar avant-garde.
Eight years later, the educator Barbara Bryant Solomon, writing about American black communities, gave this notion a new name, “empowerment.” It was meant as an ethos for social workers in marginalized communities, to discourage paternalism and encourage their clients to solve problems in their own ways.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
But in 2009, they raised another $1.1 million from friends and family, and $2 million more in 2011.
The braincase helped fill in some gaps in the species’ anatomy that paleontologists were missing, and also provided insight as to where that titanosaur fit in the sauropod tree of life.
Chow was soon joined in his driveway by Rick Goode, a neighbor of 25 years with a slender build and a birdlike gait.
She declined to give her name, saying she was unauthorized to speak to the news media.
There were few birds around, but he said, “The season hasn’t started yet, pretty soon all these trees will be full of birds and there’ll be birders everywhere.” Inside the refuge’s small museum, I learned more about the plume-hunting trade, which was the impetus for the creation of Malheur, the 19th of 51 refuges created by President Theodore Roosevelt (there are now 550 National Wildlife Refuges in 50 states, protecting some 94 million acres of land).
Laura Everett, a minister of the United Church of Christ, is to officiate at the Allen Farm Sheep and Wool Company in Chilmark, Mass.
Organized by the guest curator Chee Pearlman and Kelly Taxter, a curator at the museum, this exhibition also includes drawings, hats, jewelry, shoes and other accessories.
“It’s true that the lower classes have more love for Lula because he invested in programs they benefit from,” said Dayse Gomes, 24, a student in Rio de Janeiro who aspires to be a social worker.
And sex, of course, or the lack thereof.
“See, one difference,” he added, “if this were a Trump rally, I’d be encouraging people to punch him.”
He worked with electricians to make NYRA’s wireless.
Lawmakers in Haiti chose the country’s Senate leader on Sunday to lead a caretaker government that will fill the void left by last week’s departure of President Michel Martelly and perhaps ease lingering tensions that recently pushed the deeply polarized nation into political crisis.
Courts in some other states have ruled against vendors who refused.
Why is this Passover different from all other Passovers?
Most important, they said, the company could be counted on to solve problems with Chinese officials, by using what they called “strong connections with the central government, the city and the security services.” The managers agreed to let Anyuan deal with the fire inspectors on Olympus’s behalf, multiple Olympus documents show.
Who could resist dancing in one of those?
Not long ago, a group of aging elite distance runners got together, and as they reminisced about old times, a familiar topic arose: No matter how much they train, no matter how much they push themselves, their best times are behind them.
Look what ended up on the front page on #CanadaDay .
He called for working with the Muslim world.
“Consumers are looking for better quality.” When the deal was announced, Anheuser-Busch InBev said it would “promptly and proactively” resolve any regulatory issues in China.
The heaviest fighting and the highest number of casualties in recent weeks occurred around the city and province of Taiz, where the United Nations said that tight control of entry points by Houthi-affiliated forces had made it difficult for food and other essential supplies to get into the city or for civilians to get out.
As for the insurance companies, their increased premium costs have supported the argument for single payer, making health insurance affordable for all.
The assistance is coordinated by a 45-person American military planning group with personnel in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates, according to American officials.
At the age of 17, she started working in a shop, Made In, where she decorated the walls of the store with Polaroids of the customers.
Sociologists who distrust her strain of richly descriptive ethnography saw this as an unfortunate consequence of the ethnographer’s tendency to become ‘‘too close’’ to her subjects, to forgo rigor and skepticism in favor of taking at face ­value the accounts that subjects give of themselves.
Terry Bartlett competed in gymnastics at three Olympics for Britain and retired after the Barcelona Games in 1992.
This brought up Harper with two outs and two on, and a battle ensued between two former most valuable players.
Over almost two years, radical Islamists have carried out a string of brutal attacks in Bangladesh, killing scores of bloggers, foreigners and members of religious minorities.
Creating surfaces that can repel oil and shampoo is hard, and “this is the first time someone’s demonstrated that you can do it in a very cheap, very common plastic,” said Gareth McKinley, a professor of mechanical engineering at M.I.T.
Ceramic ovens once used for heating are in the living room and in two of the bedrooms; there is now central heating.
Beagle has captured that seasonal warmth here, beautifully, magically.
There’s a wash of that over the culture.
NEW HAVEN “Samurai and the Culture of Japan’s Great Peace.” Through Jan. 3.
But because, in encouraging that homogeneity, it locks English soccer — as opposed to the multinational Premier League — in stasis.
It is “Bayou Maharajah” not “Bayou Maharaj.” OBITUARIES An obituary last Sunday about the author Lois Duncan misidentified, in some copies, the city in Florida where she died.
Why hasn’t the media done the same thing?
Last week, a government minister told lawmakers that a navy investigation had revealed that Lieutenant Rajapaksa had been inappropriately promoted and allowed to attend training programs in Britain and Ukraine, at the government’s expense.
So it came as no surprise to people close to Mr. Thompson, 43, that when gunfire started ringing out during a protest here last Thursday, he was one of the officers running toward the shooting.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have warned banks away from using more than 300 percent of a minimum capital standard for commercial real estate loans.
Unlike corporate multiplexes, these boutique theaters offer a sense of community.
The bride, 27, is a financial accountant for Marriott International in Bethesda, Md.
George E. Pataki’s final race for re-election in 2002.
The release of a cache of emails from the Democratic National Committee by WikiLeaks last month has raised a great many questions — about the role of the D.N.C.
In response to Bergman’s alert, an international team gathered into the cramped, second-floor police command center on Koror, Palau’s most populous island.
The Falcon, 1348 Route 9W.
That commitment, analysts said, would make it easier for other NATO members to deploy troops.
Some took this to mean that cancer is much more because of “bad luck” than because of other factors that people could control.
The English Football Association said in a statement that it “strongly condemns the unsavory incidents this evening involving both the Manchester United team coach outside West Ham United’s Boleyn Ground and objects thrown from a section of the home support during the game.
He sowed doubts often by spreading misinformation, especially when his political fortunes were at stake.
At mosques in Oregon, imams sometimes warn of F.B.I.
June 11 at 2 and 6 p.m. $15 to $30.
During the trial, prosecutors argued that Mr. Blankenship’s seemingly unwavering focus on Massey’s financial performance stimulated a corporate culture in which safety was less a priority than profits.
“It should come as no surprise to anyone that political parties are high-profile targets for foreign intelligence gathering,” Representative Jim Langevin, a Rhode Island Democrat who has been deeply involved in cyberissues, said in a statement.
Coleman was a Met fan’s Met, an emblem (like so many of his teammates) of a team that returned National League baseball to New York and was welcomed by New Yorkers still heartsick at the departure of the Dodgers and Giants to the West Coast after the 1957 season.
For many of the children, who may have felt abandoned by their biological parents and had moved between homes, Mr. Gonzales-Mugaburu promised a stability they had never known.
SOUTH ORANGE “The Berenstain Bears Live!
POUGHKEEPSIE Second Annual Walkway Over the Hudson Marathon Weekend.
A poll shows John R. Kasich gaining ground in Michigan, where Donald J. Trump has a double-digit lead and his appeal to white blue-collar workers is being tested.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
But the remarkably high turnout was not enough to deliver him a win, even though 46 percent of those who turned out were participating in a Republican caucus for the first time.
That said, let’s face it: In real life, nobody enjoys being criticized.
“Ministers will be strengthened and evangelists encouraged,” he wrote.
반면 미국에는 큰 조직이라 부를 만한 것이 자칭 미국 정리 전문가 협회(National Association of Professional Organizers, NAPO) 하나밖에 없다.
The State Department said the American was an “accredited diplomat” who had been assaulted as part of systematic harassment of American embassy staff by the Russian authorities.
Shubert Theater, 225 West 44th Street, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
“I’d never done it from top to bottom until the first night I performed it,” the singer-songwriter recalled of “ Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall ,” his song-by-song re-creation of a legendary concert that Judy Garland performed at the same space in 1961.
You don’t need to give a reason for your request.
He was the picture of a cool, beachy service provider: shorts, flip-flops and sunglasses with heart-shaped frames.
“Been coming here many years, never felt it so cold on court like it was today,” Cahill said Thursday.
Mr. Schuelke and colleagues have argued in court that the senior United States District Court judge, Justin L. Quackenbush, should dismiss the case because, among other reasons, “sovereign immunity” extended to their clients, who were acting on the government’s behalf.
“I think it’s a very bold step of the University of Miami, and I hope there will be others,” said Richard Dawkins , an evolutionary biologist and atheist luminary who is the author of “ The God Delusion .” “It’s enormously important to shake off the shackles of religion from the study of morality,” Mr. Dawkins said in a telephone interview from his home in Britain.
The National Guard is now holding much of the Yemeni border.
We can find such ledger drawings in the permanent collection displays of other museums.
When hunters and poachers kill an important member of a wolf pack or elephant group, for example, families come undone.
“I did my time in L.A.,” said the charmingly brash Ms. Mazar, a star of the TV Land series “Younger,” and a host of the new Cooking Channel show “Extra Virgin Americana” with her husband, Gabriele Corcos, 43, a chef who is from Tuscany.
“They hid him,” Gard told me, without offering any evidence.
President Enrique Peña Nieto likened the candidate’s language to that of Hitler and Mussolini in an interview with Mexico’s Excelsior newspaper .
Compared with the Uno players, they sound as if they are at a yoga retreat.
Tyco’s shares have slumped almost 30 percent over the last year, driving its market value down to less than $13 billion, while Johnson Controls’ stock has fallen to a market value of $23 billion.
The clash appeared to have a happy ending: The authorities said they returned the creature to the forest.
We find it easier to attribute the death of a charismatic leader to his tempting of the fates than to accept that a deranged nobody managed to assassinate him.
“Paul McCartney” opens with Norman’s confession that, in hindsight, the offending passages in “Shout!” were fueled by a lifelong case of Paul envy: “All those years I’d spent wishing to be him had left me feeling in some obscure way that I needed to get my own back.” This is weird territory.
A team that shot 53.7 percent from the field and sank 20 3-pointers?
As a result, you should not really worry about fluctuations in the stock market.
In so trying, he learned valuable lessons.
Among the 2016 casualties were the Lyric Diner in Gramercy and the 40-year-old Del Rio in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, while La Parisienne near Columbus Circle and the 53-year-old Market Diner in Hell’s Kitchen closed in 2015.
“He had been so bad he didn’t deserve a football at all.”
The inflation rate, which had been slightly positive, was minus 0.2 percent in February, according to official figures.
The vote on Saturday is a critical test of organization and strength for both parties.
My parents were the first in their families to graduate from college.
JACK, NEW YORK People are mysterious (and occasionally sociopathic).
“The guy said, ‘Oh, I promise you when you come to the agency in São Paulo, I’ll take you to the Playcenter there,’” Ms. Bündchen added.
The film is a double coming-of-age story: As Ren (later renamed Kyuta) learns to deal with his anger and confusion through the study of kendo, his master, the undisciplined, egotistic Kumatetsu (he’s no Mr. Miyagi), learns responsibility.
In the mid-19th century, the distinction we now observe between editorial and news departments was barely discernible.
“At the end of the day, the film is about Amy, and she became a bit of a punching bag, a bit of a bad gag in the press at the end,” said James Gay-Rees, the film’s producer.
But she was going to beat — she was favored to win — and she got schlonged, she lost, I mean she lost.
“Rio’s politicians are absolutely disgusting,” said Leonardo Siqueira, 37, a cosmetics distributor.
Businesses featured on the site — not Yelp itself — solicited the fake reviews.
Robert Honeywell makes an effectively untrustworthy narrator and the director, Edward Einhorn, conjures a reasonably noir atmosphere.
Mr. Obama’s candidacy also heightened another element in presidential politics that is glaringly obvious in today’s campaign — celebrity.
(Great use of pylon cam on the replay by the way.)
„Man darf diese Sachen nicht sagen“, meinte sie.
Giselle Beryn Mazur and Alexander Leng Doolan were married Nov. 4 at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau.
My “hatred,” I guess, is that it’s so mainstream and there’s little I can do to stop it.
Playrooms are nothing new in New York City.
But to experience it at Dia:Beacon along Minimalist works by other artists that encourage heightened perceptual attention to the here and now is as spiritually calming as it is historically illuminating.
Here’s a snapshot of global markets .
New York Botanical Garden, Southern Boulevard.
But many children need to use the web for schoolwork and will inevitably come across content that will generate the need for a family discussion.
“The first company in the space is not always the winner,” Anthony Levandowski, chief executive of Otto, said on Thursday.
Was there a way to organize this material so I could easily spot the most important content?
He has written several more novels since then, mostly about girls and racing cars.
Wearing colorful dresses, the girls listened to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo speak from behind a table, flanked by his ministers.
Niagara Falls, for instance, had been grotesquely commercialized by private operators, who turned the overlook areas into a circus of pricey amusements, and the founders of Yellowstone considered it a negative exemplum.
And that would be bad news for the beleaguered shareholders of Yahoo.
That email also appears here.
Talking with the public about the need to stress building blocks for growth is vital to blunt criticisms that economic policy should continue the Obama administration’s focus more on redistribution and regulation.
Many universities had used the “beyond a reasonable doubt” standard, but the vast majority now have adopted the lower standard, including Stanford.
A series of private meetings were set up with lawmakers including Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, and Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, as the lobbyists and the Kurdish delegation attempted to line up votes for a Senate proposal to provide direct military support to the Kurds, bypassing Baghdad.
Share prices see-sawed early in the day , with the Shenzhen composite index down by as much as 4 percent, but rose and finished the day higher.
Many Italian cities, including Rome, already offer civil union certifications, though they are mostly symbolic.
“The Thomson Reuters Foundation has no dealings with Iran whatsoever, does not operate and does not plan to operate in the country.” The intelligence unit of the Revolutionary Guards has arrested several dual citizens over recent months.
In all three tests, England flyhalf Owen Farrell punished the Australians from the goal-kicking tee.
Opposition politicians expressed fury over Ms. Park’s five-minute address to the nation, in which she said she was willing to leave office before the end of her term but left the details — including the date — to the National Assembly, which has a reputation for being able to agree on very little.
“I don’t think I’m the best person to ask that question,” Williams said.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
That would drive up the cost of insurance in aggregate because insurers and the government would be left covering mostly older and sicker people.
Una vez que se pusieron de acuerdo, se acercaron a los ejecutivos de Fox.
He lied about his company’s bankruptcies .
A long list of kidnappings, robberies, rapes and murders, each distinguished by its own unique form of cruelty.
(Try this stir-fry of Sichuan chicken with chiles if that Monday hot pot doesn’t appeal.)
Among other transgressions, Mr. Yiannopoulos got his followers to send racist threats and insults to Leslie Jones, the black “Saturday Night Live” comedian who co-starred in the new “Ghostbusters” movie earlier this year.
“Under President Macri, Argentina is reassuming its traditional leadership role in the region and around the world,” Mr. Obama said.
Cable and mobile service providers, “which typically have little competition and whose customers are bound by contracts or would be considerably inconvenienced if they canceled their service,” Ms. Murphy writes.
He focused his mournful, darkly funny short stories and novels on “the sadness of fate.” Here are excerpts from some of his works.
Of course, there’s an adversarial force, too: the Destroyer, danced by Amar Ramasar, who lays waste to the magical clock with a silver club that resembles a Marcel Duchamp chess piece.
Surely there would have been demonstrations after the killing and the killer’s acquittal regardless of what the victim wore.
He hit a 33-footer in the final minute of the half, and the Warriors led, 63-61, at the break.
And the gardens of the Château de Fougères-sur-Bièvre, about 130 miles southwest of Paris, were completely submerged.
After he graduated from Northwestern and embarked on a professional baseball career, he began to appreciate what his parents had done for him, his four siblings and others in their neighborhood in Peoria, Ill. His mother, a child psychologist, used to test children who could not afford it, and the Girardi home was a center for wayward cats and dogs.
He’s presented no governing philosophy, no policy details, nothing resembling even-keeled judgment.
Those in Darien, Conn., nearly an hour into the commute, may think so.
It puts them in another person’s shoes and teaches them empathy, which will make them a better leader and teammate.
“It will feel like you are buying a piece of art equally and to the same standards as the fine art prints themselves,” he says.
Although Washington is no longer eager to sign new trade deals — a lightning rod in the 2016 presidential race — it would be foolish not to seize on these possibilities.
In 2002, Mr. Torre and his wife, Ali, started an organization called the Joe Torre Safe at Home Foundation to help children and families dealing with domestic violence.
Praise God!” as the girls were separated.
He made a steady living with guest appearances on an assortment of television series, including “The Donna Reed Show,” “Gunsmoke,” “Cheyenne,” “Have Gun — Will Travel” and “Perry Mason.” While filming “Summer Magic” (1963), with Burl Ives and Hayley Mills, in Palm Springs, Calif., Mr. Stacy met and married the actress Connie Stevens, who was there to film “Palm Springs Weekend.” The marriage ended in divorce, as did his second marriage, to the actress Kim Darby, whom he had met on the set of “Gunsmoke.” He is survived by a daughter from his marriage to Ms. Darby, Heather Elias; a sister, Carolyn Elias; and a brother, Louie.
His government’s coalition still controls Congress.
Her father is a partner focusing on civil litigation at the New York law firm Martin Clearwater & Bell.
ERIK PIEPENBURG INVALUABLE REVIVALS In staging Adrienne Kennedy’s “Funnyhouse of a Negro” (1969) and Suzan-Lori Parks’s “The Death of the Last Black Man in the Whole Entire World” (1990), Signature Theater Company offered two phantasmagorical deconstructions of racism and its legacies.
If you could require the president to read one book, what would it be?
Early exit polls in South Carolina indicate that Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas are tied in one category that is especially timely: whom Republican voters would trust to name Supreme Court justices.
Eight-year-olds are perfectly capable of operating microwave ovens.” These are Franken’s stock lines at such events.
But which one will lead the company is still not known.
“I think it’s a work in progress,” Priebus said.
Input is so precious — the conversations other people pause to grant you, beyond the barest niceties, describing piquant scenery you can’t see.
It’s unclear if they ever saw what our reporter described as the “jury-rigged staircase, a blocked exit upstairs, webs of extension cords, propane tanks used to heat water and piles of flammable debris.” • Toll of war in Syria.
(If you want to know more about material adverse effect clauses and walking away from deals, I wrote about the issue in a previous column and in a book , “Gods at War: Shotgun Takeovers, Government by Deal, and the Private Equity Implosion.” But if there is one lesson we learned from failed deals involving companies like Huntsman, Penn National Gaming, Clear Channel and BCE, if a deal looks like it should break, it will, no matter the legal issues.
“We will restore the image of FIFA, and everyone in the world will applaud us, and all of you, for what we do in FIFA in the future.” A smiling Infantino at the podium now.
July 22 at 7 p.m. $41.50 to $94.
Read our latest news story , review what we know (and don’t know) about the situation, and watch our video coverage about the coup attempt.
And what about that evil servant who ended a dynasty with a bar of soap?
A jump shot by Patricio Garino with 1 minute 32 seconds left broke a tie, and George Washington (15-4, 4-2 Atlantic 10) sank five late free throws to seal a 62-58 win over Rhode Island (11-8, 3-3) in Washington.
— Donald J. Trump, referring to Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz Can somebody attack me, please?
“Whenever I get the call,” he said, “I’m going to go ahead and leave.”
Her denigrating Stone in open court is a low moment, though it’s encouraging to see all the other main players — the judge, Helen and Box — either come to his defense or offer a conciliatory gaze.
The movie is also the portrait of a marriage in disarray.
Even by the Miller’s standards, the players assembled to introduce them are starry: the American Brass Quintet, the JACK Quartet, the Talea Ensemble, Tyshawn Sorey and more.
, Newark This month in 1907, the city’s first metered taxicabs went into service .
Approval of the subsidies would make New York one of the first states to reward nuclear plants for what advocates of curtailing greenhouse gas emissions consider their chief advantage : They produce zero emissions.
Hours before General Dunford’s visit, Turkish forces flying attack helicopters and drones raided a forested area in southwestern Turkey, capturing a fugitive unit of commandos who had tried to assassinate or kidnap President Recep Tayyip Erdogan last month during the attempted coup.
At $7.50 a person, which Technology Review magazine reported would be the price in Piracicaba, protecting a city of one million people would cost $7.5 million a year.
“She was pretty dead set on not getting a typical wedding dress,” said Katie Leaird, a bridesmaid.
We know who we are and how we have to make decisions like that, and they can be really hard in the moment.
Several weeks after the shooting, Mr. Melius released a video statement thanking all those who offered support as he recovered.
STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS (2015) 9:55 p.m. on Starz.
But these last few, flailing weeks belied a campaign that for months had followed its initial strategy to the letter.
You see it in Donald Trump’s railing against immigrants and trade agreements.
You will swear bugs are crawling over your face, even when they are not.
“It’s a template,” Mr. Matthews added, citing the brand’s ubiquity with high school sports teams.
GREENWICH Family Studio Workshop: Mixed-Media Self-Portraits.
“‘Are you crazy?’” she recalled Mr. Reichman asking.
The chairs are solid ash, stained in colors that coordinate with the seasons.
But, like many people who have chosen to pursue a traditional Japanese craft, Ms. Minegishi said one of her biggest motivations was simply to generate more awareness of the craft.
“If you fix man, you fix the world.” Elsewhere, easy answers seemed equally difficult to come by.
Given the sensitive nature of the matter — Mr. Levine desires to stay — most declined to speak publicly.
In this last year, that changed a little.
The score was 4-4 with runners on second and third.
She was volunteering for the Republican nominee and carrying a “W.
“Every one of those times was associated with a decline in the dollar,” he said, not a rise.
In fact, a fox community on one island has set a record for the least genetic variation in a sexually reproducing species.
We may rhapsodize in books and tasting rooms about the wonders of terroir, but this knowledge comes from the sweaty, muscular labor of cultivating vines in dirt.
Disney is planning a musical adaptation of “Frozen” for the spring of 2018.
The judge, Jorge Zepeda, has put an end to the 16-year investigation into Mr. Weisfeiler’s death by applying a statute of limitations on the case, clearing all those charged, denying the family any compensation and failing to establish what had ultimately happened to Mr. Weisfeiler.
This self-assuredness can lead to reckless behavior.
The RICO count ties everything together so that defendants accused of receiving corrupt payments involving different soccer tournaments can be brought together.
But thousands of young people clogging East Village Manhattan streets proved to be untameable, even by Mr. West.
Plaid, a newer aggregator that helps many start-ups, said it does not take more than it needs either.
“I watched the debates, and he was the only adult in the room,” she said.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton clashed over the role of money in politics, one of the searing exchanges in a debate on Thursday night in New Hampshire.
This constant predator-­like state will change you, heighten your senses and make you keenly attuned to your surroundings.
It dealt with a lot of similar themes, like being black in a particularly white world.
SAG HARBOR Goat on a Boat presents “The Bambini Ball,” which includes puppet-making, dancing, games, pizza and a puppet show.
But Mr. Wallace, a battle-tested political interrogator with a classic newsman’s baritone, did not hesitate to confront Mr. Trump.
“When you learn about fashion, it’s one of the basics.
A December survey by PwC, the accounting and consulting firm, showed companies budgeting for salary raises of nearly 3 percent in 2016, the biggest annual increase since the recovery began.
“That was really scary,” he remembered.
His pitch came up five feet short, and the birdie putt to force a playoff hit the left edge of the cup and spun out.
has expanded rapidly in the two decades since the Raiders and the Rams left, which has led some to posit that the league did not need to return to Los Angeles.
“If it was a Jewish girl, she wouldn’t stay in prison for even one hour because it is forbidden according to the Israeli law.” Israel captured the West Bank in 1967, and Palestinian residents there are subject to a system of military law that can sentence people as young as 12 to prison.
Barnette’s early years were formative, and a precursor, you could say, to his new menu.
The two countries’ presidents are expected to meet in Berlin tomorrow, along with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and President François Hollande of France, for talks aimed at reviving the peace process.
John Lewis , Andrew Aydin and the artist Nate Powell “ March: Book Three ” (Top Shelf), the final volume in a graphic-memoir trilogy about the Civil Rights movement.
On Broadway, lights were dimmed in memory of Brian Bedford , Tammy Grimes and Anne Jackson , all brilliant in their day.
Nyquist, the two-legged version, had a game the next day, but he could not resist sneaking a peek at the replay.
They said there were weapons of mass destruction.
The nature of Sharapova’s long-term usage should be critical to her case.
Italians use dogs to sniff out white truffles underground, and can only guess whether they will still grow in the same area the following year.
While still cooling his heels as governor of New Jersey, Christie made history when a recent Quinnipiac poll showed him with a 77 percent job disapproval rating.
A bright spot came in July, when Mr. Trump chose Indiana’s governor, Mike Pence , who has long been close to Mr. Ryan, as his running mate.
A French film series that doesn’t explore variations of love and sex is almost unimaginable, and this year’s Rendez-Vous has the usual quota of juicy warmblooded attractions.
The wealthiest among them still own French chateaus, stash money in Swiss bank accounts, wear couture dresses under their abayas and frolic on some of the world’s biggest yachts.
Stephen Harper , his Conservative predecessor, focused on domestic politics and was seen as being less engaged on most global issues.
The shooting at Pulse was certainly Orlando’s Sept. 11.
It was just — we dropped bombs,” he said.
Ms. Altman was a former showgirl and movie extra who met her husband in 1959, long before he became successful and famous as the innovative director of “M*A*S*H,” “McCabe and Mrs. Miller,” “The Long Goodbye,” “California Split,” “Nashville,” “A Wedding,” “The Player,” “Short Cuts” and many other movies.
He left that position to incorporate Transammonia.
Drone strikes may sometimes be justified to eradicate threats to the United States.
“They told me, ‘Learn to figure out your money and write your name.
(I had seen the tragic emotion of “Romeo and Juliet” and “Swan Lake” without crying; and I already knew “Fille.” But the heartfelt simplicity of this lovers’ gaze melted me.)
We shot the movie all over the place, Kobe, Osaka, Awaji Island.
“I do think sometimes you have a personality for each language,” she said.
A war veteran named April provides a foil to these struggles.
Strangely, she finds this neither surprising nor frightening, such is the nightmare of illogic in this dreadful place.
[ New York Times ] • A new “food-to-institution” hub in the Bronx aims to expand access to high-quality vegetables and fruits.
Waiting for the waitress at the restaurant.
I want every kid in this country who has the ability to be able to go to a public college, or university, tuition free.
“I don’t really get involved in it.
“Since then,” Professor Ross said, “U.S.
His passion, it seems, was in law enforcement: Omar Mateen saw himself in uniform, buff and armed.
The girl’s mother, Sandy Rougely, said in an interview on Thursday that she thought her daughter was wearing a necklace when she first saw her after the trip.
Just the possibility is worth $5 million.
Equally important, host clubs have spent a bye week relaxing in hot tubs while their opponents were out being pounded.
THE VIOLET HOUR Great Writers at the End By Katie Roiphe Illustrated.
The Temptations and the Four Tops.
Anbang has entered the risky business of becoming a “shadow bank” in China by offering investment products that promise large interest payments.
Mr. Santos, a business and architecture major, moved to New York for a job at a high-end residential design firm.
With their lights off, the vehicles made two attempts to cross the web of rutted, rocky dirt roads and reach gaps in the fence, but they turned back because spotters saw Israeli Army Humvees converging on the same areas.
“Mistaken for love/It wasn’t love, it was a perfect illusion,” she belts, angry and tremulous.
The Nittany Lions (7-2, 5-1) scored on seven of 11 possessions and kept the pressure on after leading by 24-7 at halftime.
After the war, Mr. Mayer served as a power plant supervisor at Voice of America outposts around the world before retiring in West Virginia in 1977.
In short order, he lost four men — two SEAL team members, two Army soldiers — under his command.
In a distant third place was Senator Ted Cruz.
What drives productivity is poorly understood, so it doesn’t lend itself to easy solutions.
The training session started with a harsh public shaming.
Its monarchy — the Chrysanthemum Throne — is the oldest in the world, stretching back to antiquity.
“And there I was sleeping in a van!” Mr. Amato added.
Federer, who has overcome similar back problems before, said he hoped to play next week at the Italian Open in Rome.
It broke down the costs into staffing, building the car, research and development and running the car, which means going racing.
“In 2015, based on its expectations about future performance of certain universal life policies, Transamerica prospectively increased monthly rates of these older policies,” he said.
Americans have a whole new object of distrust.
“Of course, I think that’s why it did.” When Amanda Hesser was collecting recipe suggestions from readers for “ The Essential New York Times Cookbook ,” published in 2010, 247 people nominated the torte.
“He would be pleased that ‘Arturo Ui’ was getting produced, but saddened that the dangers he wrote about are so present in the United States today,” he said.
Poetry is inseparable from the idea of a voice — from singing.
Shanina and I will share a side of turkey bacon or sausage, and to drink, it’s always unsweetened iced tea.
In the United States, she became a textile artist, and her art focused on the oppressed and voiceless, without referring to her own history.
By then Mr. Kanjo seemed unsure of what was even happening in the operation, saying he at first mistook Turkish airstrikes for American.
The role of religion in political debate, perhaps best exemplified by Mr. Cruz’s courting of evangelical voters with vows to defund Planned Parenthood, is baffling for a country that stakes its identity on secularism.
In 2013, the Bloomberg administration had this statistic where they realized, 75 percent of New York City’s greenhouse gas emissions are from energy in buildings.
The most prominent of the groups is Campaign for One New York, which has hired the mayor’s top outside political consultants and, as a nonprofit, has raised money for his political agenda outside the city’s limits on campaign donations.
“I love this about them, and I like to think I’m up for anything, too.
“Kinmen people have a very clear sense of their identity,” said Chou Yang-sun, a professor who focuses on mainland affairs at National Quemoy University in Kinmen.
The Second Avenue subway is surely near the top of the list, along with the demolition of the old Pennsylvania Station and its poorly reviewed replacement; the long-delayed cleanups of Willets Point in Queens and the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn; and the fact that the subway has never reached Staten Island.
The debris was discovered in the sea around 205 nautical miles southeast of Crete and 190 nautical miles south of the Greek island of Karpathos.
The Anti-Defamation League, which combats anti-Semitism and other forms of discrimination, saw a fiftyfold increase in online donations on the day after the election.
Mr. Obama said he had instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to continue negotiating with the Russians this week to see if a deal on Syria was possible.
Argante’s alliance with Armida, the queen of Damascus and a sorceress, complicates matters, yet in the end the two are not only defeated but also converted to Christianity.
The area around the Capitol was largely empty on Friday, with Congress in recess.
In the name of thy Lord, Who taught by the pen, Taught man what he knew not.
It doesn’t mean much.” More than the sport itself, Barty found the team dynamics of cricket most appealing, having come from the individualistic world of tennis.
I’ve never seen a breaststroker with his talent.
At 7 p.m. on a recent Wednesday, Isabella and Tony Ruiz were standing in their usual homework spot, on a crumbling sidewalk across the street from the elementary school nearest to their home.
Nikki Haley of South Carolina have all reluctantly said they would support Mr. Trump — though Ms. Ayotte’s office added that she wasn’t “endorsing” him.
In the middle of the show, all of a sudden, the lights went out and stayed out.
The Nevada Policy Research Institute offered him a job as its communications director, and he accepted, attracted by the organization’s focus on taxes and education reform.
were reported earlier by Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal .
(There are overdubs and rerecorded vocals here, but they do not dominate.)
When you are just two people traveling for the whole day in one vehicle, having almost every meal together, you talk about so many things.
The deadly scenes were later immortalized in “Dead Homes,” a 1955 Venezuelan novel about the rural epidemics of malaria and the waves of migration to the country’s oil fields.
But that percentage would now be calculated from the 90 percent of the remaining shares, after the 10 percent given to the employees, essentially diluting TPG’s potential stake.
Mr. Cruz attempted to intervene anyway, arguing his name was invoked, but a moderator, Chris Wallace, refused to allow it.
Two years after losing its Midtown quarters, the center has reopened on the Bowery, across from the New Museum.
Our mother was almost in sole charge of three small children, and while a poetic spirit herself, was never overly enamored of the Beat scene.
He could leave behind some of the mistakes and encumbrances of his forerunners and emerge as a freshly inspiring leader.
Peyton Manning, who is now retired, was also cited in the report.
That would clear the way for peace talks in late January in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan.
The extremists, in Congress and the snows of Oregon, want to return to a 19th century world where blunt force — against Indians, wildlife, the public good — prevails.
It was not in their neo-Georgian mansion, amid the Basquiats and Hockneys.
“I think it’s going to prevent the egregious mistake, and there’s always going to be stuff we disagree on, but I think it’s been terrific.” In the final minute of regulation and in overtime, reviews are initiated by the N.H.L.’s hockey operations department, which has a video control room in Toronto.
The honor was announced on Sunday in a YouTube video by Brian May, Queen’s lead guitarist, who is an astrophysicist.
Shortcut icons for the flashlight, timer, calculator and camera apps are there as well.
Jan. 16 through April 24.
It will issue new rankings each week through Dec. 4, when it will determine the four-team bracket that will compete in the national semifinals.
This is much ado about nothing.
And Reggie Wilson/Fist and Heel Performance Group will head to the Dominican Republic, Haiti and Panama.
If a Democrat wins the presidential election, he or she will have a far easier time governing — including filling Supreme Court vacancies — if Democrats pick up at least four Senate seats and regain a majority.
“Marlene Ricketts shares the disappointment of many Trump supporters who believe that our leaders in Washington have failed us, and also believes our next president must be a principled leader.
“That’s a winner.” A designer set the phrase over a pair of photographs of Mr. Trump and Ms. Palin, pointing at each other.
Mr. Kasich devoted enormous attention to New Hampshire, holding what his campaign said were more than 100 town hall-style meetings in the state.
Toni What do you mean?
In fact, however, it is Friedman’s own politics — and the politics of the government that he supports — that’s continuous with anti-Semitic principles and collaborates with anti-Semitic politics.
“I said, ‘Yeah, but my job’s now to steal.’ I could run then, so I had to steal bases and my job’s to score runs and keep the pressure on the team regardless of what happened.
(Chinen) Sheila Jordan Trio (Sunday) Ms. Jordan is an exploratory and accomplished singer — four years ago, at 83, she was anointed a Jazz Master by the National Endowment for the Arts — whose approach to jazz skews nearly kaleidoscopic.
About 585,000 valid signatures are required for a constitutional ballot measure this year.
A selection of menu items is available for room service at the same prices charged in the restaurant.
He wrote: “Whatever the state of the industry or the prevailing winds in the culture and the digital economy, the integrity and specificity of cinema is a fact.” • Landon Donovan, the career leading scorer in Major League Soccer, ended his 21-month retirement and re-signed with the Los Angeles Galaxy.
She received her law degree from Stanford.
“I only know Stephen as a writer.
The owner, Jeremy Block, has a particular passion for wines from the Canary Islands, Corsica and the Czech Republic.
Because of its scale, the project needs approval from the British government in London, and probably from Prime Minister Theresa May.
A 61-year-old Brooklyn resident from China was walking on the street one day in April when a woman approached her and struck up a friendly conversation in Cantonese.
Despite concerns about widespread unrest, city leaders said they are ready for the convention after more than two years of planning.
For years, outside groups have been building political organizations that target voters in highly refined segments, then make a final push to get their supporters to the polls, in many cases supplanting the role once played by political parties.
The fallout from the Republican debate the night before continued on Friday as Republicans absorbed the hostile and often crude tenor of the shout-fest, which kicked off with Mr. Trump assuring a national audience that his manhood was of adequate size.
‘‘When I do fittings, I always listen to what the girls have to say,’’ Versace said.
She married William Pène du Bois, a cousin of Raoul, in 1955.
Becoming famous seems to have had no effect on the content of his brand, and compared with other recording artists, he’s an anomaly in his apparent disregard for any sort of #branding.
Later, after she had left, his name was indeed found listed among the dead.
Beggars with swollen hands suggesting heroin addiction panhandled outside a boutique selling hemp yoga pants, beeswax candles and posters explaining “How to Be an Ally to Indigenous Peoples.” Balancing Nelson’s economic future and cultural heritage is complicated by the town’s cramped mountainside locale.
“In our case, it does start with the context of 1787, but we want to bring that all the way forward to today, educating people about the Constitution.” The National Constitution Center opened on July 4, 2003, and its chairmen have included Presidents George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton, and Jeb Bush, former governor of Florida.
And he and Dr. MacNulty said the authors had ignored some research that suggested that the growth in the wolf population in Wisconsin had slowed because of factors that accompanied the increase in their numbers.
There are only five spots on the American team.
Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.; and Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Ireland’s Great Hunger Museum, Quinnipiac University, 3011 Whitney Avenue.
A peace agreement aimed at ending a three-year civil war there collapsed last month, leading to some of the worst rampages yet.
Though presented as putting power in the hands of the people, referendums are often intended to put a stamp of popular legitimacy on something leaders have already decided to do.
We must help poor countries develop sustainable economic models.
And nature abhors a vacuum — especially in a work force.
As Mr. Singh got off the bus and began walking in the morning drizzle across a pedestrian footbridge toward his office, a 21-year-old student named Liaqat Ali was huddled with dozens of passengers under the bus shelter, continuing to stare.
That season at Wrigley, Hank Aaron hit his 521st career home run, tying him with Ted Williams.
The move sets up a major battle with Republicans.
“It’s brought in a whole set of new, powerful players to the table who now have a vested interest in this,” Mr. Williams said.
Sean Kilpatrick scored 22 points and Brook Lopez had 17 for the Nets, who have lost seven straight games.
Tim Beveridge, 43 I dressed as a bearded Leia for my first “Star Wars” convention, Celebration Europe, in London in August 2016.
Get them early, win them for life.
Ms. Martínez is one of the nearly 500,000 private-sector businesspeople who have entered the work force since the government began loosening employment restrictions in 2008.
There have been holes in one here during Opens past.
“Does he feel the same way?” Abby asked.
His candidacy is a collective catharsis.
“I feel that in New York we get fooled a lot by people who are trying to be something they’re not, or trying to social climb.
You can be my veep.
“Those companies are going to encroach on the territory,” Mr. Kodesh said.
It’s been conceived as an exhibition in progress, and at this point, early in its run, it looks like one, only half there and thin.
Do you see strands of your parents’ influence in the way you lead today?
Many have denounced the move , warning that Mr. Bannon represents racist views.
(Chinen) McCoy Tyner Trio with Gary Bartz (Monday) The rumble of Mr. Tyner’s pianism has quieted a bit over the years, but he can still be a compelling stylist, especially in conjunction with Mr. Bartz, an incisive saxophonist and longtime ally.
The private banking and asset management firm EFG International said on Monday that it had agreed to acquire BSI, the Swiss private-banking arm of the Brazilian investment bank BTG Pactual, for 1.33 billion Swiss francs, or about $1.34 billion.
Democrats are also likely to object to the prevalence of retired generals in jobs that normally go to civilians, particularly after Mr. Trump named Gen. James N. Mattis as defense secretary.
On June 23, tens of thousands of young Britons will be gathered at the Glastonbury music festival, whose headliners include Coldplay, Muse and Adele.
“I frequently tell Stephen that he owes me a lot of money,” Mr. Nunn said.
Help the farmers get the animals ready for the day.
The nutty but endearing one is Barb, and isn’t too good at observing boundaries.
She had on a melon-colored dress.” But André walked into a sartorial buzz saw when, amid buzz that he might be called on to give Melania advice about her Inaugural gown, he echoed some of those sentiments recently to a Daily Mail reporter, saying that Melania was “a wonderful person to be with” and that she “will be one of the great stars in the administration.” He capped it off with optimism: “I hope there will be a great, great Trump presidency.” It didn’t take long for the guillotine to fall.
Of 49 measures on local or state ballots, at least 33 appear to have passed, said Jason Jordan, the executive director of the Center for Transportation Excellence , a research center that backed the ballot measures.
“Yes, Genghis Khan — misunderstood,” Wizner teased.
The article also misidentified the company that released the 1986 drama “The Color of Money.” It was released by Touchstone Pictures in association with Silver Screen Partners II, not Universal Pictures.
A single mother, Ms. Thompson tried to figure out how to replace ruined items, like school clothes that she bought in August for her daughter.
Somewhere along this stretch of track, our little Amtrak guide to the trip told us that we had passed Hastings, Neb., the town where Kool-Aid had been invented.
“History will remember you for being willing to let us continue exchanging lead for 52 more years!” Mr. Moreno exclaimed, using slang for bullets, as he addressed lawmakers opposed to the deal.
When she started an H.I.V./AIDS awareness organization in 2009 that runs workshops around the country about its impact on women, she called it the Red Pump project because “shoes are my love language, and women love shoes.” More to the point, she said, “H.I.V.
He was fined $5,000 and sentenced to two years of probation.
Shannon Mouland steadied himself in an aluminum boat, shotgun raised, as a thick-billed murre skittered above the slate-gray waters of the North Atlantic.
business, and it needs to worry about this.
When nearly a dozen women die a day of something so preventable — far more than are killed by, say, terrorism — you’d think we’d be urgently trying to save lives.
Among the wines were a crisp, inviting chenin blanc from Gen del Alma , a light yet nuanced Eggo cabernet franc from Zorzal and another deliciously drinkable cabernet franc from Micheliniwine.
Amina’s climactic sleepwalking scene requires both delicate lyricism and daring coloratura agility; Ms. Park had both.
“We’re here to win.” In the evening, the biggest upset was accomplished by No.
The Iranian leadership should steer away from provoking Saudi Arabia.
It is bound to be one of the most popular destinations in Lower Manhattan.
“He’s the Hickory High of presidential candidates right now,” Jonathan Freeman, 53, from McCordsville, Ind., said of Mr. Cruz, arguing that he was positioned for an electoral upset against Mr. Trump.
■ A refund, if you get one, may come in the form of a voucher that requires you to fly that carrier again — and to remember to use it.
State Representative Paul Stam, a Republican and the speaker pro tempore, said Monday that there was “no appetite” in the Legislature to modify the law significantly.
“He was amazing: so affable, so friendly.” Ms. Bartoloni agreed to meet Mr. Keenan at a bar in her neighborhood, but she showed up two hours late.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the Cubs built a national following as their games were beamed from one side of the country to the other on WGN, with the action narrated by the beloved Harry Caray — a former White Sox broadcaster, I might add.
Then there was the fact that this was an asset sale, including all of the challenges that go with it.
Yet, for all his rebellious early radicalism, Mr. Boulez learned from Messiaen as well.
“We don’t have a law against whatever they did,” he said.
Pastor Isaac Lindsey, the group’s manager, announced the death on the Mighty Clouds of Joy website .
So the professor gestures in a caricatural fashion and the students dance in neat rows around the corpse while carrying severed limbs.
We will finish the 700 miles of fencing and walls our nation needs.
I turned on the TV and was surprised to see something new in my queue: “Jiro Dreams of Sushi.” I stood up, mouth agape.
Dion Waiters’s layup at 10:30 put the Thunder ahead for the first time since the opening quarter.
Mr. Duterte has widespread support — measured at 91 percent in a July Pulse Asia opinion poll — and even some advocates who are normally outspoken have maintained an uncharacteristic silence since he took office.
To the Editor: It’s of course quite possible — as Paul Krugman’s characteristically incisive review of Robert J. Gordon’s “The Rise and Fall of American Growth” (Jan. 31) and Gordon’s important book itself both suggest — that slow growth bordering on stagnation lies before us.
My visit last year came when Macedonia had been in the headlines, as hundreds of thousands of refugees had crossed the country’s southern border en route to northern Europe.
“What made it easy to date Mike were the same reasons why I first became his friend,” she said.
Outside the boxing ring, Ali fought his battles with his mouth.
I also tried to use long down answers that haven’t been used too often before.
( Mr. Stillman, never a speedy writer, adheres to the motto “first thought, worst thought.”) Mr. Stillman broached the idea of the novel in a tweet, which was then seen by an assistant at Little, Brown and Company.
I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders — he never had a chance.
Mexico’s Ministry of Foreign Relations approved the extradition in May after receiving guarantees from the United States that Mr. Guzmán would not face the death penalty.
Judgment that is not connected to a prescription for improvement along with the necessary resources is useless.
We’ve created a system that requires certainty and punishment, swifter trials.
Last November, the shootings and bombs that killed 130 people in a series of attacks in Paris set off an international wave of sympathy and regret.
Neurons, which signal specific targets in the brain, change, too .
Soon after, he received a Facebook friend request from the buyer.
If he lived in New York City, which has stronger protection for people with disabilities, the condo association would be responsible for the cost.
Rifles are never to be lost.
Deferring decisions on the agency’s leadership and powers of the community oversight board may also mean that those choices are hashed out around the same time the Justice Department completes its investigation — possibly influencing the final oversight package.
As the prison population gets larger, the additional prisoner is more likely to be a less risky, nonviolent offender, and the value of incarcerating him (or, less likely, her) is low.
Prosecutors had said for months that they needed Apple to provide what amounted to a technical passkey to the Brooklyn phone because the owner, a confessed methamphetamine dealer named Jun Feng, claimed to have forgotten the passcode.
But then, with that investigation closed, Mr. Rahami tried to reconcile with his son.
As secretary, he would be responsible for the popular Children’s Health Insurance Program, which insures eight million children at some point each year.
Anat Hoffman, the chairwoman of the board of Women of the Wall, said the cabinet approval was acknowledgment “that there is more than one way to be Jewish.” She added, “We were a catalyst for something revolutionary.” The Western Wall, known as the Kotel in Hebrew, a remnant of the retaining wall that surrounded the Temple Mount, is the central site for Jewish prayer.
PELHAM “Faculty and Student Showcase.” Opening reception and art workshop on July 15 at 6:30 p.m. July 15 through Aug. 19.
She gave only her first name, Lindsey, to protect her family’s privacy.
The program has bolstered the agency’s status as a national model for medical examiner’s offices and has been the source of a new generation of forensic experts, producing the current or former chief medical examiners in more than 20 jurisdictions, including Washington, San Francisco, Honolulu and the States of Connecticut, New Hampshire and Vermont.
So far, almost all the hundreds of superdelegates have said they will vote for Mrs. Clinton.
The stories range from tame middle-grade novels for 8- to 12-year-olds, which center on the tragedy but keep the horror mostly at a distance, to young-adult novels with unflinching descriptions of the mayhem and bloodshed that unfolded as the towers burned and fell.
Paradoxically, it also makes you feel alive.
After Monday’s hearing, prosecutors praised the lengthy sentence.
Sometimes it goes straight to an adult aquatic form.
He proved to be a rare combination, both diplomat and court jester.
The first person to figure out the diagnosis will get a signed copy of my book, and that great feeling you get which you solve a tough case.
LEMON: The question is why should black people trust you this time to get it right?
“He showed up himself with it to fit it on me.” She is heading to Los Angeles in a couple of weeks for the Oscars.
Beyoncé did make her entrance dressed as a combination of mint green fairy and evil snow queen in Francesco Scognamiglio feathers and sheer beading, with Blue Ivy on her arm.
But they dropped the plan, which had a $6,000 deductible for each spouse, and went uninsured last year.
Government officials considered this idea but rejected it, and the journalist David Dayen’s gripping story of foreclosure fraud shows us why.
officials said any increase in undercover activity probably reflected the emergence of what they believed to be a larger and more dangerous pool of Islamic State suspects.
A young woman and her 5-year-old son were among more than a dozen Cubans who had set out for Florida in a 17-foot aluminum boat.
Some of the candidates act as if these fiscal restraints were imposed by Mr. Obama, when in fact they resulted from a 2011 compromise between the White House and the Republican-led Congress.
But if that’s the remedy, it is a lost cause: No one who figures out how to avoid advertising willingly goes back.
No one captures this phenomenon more grandly than the Met, and it’s in peak form with this show.
The generational shift to Mr. Nézet-Séguin, 41, from Mr. Levine, 72, who stepped down last month after years of uncertainty and cancellations because of health problems, comes at a challenging time for the Met, the nation’s largest performing arts institution — and for opera.
During high school, Eddie and his father were homeless on several occasions for extended periods.
“You blink your eyes, and the next thing you know, Jackson’s shooting two free throws, and now we’re down 5, and now we’re going home,” Hayes said, adding, “The farther you go, the more important the game, the bigger risk you run, and if you don’t come out the winner, it gets harder and harder and tougher to deal with.” Given how last weekend’s games unfolded for Notre Dame (24-11) and Wisconsin (22-13), a dramatic finish seemed preordained.
In a gallery further along in the show, a marble statue of Athena, carved around 170 B.C., towers more than 13 feet tall.
This disparity speaks to an athletic Golden State defense of interchangeable parts but also to Cleveland’s lack of the same and its poor defensive habits.
More private lenders are marketing parent loans, including Citizens Bank and online lenders like SoFi, as college costs continue to increase and the student debt burden grows.
Though Mr. Renzi played the host, the role of guiding the bloc rests largely on the shoulders of Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, the leader of Europe’s strongest economy.
On ne pouvait pas faire marche arrière vers l’entrée principale et la rue, parce que les tireurs venaient de là.
She was Mr. Abaaoud’s first cousin, according to a close friend who was later questioned by the police and who later talked to French news outlets.
Curry, the two-time league most valuable player, paled in comparison to Westbrook, missing 14 of his 20 shots, turning the ball over six times, weaving little of the magic that had made him a global sensation, biting on a mouth guard as he chewed up opposing defenses.
The books are banned in mainland China, where the message about politics and politicians is tightly controlled.
And we need to bring our debt under control, make our economy stronger.
425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, 212-967-7555, publictheater.org.
Francis’ recipe for chicken mafe , adapted from his host’s, accompanies the article and is sublime.
“We are all aware it’s not going to stay forever, you know,” he said.
And a glass-half-full fan or coach might even see opportunity in the injuries.
The Rolling Stones are top earners, with a lifetime $1.84 billion, while U2 comes second at $1.67 billion.
And the fact that the crowd that had gathered on Tuesday would be too large for the Council chambers, and require several overflow rooms across the street.
The five players, some of the world’s most prominent women’s athletes, said they were being shortchanged on everything from bonuses to appearance fees to per diems.
plans that are even more attractive by including deductibles and co-payments, which employers have relied on to lower premiums in other types of plans.
BAM Rose Cinemas, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, 718-636-4100, bam.org.
“I never let things get to my head when I played, and I will not let them get to my head as a coach, either.” One of Madrid’s greatest idols as a player, Zidane became the coach after Rafael Benítez was fired in January after a series of poor performances, including a demoralizing 4-0 home loss to Barcelona.
On Twitter, the pop superstar champions #TerapiaDeRisas (laugh therapy) by posting cartoons and internet memes, and she frequently shares words of encouragement with her fans (“To be successful in life, you have to love all of the versions of yourself,” she recently wrote on Instagram).
Stanley Almodovar III, a 23-year-old pharmacy technician, had posted a Snapchat video of himself singing and laughing on his way to the Pulse nightclub on Saturday.
Officials canceled spring break and moved commencement up to April 28, rushing to finish the semester before funding goes dry.
Exhibit A is a 2006 People magazine article about Donald and Melania Trump.
The bank is seeking to sell shares by early May to meet capital requirements set by the European Central Bank.
nominated John McCain, whose platform included a call for a “cap and trade” system — that is, a system that restricts emissions, but allows pollution permits to be bought and sold — to limit greenhouse gases.
Mr. Bolaños, his right leg still raw and blistered, said the owner had allowed him to keep cat food at the store and spend his days there hanging out and feeding stray cats.
L’Atelier de Joël Robuchon, his counter restaurant in the Four Seasons hotel , closed four years ago.
After three hours of hiking, she asked when they would get there.
“The mainstream markets that most people rely on are generally pretty expensive, with anemic yields,” he said.
“We think it is unlikely to be of significant scale given there are limited ways of replenishing” capital once it has been allocated to offset equity holdings, HSBC said in a research note.
Print advertising revenue dropped 9 percent, and digital advertising revenue fell about 1 percent, to $42 million, a figure that represents about a third of the company’s total ad revenue.
And I had been so browbeaten, heard I was going to be fired, that they were going to send in an action director.
“A few years ago, when we showed up at a V.C.
She captured them at the moment that they looked up and saw her shooting.
Without revealing anything further to anyone — this is a mystery, after all!
Disney, which is essentially his landlord, promotes it as its first foray into “farm-to-fork cuisine.” The design was inspired by turn-of-the century Florida architecture.
Ms. Butler, 27, said the greater concern would be helping local groups raise money to help women who can’t afford to travel to Washington.
The two Taurus executives were accused of negotiating a second sale of 11,000 weapons in 2015 when Brazil’s Federal Police moved in.
“We mythologize those that challenge authority and do whatever they want and get away with it,” he said.
THE BOOK OF ARON , by Jim Shepard.
The statement by the leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, made in a nationally televised speech, was the latest in a series of signals that Iran’s senior leadership was not likely to allow any easing of hostility toward the United States.
Once you consult more precise numbers, they argue, you find that drivers typically work longer hours when it is in their financial interest to do so.
Weekdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Locust Grove, Samuel Morse Historic Site, 2683 South Road (Route 9).
With no resolution, he stayed home for the world championships.
He no longer works with the company, a spokeswoman for the network said.
About 4 p.m., finally, everyone had gone, and I was emotionally and physically exhausted, in need of a nap.
Next comes the heavier lifting for Jackson, building effectively around Kristaps Porzingis and solving the riddle of what remains of Carmelo Anthony’s Knicks career.
They are also making a research voyage to Switzerland because the restaurant’s first chef, Albert Stockli, came from there, and they want to commune with the roots of his cooking.
Syrian soldiers at the ruins of the Temple of Baal in Palmyra last year.
It has produced academic studies and irreverent analyses, like one that boiled down the differences to this: “Basically, if you live in New England and want to join a militia, then New Hampshire is for you.
“You have a choice in consuming more than you use,” Mr. Buffett says of calorie consumption.
The McKinsey theory has surface appeal — after all, it is easy to make fun of consultants and their PowerPoint presentations.
Here, as on many campuses, food is not merely something to complain about.
Wheeler had Tommy John and forearm operations in early 2015 and did not return to the majors in the second half of the 2016 season as originally expected after several minor setbacks.
You’re a Canadian!” the man shouted.
Structurally, “Silk Stockings” is similar to “Funny Face,” another musical ode to Paris released earlier in 1957, wherein Mr. Astaire’s glib fashion photographer successfully wooed Audrey Hepburn’s diffident beatnik.
Much of our understanding of how the brain works has come through studies of people whose brains didn’t work.
“The move seems unlikely to change the practice of relying on cash.
World leaders are heading to New York for the annual United Nations General Assembly, where the Syrian conflict, the refugee crisis, global warming and North Korea’s increasingly sophisticated nuclear program will figure large.
When he moved to the streets as an officer, he was assigned to patrol the Upper West Side.
tournament round-of-16 confrontation Friday in Philadelphia against top-seeded North Carolina.
There was more of a boxing style.
Serve this peach cobbler warm with ice cream.
“We’re seeing a lot of support.
The user interface is straightforward but multilayered.
They would race up and down the stairs of a large student house, surprising each other at every turn; their obvious joy was highly contagious.
They described it as a remote place where screams could be drowned out by planes overhead.
The prince has kept his distance from the Council of Senior Scholars, the mostly elderly clerics who set official religious policy and often release religious opinions that young Saudis mock as being out of touch with modern life.
I watched him walk with it, a little stiffly, past the Moreton Bay fig tree outside.
He called it “saber-rattling.” “Putin is testing all these countries, and he is dividing some of them,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a former United States ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
She subsequently led an effort to increase public openness about the service, which makes it particularly apt that a subplot of “Breaking Cover,” her ninth novel, involves the new chief of MI6 (the British foreign intelligence service) deciding to hire a public spokesman to commence a new era of transparency.
But it offers many instructive allusions, useful judgments and important refinements on these themes — and provides reassurance by its mere existence that someone in the author’s position is grappling so earnestly with such questions.
Wealthy devotees like the art collector Charles Lang Freer assisted the family financially, while Mr. Thayer spent time portraying angels and pondering how to adapt animal camouflage patterns for military use.
As he struggles to regain his composure, the wildflower setting becomes church-quiet, the bikers and the Amish now silent congregants in outdoor pews.
“Like the gender figure,” Professor Shaw wrote, “this figure lags behind the overall percentage at the court.” About 10 percent of the lawyers who argued most frequently before the court between 2000 and 2012 were not white, according to another study .
I speak when she’s close enough to hear me over the pounding surf.
In all, the race had 27 lead changes featuring 13 drivers before an ecstatic Keselowski took the checkered flag.
They expect 25,000 visitors in the first year.
People who regularly watch cable news are old.
Some of Josh Haner’s climate work is really lovely, too.
After weighing the pros and cons of destinations such as Why, Ariz., Embarrass, Wis., and Greasy, Okla., a family finally decides to head to Oddville, Ky., for their annual summer vacation.
The New York City Marathon , coming Sunday, is the latest sports event to be ensnared in the Russian doping scandal.
“It all happened so fast,” he said.
In 2008, Mrs. Clinton held a superdelegate lead, but when she lost the primaries to Barack Obama her superdelegates mounted no insurgency at the convention.
YOUNGEST PITCHER AND PLAYER, REGULAR SEASON Joe Nuxhall, Cincinnati Reds, 1944: 15 years 316 days.
It avoids a series in Toronto, whose heavily right-handed lineup Girardi assiduously avoided using Sabathia against last season.
I am a woman married to a man.
It was clear that family, more than anything else, had given him the confidence to pursue the highest office in the land.
the Blue Album), which went triple-platinum and became one of the most beloved pop releases of the ’90s, he was talking about the release of its 10th studio record.
In June a Reuters/Ipsos poll found: “Nearly half of Trump’s supporters described African-Americans as more ‘violent’ than whites.
The number of washing machines recalled, which includes 34 models of Samsung’s top-loading washers, exceeds the 1.9 million Galaxy Note smartphones that Samsung and the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled last month.
But had there been a guilty verdict, Porsche SE might have been compelled to repay €800 million in what prosecutors said were ill-gotten market profits.
Though it will likely get overshadowed by flashier topics like marijuana and the death penalty, a yes vote would allow the state to issue $9 billion in bonds for school construction projects.
“But since we live a few miles away, I thought it would be good to see him.
[ Read the review ] 5.
By that theory — built upon the experimental lesioning of the brains of rats — a person’s memory would be affected only in proportion to the amount of brain tissue removed, regardless of which brain structures the tissue was removed from.
There should be a lot of options within clothing and technology.” She was not the only designer struggling with the challenge of actually manufacturing much of what she displayed.
He apologized on Twitter on Tuesday, writing: “I’m sorry for hurting people by comparing homosexuals to animals.
Feb. 27, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. $40.
Anthony Morales believed that Anthony Rivera, his neighbor in the Mariner’s Harbor Houses, owed him $15,000, and he would not let the 21-year-old forget about it, law enforcement officials said.
The loose plot centers on an out-of-control birthday bash two friends throw for Ms. Hart’s loveless character.
An entrepreneur who previously founded the parent company of Diapers.com and later sold it to Amazon for $550 million, Mr. Lore and Jet.com were featured on the cover of Bloomberg Businessweek in January 2015 — before Jet.com had made a single sale — with the headline “Amazon Bought Marc Lore’s Company.
He can’t leave her by herself, and he can’t take her anywhere.
The local and state police admit that they have little hard evidence to link Mr. Hillary to the killing: no fingerprints, no DNA, no witnesses, no hair or tissue samples.
Photo Credit Today’s Poll Closing Times and Delegate Counts Which states are voting and how many delegates are at stake.
She worked on her pieces for months, painting layer upon layer, wiping, sanding, sometimes cutting, repainting, stretching and restretching the canvases on stretcher bars over and over again.
“It looks like they found a way to use my words anyway,” he said.
Above, Iraqi special forces in a quiet moment during the advance.
While Mr. Graff won’t disclose how much he paid, the gamble seems to have paid off.
draft will be held in Philadelphia, according to news reports.
Lowry made a twisting, turning jumper to put Toronto back in front, but Butler answered with a 3-pointer from the corner to give Chicago the lead for the first time since 9 minutes 13 seconds remained in the second quarter.
“You should look down at the rocks and make sure they never crash against them, and prepare them to ride the waves.” This is the style of parenting described as authoritative, often contrasted with the extremes of permissive parenting and authoritarian parenting, and there is a lot of research to back it up.
One was killed while sitting in an armored personnel carrier that was trying to protect a displaced persons camp.
“There are parts of western New York that have been severely hurt by these bad trade deals that the secretary has consistently supported,” said Jeff Weaver, Mr. Sanders’s campaign manager.
Fury, who is unbeaten, was charged with violations by United Kingdom Anti-Doping, or UKAD, in June because a urine sample taken months before he beat Klitschko showed traces of the banned substance nandrolone.
At the time, she had just graduated from high school, and he was a year out of college.
“Back on the trail tomorrow!” Mr. Pence, the running mate of Donald J. Trump, went to the back of the plane to check on members of the news media, according to a post on Twitter.
Denise Olsen, 53, a director of tourism and a first-time caucusgoer, cast her vote for Senator Marco Rubio.
Since Mr. Griffin began collecting art, he has built his firm from one focused on the hedge fund business to a multibillion-dollar investment firm that not only manages money for investors but also places stock trades.
Based on that, I was placed in an accelerated program.
Rather than provide protection to council members, the Honduran security forces and judicial authorities have been part and parcel of the campaign of attacks and intimidation against the organization.
But the most contentious part of the dispute is over the minutiae of music licensing, an area in which the Zappa estate has long taken controversial stances.
He’s played well on the ice, but his attitude off the ice has been really good, too.” Luke Schenn, a 26-year-old defenseman, is to become an unrestricted free agent after the season, and his physical style of play did not fit well in the system installed by the Flyers’ new coach, Dave Hakstol.
We must reject such fear-mongering and hatred.
We then rented sea kayaks and took off through the Porcupines — Burnt Porcupine, Bald Porcupine, Sheep Porcupine and Long Porcupine — an easy and beautiful kayak tour, where porpoises and seals surprised us, as did the scale of the park, at 47,000 acres.
So I wanted to inject that kind of awkwardness in reality into the private-eye story.
But we’ve been saddened this past year to see misinformation about our pending Supreme Court case result in pain and confusion on all sides of this issue.
But it also indicated, plainly, that while Mr. Sanders is not growing his base of support, he is not shrinking it either, and he is likely to remain in the race through the convention.
“What makes him great is his consistency,” Indians catcher Roberto Perez said earlier this season.
The quest for viral fame has a cost.
This medieval ship probably served the Venetian empire , which had Black Sea outposts.
This insight is adding momentum to efforts to convert some of these rigs into artificial reefs once they are decommissioned.
For example, should nonelite runners deliberately walk part of the way?
“Our goal was to let people leave their testimony without smearing the walls again,” Ms. Filipponi said.
The mall is one of the few landmarks that President Obama recognized as his motorcade drove to the presidential palace during a state visit to Jakarta, where he once lived as a child , in 2010.
But critics like The Intercept’s Glenn Greenwald have argued that some donors such as Saudi Arabia and Qatar — which have abysmal human rights records toward women and gay citizens — may have less-than-ideal intentions.
Then there are the dreary industry trends: In 2015, streaming nearly doubled from the previous year while CDs sales were down 82 percent from their peak in 2001.
In New York, I was going to catch once a week and D.H. against righties.” Because of his full no-trade clause, McCann had to approve the trade, which was bittersweet for him because he had hoped to finish his career in New York when he signed a five-year, $85 million deal before the 2014 season.
“We’ll be very upfront with this kid,” one of the fathers says.
(Image: McAuliffe, left, training with Barbara Morgan) ACTRESS (2014) on Fandor.
Ha ha, no, I love your dad, but it doesn’t matter.
Finally the waiter wrote it down.
ROBERT A. GABBAY JOHN F. ZREBIEC Boston Dr. Gabbay is chief medical officer and senior vice president of the Joslin Diabetes Center.
“The sadness for me is watching Jeb try to come back to Trump’s crudities,” said Joseph Epstein, an essayist and the author of “Snobbery: The American Version.” “If he has to go down, I hope he’ll go down with his character intact.” Government by WASP rule has long been waning.
At least I knew that no matter how fashionable the other diners looked, I would never be the worst-dressed person at Le Turtle.
He graduated with honors from Columbia College Chicago.
I represent, I hope, ordinary Americans.
The issue can be overwhelming.
In fact, there are several reasons this can be good for individuals.
The London Stock Exchange was advised by Barclays, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Robey Warshaw, RBC Capital Markets, Société Générale and UBS.
Since leaving prison after serving six years on a weapons charge, Mr. Vega said he had struggled with heroin addiction.
How much did you spend and how much did you win?
“We were a band of musicians who weren’t really that accomplished — or popular,” Mr. Steltenpohl said of himself and the band members, who became his partners in Odwalla.
New York Liberty hosts Phoenix Mercury, 3 p.m. (MSG).
SUSAN H. TAFT Pike, Ohio To the Editor: The campaign is drawing to a close, and I wish that The Times’s coverage had been more objective.
“We just feel blessed that our kids want to be together and want to be with us,” Ms. Belin said.
“It’s going to give him a boatload of confidence going into next year,” Woods said, “and he’s going to be one of the top guys to beat for a very long time.” The tournament’s last 20-something winner, Jordan Spieth in 2014, used the result — also his third win in a row — as a trampoline to make an impressive career jump.
But the question of luck permeated the Russian Grand Prix weekend from Friday to Sunday.
Since individual investors’ tax positions vary, it is difficult to estimate what a particular Linn holder might owe.
The housing complex had long been Folk Nation turf, Mr. Thompson said, and several of the gang’s members were among the crowd on an outdoor patio there during the J’ouvert celebration.
Can a weakened labor movement still provide the money, voters and get-out-the-vote muscle to elect the Democratic nominee in crucial swing states, as it has in the past?
Related: For more fitness, food and wellness news, follow us on Facebook and Twitter , or sign up for our newsletter.
California, led by the Democratic Gov.
Willis wraps her gold-panted leg around Moore’s waist in a sort of fetal position and writes, “Thanks for holding me in your body for 9 months.” She and Moore pose for a picture in the trunk of a hatchback.
Ms. Merkel may simply feel that she can’t make progress on the issue, so doesn’t try.
Mr. Meyer’s lawyer, Barbara L. Wevodau, could not immediately be reached for comment.
He helped coach her before the Olympic marathon trials and paced her or biked with her in tempo runs this summer.
The more the chief executive of Wells Fargo tried to explain, the more skeptical the senators became.
“Financing renewables is fundamentally different than fossil energy,” he said, noting, for example, that different investment vehicles are needed when there is a high capital cost up front and extremely low costs for energy in the end.
At Sundance in January, Mr. Parker received a standing ovation from a packed audience before the film began.
The election of Donald J. Trump has set off a monthlong run of investor ebullience, whose highlight has been a sustained increase in the value of the dollar against the world’s currencies.
“This Florida reef is as important to our country as the sequoias of California, and we are losing it faster than we can figure out why,” said Rachel Silverstein, the executive director of Miami Waterkeeper, a nonprofit environmental organization that has sued the Army Corps of Engineers over coral damage.
Three are already rumored to have agreed to depart.
Outside the courthouse, a small band of protesters gathered, maybe a few dozen in all.
In front of an auditorium packed with his wife, Kirsten, his parents, his past and current teammates, the Jets owner Woody Johnson, General Manager Mike Maccagnan and Coach Todd Bowles, Ferguson spoke about what drove him to ultimately become one of the best players at his position.
I remember thinking, “Oh, this will be great.
Demand for jet fuel is also strong as incomes advance and air travel becomes more affordable to a larger number of people.
April 17 at 4:30 p.m. $10.
The labor market has largely shrugged off weakness in the economy; nonfarm payrolls surged in December .
Mullin, of the downtown favorite Built by Wendy, is releasing her first women’s collection in four years: a charming and colorful capsule of 1980s California-inspired tops and playsuits, for sale this weekend.
You have to win roughly 53 percent of your bets to beat the “rake,” another poker term for the roughly 10 percent service fee DraftKings and FanDuel take out of each wager.
Though Schor never says so in so many words, she makes it clear that Esperanto, in its origins at any rate, was intended as Yiddish for everybody; Yiddish, that is, for goyim.
And even though you might not have heard of them, environmentalists, government officials and scientists say an agreement to limit HFCs represents a significant step in the fight to stave off the worst effects of global warming.
The sheaf of papers he is looking for is by his laptop.
There is, however, another kind, a seriousness that is calm, diligent, and — dare I say — joyful in its efforts to defend principles like justice, solidarity, and peace.
“It’s a nonstarter here,” Mr. Student said in an interview.
In our homes, at work, or among our friends, there is a kind of pressure.
And when that gap narrows, it’s safer for the communities and it’s safer for the police.
In addition to his wife, his sister Ms. Rinck and his children with Ms. Suro, he is survived by another sister, June O’Connor, and two sons, Rick Freeland and Jameson Cluchey, whose middle name is Alan, in honor of Mr. Mandell.
It’s even harder in an early caucus; the turnout is especially variable and the views of voters are unsettled between many more candidates than remain in later states.
(No performances on April 4, 5, 11 and 12.)
We’ve seen clearly that all the leading Republican candidates have sided with the far-right at the expense of the Latino community,” the letter says.
Order room service for breakfast one day or plan other meals and a few tours for just you and your family.
You are sitting on memories.
But it was also the doing of Joseph Flummerfelt, who has been preparing Philharmonic choruses for 44 years and readied his New York Choral Artists for this run.
A weaker yen probably helped, too.
But it has proved very popular in the Philippines, where residents say the killing of crime suspects has made the streets safer.
I can watch “The Lord of the Rings” trilogy any time it’s on.
players make as little as $7,200 a season, and the league operates under a $278,000-per-team salary cap that exempts national team players.
“I went into this meeting expecting I was going to bring my engineering skills and wow this customer with our amazing technology.
If you want growth to look high, take down the basis of comparison.
BroadHollow Theater, 700 Hempstead Turnpike.
Djokovic won the first two legs, at the Australian Open and the French Open, but the suspense did not last past the first week at Wimbledon.
Andrew Hedman (Jay Russell), the host, is a middle-aged mama’s boy who specializes in swooning Victorian poetry.
Shandricka Sessom, with 26 points, was Mississippi’s only player in double figures.
Donald J. Trump, who has risen to front-runner status by giving voice to anti-establishment rage against the Republican Party, kicked off his quest for the support of Wisconsin voters at a rally on Tuesday afternoon in Janesville, the hometown of Speaker Paul D. Ryan — the button-down, clean-cut steward of the party.
Out of 12 works by Muslim scholars republished by the Islamic State, seven are by Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, the 18th-century founder of the Saudi school of Islam, said Jacob Olidort, a scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
sepiaEYE, 547 West 27th Street, Chelsea, 212-967-0738, sepiaeye.com.
Follow our correspondents on Twitter .
Q: Is the average citizen more pro-Assad or anti-Assad?
(Scott) ‘Daddy’s Home’ (PG-13, 1:36) An ugly psychological cockfight posing as a family friendly comedy, the father-stepfather competition pits a meek Will Ferrell against a feral Mark Wahlberg.
But if Supreme’s lines are made up largely of younger fans, its appeal extends further.
Turning empty wine bottles into craft projects?
A decomposing body may not seem like an ideal meditation aid, but at some of Thailand’s tens of thousands of Buddhist temples, it is common to find monks reflecting while seated before a rotting corpse.
“Not a politician’s favorite,” Mr. Kosmont added.
Not everyone chose to use illicit substances, he said, defending Soviet sports as not uniformly tainted.
And in Phoenix, a TV meteorologist is seeking the help of his viewers for fresh ways to say “it’s hot.” • Law firms are being sued by women who say they received less compensation than their male counterparts.
Once again, Olney’s description in The Times: “Rivera fired a fastball and Piazza — who had just missed several high fastballs during this Series — blistered a high drive toward center field, a baseball riding a home run parabola.
Why is our society defensive to the point of denying that racism is still a problem?
Glória’s maternal fussing is seen as selfishly possessive, and Matheus’s hostility as bigoted and potentially violent.
There are always people in the bike lane.” He added that it was easier to ride in his native country because the bike and pedestrian lanes are typically separated by barriers, and are often on different levels, so there is less drifting between them.
“Gloria Steinem was one of our icons,” says Meena Seshu of Sangram.
Later in the century, the French criminologist Alphonse Bertillon laid the groundwork for today’s police identification system.
I made a mental note to have him back, and then in the next segment, he joined the silent majority right there on the stage.
“Without the police it would have been impossible for the defendants to carry out the pressure-cooker plan,” she added.
But when the Klansmen arrived shortly after noon, he said, “All hell broke loose.” “There was a period of time that it was just a mob and these Klansmen and me on the block,” said Professor Levin, who tried to separate the two sides.
Our country has essentially been at war now for 15 years, yet fewer of our would-be leaders have real ties to the military.
While “Hard II Love” doesn’t include a song as cathartic as Usher’s “Climax,” from 2012, it’s full of smaller satisfactions.
Mr. Redstone’s daughter, Shari, vice chairwoman at both companies, applauded Mr. Moonves’s promotion but made clear that she didn’t want a trustee or someone “intertwined” with the family to become chairman of either company.
Virtually no one thinks Mr. Trump is anti-Semitic, and the invitation from Aipac is a sign that the group is open to hearing what he has to say.
“The law is clear,” she said in a statement.
But his future is unclear.
A six-month supply is viewed as a healthy balance between supply and demand.
“You talk like an engineer,” said the stall man.
And it’s not just Haryana: Rajasthan, a much larger state, passed a bill with similar educational requirements last March.
“Some had inflated political ambitions and for their personal gain or the gain of their clique carried out political plot activities behind the party’s back, carried out politically shady business to wreck and split the party!” An anticorruption sweep ordered by Mr. Xi has led to thousands of officials being dismissed or otherwise punished since 2012.
Jake survives, but a serious head injury leaves him prone to racking seizures, during which he suddenly collapses and thrashes about like a speared fish.
The complex will include a theater and residences for 20 artists.
• Another wonderful Jared episode, from his excitement over running the estate sale (“The chairs are arranged in ascending order of lumbar support”) to the multiple windows into his sad past.
We either have it or we don’t.
This house and guest cabin are on about 4.5 acres, across the road from 380 acres of conservation land on Fish Creek.
Los medicamentos que alteren ese sistema serían una propuesta arriesgada, según expertos y autores.
Most believe that any of the three would lose a general election and that any independent candidacy inevitably fails.
Mr. Weidenfeld was widely seen as a man of paradoxes.
Pat McCrory of North Carolina is expected to respond on Monday to the Justice Department’s warning that a new state law limiting the rights of transgender people is illegal, after he and the federal government failed to reach an agreement that would have allowed him to postpone his reply.
Gail : I’m sorry to admit that I believe Clinton will get back the lead by pointing out how much worse Donald Trump is.
Doctors and others have suggested the creation of a clearinghouse of scarce drugs and voluntary sharing to promote equitable access for patients.
The excitement of finding new content still satisfied him.
Hugh Barry, who killed Ms. Danner, accusing top police officials and Mr. de Blasio of rushing to judgment before an investigation had even begun.
Doing so, David C. Frederick, a lawyer representing the union, told the court, “would substantially disrupt established First Amendment doctrine and labor management systems in nearly half the country.” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. suggested that losing fair share fees would not pose much of a problem; if workers really support collective bargaining, the so-called free rider problem someone like Ms. Friedrichs represents would be “really insignificant.” But humans enjoy getting benefits for nothing.
Such rates would drive down banks’ profit margins, a reversal from the previously accepted view that banks’ margins would increase this year as the Federal Reserve Board raised rates.
Reception: Sept. 9, 7 to 8:30 p.m. Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
It is a stark yet restrained comment on male domination and a cryptic presaging of the haunting enclosures of Louise Bourgeois.
Her performance at the trials was shaky — she was seventh in the all-around — but she was given a spot on the team anyway, with expectations that she will help the United States on the uneven bars, her specialty.
Notably, failing to act at all has cut deeply into business and investor confidence, an important support mechanism for markets and consumers alike.
Ne andrò lontana” from his seldom-produced opera “La Wally.” After intermission, Mr. Muti led a crisp, impressively executed account of Beethoven’s Seventh Symphony.
newyork.unsilentnight.com CHURCH OF THE ASCENSION (Dec. 20-21, 8 p.m.) In “A Greenwich Village Candlelight Christmas Concert,” Dennis Keene leads the Voices of Ascension chorus and orchestra in a program of traditional carols and works by Rachmaninoff, Palestrina and Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Bending the truth or being unhampered by accuracy is a strategy he has followed for years.” The site quotes from Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal,” in which he says, “People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.
To the Sports Editor: Re “ Tackle Football Makes a Comeback in the Heart of Texas ,” Dec. 4: Desmond Andrus talks about expanding a boy’s horizon when he travels to other towns to play football.
So far, they have managed to extract only one patient: a 5-year-old girl who was severely malnourished and needed urgent abdominal surgery.
That’s exactly what I’ll do as president of the United States.
Much depends on whether you’re down with the comic-book film imperative no matter what transpires on-screen; whether you find Deadpool’s Jim Carrey-style logorrhea hilarious or tedious; whether you think watching people (oops, fictional characters) get roughed up, impaled, shot, tortured and liquidated in scene after scene for laughs is just another night at the movies.
“From the government standpoint, we have actually been building a trap,” Mr. Ryan said.
The drive consumed 7 minutes 31 seconds.
Currently run as a bed-and-breakfast inn, it was given a restoration award by the Preservation Society of Asheville & Buncombe County in 2007.
But it was a lonely and unsupported calling.
I’m not saying it would be better if 50 percent of Facebook employees voted for Trump.
“I think everyone is going to live on their own.
And she knew about it.
Mr. Ellison cited a Georgetown University study , “When Islamophobia Turns Violent: The 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections,” which found that in December, when Mr. Trump called for barring Muslims, there were 53 anti-Muslim attacks nationwide, a third of all attacks last year.
Heaping on the extras can, of course, justify higher prices, though not all tenants will pay extra for these perks.
Gsellman got the final two outs of the first inning, but two runs scored to tie the score at 3-3, undoing the work of Wilmer Flores, who smashed a three-run homer in the top of the inning.
(The location is near a “potential future bike route,” according to the city’s bike lane map.)
Some schools have turned to other organizations that, like Posse, try to point veterans to elite colleges.
“None of these have been answered.” Mr.
That’s partly because he talked with everyone, no matter their station in life, on the same level and with compassion.
Moreover, that same rule says that “a lawyer may discuss the legal consequences of any proposed course of conduct,” so exploring the limits of the law can be permissible.
Opening reception Aug. 5 at 6 p.m. Aug. 5 through 28.
“It’s on both sides of the road halfway up the hill,” a neighbor had said.
The Government Accountability Office, Congress’s research arm then known as the General Accounting Office, cautioned that assorted technological problems raised the specter of cost overruns, performance failures and production delays.
It’s impossible to look at all the stuff Malcolm Forbes accrued — an 1847 townhouse on West 12th Street, a London manse attributed to Christopher Wren, the aforementioned chateau, the glorious Palais Mendoub in Tangier — without thinking of what the man never got to enjoy, at least not openly.
At most sites with multiple casualties, emergency medical technicians assess the victims and color-tag them according to how urgently they need to be evacuated.
The exhibition moves, with a light touch and using a series of 19th-century prints, over the cycle’s convoluted plot, drawn by Wagner from a grab bag of mythological and philosophical sources, Norse and German traditions.
For example, asking the speakers to play the soundtrack for the film “Drive” resulted in Home playing the correct soundtrack, but Alexa played the album “2014 Forest Hills Drive” by J. Cole.
This is where Hiromi Kano runs her unlikely star factory, an enterprise whose most successful creations are recognized by millions.
But the triumphs of the L.G.B.T.-rights movement show that it is possible to change stagnant systems, even radically.
You can’t go outside and eat a sandwich.
• Uber ’s grand experiment of a self-driving car service in San Francisco lasted only a week .
An adjacent bridge that it replaced, dating from the 1930s, is being demolished.
(You can catch up with Seasons 1 and 2 on Hulu .)
Solange Knowles stands alone in one of his photographs looking surprised at something on her phone; her accordion-like yellow dress appears more impractical away from the flashes of adoring cameras.
He pointed out different parts of the wiring, rattling off components like an architect at a construction site.
The long-simmering issue was inflamed last month when an Airbnb host in North Carolina made hateful, racist posts in canceling a booking by a black guest.
Mr. Geiwitz briefly considered moving into her apartment, but caring for a parent alone can become isolating and overwhelming.
Insurance and shipping alone would be beyond the reach of Paris’s public museums; it fell to Bernard Arnault , the richest man in France and the president of the Fondation Louis Vuitton, to foot the bill.
With so many daily performances, a spokesman explained, numerous performers share the lead roles.
“This is one of the most complete Brown landscapes you’ll find,” said Appuldurcombe’s John Owen, the estate’s owner.
In March 2013, Beautycounter began offering its first nine products, including face cleanser, eye cream and shampoo.
So I sent them a note thanking them for the invitation and attached a video I took of their first dance.
The other titles came from the commentariat and reflect the tastes of a connoisseur.
Laurie Goodman, a longtime housing industry guru on Wall Street and now with a Washington research organization, said she did not think federal legislators would make it a priority to address the fates of Fannie and Freddie — two government-sponsored entities that were rescued by the Treasury eight years ago with a $187 billion taxpayer bailout.
A key lime poundcake .
— to acquit killers, kidnappers or thieves for this reason.” More than 750,000 people have signed a petition to recall Judge Persky, who has also been criticized for expressing concern that a longer sentence for Turner would have had a “severe impact” on his future.
What citizens do need is to be comfortable reading graphs and charts and adept at calculating simple figures in their heads.
“I just don’t like being front and center as myself.” His ways of creating a role can border on the extreme.
Fear engulfed Tunisia on Monday that Islamic State mayhem was spilling over from neighboring Libya, as dozens of militants stormed a Tunisian town near the border, assaulting police and military posts in what the president called an unprecedented attack.
A mariner, Sir Richard Whitbourne, wrote in 1622 that great auks, a flightless relative of the murre, were found in “infinite abundance” along the Newfoundland coast.
Mr. Gentz, a 34-year-old German who is a co-founder of Zalando — a European clone of Zappos, the online American shoes and fashion retailer owned by Amazon — held meetings in the fall of 2013 with Chinese and international fashion labels, online stores and other parts of the local e-commerce industry.
NEW BRUNSWICK “The Gentle Lessons of Donkey-Donkey, Petunia and Other Pals: Drawings by Roger Duvoisin,” original illustrations.
And she cut back on alcohol — for the wrong reasons.
— Why is the tradition of a peaceful transfer of power from one president to another so important in American democracy?
I follow the blood-type diet.
I haven’t been audited since 1982.
“Thirty-five percent of the work force is at some level of contingent work status,” he said.
Credit Todd Heisler/The New York Times Photo Senator Bernie Sanders.
The worst that could be said about Bobby until tonight is that he acts impulsively, albeit with the understanding that he can talk or buy his way out of a jam — or have his wife, his fixer, his legal team or his endless connections do it for him.
Davis’s very early art is missing and that’s quite a bit of work for an artist who got going very young.
It will surely be among the most memorable of my entire life, even though no one I met that day knew it was my birthday.
No planets, cities or galaxies are in peril, and you can enjoy the spectacle without any of the usual action-movie queasiness about invisible and extensive civilian casualties.
And these events may be held at hotels, malls or other high-traffic locales.
I suspect no one who has struggled with substance addiction can read this passage without squirming, gasping or weeping.
State officials did not investigate until 2015, after WVIT, the NBC station in Hartford, reported that hundreds of home foundations were crumbling.
He is frequently filmed with only one eye visible, as if he were a voyeur, peeking through a keyhole.
Those in MGM’s loyalty program will be able to earn free parking rewards.
“It took 70 wins to wrap up the one seed, which tells you all you need to know about that team in the other locker room,” Kerr said.
By averaging polls together and arriving at a probabilistic forecast, the aim is to help people take a more nuanced view of the campaign, one that is less driven by whatever the latest polling number happens to be, and instead summarizes all of the available evidence, with the context of history.
Negotiating my way through the crowds, I began to sweat.
Unsurprisingly, sitting was not very taxing.
Though no other attack came close to the death toll at the UpStairs Lounge, the attacks collectively set off an undercurrent of fear among the L.G.B.T.
New Day for America, the “ super PAC ” supporting Gov.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , 94.6 percent of jobs added from 2014 to 2024 will be in the service sector.
Sabrina Boyson Ross and Michael Allen Grafton were married Sept. 24.
“I want to be Buster Poindexter,” she declared, referring to the alter ego of the former New York Doll David Johansen, who has played several engagements there .
“I always call him Jimmy,” Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, said while inviting him to the lectern on Tuesday.
On paper, the choices have been clear for months when it comes to the N.F.L.’s big, probably imminent return to Los Angeles.
There is no way to determine precisely what the Alis have earned over the last decade, besides the initial $50 million payout.
Offering prayers for the victims, he said that America’s police need greater support.
At some points along its journey it is closer to Earth and at some points it is farther away.
Still, I sympathize with your loss of intimacy with your brother.
And if a company is caught doing that, whether it be Disney or anyone else, they should be barred from using the program in the future.
On balance, the race looks more or less the way it did a week ago.
“I think that age is going to trend even younger, because parents are getting tired of handing their smartphones to their kids,” said Stacy DeBroff, chief executive of Influence Central.
Jan. 30 through April 10.
Carolina, after a 15-1 regular season, had the most All-Pros, with six, including quarterback Cam Newton.
QUESTION: Mr. Trump, the violence began at some of your rallies [inaudible] clearly and categorically [inaudible] MR. TRUMP: Let me just tell you, I rent a stadium or whatever.
The suspect, Malik Chavis, 24, ran into an apartment and fatally shot himself.
It was the first road course win of Hamlin’s Cup career, and he survived a race that had eight cautions for 24 laps and two red flags for 30 minutes.
He looked puzzled but said yes, then hiked up his pants.
In the recent Netflix film “The Do-Over,” he plays a guy named Max who shows up to his high school reunion wearing a name sticker that reads “Maxi-Pad.” Max tells a wimpy former classmate (played by David Spade) that he’s an F.B.I.
But Mr. Rapino said that it still had room to grow.
The groom, 29, is a third-year resident in diagnostic radiology at the Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center and at the Keck Medicine of U.S.C.
As for writing a play with an all-female cast of 10 — the other role, the briefest, is a soccer mom — she knows firsthand, having been an aspiring actress, how hard it can be to find interesting parts.
Mr. Einhorn, 47, whose fund at its peak owned 6.8 percent of the company’s shares, remained bullish on SunEdison’s prospects even as the stock, which was trading at about $31 a share last summer plunged during the remainder of the year.
“To be honest I wasn’t — I wasn’t committed to running,” Hillary said.
“With me, when it comes to the F.D.A., the one thing that is really important is what is going on with fish,” she said before the vote, by the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee.
She is also adamant about what she considers the most powerful deterrent of all: depriving people at particular risk of killing themselves of access to the means for doing so.
At 8 p.m., Highline Ballroom, 431 West 16th Street, Chelsea, 212-414-5994, highlineballroom.com.
Henry Whitfield State Museum, 248 Old Whitfield Street.
Other officials said the deputy director of President Ashraf Ghani’s elite protection force had also been killed.
“I don’t just want to reproduce 1920s and 1970s looks — that would be really meaningless.
The tennis grail — in commercial terms — would be an Indian man or woman challenging for Grand Slam singles titles or a Chinese man doing the same, following in Li’s footsteps.
“You know, being a bigot or something.” Mr. Trump was not the sole recipient of Mr. Bush’s barbs.
The papers were filed in federal court in Manhattan last week by Sotheby’s in a pre-emptive move to block such a suit.
The request also did not demonstrate how federal funds could help protect lives and property, the letter said.
The jig was up, and my winding path to recovery began.
The next president will shape the Supreme Court for a generation or more, and the freedoms of all Americans hang in the balance.
“I want to yell back in time: ‘Garrett, Garrett, look to your right!
The new staff amounts to “an impressive force multiplier” for The Times’s enterprise journalism in Latin America — something that should benefit all readers, he said.
The rest is packed into the family apartment in Midtown Manhattan.
(When Mr. Trump floated his name for Treasury secretary, Mr. Kravis said, “That was scary when he said that.”) Ken Griffin, the founder of Citadel, would seem like a natural Trump supporter, given that he describes himself as a “Reagan Republican.” He has donated to Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Scott Walker, but not to Mr. Trump.
“That kind of was the shocking thing to me, that I didn’t get bored with it.
It follows you everywhere you go.” In the two years since the efforts to overturn wrongful convictions began at the Harris County district attorney’s office, Inger Chandler and her colleagues at the integrity unit have struck 119 N.C.S.
“It looked rather like clumsy attempts at starting it, like someone didn’t know how to do it and had to try a couple of times to work it out.” Shortly after 7:30 p.m., the truck began heading west toward the center of Berlin.
Many people misreport their vote intentions and vote history, so asking people whether they’ve voted in recent elections isn’t an adequate replacement.
Brian McCann, now the Yankees’ catcher, turned down a contract extension with Atlanta because he did not want to be part of a rebuilding team.
Changing channels … For most of the general election, the Trump campaign’s sparse advertising has featured ads depicting Mr. Trump’s America and the country under Mrs. Clinton, the latter often painted in dark hues and with ominous narration.
It was clear that Rodríguez and Fiallo had spent a lot of time navigating the tricky domestic politics that surround “the Haitian question.” There are many Dominicans who oppose the efforts to marginalize and shut out people of Haitian descent, including journalists who defy death threats to report critically on the crisis.
And then Brazilians, say, have a different breakfast culture to the English.
Even drinking water was harshly rationed.
Franken recognized Trump in front of him and was moved to yell out, “THAT IS THE WORST COMBOVER I HAVE EVER SEEN!” Trump spun around and saw it was Franken.
Pomeranz (3-3) allowed only a single to Asdrubal Cabrera with two outs in the fourth while striking out five and walking three in five innings.
The attacks, he said, stem from his efforts to question “the state-sanctioned Sandy Hook narrative.” On Wednesday, the Pozners put out a statement to the newspaper, saying that they hoped that Mr. Tracy’s firing “sends a strong message to conspiracy theorists that Sandy Hook and other mass shootings actually happened and that many people, including our little boy, Noah, lost their lives in those shootings.” Mr. Tracy, who has taught at the university since 2002, has also spread his views in the classroom, saying in interviews that it is his job as an academic to spark debate among students.
One fear is that newly registered voters could be struck from the rolls.
The main character here is a sweet-natured hairdresser, Joseph Miller, who goes by Sheppey because he was born on the island of that name off the coast of Kent.
After a particularly busy week in which I was rarely home before bedtime, my son spoke the phrase dreaded by working parents the world over: “How come we never see you?” Throughout our time here, I know there will be more such moments.
Which returns us to that Brooklyn poet’s pulp, the book within the book, “The Life and Times of Bloody Bill Bucket.” A hard-worn copy serves both as the Jewett boys’ primary source of entertainment and as a bad man’s Bible.
Citi Bike : But snow-loving cyclists beware — Citi Bike in New York City and Jersey City will shut down at 11 p.m. on Friday .
“I don’t understand their rules enough to know,” Mr. Clinton said.
[ New York Times ] • Among the favorites listed on Mr. Rahami’s YouTube account: videos related to jihad, love ballads and a cat doing back flips on a couch.
And they are full of information.
If you’re allowed to be naked, you should be allowed to be entirely covered up.” (Ahong is a Chinese word for imam, but there is no obvious indication from the microblog posts that Mr. Li is an imam.)
Pat Harrison said he believed Christian would eventually win his share of tour matches once his body reached full regenerative strength after his second prolonged absence of almost three years.
reports said State Department employees who reviewed nearly 300 of Mrs. Clinton’s emails on the Benghazi attacks in early 2015 in response to requests from Congress had “felt intense pressure” from Mr. Kennedy and other senior State Department officials to complete their review quickly and “not label anything as classified.” Mr. Kennedy was part of a long-running battle between the State Department and the intelligence agencies over Mrs. Clinton’s emails.
In May, in a nod to the opening of Cuba, Karl Lagerfeld took the Chanel Cruise show to Havana, becoming the first brand to stage a show in the country.
The attraction for Ms. Monaghan was a complicated character who finds her core beliefs tested as her marriage to Eddie (Mr. Paul) implodes, questions about the movement arise and her relationship with Cal (Mr. Dancy), the charismatic youngest member of the leadership group, becomes more complicated.
In 2012, for instance, former Representative Michele Bachmann, a Republican from Minnesota, told an interviewer, “it appears that there has been a deep penetration in the halls of our United States government by the Muslim Brotherhood.” Without offering any credible evidence, Mrs. Bachmann and other House colleagues called for the Justice Department to investigate.
“That means not making assumptions based on the voter’s age, race or their religion.
“I do body art, and you know, after a certain age.
If just one app seems to be acting balky or freezing up, try forcibly closing it.
“He’s trying to do to the American voter what he did to the people who signed up for this course,” Mr. Rubio said.
For example, in winter, chocolate typically gets melted into dense and molten cakes, tortes and truffled bonbons.
“My Muslim friends told me to come,” she said on a recent afternoon before entering the mirrored studio.
From the platform’s perspective, “fake news” is essentially a user-experience problem resulting from a lingering design issue — akin to slow-loading news websites that feature auto-playing videos and obtrusive ads.
Intermountain’s plan is “the first innovative thing we’ve seen in a long time,” said Dave Jackson, managing partner for FirstWest Benefit Solutions in Orem, Utah.
“The shadow they cast was massive,” Isner said.
Lucky for The Times, it didn’t have to pay a cent.
“As long as I’m mayor, I welcome him to continue being police commissioner,” said Mr. de Blasio, with Mr. Bratton to his right and Chief O’Neill at his left, at a previously scheduled news conference on Monday to tout new safety equipment for police officers.
“The big companies wanted nothing to do with it,” Ms. Staneski said, adding that Mr. Brown had become a mentor to her son.
(“You find me somebody who don’t hate some part of their job.”) Her testimony, as Dr. Campbell annotates it, illustrates the “epidemic” of sex trafficking between richer and poorer economies, during a time (say, now) when people couldn’t “live freely between countries.” Other voices include that of an Irish woman with a more cleareyed view of the work she ended up in after becoming pregnant as a teenager and giving up her baby: “It wasn’t that ‘Pretty Woman’ film, I can tell you that.” Although the play’s subject matter is ostensibly dark, there is a lot of unexpected humor, often quite biting and bright.
As if being a gifted composer, pianist and conductor were not enough, the young Matthew Aucoin is also a poet.
Upstairs, three en suite bedrooms sit side by side and, with the rest of the house, share a harmonious color scheme.
So, that would make it more dangerous than Al Qaida, the insurgents we fought in Iraq.
But Mr. Cerutti said that he had confidence in the remaining team, which includes Stephen Brooks as deputy chief executive and Jussi Pylkkanen as global president — and was pleased that Mr. Gorvy would continue to work closely with Christie’s from the outside.
The water bottle industry took in $19.8 billion in retail sales last year in the United States, according to Euromonitor.
“I believe he’s really an advocate of Western Christian civilization.” But Mr. Duke rejected the idea that racism was part of Mr. Trump’s message.
If it makes our life better, it seems self-evident that this kind of thing is O.K.
If they refuse to do one or the other voluntarily, he has warned, the national government will impose a plan on them.
You actually admire people for that.” Fernandez brought ebullience to a game shaped more and more by its Latin American players.
The most reliable answer is passion — discovered through natural curiosity or nurtured through early enjoyable experiences with an activity or many activities.
The guardrails, known as ET-Plus, are made by Trinity Industries.
“As briefly as you can,” he said, one of several moments where the anchor spoke over Mrs. Clinton to remind her that their time was running short.
Maybe, maybe, you know, maybe that’s what got him victory.
But it is also the domain of heroes who are largely unseen and unsung: custodians and “maintainers”; security officers and kitchen workers; art handlers, wall painters and climate-control technicians — a small town’s worth of every trade and task.
One wall was dominated by a large screen — as big as anything you’d see on Wall Street, blinking instantaneous prices for crude oil, natural gas, some energy-related stocks (BP Capital also now manages an energy stock fund) and a handful of other things Mr. Pickens likes to keep track of.
“America should be at the table, writing the rules of the global economy instead of China,” he said in a recent interview, echoing Mr. Obama’s defense of the trade deal.
INTERNATIONAL An article on April 28 about Germany’s struggle to integrate some of the million migrants who flooded the country last year — and to decide whom to deport — referred imprecisely to the handwritten grammar notes taped to the walls of a meeting room in Cologne where asylum interviews are conducted.
“I’d never been to jail.” For five nights, the women and children slept in a single locked cell.
said in a statement that it was precluded from discussing individuals’ tax matters, but that “nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information.” Separate from their tax forms, candidates for president are required to file personal financial disclosure statements providing details of their assets and sources of income.
“It was almost like one of those ‘wow’ moments,” she recalled.
Several of the plaintiffs, now grandmothers (the unofficial rationale for their unwanted tubal ligations was that they had already had too many children), appear and tell harrowing, heartbreaking stories.
But putting unlikely and uninhibited interlocutors to­­gether sometimes generates original ideas.
A spokesman for Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, said that the speechmaking by Democrats was merely delaying the consideration of the gun-related measures, as well as proposals on F.B.I.
Actually I think there is, though of course the odds are very slim.
He was a 13th-century Persian, but he was born in Balkh, in what is now Afghanistan.
Ms. Stein is the daughter of Jules Stein, founder of MCA, not one of show business’s most fabled figures but at one time among its most powerful.
Despite its name, t he Armory Show is located at two piers on the Hudson River.
Sailors developed the shot in high school, perfected it in college as a three-time all-American and was one of the few players of his era to make a living off it in the professional ranks.
She struggles toward her dream as her family undergoes several ordeals: Illness strikes the youngest daughter; a marriage proposal brings about some stress; and there’s always a lack of money in the home.
“It’s not an effective way to try to corrupt an election.” As attorney general, Mr. Abbott argued that the law’s critics “turn a blind eye to illegal voting and instead rail against voter ID as discriminatory.” That is not so, he wrote in 2012 : “States with voter ID laws have seen minority vote participation increase, not decrease.” That is misleading, said Zoltan L. Hajnal, a political science professor at the University of California, San Diego, and an author of the study on photo ID laws and minority turnout.
They say Mr. Hoffman failed to take into account that by the time the 2005 policy review had determined that psychologists could remain involved in interrogating detainees, the Pentagon had ended abusive interrogations in the wake of a scandal over the treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib.
But the activists said Russians were being deployed in areas controlled by government forces, not the autonomous zones carved out by Kurds, where Americans are aiding the Kurdish and Arab militias.
Its dialogue between electronic and acoustic sounds is engagingly orchestrated, as players respond to clicks, bleats and gurgles with squirrely bow strokes and whistling harmonics.
There are plenty of ways the U.K. government can cause it not to happen” through what it asks for, and when, in its negotiations with the union.
It seems to go many miles beyond what is allowed under the United Nations treaty on maritime territorial issues, which China signed.
Many of those companies say Mr. Wheeler’s regulations have favored tech companies like Netflix and Google over them.
Lady Gaga and John Legend are scheduled to perform.
And Annie Weatherwax’s book really struck a chord in me.
But for someone like Steven — so unlike me and everyone in the story — to feel what I was offering, that was unusual.
In recent weeks, Crawford resigned and went public with claims that Baylor had stymied her and had then retaliated against her while she was still working at the university.
“However, think about how inaction can lead to the injury, danger or death to the child.
Season 1 is fantastically fun, but things get way — and then way — worse after that.
“I didn’t come into this sport to stop athletes from competing,” he said in a statement.
Most Valuable Player Award in 1962, stealing a then-record 104 bases, his expertise in base running and bunting were manna for a player like Roberts who could run and was trying to find his way.
It has created a quandary for Republicans like Senator Amy Volk, who comes from a moderate district and called this week for Mr. LePage to be censured.
He has maintained a standard of excellence for far longer than most tennis champions do.
“He is the most valuable player.” Despite Mr. Happel’s apparent unflappability, he likens his job to “herding cats,” “controlling four to five freight trains rushing toward the station,” or to being “a mad professor behind the curtain, pulling on all those levers.” “I kind of run on a constant level of being slightly nervous,” he said.
Offered more reward with less risk, coaches ordered more passes.
Nissan’s Infiniti luxury flagship brand will demonstrate a new 2-liter, 4-cylinder gas engine described as providing V6 power and diesel-caliber fuel economy.
Alberto Moel, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said the Sharp acquisition would probably distract Foxconn from more important ventures, while also proving difficult to integrate and turn into a profitable business.
Robert Cox, a leading New York advertising executive who helped transform “Just Say No” into the slogan of Nancy Reagan’s crusade against illegal drugs, died on Saturday at his home in Sherman, Conn.
What we lacked in experience we made up for with a long paper trail of claims about how baseball teams should be run.
Having twice lost more than a hundred pounds, without surgery, and having kept them off the second time, I have no idea how many other fat people could do that if they tried.
He repeatedly cited an environment of peer pressure, drinking and promiscuity, factors he said he would use his time on probation to advocate against.
Mr. Trump plans to ban money from registered lobbyists, whom he has purged from his transition team and barred from working for his administration.
Mr. Cruz’s return nearly coincides with the arrival of Mr. Trump, who plans to visit Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other House Republicans on Thursday with the goal of unifying the party.
Every year since 2010 we have invited teenagers to add The New York Times to their summer reading lists, and so far more than 20,000 have.
Though much of the early focus of public health officials centered on children born with microcephaly, there is concern that the virus could cause a host of other developmental problems, including brain and eye abnormalities, shortened or hardened muscles and tendons, and neurological impairment.
A one-year delay in final approval of the trade agreement would cost $94 billion, Mr. Furman said, amounting to $700 per family.
“I need you not to follow us there.
Allow the taste of the fun cluing to envelop your senses: “Shot blockers” does not refer to hockey or any sport, it refers to lens covers; “Net game?” has nothing to do with basketball, but with ONLINE POKER; if you are “Not on base?” you are not looking to steal, you are AWOL.
Blue Parallel and Dehouche , both custom trip companies in Rio de Janeiro, haven’t received any cancellation requests for coming trips because of the virus, they said, but clients with booked itineraries are asking questions about the disease.
The offering was priced at €20 a share on Thursday, near the midpoint of its expected range .
Apple’s stock price fell in after-hours trading.
This “Dreamgirls” proceeds more as a series of self-contained numbers — the feral “Steppin’ to the Bad Side” among them — as opposed to the seamlessly choreographed whole that back in the day left the impression that New York’s Imperial Theater was primed for takeoff.
The company has continuously lost money, and its shares have been sliding since the crashes in 2014 and 2015 raised questions about the safety of its planes.
Within two years, he was sent to the United States to lead a defense supply mission in New York.
But in some ways, that’s just fighting the last war.
Clay Shirky wrote : “Her knowledge of the power and risks of mathematical models, coupled with a gift for analogy, makes her one of the most valuable observers of the continuing weaponization of big data.” “The Other Slavery” by Andrés Reséndez This ambitious history looks at the centuries during which tens of thousands of Native Americans were enslaved, and the profound effect the practice had on Indian populations across North America.
In May, dozens of people testified at a hearing in the West Village in support of the proposal, many speaking personally about the importance of the location.
(Image: Mr. Charles) DATELINE NBC 9 p.m. on NBC.
“It won’t be politics ruled by the majority.
Using footage of Anwar al-Awlaki, an American member of a Qaeda affiliate who was killed in an American drone attack in 2011, the video also said the United States was gripped by a “malignant hatred” of Islam.
• Gavin wheeling in a bulldog to demonstrate the corporate “inbreeding” that resulted in Nucleus is another inspired touch.
Last summer, the health care policy company Avalere reported that networks under the law had 34 percent fewer health care providers than commercial networks.
“Employees who do experience harassment often don’t report it because they fear retaliation, they fear professional or social penalties, they worry that they will be blamed for the harassment,” Ms. Graves said.
We first encounter the “imperial swagger” of the British Empire, according to Schama, in the popular portraits — one of them “painted on the same English oak from which his ships were built” — of that predatory pirate-patriot Sir Francis Drake: “small, wiry, blue-eyed.” Like some character from “Game of Thrones,” Drake, “the first truly famous Englishman,” was often depicted with ­leather-winged ­dragons, known as wyverns, his personal mascots.
Leticia Padro, an aunt of Mr. Candelario-Padro’s, said he had gone to Pulse with a friend who survived, according to Univision.
(Homeowners who spend more than 183 days in the state are considered residents for tax purposes.)
In the McConaughey belief system, it was destiny.
BRUINS 4, BLACKHAWKS 2 Patrice Bergeron and Brad Marchand each had a goal and an assist to help lead host Boston over Chicago.
Over all, city officials have set a long-term goal of having 85 percent of New Yorkers living within walking distance of a park.
“Throughout the experience,” a website for the museum said, “visitors will see artifacts from Prince’s personal archives, including iconic concert wardrobe, awards, musical instruments, artwork, rare music and video recordings and motorcycles.” The new vote on the zoning request will be on or before Dec. 20.
And if they do, will the public have a wide array of plans to choose from — a central tenet of the 2010 Affordable Care Act?
His success there earned him a shot at the senior women’s team at his club, IK Skovbakken.
These customers are essentially using the overdraft option not just as an occasional courtesy, but as an expensive form of short-term credit, Pew found.
Also, wind and solar energy are by their nature intermittent and require backup; gas-generated power can be quickly turned on and off to supplement wind and solar, which in turn will encourage the movement toward these renewables sources.
In breaking down the distinctions between high and low, and serious and silly, this work suggests we are living in a dematerializing world of culturally porous boundaries (1:20).
Cashman added that it would be more problematic after three weeks to stretch out Nova and Luis Cessa — two candidates to replace Sabathia — because they would be in the bullpen.
If you read between the lines, it’s clear that she didn’t like Mr. Dittrich.
Asked about that discrepancy, Jeremiah Kittredge, chief executive of Families for Excellent Schools , said in an email on Friday, “Any way you look at the data, charter schools outpaced district schools in nearly all categories of achievement and are leading the way in public education in this city.” Others weighed in from different corners of the educational world.
But she has changed her position on that issue and has promised to make the long overdue overhaul of America’s broken immigration system a priority.
Sport is obviously the continuation of war by other means.
Doesn’t get realer than that.
WEST NYACK “Life Is BeautAwful,” Elliott Morgan and Mike Falzone.
“That was dead serious,” Mr. Corrin said.
She showed complete command of these scores and a deep feeling for them.
Chapman combined with Dellin Betances and Andrew Miller to throw three scoreless innings for the third straight game.
: How was the U.S. team selected and trained?
On June 20, the 26 properties on the market ranged from a one-bedroom offered at $1 million to a penthouse listed at $58.5 million, according to Jonathan J. Miller, the president of Miller Samuel Real Estate, an appraisal and consulting firm.
BOONTON “Garden Party,” oil paintings by Patricia Lavin.
Ms. Kusama’s “Pumpkin,” from 2015, is stainless steel, its polka dots punched out to reveal an interior painted a vibrant color called Pepsi red .
He weighed his words carefully before giving his views on the Revolt.
Part history, part mystery, part critical appreciation, this demented love story consumes the reader just as the painting did Mr. Snare.
Mr. Chong, a Malaysian, was expected by many journalists and political observers to toe an editorial line closer to Beijing.
“Broader questions about the fate of smartphone encryption and data privacy can be saved for another day and another forum,” the families wrote in a brief.
“We don’t focus so much on ratios as we do dollars of cushion,” said Mike Tannenbaum, who oversees SoFi’s mortgage business.
By the end of April 2014 the W.H.O.
It was the worst mass shooting in United States history.
One place stood out: Hobbs, the largest city in Lea County, a misshapen rectangle speckled by pump jacks in the oil-rich Permian Basin, along the edge of western Texas.
During the failed coup attempt in Turkey in July, Mr. Erdogan used the FaceTime app on his cellphone to communicate with and direct his followers.
Kljestan at times appears deceptively slow on the ball, in the fine tradition of surgical passers like Carlos Valderrama and David Beckham.
A full schedule with details is at intrepidmuseum.org/kidsweek.
But my, how Ronaldo is fighting that age thing.
She booked her first professional acting job months after graduation, understudying for Amy Ryan in Wendy Wasserstein’s “The Sisters Rosensweig” on Broadway.
DOUTHAT: I guess that’s my question is, how much do you expect to be able to both run an administration and negotiate with a Republican-led Congress as a different kind of Republican.
Organizing gave me an outlet and rap music gave me a voice.” He started rapping under the pseudonym Skunk, but a local D.J.
Many students have not been so acquiescent.
MAURICE TAMMAN New York The writer is an investigative reporter at Reuters who was co-creator of the Reuters/Ipsos poll.
The neighborhood today, however, is hardly recognizable; Orchard Street has just as many art galleries, restaurants and bars as clothes sellers, and New Era now does most of its business online.
This coordinated brain response is a major reason that dieters find weight loss so hard to achieve and maintain.
At the Democratic National Convention this summer, Hillary Clinton said 1-percenters were due for a tax increase.
His death was announced by the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association.
“It’s bad enough that Hillary Clinton is raising millions in special-interest money in her super PACS,” he said.
Another woman told me that she craves a president who is fearless, really fearless, and that of all the candidates in the race, Trump seems the least bowed, the least cowed.
On the plane, a smiling Mr. Sanders said that the Iowa caucuses proved to people who disparaged his campaign as “fringe” that he is electable and that his message will resonate far beyond Iowa.
Her brother married the postwoman.
Curry scored to seal the victory.
Some work digitally, others develop prints.
“That’s the only time the player is going to stay in that contract.
Only the red snapper in a thin potato crust fell flat with fish that was mushy and bland, and a crust that was not at all crusty.
Obama won the district by 8.5 percentage points last time, and polls now show it as a very close race.
Kirk Theater, Theater Row, 410 West 42nd Street, 212-239-6200, telecharge.com.
Martinez said on Twitter : “If you tell Utley to teach kids to slide on second base?
After those police officers died, I didn’t want to argue with a former mayor’s shouted insistence that racism killed them, too.
A chicly dressed drunken lady in red (albeit one with a single peacock-feather-like eye and a turnip-shaped head) struggles to find her footing on a shifting red staircase and falls; a husband and wife (green-skinned and bespectacled) progress from what looks like an everyday domestic argument into increasingly agitated warfare that peaks with their removing each other’s arms.
_____ • The number of Russians diagnosed with H.I.V.
; all the money you contribute rolls over each year if you don’t spend it and remains yours, even if you get a new job.
The medication calmed the brothers’ paranoia on all but a few days, allowing Evelin to continue working and Mario to fix cars in the garage.
It is JBG Companies, not JBP Companies.
Some of the most influential people in my life were coaches.
“A combination of uncertainties on Chinese growth, the abrupt drop in oil prices, large industry mutual fund redemptions of financial assets, asynchronous policies by leading central banks, lower liquidity have all contributed to making the fourth quarter of 2015 challenging with lower levels of client activity, lower levels of issuance and material shifts in the prices of some asset classes.” Credit Suisse said on Thursday that the good-will impairment charge of 3.8 billion francs related to its global markets, Asia-Pacific and investment banking and capital market businesses was a result of reassessing the value of its investment bank as part of its overhaul.
Merely possessing the books can land people in police interrogation rooms.
But the Wizards have struggled to meet those expectations and are currently sitting just outside the playoffs, 10th in the standings and two games below .500.
Only one bakery was still operating in his neighborhood, Mashhad, but not for long, he said: “The owner said he would close it after he bakes the last bag of flour.” Hunger has become central to how Syrians experience the country’s five-year civil war.
In the exuberant “Swing Landscape” of 1938, a mural commissioned by the Works Progress Administration for a Brooklyn housing project but never installed, we see bits and pieces of Gloucester — ships, buoys, lobster traps — but basically we’re in a whole new universe of jazzy patterns and blazing colors, a landscape defined not by signs but by sensations: sound, rhythm, friction.
And when those norms break down, the machinery grinds to a halt.
The operation is follows a so-called light footprint model of warfare that President Obama has deployed across the Middle East and North Africa.
“Today our goal is to survive,” Danny Campbell, chairman of the Permian Basin Petroleum Association, began his welcoming remarks at a dinner here for oil executives last month.
Or if you want to put me on a pillory (or offer faint words of praise): foodeditor@nytimes.com .
Lucky was Beijing’s first guide dog, and Ms. Ping was a vocal advocate.
That, I think, was the defining moment for so much of what happened.
His death quickly set off debate over a new nomination , with prominent Republicans calling for the next president to make a nomination.
They see a debate about mass murder, but for many people guns are about a family’s ability to stand up for itself in a dangerous world.
Aside from the weird call she received from a transportation official, requesting she “not let her son bring scissors on the bus,” the victim’s mother was satisfied.
But the United States also runs a large trade surplus in services, $220 billion last year.
FORMULA ONE TITLE AWAITS Lewis Hamilton, a three-time Formula One champion, won the rain-delayed Brazilian Grand Prix in São Paulo, forcing a showdown for the drivers’ title with his Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg.
By enacting a temporary rule, the Fish and Wildlife Service can start a ban effective on Jan. 28.
More than 50 world leaders answered President Obama’s call to discuss nuclear security , shadowed by concern that Islamic State terrorists are seeking to penetrate nuclear facilities.
“In our minds this is certainly a step in the right direction, but it’s typical Walmart in that it’s minimal and there’s a lot of spin on top of what’s really happening,” said Daniel Schlademan, a founder of the labor group Our Walmart, which wants the company to have a starting wage of $15 an hour.
That suggests that if there were another crisis today, the government would need to prop up the largest banks if it wanted to avoid financial chaos.
“I want to do this regularly,” he said.
“We’re so close on this issue,” Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, said on “Fox News Sunday.” “It ought to be able to be fixed easily.” The Senate will also vote on competing proposals on stricter background checks, but those plans have even less chance of success than the watch list legislation.
The group, founded in 2004, lobbies governments to fight disease, expand access to energy and combat corruption.
A Belgian judge sentenced 15 people on Tuesday for their involvement in a terrorist plot that was thwarted in early 2015 but was a harbinger of the deadly attacks later that year in Paris.
They moved to a city-run shelter in time to escape the snow, wind and frigid temperatures.
“I sort of thought, ‘Maybe it’s too much.’” But he shared it with her anyway.
• Arguments will be made on Tuesday before the European Court of Justice, which will decide how Uber can operate across the European Union.
What says a man can’t wear a train?
But I never had a sense he had thought that much about a Trump administration job, besides possibly staying on as R.N.C.
The modest goal now is “ annotating all knowledge .” Doing so in a way that adds value and meaning in our world of #TMI overload is the challenge.
It also changed the law to allow longtime tenants, whose rents had been below market rates, to be evicted.
to explore the worlds of two people throughout the duration of their relationship.” (At 6 p.m., 254 West 29th Street, Chelsea, 212-244-8824,magnettheater.com.)
“Even if I wanted to fight against it, it would be like bailing out the Titanic,” Hank Green, VidCon’s co-founder , said of the Hollywood rush.
There’s a much greater level of accountability, because each person plays such an integral role, and you have to translate that entrepreneurial spirit into action and something tangible.
My sense is that psychotherapists are playing a significant role in directing this blame inward.
One portfolio manager even went so far as to hang a nearly cinema-size screen on his office wall in order to get the full Aladdin experience.
On it was, “Write about uncertainty.” I did it.
THE DIVING BELL AND THE BUTTERFLY (2007) on Amazon and iTunes.
The FARC has reiterated its backing of the deal.
“If that doesn’t work,” he said at one point, “I have a Plan B.” Both the attitude and the preparedness behind it are characteristic.
He said of the misleading records.
“I’m Still Here” invites a wide range of interpretations, from bitter to blasé.
Mr. Santos resisted calls for tough prison sentences for the FARC, saying that would push them away from the table and back to the war.
“It was kind of eerie — and we’d hear this from customers,” who would walk by a once-busy restaurant and see “now there’s no line whatsoever,” said John R. Hartung, Chipotle’s chief financial officer.
Coral Sea my very first time at sea covering the evacuation as a 19-year-old seaman.
It was his first win at Daytona, and he certainly earned it, having led for a race-high 115 of 161 laps.
Steve Henderson, who owns AAA Pool Service in Santa Rosa, Calif., said that although he was not an expert on Brazilian swimming pools, there were two likely causes: a sudden algae bloom, which could be eradicated by zapping the pool with extra chlorine overnight; or a chemical reaction between chlorine and a metal in the water, most likely manganese.
Alone at home I sing this song every day and perhaps you will too.
It had to do with an accidental exhuming of a body, a child, in a backyard.
“His strategy, the best one he can come up with, is governing with the support of the Labor Party.” Before the elections, Mr. Turnbull had said that Ms. Hanson was not a welcome presence in politics.
We’re going on to South Carolina.” He continued, “You’ve given me the chance now to go to South Carolina, where we are going to do really well, thanks to you all.” The polls did back Mr. Bush up.
Travelers can expect to see lions, elephants, cheetahs and herds of wildebeest.
But on a third-and-4, Manning’s pass over the middle was deflected into the hands of Hicks.
That’s the effect of the Affordable Care Act, which Mrs. Clinton promised to preserve and extend but Mr. Trump promised to kill.
Are there gardening-education programs where you live?
Mr. Assad and his supporters say they are targeting terrorists.
Taxes also support little things like the educational system that has made the United States the world’s center for pharmaceutical innovation, and the transportation, information and communication infrastructure that enables multinationals to exist.
Weinstock, a gastroenterologist now at Tufts University, thought that parasites were to blame.
The director wanted to meet Snowden, but Kucherena said Snowden wouldn’t meet them until they agreed to option “Time of the Octopus.” (Kucherena denies this.)
The Justice Department, of which the F.B.I.
While Mr. Zwilling said the archdiocese would need time to review the court petition, he said in a statement that it was “definitely encouraging that the Diocese of Peoria seems ready to reopen the cause so that the much-desired process toward beatification and canonization can resume.” At the time of his death, Archbishop Sheen was among the most famous Catholic figures in the United States, known for his evangelism on radio, in newspapers, and on television.
Still, the payment proposal has left a sour taste.
Unbeknown to Mr. Castro, the supplies included surplus products that American companies were dumping as a way to take tax deductions.
The installment, “Lipstick on a Squid,” involves the use of animals in product testing, and in terms of ickiness, it cannot end soon enough, even though (like all the other episodes) it is only 11 minutes long.
First, patients get chemotherapy to wipe out many of their existing T-cells to make room for the engineered ones.
Sports fishermen, commercial interests, state lawmakers and environmental groups often squabble over fishing quotas, and the limits that result can be split-the-difference compromises that leave nobody happy.
“I didn’t try everything,” Livingston said.
The Winters host frequent dinners, working in a state-of-the-art kitchen that is the mirror image of kitchens in their two other homes.
Something stinks in Huntington Beach.
The machines were not recalibrated before last week’s edict; by keeping the move a secret, officials prevented big holders of unaccounted-for money from outwitting the ban.
On a recent afternoon, Ms. Nassreddine’s group included a dozen young teenagers from Neuköln, a Berlin neighborhood known as a melting pot, who arrived with the teachers of their intensive German-language course.
Give pipian a shot this evening and let us know how it turns out.
Mr. Tiller’s debut, “Trapsoul” (TrapSoul/RCA), is perhaps the first truly post-Drake R&B album.
It would be the largest genome synthesized to date, though still much smaller than the human genome.
The typical debit transaction amount that results in an overdraft fee is $24.
March 25 at 8 p.m. $35.
This season, the Florida Panthers inexplicably began awarding a “Spacey in Space” hoodie to the most valuable player of each game.
And he vowed to be the “greatest jobs president that God ever created.
Naomi Meguro, 37, and Tomoko Miyakawa, 40, wore ramen-bowl hats as they waited in a long line for photographs with Sanomaru.
He will visit slums and the violence-wracked state of Michoacán, where he will most likely expand his critique of poverty, corruption and drug cartels.
She is a litigation associate in the New York office of the Chicago law firm Kirkland & Ellis.
So Disney aggressively and repeatedly pitched “The Jungle Book” to male audiences.
Patients in concierge medicine are likely to be anything but that.
During his speech, Mr. Trump strongly criticized Common Core, a federal initiative deplored by conservatives and some teachers’ groups, and assailed Mr. Bush for backing the program.
But these observations would just be interesting dinner conversation if he didn’t frighten us so much.
Still, it was evident that Mr. Cruz, the Texas Republican, would be his last choice.
• The exhibition “ Chasing Dreams ,” about baseball and Jewish immigration, at the Center for Jewish History near Union Square in Manhattan.
A strong but unsuccessful showing there, he said, could set up a third-party run in the November election.
It has a huge array of color and effect filters that you can layer on top of one another for extreme effects.
15-274, concerns a challenge to a restrictive Texas law brought by several abortion clinics in the state.
His equations showed that black holes would not last forever.
Like many who admired Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s steadfastness during 15 years of house arrest under the former junta, Mr. Giannini, the Harvard Law professor, said he was baffled by her failure to speak out.
“Parks was able to convey both Ali’s greatness and humanity.
In other arenas, she’s talked about raising women’s pay by increasing compensation for the country’s teachers and child care providers .
Mong Kok was also the setting of a violent outburst during the pro-democracy demonstrations in 2014 when thugs attacked protesters in an effort to break up a camp they had established.
“To me, the earnings stripping part of this is quite clearly the most significant of the changes they’ve put out,” said Stephen E. Shay, a senior lecturer at Harvard Law School and former deputy assistant secretary for international tax affairs in the Treasury Department.
But again, though Michonne is a fearsome warrior, from an optics perspective she doesn’t strike me as the most impressive person to take out.
Drawings aren’t lying — that’s how he looked on that day.” Paired with the artifacts from the museum, the drawings humanize the myth of Iggy.
“Social media makes people think everything is accessible” said Maria Grazia Chiuri, a creative director of Valentino , backstage before the show.
Last year, 3,800 people drowned trying to cross the sea to Europe, and more than 400 have already drowned this year, many of them children.
“We have to take care of people in this country,” he said at last week’s Republican debate , adding that he didn’t care if his compassionate health care proposals lost him the election.
“The fear and desperation was really hard to read.” Here is a look at the most prominent rumors and theories about Zika virus, along with responses from scientists.
After that, the mission managers moved Rosetta farther away from the comet.
By 1960 he had relocated to the city permanently.
Earlier, Cody Garbrandt (11-0) won the men’s bantamweight title, battering the champion Dominick Cruz (22-2) to earn a surprising decision victory in the U.F.C.’s traditional end-of-the-year show.
“Oil painting is very much alive and well.” Portraits have come under attack as frivolous before.
It needs to build itself on strong ground.
It was as if they had never talked it through.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2016 Then, finally, Mr. Trump seemed to blame voters for not understanding how much money he has spent on his candidacy.
Often the reality does not meet their expectations.” “They are perhaps confronting violence and hostility for the first time,” Mr. Henry added.
Christian Kern, the country’s chancellor, posted an exultant note on Facebook.
In “Dorothy Day and the Catholic Worker:The Miracle of Our Continuance” (Empire State Editions, Fordham University Press, $39.95), gripping photographs by Vivian Cherry invigorate Day’s own description of her agenda’s quotidian demands.
Aside from Anderson, running back Ronnie Hillman has made a number of big plays this season.
At another point, he said that President Obama’s signature health care law “is dead.” But when pushed on what that would mean in terms of the mandate for people to have insurance and for those with pre-existing conditions, Mr. Trump said, “Well, I like the mandate.” He did not elaborate.
These events unfolded in Ipswich, but they could have occurred anywhere.
There aren’t enough right-leaning rockers to fill out the playlist.
I knew I had lost something priceless to me.
“I want to have this chance,” the teenager wrote in a letter to a judge asking that she be cryogenically preserved.
About 620 miles of previously pristine reef had been affected.
He probably exemplifies exactly how we want to play the game.” Nobody has played a game quite like this one.
• New York Times journalists assigned to cover the storm include Azam Ahmed, Mexico City bureau chief; Lizette Alvarez in Port St. Lucie, Fla.; Nick Madigan in Miami; Frances Robles in Cocoa Beach, Fla.; Les Neuhaus in Jacksonville, Fla.; Alan Blinder in Atlanta; Richard Fausset in Charleston, S.C.; and Jess Bidgood in Wilmington, N.C. Gov.
Hillary Clinton has pledged to keep both of these illegal amnesty programs, including the 2014 amnesty which has been blocked by the United States Supreme Court.
“La Désintégration,” which was shown on French television for the first time this year, is about Ali (Rashid Debbouze), a young man in the outskirts of Lille, in northern France, who turns to jihad after struggling to find a job.
1 Cleveland Cavaliers vs. No.
According to the Associated Press, Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton have each won enough delegates to claim their party’s nomination for president.
Ocean again surfaced on his personal Tumblr with a longer piece of writing .
— José Pita Juárez, a professional photographer in Mexico City.
And don’t stop there, said Russell Moore , a leader of the pyro vanguard at Camino, in Oakland.
The league is about numbers, and it’s crazy.
Senate Republicans are currently struggling in at least six states where they are defending seats — Illinois, Indiana, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
“But the source of the disequilibrium is different,” Mr. Soros said, adding that in 2008, the main cause was the United States subprime crisis.
When you opt into receiving intermittent alerts about a person’s life, boring stuff sort of comes with the territory.
It was still early, before 9 a.m. Iowa time, and he was being interrupted while feeding corn to the animals on his 200-acre cattle farm.
“They just feel like they can’t even let their children take a bath.” Children, too, are traumatized, said Dexter Clarke, a supervisor at Genesee Health, not least because they constantly hear frightening things on television about the lead crisis, including breathless advertisements by personal injury lawyers seeking clients.
His list is well-stocked with aromatic whites, syrahs from the northern Rhône, cabernet francs from the Loire and Beaujolais.
In April, the Hayses met with the French culture minister, Audrey Azoulay.
The 14 black-and-white Holstein dairy cows stand in sharp contrast to the farm’s regular herd of chocolate brown Limousin beef cattle in the open winter barns.
The government does have one program that can say “no” to drug companies, and it gets much better deals than Medicare.
In November 2014, the Albuquerque police used a robot to “deploy chemical munitions,” in the words of a department report, in a motel room where a man had barricaded himself with a gun.
But that was belied during the presidential campaign, when he refused to engage his opponent, a former guerrilla commander, in a debate, as well as during his presidency, when he was accused of ruling imperiously.
She was closed; now she’s open; yet she’s still grandly unfathomable, a chimera.
But the debate over the court quickly turned into a battle between the two, as Mr. Trump pointed to Mr. Cruz’s support of Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. as a worrisome point in his record, saying Justice Roberts gave the country “Obamacare,” or “might as well be called ‘Robertscare.’” • Mr. Trump , asked about Mitt Romney’s insinuations regarding his unreleased tax returns , attributed the delay in releasing them is because he is being “audited right now for two or three years.” He added: “you don’t learn anything about anyone’s wealth from a tax return.” • Mr. Kasich said that he thought religious liberty should not interfere with business .
But his possible candidacy also underscores the volatility of a presidential race that could be thrown into further turmoil by a wild-card candidate like Mr. Bloomberg.
Recent vintages of the Super Tuscans retail for $100 to $350 per bottle.
4 seed who brushed aside No.
“We don’t have the abilities to tell what is good and what is bad,” he said.
Martin Luther King Jr. at a two-week session in South Africa.
“This wine is unusually complex, its aroma is full of dried fruit, from apricots to mango and dried figs,” said Tibor Vittek, the editor in chief of the Slovak wine magazine V i not e ka.
So it’s all up to you.” Mr. Kasich placed eighth in the Iowa caucuses, and he entered the final week of his all-out campaign for a strong showing in New Hampshire, a bid heavily premised on winning over the independent-minded voters of this state, one town hall at a time.
Mr. David said such terms were often too vague for investigators or regulators to interpret.
My own take: The lack of a headphone jack on the new iPhone isn’t a huge problem, the new wireless headphones are interesting but kind of weird, and the new watch is slightly better than the old one, but nothing most people need just yet.
Square, an online payments provider and small-business lender, priced its November initial offering well below the valuation it achieved in the private markets.
But the answer is: Yes, I will.
“I pay tax, and I pay federal tax, too,” he said.
Still, decorating does not come easily.
The setting has not shifted — we are still in Cape Ann, the stubby, rocky thumb to Cape Cod’s crooked finger.
The activities of the two groups in the United States and around the world have been tracked for so many decades that their successes and misadventures are the subject of movies and lore in both the United States and Russia.
Sorry I promise every summer to register for Citi Bike.
The city’s five-year budget plan predicts steadily increasing shortfalls.
He said it was unclear when and how Ando would expand.
Norman Reedus has ridden motorcycles since childhood and AMC, which broadcasts “Walking Dead,” has channeled his enthusiasm into “Ride With Norman Reedus,” a motorcycle travel series making its debut on June 12.
Broadway’s two biggest theater owners, the Shubert Organization and the Nederlander Organization, said on Thursday that they would join forces to produce a revival of the musical, which was composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber based on poetry by T. S. Eliot.
One article concluded that some local officials were falsifying data to burnish G.D.P.
Finally, she sat and started into a song.
But every phrase he sang was riveting, and the title fit the occasion.
Chapman, the Yankees’ new closer, threw 26 pitches to catcher Brian McCann, drawing a large crowd of team officials, including General Manager Brian Cashman and Goose Gossage, a guest instructor and a Hall of Fame reliever.
(Photo above: Clint Smith had a procedure that allowed his body to accept a kidney from an incompatible donor.)
This week is Election Week on our blog, and each day we’ve published a new section of our Election Unit .
He spoke of the founding fathers who once walked this city and the “passionate disputes and disagreements” they overcame “only because of the weight and consequence” of their work.
That first day she covered at least 4 miles, probably considerably more.
Then they stuff themselves with food and fall into a deep sleep.
The Lennon family left County Down for Liverpool, eventually to produce John of the Beatles.
Two additional bedrooms each have en-suite baths and access to a private terrace; one is used as a sitting room and painted a striking persimmon with a lacquer finish.
Outside the neo-Platonic virtue ethics she and Foot ­promoted, Murdoch was, these letters suggest, largely incurious about other areas of philosophy.
Enemkpali was hurt late in the second quarter of Buffalo’s 19-18 loss to Indianapolis on Saturday in a preseason opener.
Those trustees include Ms. Redstone and Mr. Dauman.
For us nonprofessional athletes, a new study offers a time-crunched alternative to lengthy workouts.
This plan would involve Britain paying a lower amount based on costs in the nation where the child lives.
Mr. Salazar, the head cook at La Divina, is now wearing an electronic ankle monitor as he awaits deportation proceedings, though he is charged only with a civil offense.
A recent single, “Thick of It,” from her coming album “Strength of a Woman,” is similarly defiant: “Who’s gonna love you like I do?
A tip for a young guy like you from an old hand: Have something ready that you can always say that can apply to everybody.
“That’s so long ago, it’s even older than I am.” According to the governor’s budget office, the average tax cut in the state by 2025 would be nearly $700 a year, with about a third of those taxpayers in New York City.
Off the dining room is the chef’s kitchen, which is also done up in marble and has granite counters, a Philippe Starck glass-vase light fixture and built-in appliances from Miele, Sub-Zero and Viking.
Though bank robberies are perhaps more rare then they used to be in New York City, elaborate schemes still command attention and fascination.
In the third inning, he surrendered a solo home run to Freddie Freeman, the Braves first baseman who has tormented the Mets throughout his career.
In the back half of the room, dozens of skeletons had been carefully reconstructed, bone by bone, and lay atop 30 plastic folding tables covered in blue cloth.
Then she added that if certain emails were discovered, “it could be bad.” Ms. Renna’s text exchange, submitted as part of a filing in United States District Court in Newark, is the first piece of evidence to surface that suggests that Mr. Christie may have known more about the scheme than he has admitted.
And she made little attempt to conceal her displeasure, skipping Wednesday’s edition on “Live.” ABC said she would not appear on the show for the rest of the week and would be replaced by Erin Andrews.
The Breakdown: The department has added millions of square feet of new medical space.
This year brought spring floods and, last month, the disastrous flooding across the southern part of the state, unburying hundreds of coffins from about 50 cemeteries.
The three owners — Daniel Kay, Marc Knight and Robert Bolduc — all of whom grew up in New Haven, have childhood memories of dining here back in the 1970s, when the space had a much fustier, special-occasion eatery called the Chart House.
Lahore is a magnet on spring weekends, with crowds drawn to the city’s famous parks and monuments, and its shopping centers.
Two paintings are isolated on separate walls: a full-size electric-chair painting in gold slurred across blue, green and pink, and the gem that is “Twelve Electric Chairs,” a grid of small canvases in different colors.
The report, by the Southern Weekend newspaper, was later removed from its website.
It argues that his art significantly shaped, and was shaped by, European culture of the early 20th century, when an atmospheric clash of liberationist yearning and doomsday fear charged the air like lightning and sparked reality-fracturing art styles, including German Expressionism.
I can’t say their nuptials were ever seriously imperiled, even if Mrs. H did at one point plan to walk down the aisle in a horse blanket.
Before long we see that this pursuit isn’t really for gold.
This is the artistic dimension.
His sad aria ends with a grim, harmonically thickened version of the Cafe Momus motif.
“The message of the Malheur verdicts is that the federal land management agencies stand alone,” Dennis McLane, the retired deputy chief of law enforcement for the Bureau of Land Management, told me.
“Catacomb,” performed Wednesday at the Chocolate Factory , brings Ms. Gill back to the theater where she presented “ Electric Midwife, ” a 2011 hit that underscored her loyalty to form and structure.
It is the preoccupation of the alarmingly prolific Lebanese writer Rabee Jaber, winner of the International Prize for Arabic Fiction, whose novels are finally being translated into English, by Kareem James Abu-Zeid.
Mary Ryan Hugo Gellert , featured here, also combined art with activism.
Mr. Kenny had been fast approaching a legal deadline of March 9 to dissolve Parliament and call an election.
Ms. Sandberg transferred roughly 880,000 Facebook shares to her “donor-advised fund,” which operates much like a charitable savings account and is tax-deductible.
A debate over law enforcement access to tech companies’ data has been raging.
It must be bought separately, usually from the National Flood Insurance Program, and victims of some previous storms have reported problems getting claims paid.
Solitary confinement will be limited to 30 days for first-time nonviolent offenses; however, subsequent infractions could still result in back-to-back sentences that extend time in solitary indefinitely.
“I’ll do it!” Howarth said eagerly.
With the potential to now pull viewers inside of the film, will there be pressure to turn the story over to the viewer entirely, so that V.R.
He was already capable of that sort of wholeness in the music-making — often, he was the songwriter, the arranger, the producer and the musician all in one.
“The company is still burning through cash, and the timing as to when the CSeries program turns profitable and becomes free cash flow positive is still sometime away,” Mr. Mann wrote.
“Thanks to her, he avoided hospitals and was able to stay home,” Ms. Marignac said.
“People are making sausage at home,” Mr. Winters pointed out.
Analysts said, however, that the potential market for new military contracts with Vietnam was likely to be limited in the near term.
NATHAN EOVALDI, 4 STARTS The only starter to make it into the eighth inning this season, he faced one batter in the eighth in his last start.
With minimal dialogue and graceful editing, Mr. Davis and the screenwriter Luke Davies convey the Dickensian dimensions of Saroo’s situation.
In a politically fractious country troubled by monumental security challenges, Israel’s military has long served as an equalizer and unifier, a “people’s army” that, at least in the eyes of the Jewish majority, reflected the general interest.
In a fast-paced first half, North Carolina emerged with a 39-34 lead on the strength of seven-for-nine shooting from three-point range.
On Monday, many protesters defied an order by the Army Corps of Engineers to leave a campsite north of the Cannonball River.
Each year Catalonia licenses up to 25 mariscadors, or professional gatherers, to collect and sell purple sea urchin, with a maximum catch of 330 pounds per day.
The flatbread was an oversize oval, blackened at the edges and bulky with tomatoes, mozzarella and ricotta-arugula pesto.
Finally, Orlando got an infusion of unconditional love from specially trained experts.
“I thought to myself, ‘I’ve got to get out of here,’ ” he said.
At the museum, Ms. Pasternak replaced Arnold L. Lehman, who also encouraged provocative shows on hip-hop culture , “Star Wars” and graffiti art.
The Lions have done much more than fill in during their first season, and on Tuesday they will play Royal Challengers Bangalore for a spot in the final after finishing the regular season in first place with a 9-5 record.
“In a scary world and in a scary time of your life, it’s wonderful to have it.” “You can drink and you can take Xanax or you can join SoulCycle ,” he said.
(The queen’s actual birthday is April 21, but official celebrations are held on different dates across the Commonwealth; in Britain, they are on June 11 this year.)
Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com .
What would you like to see here?
It includes images of the San Bernardino, Calif., attackers, masked terrorists standing in front of Arabic script, exploding oil infrastructure and throngs of people running toward a border barrier.
But how does a coach, particularly an inexperienced one like Zidane, build a reliable team plan around one player’s extrasensory perception?
Even more recent was the habit of drinking cow milk, an innovation of Northern Europeans.
HEMPSTEAD “In Print,” group show.
At first, Richie’s a statue surrounded by a sea of thrashing fans, but eventually he opens his mouth to scream — although no sound comes out.
Then there is his credibility, a product of his many years in the game and his ability to stay on the cutting edge through the use of technology for recruiting and game preparation.
We arrived at 1 a.m., only to discover we were unfashionably early and virtually on our own.
“The problem is that she was just such a Hillary supporter,” said Mr. Rendell, who led the committee at the end of the administration of President Clinton.
Gene Kranz as flight director for Apollo 13 mission in 1970, autographed with “Failure is not an option.” Allan Needell, curator of the museum’s space history division, said there are also plans to exhibit the mangled remains of an Apollo 11 engine, which were rediscovered a few years ago during underwater expeditions off the Florida coast.
But be prepared to shuffle those blocks around and be creative.
Mr. Fuentes’s coach on the Mexican show, the actress and singer Lucero Hogaza León, described him on Twitter as a “great man” who brought joy to those around him.
Unsurprisingly, Mr. Berg and Mr. Wahlberg say that “Patriots Day” holds resonance, no matter what the viewers’ political bent, be they, in the director’s words, “the most liberal Bernie-Sanders-hugging neo-Democrat in the world” or “neoconservatives that I know, good friends that are on the far other side.” “We get asked this a lot, about our politics, and we’re just not going to get into it,” Mr. Berg said, sitting with Mr. Wahlberg this week to chat with the Bagger in a suite at the Carlyle Hotel.
His whole sense of identity is shaken.
The Saudi move came shortly after Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain visited the Persian Gulf and said she would deepen defense cooperation with governments in the region in their pushback against what she called “Iran’s aggressive regional actions.” Cluster bombs, dropped by air or fired by artillery, scatter hundreds of bomblets across a wide area.
Similar research on adults has been less clear.
Last month, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued a welcome, industrywide call for comments on third-party data access and possible additional safeguards.
Around the same time, nearly 2,000 counterfeit Disney items, including hundreds of Winnie-the-Pooh shirts, were seized in Hangzhou.
The French luxury goods maker Hermès cautioned on Wednesday that 2016 would be a “complicated year,” even as it posted strong full-year profit on the back of one of the highest levels of sales growth in the sector.
But it has not yet buttressed other Microsoft businesses the way company executives had hoped.
Mr. Haneke’s influence and particularly his film “The White Ribbon” — a study of patriarchal domination set in German just before World War I — is evident in “The Childhood of a Leader.” Mr. Corbet also seems to have spent some time perusing the work of the Russian director Alexander Sokurov, specifically his tetralogy of power , which concluded with an adaptation of “ Faust .” Certainly, the crepuscular beauty of “The Childhood of a Leader” evokes Mr. Sokurov’s expressionistic style in his tetralogy, with its visual intimacy, softness and somewhat queasy hues.
On Jan. 11, in the afternoon, Takamatsu, wearing a silver tracksuit and high-top white sneakers, came to watch a body hunt conducted by the coast guard.
She shares her list exclusively with T. “Mansfield Park,” Jane Austen I’d definitely need some Jane Austen on a desert island, so I choose her most complex book.
But as for many gay sons of the South, home is home.
“He reflects and he shapes at the same time.” As Malley and representatives of the State Department, including Wendy Sherman and Secretary of State John Kerry, engaged in formal negotiations with the Iranians, to ratify details of a framework that had already been agreed upon, Rhodes’s war room did its work on Capitol Hill and with reporters.
Other plaintiffs include major players such as Mercury, a “global public strategy firm” that counts 18 offices, 300 clients and a website promising “exceptional proven talent for media, government, business, politics and technology.” In devising the advisory opinion, Jcope had seemingly sought to address such diverse duties, including the role of public relations firms “as architects of grass-roots lobbying campaigns.” But the commission was apparently also sensitive to accusations that it was infringing on freedom of the press, and modified the language in the advisory opinion to stipulate that it was not meant to “restrict a reporter’s ability to gather information” but rather to “generate transparency in the activities of paid media consultants.” Indeed, public relations professionals who performed work that is now defined as lobbying under the Jcope opinion would be required to file a lobbying report , which includes listing the subject of their efforts; any bill they were trying to influence; and their pay, client information and expenses.
“We Delhi-ites are into showoff,” he said.
Today, this problem is magnified by the fragmentation of news sources and a proliferation of fake news .
How did President-elect Trump use social media to help him win the election, according to the article?
Already, Hispanics are a majority of public school students.
After reading about the episode at the Shani temple, she raised the issue with her Bhumata group, and they immediately supported the idea of a campaign to enter the sacred sanctums of temples.
Such plans would then be less attractive to sicker patients who need more health care services.
And the Obama administration fought lawsuits brought by Jose Padilla, an American terrorism suspect who had been imprisoned and interrogated as an “enemy combatant.” The administration successfully argued that courts should dismiss the litigation without ruling on whether his treatment had been lawful, preventing any clear repudiation of the Bush-era legal theory.
If those areas, with their majority Sunni populations, are going to remain impervious to the Islamic State’s offensives in the future, they will need to recover economically.
On one bench, two children in hats and coats huddled into their mother, fighting sleep.
“Revealing the names of the officials who authorized the cyberattacks against the United States would put Moscow in an extremely uncomfortable position,” wrote Mr. Stavridis, a former admiral who is now dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Why bother talking about the first one?
Here’s what you missed .
The game has always given back to me.
Fully astounding loans (Titian, Rembrandt, Van Eyck, Leonardo) and little-seen gems of its own (just one word: Bruegel), it meditates across five centuries and some 190 objects on the nature, meaning and value of artworks left unfinished by accident or design.
Kai pointed out the call of a tufted titmouse, which he noted was a bit scratchier than a chickadee’s cry.
And by the way, I have been doing it more and more.
Secondly, I believe the greatest business opportunity to come to the United States of America in 100 years is climate change.
This one is for my boy.
Ms. Duval, whom Poulenc called “the nightingale of my tears,” remains, in the opinion of many critics, the foremost interpreter of his work .
The canyonlands are not far from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, the recently occupied federal bird sanctuary.
Investigators recovered a six-inch kitchen knife at the scene, the police said.
The New York-based firm has given investors in the Candlewood Structured Credit fund the opportunity to either redeem their money or move it into the firm’s Structured Credit Harvest fund.
A base is akin to a corporate headquarters, bringing with it jobs in related businesses.
The Republicans met in San Diego that year, and the convention center’s ceilings were just 25 feet high, making a traditional balloon drop unfeasible.
In a six-decade career, he designed some 2,000 gardens, assisted in later years by his longtime associate Haruyoshi Ono.
Last year, the state had 907 such quakes.
Take as little as possible — just what you need.
Ansonia Nature Center, 10 Deerfield Road.
But that’s not the way she’s willing to do business.
For a woman whose life depended on her perseverance and her ability to get by on her wit and fortitude, it is difficult to admit that she can no longer live independently.
At the mosque, the other little girls my age tugged at their mothers’ hijabs and burqas, and did so on the way home, too.
The start of a four-game suspension ended Manny Machado’s run of 229 consecutive starts, which was the longest active streak in the majors.
(Coincidentally, a few months after the sculpture’s installation and removal in 1984, the Democrats nominated Geraldine A. Ferraro as the first woman to run as a major-party candidate for vice president.)
She says her office hasn’t yet heard from Goldman or Citigroup.
The restaurant chain closed a Massachusetts store after a local health board said an employee there tested positive for norovirus.
“We didn’t get covered by any of the media when we were doing these types of things, really — only when some of us would get arrested,” Mr. Wahad said in an interview.
ATLANTIC CITY “Ali: Sting Like a Bee,” Muhammad Ali posters, magazine covers, art and collectibles.
Mr. Cruz continued to defend his wife against Mr. Trump’s vague threat to “spill the beans” about her.
Ultimately we decided that the words themselves were newsworthy, and that omitting them or merely describing them or slyly hinting at them would not have been forthright with our readers.
In an electrifying moment, the father of a fallen Muslim American soldier brandished a copy of the Constitution on stage and waved it at Mr. Trump.
One of Paterno’s sons — the former Penn State assistant coach Jay Paterno — wrote a book titled, “ Paterno Legacy : Enduring Lessons From the Life and Death of My Father.” In it, he writes, “I resented the people who’d done this to my father, to our university and to me.” Paterno’s wife, Sue, wrote an email to the Penn State lettermen last fall, just before the fourth anniversary of her husband’s forced departure from his storied program.
Polls in some of those states have suggested that millennial voters who surged to the polls for Mr. Obama in 2008 and 2012 may not be so inclined to do the same for Mrs. Clinton.
Brexit is, above all, a political issue.
He was also, unlike Mr. Giraldo, verbosely apologetic.
“When there’s an absolute lack of sea ice, that’s a triple threat,” Dr. Reiss said.
Lead exposure can cause health and developmental problems, and can have irreversible effects.
It was anyone’s guess when the next fuel truck would arrive.
“It’s embarrassing that most of Temer’s cabinet choices are old, white men,” said Sérgio Praça, a political scientist at Fundação Getulio Vargas, an elite Brazilian university.
Smith: To be honest, I really don’t know.
Many in the liberal-leaning publishing world were stunned and disheartened by the results of the presidential election, and the ceremony reflected their collective angst, as writers issued calls to political action and reflected on the role of artists and writers in tumultuous times.
spent years cleaning up the Hudson River, but was it enough?
“The threading of human rights through every response of the police service has been a fundamental element in changing how we go about our business and how we view how we do our business,” Mr. Hamilton said.
That statement inadvertently spurred new boycott threats — from potential shoppers who saw the company’s decision as an affront to women’s rights.
Multiple curing stages shape and work the slug into half shells, and then into a hollow sphere.
(A measure, incidentally, that the Chinese Tourism Authority is reportedly considering.)
A rare moss materialized and blanketed the streambed.
“The T-bone is the shape of our continent,” he said.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.
Also, a huge grin, showing off the giant gold- and diamond-studded grill in his mouth, which sparkled in the brilliant fall sunshine streaming through the glass roof.
In contrast, with Trump, you don’t need to go back eight years: One examination found he averages a lie or an inaccuracy in every five minutes of speaking.
“He was — again, not surprisingly now — quite a good performer,” Mr. Reimers recalled.
There are carnivorous pitcher plants, exotic philodendrons and orchids from Ecuador that resemble the menacing flora from “Little Shop of Horrors.” “Cinnamon, wax candy and baby powder,” said Ron Gagliardo, the Amazon horticulturist who oversees the greenhouse, when asked to describe the mysterious scent of the orchid, called Anguloa virginalis.
They were now left to face the Taliban again .
Chefs identified by Slow Food International will prepare brunch, lunch and dinner dishes served with Le Grand Fizz, Grey Goose’s first signature summer cocktail, made with elderflower liqueur, lime juice and soda.
A rescue boat and other small vessels could also be seen.
y fue electa en 2004 para ocupar un escaño en el Parlamento.
Both men said on Monday that, after reviewing evidence provided by Mr. Wright, they believed that he was Satoshi Nakamoto.
Registration required; workshop fee, $20.
Her experience in the youth movement slowly transformed a quiet young woman into an outspoken, irreverent young politician.
(Schaefer) ★ ANNE NGUYEN (Friday and Saturday) The Paris-based hip-hop champion Anne Nguyen continues her weeklong tenure in New York as part of the Crossing the Line Festival.
“Even my own mother came to ask me, ‘When did you start practicing those things?’” she said.
But Mr. Abbas “is calling all opposition ‘Dahlan.’ ” That does not mean Mr. Dahlan can rally Palestinians.
Why did being with a stranger so often mean we couldn’t immediately talk about meaningful things?
Teacher training, especially in classroom management, has long been a point of contention between teachers and the city’s Education Department, said Michael Mulgrew, president of the United Federation of Teachers, the city’s largest teachers’ union.
Simon uses plants as signifiers for bigger ideas — in this case, the international conferences and decrees that influence governmental and economic systems.
“Is it wrong that I am smiling?” she wrote.
Now here you are,” marvels Alicia.
The fixation on the possibility of his own premature death, and the fear of the American efforts to track him and kill him, is a theme that surfaces again and again.
Their research could lend support to the dynamic collapse model theory, which suggests that the asteroid impact was so powerful it shocked the rocks deep in Earth’s crust and caused them to shoot up before collapsing down to the surface to produce peak rings.
That wariness has eased and American officials say they are now working with some Nigerian counterparts.
And, you know, look, I understand that Donald’s been strongly supported by the NRA.
The Shabab militant group claimed responsibility for the attack.
They decided that this film, because it was not overtly religious, needed to be “poured with Dixie cups instead of buckets,” as Mr. Pons put it.
But many are in their 70s and 80s, and few, if any, had earthquake insurance, which is costly and covers only a small portion of losses in any case.
When I recently walked with the director, Marco Ciatti, through its cavernous spaces, I saw one young woman in her white lab coat and jeans sitting on a stool with a fine paintbrush applying careful crosshatching — two-way strokes — to a “Last Supper” disciple’s almost-finished pink robe.
Rather than re-emerging from his chrysalis of silence with a newfound humility, Mr. Trump accused Senator Ted Cruz’s campaign of rigging the caucuses by sending official-looking “voter violation” notices and by suggesting on caucus night that Ben Carson was ending his campaign.
“We must ask: Why wait one more week before the fighting stops?” read a statement laced with irritation issued by the chief executive of Mercy Corps, Neal Keny-Guyer .
Within the field of international law, the prosecutions of the C.I.A.
“And I’ve got to tell you, Caroline and Catherine are better behaved than a presidential candidate who responds by insulting everyone every day.” Mr. Cruz also said he did not know anyone “who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way having his finger on the button” and questioned whether Mr. Trump might skip this week’s New Hampshire debate, as well.
“Our values are not shaped by the N.B.A.
Justice Jeffrey Oing's ruled on an issue that is central to whether the insurers will pay for a class-action settlement brought by more than 5,000 retired players who accused the N.F.L.
MANCHESTER, N.H. — Tales of Jeb Bush’s demise were overstated.
The campaign gained strength in 2013, when Republicans seized on management failures to allege that I.R.S.
“Anytime I hit and got out, I got booed.
To do so, Mr. Slimane also created a model of an all-powerful aesthetic mastermind that has since been adopted by Alessandro Michele at Gucci and has become the dream of many designers.
She was like a 7-year-old in a grown-up’s body, with teenage hair, hair that was her shield and tent and quiet room.
(Image: Fred Armisen, left, and Carrie Brownstein)
Then, Silence ” (Reporter’s Notebook, front page, Feb. 15): The beheading of Abu al-Majd, a young Syrian police officer, who wanted only “a secure life, married, with someone I love, in a place with no clashes, no fear,” is an example of the tragedy and stupidity of war.
4 Atlanta Hawks vs. No.
It was an onerous task.
What his presence meant, besides the fact he deems the matter important, is unclear.
The latest charges, published on Wednesday , claim that Google used its sway over its Android mobile operating system to favor its digital services like online search over those of rivals.
Combinatorial chemistry, which emerged in the 1980s and was adopted by the pharmaceutical industry in the 1990s, enabled chemists to rapidly generate immense libraries of potentially novel drugs by mixing and matching their molecular building blocks.
Cupid, the winner of last month’s $900,000 Rebel Stakes, is the early 2-1 favorite in the $1 million Arkansas Derby on Saturday.
Bone was the fellow in a red sweater who rose to his feet near the end of Sunday night’s town hall debate.
These days, he said, everyone wants to be a superstar.
4-seeded Iowa State, which beat Iona, 94-81.
Takata’s airbags, and the explosive material used to make them, are at the center of the largest auto safety recall in history.
Now, the protocol is that both he and Mr. Moyer review such articles, Mr. Cook said.
Less than a year after publication, my publisher, Hachette, told me they were mulching the tens of thousands of remaining copies of my book, “Man Made: A Stupid Quest for Masculinity,” and suggested I purchase copies while they still existed.
Despite an implausible ending devoid of consequence, “Don’t Worry Baby” benefits from tidy editing, cinematography and, most of all, the presence of the seasoned Mr. McDonald and Ms. Balsam.
The courts will have to make sure it does not disproportionately penalize minority defendants.
It is a pilgrimage of sorts.
He sounded wistful recalling that Stone’s first proposal for the Kennedy Center was a saucer-shaped structure that reached out to the river.
A union spokesman said protesters were expected to return to the gym on Wednesday morning.
She turned to Len and asked for his hand.
Vojin Jaksic returned to Roush Fenway Racing as the research and development/special projects manager after serving in similar positions at Michael Waltrip Racing and Joe Gibbs Racing.
“Tomorrow, there will be another photo.
It’s been a gradual widening.” “The thing that’s been so pronounced and remarkable is the complete lack of humor or jocularity,” Ms. Smith added.
Their message is, We can do better than this!
And in midcareer, Patrick Kelly , renowned not just for bright button embellishments but for his seizing back of racist figures like the pickaninny and golliwog, and Willi Smith , who found mass success designing for a new wave of working women, mixing patterns with joyful abandon.
NATIONAL A news analysis article on Tuesday about President Obama’s reaction to the killing of police officers in Baton Rouge, La., misstated the number of police officers who were killed in a shooting in Dallas.
The modern glass and concrete building (rendering, above) will have 70 rooms in Oberlin’s Green Arts District, a continuing development modeled on environmental stewardship and community sustainability.
Before mounting their new “Mikado,” the New Yorkers sought advice, listened to critics and sent out casting calls that stressed a desire for diversity.
While developing the campaign, the environmental advocates closely examined the messaging tactics of the same-sex marriage efforts — particularly the message that the issue affects individual lives beyond the gay community.
Forty of them are international.
“It helps that he speaks a few languages.
was added this year as the newest beneficiary organization supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, the only one of the eight groups whose work extends beyond the New York area.
Even The Times’s public relations team chided me for not having told them in advance about my role in the series, expressing skepticism that I knew nothing of it beforehand.
The main pieces in “Inferno” include a lethal virus and a megalomaniacal billionaire (Ben Foster), who apparently took his TED Talk too seriously.
That handshake, legend has it, was the foundation of one of the most lucrative partnerships in the history of sports.
In America, idled steelworkers are contemplating how to live off the land.
When you face an uncertain future, diversity isn’t a bad weapon.
Rebecca R. Ruiz’s indefatigable reporting also revealed that the World Anti-Doping Agency did little except twiddle its test tubes.
By cutting back and forth between their intertwining stories, and between their current lives in the English city of Sheffield and their left-behind lives in India, Mr. Sahota creates an ensemble portrait of young immigrants struggling to find work, to sort out their love lives, to come to terms with duty and tradition and their own confused ambitions.
“I had tagliatelle tossed in butter with fresh-shaved truffles,” he said.
(She might want to reach out to them and ask.)
“Synapses: Threads for Thought.” May 21 through April 9.
officials that the network of conservative philanthropists assembled by Charles G. and David H. Koch is far along in building a sophisticated turnout infrastructure that could give Republican candidates an advantage in November’s elections.
I’m going to be honest — I didn’t realize he was that good.” The Hoosiers (27-7) will face North Carolina in the round of 16 next weekend in Philadelphia.
Examples include contaminated waterways, mass species extinction, massive fossil fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions and unsustainable rates of deforestation, to name just a few.
In 2007, Mr. Avery was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
On the other hand, people have a right to privacy.
Her father is the commissioner of the National Hockey League.
“We have to control the border, that’s our job, and we have to honor our humanitarian obligation,” Cecilia Muñoz, the director of Mr. Obama’s Domestic Policy Council, said in an interview.
(Ms. Boxer is 75, her fellow-senator, Dianne Feinstein, is 83, and Gov.
And then on top of that, we’ve got a system that’s allowing in millions of people to be here illegally.
“The bank has to show in the next 12 months that they can achieve this turnaround.” Investors have their doubts.
The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it was before.
The decision means the players cannot strike before August’s Rio Olympics in their quest for better pay, but it has no effect on a separate federal wage-discrimination complaint filed by five players this year.
Who Snowden was, how and why he did what he did, the operations he revealed and the repercussions all get about as much coverage as how the five members of the temporary commission decided where to locate their office.
It is a question that Hillary Clinton has worked hard to put into the Iowa ether.
His suggestions transformed “Please Please Me,” which became their first big hit.
Continuing along the enfilade, the sumptuous master suite has sun and views south and west.
“Those who live under the murderous rule of ISIS or of Bashar al-Assad in Syria have every right to say it was the invasion 13 years ago that opened the gates of hell,” wrote the columnist Jonathan Freedland in The Guardian .
“Funchess, we weren’t worried about him.
A car bomb exploded in the capital of Turkey , killing at least 28 people and drawing a promise of retribution from the country’s president.
If I come back for the next series, I will have spent four decades of my life on it.
The storm stranded airline passengers up and down the East Coast, with 4,993 flights canceled on Saturday and 2,169 canceled for Sunday, according to Flightaware.com, a website that tracks such things.
Most recently, the private equity firm Cerberus took Avon’s North American unit private while infusing $435 million in equity into the parent company.
“They didn’t chase you?” a colleague, Leon Frierson, asked.
At the snap the fullback and tailback went left, drawing the defense, as Brady simply leapt straight ahead for the touchdown.
The government said the two concealed from Valeant a secret pact they had made to promote the pharmacy’s interests inside Valeant, including persuading Valeant to buy an option to acquire Philidor.
They cannot take the green jacket off Willett (although his older brother Peter did tweet that “Green makes you look fat, refuse the jacket.”).
9 on his six-day, 28-town bus tour across Iowa.
“He said to me at Selma, ‘You will be a part of history today,’” Mr. Hechler said of King in an interview with the public television station WGTE in Toledo, Ohio, in 2012.
numbers and many other economic indicators.
Severino slapped his hands together and pointed toward Hicks in left field.
He helped found the National Academy of Cable Programming, the public affairs network C-Span and the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
The Education Department has proposed changes to the school discipline code that would further reduce suspensions, including ending most suspensions for children in kindergarten through second grade.
On one hand, the government was broadening a program for children fleeing three violence-racked countries there, allowing for more applicants to enter the United States as refugees.
In McCurry’s portraits, the subject looks directly at the camera, wide-eyed and usually marked by some peculiar­ity, like pale irises, face paint or a snake around the neck.
He was definitely passionate about hockey with me and my brother, but no one really pushed us or forced us to do anything.” As a coach, Jim Vesey, who is now a Boston-based amateur scout for the Toronto Maple Leafs, said he expected all his players, no matter how gifted they were at putting the puck into the net, to play hard in all zones, or else they would not play at all.
The drug, a cousin of fentanyl, is used to tranquilize large animals like elephants.
“We own the building next door, and it just makes sense to use it.
The extended permission for off-duty carrying, given by Bernard Cazeneuve, the interior minister, is not permanent, but does not have an end date.
For others, these conversations are often uncomfortable, distracting, irrelevant, or a “waste of time.” Our academic centers offer few spaces where all participants of the biomedical workforce can have frank discussions about race and an ongoing legacy of racism in our institutions.
She graduated from the University of Michigan.
According to Clavijo, nearly half of the roughly 225 players in F.C.
While the San Francisco Museum’s steps are of pale, finely textured maple, Berkeley’s are of relatively loud, brightly knotty Canary Island Pine designed and fabricated by the wood joinery master craftsman Paul Discoe from seven trees removed to make way for the expansion.
The Pentagon plans to give these local forces more arms and ammunition.
But like many things born online, as popularity of the new tools increased, efficiency and usefulness began to decrease.
Both let users hail a taxi or order a pizza without switching to another app.
Sammy’s House of BBQ Summer.
Even Uber temporarily changed some of the black-car icons in its app to tiny peace signs, and showed the message “one minute to reflect on gun violence” to users who were waiting for a ride.
Jun cut its police force by three-quarters, to just one officer, soon after turning to Twitter as its main form of communication when residents began tweeting potential problems directly to the mayor.
But how hard they will push on either issue is unclear.
Bonus frugal tip: Tag Jamms in your social media post and receive 10 percent off your bill.
One kicks in if a bail in could have “disproportionate results.” Dan Davies, senior research adviser at Frontline Analysts, says the Italian government could argue that forcing losses on retail investors would fall under that exception.
I agreed to stay on.” Mr. Bharara said that he had already talked to Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, who is Mr. Trump’s choice for attorney general.
Most essentially, Mr. Wolfe employs new research from the controversial anthropologist Daniel Everett to argue that the power of speech — man’s signal attribute — is not the product of evolution at all but rather a tool that man created.
“We’re in an information vacuum,” said Joseph S. Tanious, senior investment strategist at Bessemer Trust.
might turn him down, it is even more unimaginable that he would apply for the job.
Mr. Icahn, who made his fortune as a “corporate raider,” will play a role in the selection of a new leader for the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This is where artists make their mark, by implanting pictures in the underwater processing that is upstream from conscious cognition.
That is a testament to the increasing market value of original comic art, which in the earliest days of the industry was often given away or destroyed .
• In Brooklyn Heights, a two-bedroom one-and-a-half-bath co-op with a foyer, an open kitchen and a living/dining room in a 1920s commercial elevator building converted to an 88-unit co-op in 1984.
Did she break a barrier, or did she inadvertently reveal how high that barrier is?
He was on Manager Mike Scioscia’s staff during the 2002 championship season before leaving to manage Tampa Bay after the 2005 season.
‘‘After all,’’ he said, ‘‘I am a Jew, and a Jew has no rights now in the eyes of a Paris court.’’ — New York Herald Tribune, March 8, 1941
Bonhams has handled the sales of other collars from celebrated dogs.
Ms. Carpenter is on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram .
(Glenn Kenny) ★ ‘AQUARIUS’ (No rating, 2:22, in Portuguese) Sonia Braga plays Clara, a retired Brazilian music critic facing eviction from the apartment where she has lived for decades.
“And look at how well I did with women tonight.” Mr. Trump did well among women who voted in the Republican primaries on Tuesday.
“Banks won’t disappear from London overnight, but they will over time if Britain votes ‘no,’ ” to the European Union, Michael Sherwood and Richard Gnodde, the co-chief executives of Goldman Sachs International, argued in an op-ed article in The Times, the London newspaper.
“It’s awful what happened to me, and to other people, with a nod from management.”
“I don’t think that’s going to change anytime soon no matter what government gets in” at the congress, he added.
Ted Cruz was accused of proposing a socialist tax plan.
Its main effect would have been to save some businesses a trivial amount in fines.
“This time, they are no longer here.” Trying to find the fish restaurant, we drove through the desert in a small Toyota Vitz, many times asking for directions.
In his presidency, over $20 billion is said to have vanished from the national oil company.
There were many other astonishing events to come — the accounts of sexual violence, the evidence of racism, the promise of torture, the advocacy of war crimes — but the assault on Rodriguez, as well as the largely tolerant response to it, was a marker.
But he rode exceptionally well, as his staff knew.
Ms. Olson, 28, is a Ph.D. candidate in chemistry at N.Y.U., and is a daughter of Miriam S. Benson of Amherst, N.Y., and James R. Olson of Williamsville, N.Y. Ms. Estridge, 29, is an immigration lawyer in Buffalo.
Prominent in that show was Jared Grimes , a favorite of Mr. Marsalis and a smooth virtuoso who earned a 2014 Fred Astaire award for his bring-down-the-house tapping in the retro Broadway revue “ After Midnight .” In “Jazz, Tap and Theater,” his friskiness enlivened “Spaces,” a short, episodic work composed by Mr. Marsalis to evoke animals: a monkey, a chicken, a frog.
The switch worked: Two years after walking on to the team, Flemmings made 37 percent of his 3-point attempts and led U.N.C.-Wilmington in scoring .
“That’s the unfortunate thing, that we don’t have a record that we can judge him by.” Ms. Ernst is staying neutral in the race, but has in the past heaped praise on Senator Marco Rubio, whose popularity has been on the upswing in Iowa.
The groom is the great-grandson of Maj. Gen. Julius Ochs Adler, who was general manager of The New York Times and the president and publisher of The Chattanooga Times.
“They’re in love; it’s working; why not?” her father said.
She remembers waiting for her luggage at the airport and thinking, “This may be everything I own.” She had her luggage and, later, found her mother’s wedding ring buried in the rubble of her house Ms. Ryan heard about this week’s fire while at work on Wednesday.
With that, Northampton Town and West Ham waved goodbye to the group stage of the Checkatrade Trophy, English soccer’s least-loved competition.
Since then, scientists have proposed specialized algorithms that might allow quantum computers to break computer codes or even simulate complex biological processes.
The statute recognizes different bodies — women’s bodies — as deserving of equal care in ways that, to date, the Supreme Court has not.
True, there was precious little Beethovenian intensity or fire, but the audience evidently found enough excitement to spur a raucous ovation.
But Instagram’s freewheeling platform has opened a trap door into environmental awareness.
Looking at the red horse he felt its beauty pulling at something inside him that he would rather have died than call his soul, drawing that nonexistent organ out of his body like the interplanetary soul of Capt.
THE SUNLIGHT PILGRIMS , by Jenni Fagan.
Transit , Amtrak • Roads : Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s .
Ms. Ferri was 50 and Mr. Cornejo was 32.
My eyebrows and I have been through a lot together.
, and Cape Cod is home to vexing areas of erosion like Herring Cove.
The move also stoked the ire of those who support ad blockers because of their ability to prevent the use of tracking software, which is often employed to monitor users’ browsing habits across the web without their knowledge or express consent.
Last year, Pandora Media paid $450 million for Ticketfly, an online ticketing service that competes with Ticketmaster to sign up clubs and theaters and has deals with 1,200 clients, including promoters and venues.
On April 27, the auction house Phillips in London will offer a bedroom rug, measuring over 21 feet long, that Mr. da Silva Bruhns striped in black, red and salmony pink wool (estimated at $568,000 to $710,000).
Neither Ibrahim el-Bakraoui, who blew himself up at 7:58 a.m. at the Brussels airport on March 22, nor his brother Khalid el-Bakraoui, who detonated his explosives at 9:11 a.m. in a subway car in the Belgian capital, appears in the images of the fighters in Syria.
Behind the scenes, there’s an intriguing tension developing among the creators, technicians, storytellers and managers of the park, who are all responsible for its upkeep and safety but have ulterior motives that put them at odds.
With the World Series beginning in an American League stadium, Schwarber could add left-handed-hitting thump as the Cubs’ designated hitter on Tuesday.
If you get insurance through work, you don’t have to worry too much about this news.
Magnetometer readings later taken at the remote site, called Point Rosee by researchers, a grassy headland above a rocky beach an hour’s trek from the nearest road, showed elevated iron readings.
We’re living day by day.” Humanitarian organizations were trying to repair a water pumping station serving the eastern part of the city.
(Unlike Social Security, Medicare obligations apply to 100 percent of earned income.)
And the fact that those generalizations, in which all African-Americans inhabit a hell of violence and dysfunction, came as part of an outreach effort on Mr. Trump’s part elicited from Mr. Williams an incredulous and slightly bitter cascade of chuckles.
Mr. Rubio has been the most aggressive in criticizing Mr. Trump’s record, and he pounced aggressively over the lawsuit the businessman is facing over his previous educational enterprise.
Read reviews of new releases and search our full database of thousands of films at nytimes.com/reviews/movies.
I dedicated a lot to this character.
It’s a good line, but the chasm between real evidence and cow-mutilating aliens can be measured only in light-years.
“This is how we will succeed.” But Mr. Johnson did not succeed.
He persuaded John Wayne and Jimmy Stewart to join him for dinners with delegates.
With the maze of claims and counterclaims over events now more than a decade past, it might be helpful to jog memories of what exactly was going on diplomatically before the Iraq invasion in March 2003.
“We are really focused on clearing the snow,” Ms. Bowser added.
CAROLYN ALDIGÉ President and Founder Prevent Cancer Foundation Alexandria, Va.
“Maybe it’ll be good,” Wizner added.
In the Vote Leave campaign’s official leaflet, which will go to some 40 million Britons, Turkish accession is a prominent theme, and a map shows how Turkish membership would mean a European Union border with Syria and Iraq.
The only person who knew was Justin Theroux, because he’s my long-term friend.
They started a chant “When I say Madam, you say president!” Mrs. Clinton, aware of state laws that prohibit any political activity within 100 feet from a polling location, did not comment on the state of the race, but she did urge people to vote.
Online: The debate will be streamed live on ABCNews.com and on ABC News’ mobile apps.
United States-Turkey relations are among the failed coup’s casualties.
What Sheremetev finds does not lead him to a happy ending.
The switch comes at a time when Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, and his aides are actively courting union endorsements as he gears up for a 2017 re-election bid.
John Tavares also scored in the Islanders’ three-goal second period, and the rookie goalie Jean-Francois Berube stopped 22 shots in his fourth career start.
(Allen) ST. PAUL CHAMBER ORCHESTRA (Saturday) This excellent ensemble, performing without conductor as is its custom, opens the new season at the 92nd Street Y with “O Mikros, O Megas,” a new work by George Tsontakis, as well as Schubert’s sprightly Symphony No.
On Thursday, Larry Bird, the Indiana Pacers’ president, announced that Frank Vogel would not return as head coach after five and a half seasons, five playoff appearances and two Eastern Conference finals runs, thwarted in both of those instances by no less formidable an opponent than LeBron James’s Miami Heat.
Those of us involved wanted to break out of the blue cocoon surrounding policing and work closely with neighborhood residents to protect their communities.
“Nobody blinked at our ‘Pearl Fishers’ being set in the present, and in fact I think traditional opera lovers loved it,” Mr. Gelb added in a telephone interview.
In any case, the State Department, which oversaw his training, thinks he is important enough that on Aug. 30, it offered a $3 million reward for information on his whereabouts.
But Mr. Trump has said he has no intention of reinventing himself for the general election — a declaration that could force Mr. Ryan to acquiesce in the name of Republican unity or establish himself as the leading voice of opposition within the party.
I don’t know all about your risk preferences, but I do know you buy lottery tickets.
Fifteen had come on a recent morning; 12 of them tested positive for the disease.
(In one popular minigame, for example, players are shown a sculpture made of blocks and then try to copy it exactly in 30 seconds.)
He handed the bloody lid to the nurse, who placed it on a dish and covered it with a green plastic sheet.
“We know we are creating a big impact for a diverse group of people with high incomes and people with more modest incomes.
Later, as cleaning crews moved through Oracle Arena and the press emptied into the parking lot, James stood in the Cavaliers’ locker room, a cigar in one hand, a bottle of Champagne in the other.
A report on consumer spending gave investors a sense of how consumers, who drive a large portion of the U.S. economy, were behaving.
All of my friends, family and co-workers will be there.
In October 1956, he collapsed physically for a few days.
She had recommended that the Israeli Defense Forces, along with the militant group Hamas, be included on the list for their conduct in the 2014 war in the Gaza Strip .
The Jamaican men made up for it , however, riding Usain Bolt’s anchor leg to a gold medal ahead of the U.S., who were disqualified for passing the baton outside of the exchange zone.
Fusing a structure essential to rural life with a symbol of prosperous existence in village, town and even city, it manifests one of the greatest of all American transitions.
But then comes the final twist — Gerald was not talking about himself at all: Of course she was going to thank him.
Whether the trip to the traditionally blue state is a sign of an expanding map or a shrinking one for Mr. Trump remains to be seen.
But what turned the downturn into a crisis was bad policy making.
The question for Mr. Cruz now is whether to compete aggressively in New Hampshire, which votes next Tuesday, or divide his time between there and the next battleground, South Carolina, which holds its primary on Feb. 20 and has an evangelical population closer in size to Iowa’s.
Maybe buried somewhere out there is Menten’s receipt from a reputable dealer, dated before the Nazis invaded Poland or Belgium, the two countries the painting seems to track back to.
They include cover pages from the inspector general’s office of the Security Ministry, which oversees the National Police.
Under a clear twilight sky, well after Hurricane Matthew broke up and moved offshore, this tiny town was drowning.
Gianni Infantino 115, Sheikh Salman 88, Prince Ali 4, Champagne 0.
Hillary Clinton’s campaign mounted an eleventh-hour push to chip away at Senator Bernie Sanders’s strong lead in most statewide polls.
Mr. Yu said that he had been motivated after Asian-Americans were left out of #OscarsSoWhite, another campaign against whitewashing in Hollywood.
“Our democracy relies on confidence in election results, and the speaker is fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan.
She visited the troops in Afghanistan on Thanksgiving Day in 2003 and spoke at every significant military installation in New York State.
BRIDGEPORT “The Wrong Man” (1956), directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Mr. Kikta’s music, in seven sections, had largely predictable rhythms; Mr. Walker’s 10 dancers, with end-stopped phrasing, seemed more trapped than liberated by them.
Now, she talks tough, she talks really tough against Putin and against Assad.
The inmates invited observers into the prison, including the radical defense lawyer William M. Kunstler and Tom Wicker , a columnist for The New York Times.
At full strength, the court has nine members.
Next summer, exhibitions at London’s Whitechapel Gallery and at the Collezione Maramotti in Reggio Emilia will show works drawing on Hart’s time in Italy.
A few minutes earlier, Walker had taken a three-stroke lead over Day, sinking an 8-foot birdie putt on No.
Her owner took her to a house, shared by another couple.
Gary Ragland, a retired time clock repairman, said his job had allowed him glimpses of a world of blue-collar jobs in auto plants, breweries and hospitals.
The highlight, of course, is the annual celebrity skit.
“They realized they didn’t have to take that prejudice.”
Piercy, coming off a runner-up finish at the United States Open two weeks ago at Oakmont in Plum, Pa., quickly tied Day for the lead with an eagle on the par-5 second hole and was flawless until the final hole.
To be sure, we live in challenging times.
Filmed without the F.B.I.’s cooperation and apparently without its knowledge, ‘‘(T)error’’ shows how an informant puts a case together from its raw ingredients.
Jan. 3 at 7:30 p.m. Pat McGee and Brian Dunne, folk and rock.
, Newark This time of year, it’s often easy to spot a tourist.
“Birkins are both an investment and a fashion accessory to me,” she said.
The University of Alaska has said it will reorganize its campuses and may have to cut more than 8 percent of the staff, but professors are already heading for the exits.
We could use a little of that these days.
director, and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, according to two people involved in the process.
He seems blind as well to a federal commitment to miners that dates back 70 years to the bare-knuckle unionism of the miners’ John L. Lewis.
Mr. Sutton has created an intriguing scenario, with proficient dialogue.
They do a good job of being able to get him the ball, whether it’s screens, out of the backfield or passes.
Those are voters that a moderate-conservative Yinzer like Kasich is a lot better positioned to reach than most other potential Rubio veeps, and they’re also the kind of voters who are likely to find Kasich’s presence on a Rubio ticket reassuring strictly on age, experience and resume grounds, in the way that Biden (yes, arguably) helped reassure voters that it was safe to elect a different one-term senator to the presidency eight years back.
Now Mr. Day — and his storied glove — can be celebrated.
“Developers, architects, builders, we could all learn from the design principles of cohousing — the common house, moving the parking out of the central space, having the front porches, the centrality of the gardening.
A core value of higher education is empowering students with the intellectual tools they will need to engage our country’s most important challenges through their professions and service.
“The more you open the door for them to see behind the scenes, the more comfortable they feel with your product.” In the same way that chefs have leveraged television and social media, Mr. Pyykkonen hopes dairy farmers and milk processors can become well-known brands — or at least less anonymous.
The issue of violence is not a random by-product of gangster culture.
as long as she dresses nice and conservatively.
Today, he earns $19 an hour, as a shipping receiver.
He added: “You like to get off to a great start, like I did at the British.
Ms. Lada recently spoke about this and other design elements.
Graham Greene praised the novel, as did John Updike; for years, Mr. Scorsese tried to turn it into a film.
And believe it or not, I regret it.
“Though this is not the easiest time it’s part of life and part of the business of being a professional.” The Pistons acquired Ilyasova, 28, last off-season in a trade with Milwaukee.
Mercedes has been the dominant team of the last two years, and on Sunday it clinched the season’s constructors’ title, with Rosberg winning from the pole position and Hamilton finishing third, with Max Verstappen of Red Bull finishing second.
“It is also essential that our school districts have the necessary funds to do the job.
“Girls,” Mrs. Danilewitz called to her daughters, “ Girls , I want you to meet this extraordinary lady!” My mother stood unsuspecting in the foyer, hardly taller than the two children who gazed at her now.
Ingram finished with 158 rushing yards as the visiting Saints (4-4) returned to contention in the N.F.C.
But Mr. Abe appeared to reject that advice, preferring to focus on cultivating a personal relationship with Mr. Trump.
Join us for New York primary live updates .
“He’s got that old-school mentality,” Mr. DeGirolamo said.
It used to be said during World War II that there are no atheists in foxholes.
She survives him, as do their three children, Stella Reese, Leah Kamata and Edgar Chase III, also known as Dooky; 16 grandchildren; and 26 great-grandchildren.
After graduating from high school, he skipped China’s infamous college entrance exam and borrowed 30,000 renminbi (roughly $5,000) from his parents to trade full time.
Assuming nothing changes, Brady could return to regular play as soon as Oct. 9.
On Saturday, a substantial exhibition, “ Wot u :-) about?
This year, officials began investigating complaints about seller-financed home sales aimed at immigrant and Spanish-speaking communities.
It’s all a far cry from a bacon-egg-and-cheese scarfed down on the F train.
There’s something pleasantly boozy about Mark Van Yetter’s work , and it’s not just the tipped-over empty wine bottle that appears in six cheery linoleum prints on the gallery’s back wall.
“A fog lifted.” When the moment came to tell his family, he had no reason to think they would lash out, but he still imagined the worst.
In advertisements for Habitat, the early online community was billed as a “place full of drama and adventure,” where each user could seize the rare opportunity to “reflect his real self-image, from toe to head.” A player could literally snap off his avatar’s head and pop a new one on.
Robert Dankner, the president of Prime Manhattan Residential, a developer of luxury apartments, uses the term “social capital” to describe how restaurants and real estate work in tandem.
“That was worth about a million dollars.” Mr. Devine said that Mr. Sanders’s message about a rigged economy, something you can say “in a sentence,” resonated better than expected in the western counties of the state where Mrs. Clinton did well in 2008 against Mr. Obama.
Law enforcement officials stressed they did not believe that any of the three had advance knowledge of the December attack, or took steps to conceal evidence afterward, but that major investigations often lead to the discovery of unrelated offenses.
He said in an interview that the crackdowns, coming after the party’s earlier severing of links with the London-based leadership, “compel us to presume that authorities’ agenda is beyond Hussain and his anti-Pakistan speeches.” Analysts say the military’s campaign has seriously damaged the M.Q.M.
See postscripts | I’m saddened to have to mark the death on Saturday of Ralph J. Cicerone , a brilliant atmospheric scientist who skillfully shifted into academic leadership as chancellor of the University of California, Irvine, but really hit his stride through a decade, just ended in June, as president of the National Academy of Sciences.
Most notably, Donald Trump’s rise didn’t defy the polls — on the contrary, he was solidly leading the polls by last September.
Collins was asked how Wright’s latest injury has affected him, and if he believed Wright, now 33, would ever perform at a premier level again.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
The Rikers Debate Project has drafted a prisoner voting rights bill that those involved are hoping will find interest in the New York State Assembly.
“I felt fresher, and it would literally take me only 10 minutes to blow-dry,” Ms. Parotat said.
Negotiators hope a final peace deal will be reached in the days or weeks to come.
And when you keep going for miles you can’t see these two records any more.” The lyrics reflect on memories, hint at characters and offer advice and confessions; they can be hard-nosed, remorseful, flippant, combative or philosophical.
Carol Aird (Cate Blanchett), a glamorous New Jersey suburbanite whose sexual desires are destroying her marriage and jeopardizing her motherhood, enters into a scandalous love affair with Therese Belivet (Rooney Mara), a lonely young department-store clerk quietly rebelling against the expectations of her inner circle and the boyfriend who wants to marry her.
They’re out of place alongside sophisticated appetizers like vadouvan-sprinkled lobster in its shell or tight, icy oysters with pickle mignonette and splinters of horseradish.
Even without a prompt to automatically extend the recording time for live events, most DVRs give you the power to tack extra time beyond a show’s standard time slot when you schedule the recording.
Pilots’ back stories and slick editing build up the drama for videos put online.
As for Mr. Cryan, he is trying to pull off several transformations.
“There were probably tens of thousands seeking his help.” However, according to a letter sent to Ms. Davenport that had been in the archives at the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, Mr. Rosenberg was very much in Mr. Fry’s thoughts.
How do you do that if your reality sense tells you that only incremental progress is possible, at least for now?
• A rape scene in Bernardo Bertolucci’s 1972 film “Last Tango in Paris” is at the center of an internet outcry .
A major drought in 2002 caused hunger nationwide.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index added 1.60 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,102.40.
The Obama administration can never support President Bashar al-Assad in taking back the entire country.
Ana Bárbara, a Mexican music star who lives in Los Angeles, sued Wells Fargo in June, saying a bank employee had created sham accounts and credit lines in her name and taken out more than $400,000 of her money.
The ranchers say two dams diminished the Araguari’s strength.
The ripple effects to American academics are just starting to emerge.
A company, Reckitt Benckiser, apologized for the sale of a deadly cleaner in May, the same month that three of its South Korea employees were arrested, not last month.
He helped persuade the Mormon Church to stop the posthumous baptizing of Holocaust victims.
“I know many people have been made uncomfortable by the work I’ve been doing, calling it Frankenfashion, but I think I am prompting the right sort of questions for this industry in the 21st century,” Ms. Gorjanc said.
Goalball, a sport for the visually impaired, resembles a mix of handball and bowling.
We issued a call to arms in the newspaper this morning, the case for cooking breakfast as often as you can.
Anthony Ervin, 35, one of eight swimmers competing this week who took part in the 2000 trials, finished fourth, directly behind Ryan Held.
He’s lying about all sorts of things.
“The events of last night and tonight make us sad, speechless, and in particular right now, our thoughts are with the victims,” Chief Andrä said.
All good, and now the A.B.L.
GOSLING Just watching it for 10 minutes before we came to do this was really fun.
We call it no-recipe day: an exercise in improvisation.
The resulting show, unfortunately, is simultaneously frenetic and tedious (2:15).
Reception: June 4, 5 to 8 p.m. Ashawagh Hall, 780 Springs Fireplace Road.
But this was certainly the weirdest, and it’s nice when the rest of the organization is weird with you.
Some people treat the internal organs — also known as “butter” — as a delicacy.
Yet in the crowd, there were signals of his potential strength, including several voters who cheered his “New York values” remarks.
The people who choose to live in the Yaak don’t endure the long harsh winters as much as celebrate them.
The first broadcast of a collegiate baseball game had happened already , in May, as Columbia played Princeton.
Her mother, the former Josefina Hernández, committed suicide when her daughter was 11.
I have never seen a solitary black vulture before.
I am not interested in writing movies about a white man who is on some kind of journey to find himself or avenge a wrong, whether in Brooklyn or the wilds of Montana and South Dakota.
You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.
Rather than some notional idea of perfect complementarity, it is the capacity to tolerate differences with generosity that is the true marker of the “not overly wrong” person.
By 9:30, their numbers had grown by dozens.
Chinese men, who constitute about a tenth of the world’s population, smoke one-third of the world’s cigarettes, a study published last year in The Lancet found.
But he said he thought he could get government and philanthropic funding because it would provide evidence that might justify the use of another technology he has helped to pioneer, called “ gene drive ,” to attack Lyme disease elsewhere.
The weigh-in is preceded by a “tolling out” ceremony involving bell ringing that originated in 1678 when residents, irate at their drunken mayor, stripped him of his authority.
The designs are by John MacFarlane and the lighting by Jennifer Tipton.
“Whoever thought that haiku would be the language of the future through Twitter.” “MashUp,” by multiple artists, covers 40,000 square feet and offers a history of art-making starting in the early 1900s, focusing on techniques used in montage, collage and assemblage.
The Studio Museum in Harlem mounted a major retrospective in 1978, and his works were also shown in France at the Museum of Modern Art and at the École des Beaux-Arts .
It doesn’t actually matter who’s running.
These ideals are threatened by a way of doing business that by its nature seeks to invade the most sanctified of spaces.
He has been given a diagnosis of severe tuberculous meningitis, months after her husband was found to have drug-resistant TB.
You probably would have said so.
For them, for you, we write today: an ode to chicken la Tulipe and tournedos Rossini , lobster stew , steak Diane .
They were good little actors; they were also just artistic material, like clay.
The particular phenomenon of young women expressing no fealty for Clinton on the basis of gender is a head scratcher for many older Americans, particularly pioneering feminists, who have been part of the struggle to bring women’s rights as far as they’ve come.
— disarmed of my critical faculties.
Durant said that he had done what he thought was best for his evolution as a player and a person and that he cannot control how his actions are perceived.
The ad makes no mention of Marx, Mao or even President Xi Jinping, the party’s leader, who has been prominent in many of its other recent efforts at outreach by video.
The clerk, Checco — played by Checco Zalone, a comedian from Apulia — is a simpleton with a good heart who strikes it lucky, an Italian Forrest Gump, with tagliolini instead of shrimp.
Last week, American regulators more than doubled the scope of the airbag recall in the United States, identifying another 35 million to 40 million vehicles they said needed fixing.
Obviously, I wish I’d gone out a year earlier.
That’s far too distant for there to be any connection between them.
I was laying in bed with her, and she said to me: ‘Daddy, my guardian angel is right over there.
We have called the center, but the owners say, “We are a day care; kids cry,” and hang up on us.
“They had to rely on other people for refuge, safety, comfort and support.” He noted that Mr. Snowden was not wanted by the Hong Kong police at the time and that he had advised his clients to cooperate with the police if they showed up.
“But evangelism no longer means that the job of Christians is to secure formal affiliations, shore up denominational identities, and expand Christian hegemony in Western culture.
He wound up homeless, sleeping on his office couch for six months.
June 26, 1 to 4 p.m.
Grace has moved on, quietly but in the right direction.
Another officer, Randall Kerrick, fired his gun, believing that Mr. Ferrell was trying to take the gun away.
“It’s really coming to an end,” Mr. Hemelaer said.
As 46 volunteers sat making calls and eating popcorn in Mr. Cruz’s office-park headquarters in suburban Des Moines around lunchtime on Thursday, Bryan English, Mr. Cruz’s state director, described the Iowans they were targeting.
The Yankees traded Aroldis Chapman to the Chicago Cubs on Monday, and to be sure, they will miss the surge of excitement that rippled through their ballpark when Chapman threw fastballs.
Since September, the Constitution hasn’t changed, but the poll numbers have.
It’s the life of an elite runner outside the track.
Katherine Gauthier and Lauren Muss were the listing brokers.
Such scenes suggest that the film is partly intended as a deliberate affront to Vladimir V. Putin’s Russia, where Eisenstein is celebrated as a cultural deity, and homosexuality officially despised.
But the main point applies even to friendships that may have taken root in the soil of politics: We need to work to stay in relationships with people despite deep differences of opinion, not just across the aisle but on either side of it.
When it comes to propagating the Chinese cultural brand, there is perhaps no better ambassador than Confucius.
“I condemn the attack Kim Kardashian suffered last night in her hotel,” Ms. Hidalgo said in a statement.
president, had previously run an advertising agency that under his leadership reversed its ban on taking tobacco clients.
Mr. Ford’s recent shows have had all the flash of movie premieres, and this one should be no exception: It comes with a seated dinner and a much-reduced guest list still including, in all likelihood, many of his celebrity friends.
(Image: Lucille Ball, left, and Vivian Vance) HIDDEN AMERICA: INSIDE RIKERS ISLAND 12:35 a.m. on ABC.
Mr. Baldwin says Mr. Bleckner did not point out that that transaction had never gone through.
Two of his sisters, Hamida, 32, and Najwa, 28, said in an interview on Thursday that they did not believe that their brother was responsible for the attack.
In a vacuum, police officers shouldn’t kill the very citizens they swear to protect.
— RICK HAUSER, @RAH2009 on Twitter A: The front line runs right through the old souk, which has been partially destroyed by combat.
“This is once again an example of when a woman threatens Hillary Clinton, she seeks out to demean her and take her down,” Mr. Manafort said on CNN.
Labels like ‘all natural’ will mean something.
adults living in long-term care settings by Justice in Aging, a legal advocacy group, found that a majority believed they would face discrimination from housing staff if they were open about their sexual orientation.
The proposal went public in November 2014.
Mr. Earle, who spent his early life in San Antonio, topped Billboard’s country charts with his album “Guitar Town” in 1986.
“It’s status acknowledgment,” said Barbara Fruth, a bonobo researcher at the Royal Zoological Society in Antwerp, Belgium.
It is unclear whether the I.O.C.
“Whenever I think about retirement, I can’t imagine staying here,” said Ms. Larson, 53, a marketing professional who lives in nearby Tehachapi.
“This is the lie that Ted’s campaign is built on,” Mr. Rubio said, adding that Mr. Cruz could not credibly say that he is the only true conservative running.
“Because we were all best friends,” he said, “it was easy to tell stories that were truthful to us.
And Ms. Stanford’s queso sauce, fervent with cumin and Hatch green chiles, manages to sustain a state of melt, although you should still eat it as quickly as possible.
I know why it’s tempting.” The problem, the president said, is that it is too late to turn back.
Researchers found that those taking the drug took longer to complete sentences.
Stocks surged, experts expressed more confidence that the Federal Reserve was likely to raise interest rates before the end of the year, and it was clear that long-stagnant wages for ordinary workers were advancing at a healthier pace.
New raids in connection with the Brussels bombings were carried out Thursday night in the city’s Schaerbeek and Jette neighborhoods, and the police held six people for questioning.
From the start, this has been Dillard’s mission: to crowbar surprise, sentence by sentence, into all the tiny gaps of our ordinary experience.
In addition, he was ousted from another drug company , KaloBios, that he had recently invested in to try to revive.
The academy branches, which represent various crafts — including writers, actors and costume designers — are expected to complete reviews of member activity later this summer.
Peter, the same reader asked if you send him a handwritten copy of this “Breaking Bad” quote : “If you don’t know who I am, then maybe your best course would be to tread lightly.” He’d like to get it tattooed on himself.
The economy has underperformed in the first quarter in five of the last six years.
For one thing, the actress said, it was a mistake to sanctify Antigone as simply a youthful martyr confronted with an evil she cannot overthrow.
Number five, cancel unconstitutional executive orders and enforce all immigration laws.
That thought might conjure images of Pompeii, and the way the last, desperate moments of its residents were preserved, but Must Farm was never destined to become a permanent archaeological site.
And he did not believe that it was a risk to endorse the mayor early, before any resolution of the multiple overlapping state and federal investigations into Mr. de Blasio and his aides’ fund-raising activities.
Scott Shane, a veteran reporter, produced a significant investigative piece on Trump’s most controversial adviser, Stephen Bannon.
“She put a context to everything where there was no context before.” Mr. Trump made clear throughout the campaign when he was unhappy with those speaking for him on television.
Her characters are quickly established, fully dimensional and strikingly varied in appearance, carriage and accent.
They simply wanted more and better chances to test their limits.
Mr. Powell, 54, grew up in Puerto Rico with his mother, who is from the island.
The volunteers and workers raised us up in our time of need, and we will ensure they get the resources and the support they need.” The attacks at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and elsewhere that day killed 2,977 people.
“I call it luxurious affordability,” he said.
That seems unduly harsh, given the guilt, shame and silence that enshroud sexual abuse.
Jan. 23 at 7:30 p.m. $35.
The company is planning to build the new 99-seat main stage on the long-empty ground floor, and to convert its existing second-floor space from a 74-seat main stage to a 60-seat studio.
“When you have fun, things are easier,” Familia said in Spanish.
I had to get to Montego Bay.
The researcher said they had notified Philips of the potential vulnerability and the company had asked the researchers not to go public with the research paper until it had been corrected.
Mr. Lafergola’s lawyer, Evan F. Nappen, described him as a “hobbyist” who built the weapons as “nonfunctioning models” from kits.
“In my early days as an artist, I thought that process didn’t matter,” Lou says.
But it was hard to square with the hot wings.
AMERICAN HEIRESS The Wild Saga of the Kidnapping, Crimes and Trial of Patty Hearst By Jeffrey Toobin Illustrated.
Arnold’s betrayal still makes for great drama, proving once again that the supposed villains of a story are usually the most interesting.
And even before they graduated from the University of Michigan, Pasek and Paul — that’s the branding they fell into as 19-year-olds, their surnames in alphabetical order — have been prospectively placed in the pantheon.
Of that, Ms. Trump’s company would have received roughly $4 million to $6 million, according to people familiar with the business’s financial data who were not authorized to speak publicly.
Having space to spare makes them look larger.
They have big budgets to counter image problems from bad press and congressional hearings.
Our little family fled both Airbnbs and checked into local hotels, the gracious and comfortable La Plumeria in Cefalù, and in Syracuse, after our genuinely kindly, regretful landlady refunded our money, (though our Cefalù “host” refused) the elegant Algilà.
The bad blood between the White Stripes and the Black Keys is a way to examine the difficulties that men have making and maintaining friendships.
Except for Mr. Trump’s checkered business history here, he might have enjoyed strong campaign support from the city’s deeply frustrated casino workers.
The pricing is simple: $129 for an hour, $179 for 90 minutes, $219 for two hours.
Another blew through in the morning and slammed the tent with raindrops the size of nickels.
Each time it moves to a different ledger, the money has a different identity, taking up time and potentially causing confusion.
Because it stretched so long — and because Hal Steinbrenner did not react in anger to Rodriguez’s repeated clownish antics — he still had time to save the relationship.
The person was not authorized to discuss the matter and spoke on the condition of anonymity.
“You get off the plane and you go to work.” Mr. Obama also canceled a planned meeting in Laos with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines after Mr. Duterte used a slur to describe Mr. Obama.
In the early 1990s, the iconic SoHo design store Hope & Wilder was among the first to rekindle the romance of homespun New England, rousing tastemakers to replace their Biedermeier with white painted furniture and their silk curtains with mattress ticking.
If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page.
“Maybe we could develop new therapies.” That led to the idea of searching for healthy people who had been born with compensating mutations, but researchers could not simply put out a call for such individuals.
But you can still hear.
Think “Maltese Falcon” with really good pastries.
The count estimated that 2,794 people were living without shelter, a significant drop from 2005, when the survey’s estimate was 4,395, according to data the mayor’s office released on Thursday.
Were there any notable adjustments made along the way?
If his message does not resonate, it will not be because voters did not hear it.
(A year ago, researchers showed that they were able to remotely take control of a Jeep Grand Cherokee as it rolled down a highway.)
Donald G. McNeil Jr., a Science writer for The Times, clears up the confusion.
For decades, histories — like John Hicks’s “The Populist Revolt” (1931) — told the story as a straightforward case of the working class seeking economic justice.
“The Club” divides its attention among its characters, spending time with poor Sandokan as well as with his enemies.
The month of March had been Trump’s best thus far as a presidential candidate.
While the groups that the United States is attacking must have some nexus to Al Qaeda and the Taliban, the limits are slippery.
The 2015-16 television season has been a glossy one, full of shows about rich and powerful characters and their luxurious lives.
I walked to the center of the square and stood on the steps next to a man dressed in a business suit.
Iona Coach Tim Cluess was happy to take in the nostalgia.
It’s fun and edifying to peruse.
ASIA’S DAY The Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent in Japan on rising hopes for more monetary stimulus from the Bank of Japan and a raft of government stimulus.
Mr. Kenwright, whose past productions include a recent “Evita” in London, the West End staging of “Let the Right One In” (which transferred to St. Ann’s Warehouse in Brooklyn)and a string of 1990s Broadway hits, said his interest in turning the album into a West End musical was initiated around 10 years ago, when the arena extravaganza was introduced.
Moreover, it said, “this year is likely to be the first since 2009 in which the federal deficit will increase as a share of the nation’s output — from 2.5 percent of gross domestic product in 2015 to 2.9 percent in 2016.” This year, for the first time, the budget office tried to provide a full picture of federal health insurance subsidies for people under 65, and it found that they totaled $660 billion this year.
The challengers had also argued that Arizona’s attempt to comply with the Voting Rights Act was not legitimate because the Supreme Court had in 2013, in Shelby County v. Holder, struck down a key part of the law .
“And frankly, if we can’t destroy them through the internet, we should destroy them with kinetic power, using various weapons starting with Predators and just — frankly, just killing them.”
The freeze is part of a criminal investigation into the funding and work of prominent activists, including Hossam Bahgat and Gamal Eid, and advocacy groups, like the Hisham Mubarak Law Center and the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies , which document state abuses.
(Please note that to gain access to all of the Week in Rap archives, students or teachers must sign up for a free trial.)
Speaking with The New York Times in 2013 , Mr. West said, “I don’t care about the Grammys —I just would like for the statistics to be more accurate.” He added: “I don’t want them to rewrite history right in front of us.
THE REAL AMERICANS A solo show at the Marsh in San Francisco in which Dan Hoyle recounts his interviews with residents of small-town America.
Instead, the officials emphasized their hope that disclosing the videos and other materials from the investigative files would make people in Chicago more confident in the procedures for investigating police misconduct.
Seven in 10 Democratic voters said they were at least somewhat worried about another major terrorist attack in the United States, and those voters were more likely than others to support Mrs. Clinton.
BEACON “Still Life in the Spinning World: The Force Field of Morandi,” group exhibition.
It’s more fuel-efficient too, rated at 42 m.p.g.
The maintenance team was perplexed as to how to level the playing field.
“My father told me I wasn’t sad enough about it,” Ms. Kutner said.
In at least some cases, senators are able to cite specific issues that have drawn them to Mrs. Clinton.
Peru broke the cardinal rule on Sunday night but got away with it, and mighty Brazil was eliminated from the Copa América in the group stage.
But Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was a co-author of the Casey decision, only has to look to the words of that opinion to overturn the appeals court ruling.
games who is still seeking his first Stanley Cup.
“I cried and cried when that happened,” he said.
Young children are particularly at risk from exposure to lead.
( Brian Kilmeade’s 2014 book , “George Washington’s Secret Six: The Spy Ring That Saved the American Revolution,” has also contributed to tourism in the area, said Margo Arceri, a local historian.)
The third-floor bedroom, a suite with a sitting area, has a beamed ceiling and large windows that give the space a loft-like aspect.
Mr. Putin has a similar ability to hide his true feelings.
“Every single state is really making efforts to increase access.
Earlier this month, the United States hit a new benchmark in an already historic presidential campaign: For the first time in the country’s history, 200 million Americans are registered to vote.
Opposition lawmakers argued that those concessions were insufficient and boycotted the votes.
Thanks to Mr. Ackman’s early successes, his longtime investors have fared much better than the more recent ones, and cumulative fees are closer to the percentages in the stated fee structures.
After the Albertville Games, I started a story about a new character, and for once I didn’t have to stretch or struggle to figure out who she was or where she came from.
He arrived in Germany from Austria and told the German authorities that he had no papers.
So he began looking for ways both to save old jobs and to create new ones.
“You can buy pieces of furniture with consultation and help from my staff, free of charge, or even hire Christian Liaigre to design your apartment,” Mr. Schrager said.
As Boehner strode through a back hallway to the ballroom, I asked if he would care to take a few questions on immigration reform.
But once the import of the moment sinks in, a savagery takes hold: “I loved her most,” Lear says, Ms. Jackson consumed by a primal fury that presumably hasn’t been easy for any of Lear’s three daughters to live with over time.
When he brought forward the “Gang of Eight” bill to give citizenship to those who came here illegally, I put forward an amendment that says we should have more scrutiny on those who are coming as students, those who are coming as immigrants, those who are coming as refugees, because we had two refugees come to my town in Bowling Green and try to attack us.
Here’s one way to think about it: If Mr. Cruz outperforms our model by the same amount that he did Tuesday, Mr. Trump will go from a favorite to an underdog in California, Indiana, Maryland and Montana.
The error was repeated in an accompanying picture caption.
The now internet-famous hug happened upon his return.
The woman described the garage door closing behind them and Hufnagel repeatedly propositioning her for sex.
In Denmark, as in several European countries, a far-right populist party has been appealing to voters by warning against the perils of immigration.
Last year, a judge granted class-action status to a portion of the claims related to racketeering charges.
Follow him on Twitter .
There are those who argue that including many elected officials actually ensures diversity and enhances the democracy of the process.
So, hopefully, at some time we can work out some kind of an agreement on a contract.” When asked when that might be, though, Maccagnan said, “It may take some time.” Maccagnan said he felt no pressure to get a deal done, even though he acknowledged that he had made an inquiry with the Tennessee Titans about acquiring the No.
He reported the incident to Kurtz, and the company began investigating Siatta.
Hours before he died, Jovani confided in his brother that he was going to fight the other girl’s boyfriend.
His father watched every game, Jankovic said, throwing the remote at the television when he missed a free throw and admonishing him when he complained about fouls.
About the same number think Mr. Cruz would do best.
A judge dismissed the suit against Ms. Reeves and stayed certain claims against the police and prosecutors for procedural reasons, pending the outcome of the criminal trial.
Because we had just bought a place, I didn’t have a big budget.” The closet bar was inaugurated with a party for friends who were pleasantly surprised when the closet doors parted to reveal a watering hole.
At the end of the year, Spieth bought the sprawling estate of another player, Hunter Mahan, acquiring in the process a 12-car underground garage, an indoor basketball court, a wine cellar and a swimming pool.
“That is more important for KLM than for carriers like Air France or British Airways, which have the country in their name.” Mr. Lewis added: “But while differentiating brands has been a holy grail for airlines, more consumers are viewing the airline trip as a commodity product.
Bernie Sanders, with his tousled white hair and socialist message, reminds us of California’s tie-dyed past.
Still, Ms. Jones, who is known to react to her critics online, has not shied away from fighting back.
Swanning around in their underwear, touching and teasing in plain sight, the two have created an erotically charged household that, to the girl, is both intriguing and terrifying.
China’s government, accustomed to law being a mere appendage of state power, may be in for an unpleasant surprise.
Event: World Cup preliminary-round game, Belo Horizonte, Brazil, June 29, 1950.
Ms. Hassan ties Ms. Ayotte to Mr. Trump at every opportunity.
You remember what an enormous lift it was to get any health care reform at all passed.
What’s the safest way to hit someone with a bat?
After all, the author landed a spot on the coveted New York Times Op-Ed page for a piece that could easily be interpreted as largely defending Facebook.
Todd Rittmann, from the Chicago band U.S.
“The good news in Libya is that they don’t like outsiders coming in and telling them what to do,” he said.
, the brain disease linked to concussions, when he died of colon cancer at the age of 69.
Mr. Rother said the case against Deutsche Bank would be filed in London, the center of global currency trading, around the middle of the year.
Officer Delgado recounted a harrowing night of watching club patrons trip over corpses and writhe in agony as their bullet-ridden bodies were pulled across broken glass.
“This is an opportunity for them to really turn United around and realize the promise that merger held in the first place.” Flight attendants are generally paid hourly rates for in-flight time, which averages 80 to 85 hours a month.
“ I am not throwing away my shot ,” Mr. Miranda’s Hamilton sings early on, and it is this motif that animates everything that follows.
“But then the tours became my theater.” In the 1990s, Mr. Levitch narrated tours from a trolley in Central Park, and on double-decker buses throughout Manhattan, for Apple Tours and the Grey Line.
“He really is just the most energetic and creative man and so interesting to talk to,” she said before Cindi Leive, the editor of Glamour, walked over for a few words.
In announcing the rupture with Guinea, Ghana’s National Liberation Council also scoffed at reports that Guinea’s Sekou Touré has bestowed the Guinean presidency on Mr. Nkrumah.
PENCE: So — the FBI... KAINE: When we don’t know who they are, we don’t let them in.
But FS1 will not leave the air until a new president is elected — sort of a threat to never miss any of the action, whether agenda item No.
The director Susanna White makes a lot of strange choices, including the dark, fussy visuals best described as stained-glass noir.
From Thursday to Thursday, then it was Vetements.
HOLT: What’s your relationship with him?CLINTON: Well, my relationship with him, it’s — it’s interesting.
“I am glad to talk about the foundation,” Mr. Kaine said.
Male college graduates who are struggling are more likely to join white working class men in the larger insurgency against globalization and free trade that is taking place here and all over Europe.
All the women on the 1976 United States Olympic swim team left Montreal feeling as if they had been cheated, but Jennifer Hooker Brinegar, a freestyler on the squad, said she felt the sorriest for Babashoff.
Mr. Sanders may be staying in the race to pressure the Democratic Party to inject more progressive ideals — like the call for a $15 federal minimum wage — into the Democratic platform at the national convention next month.
Most small shops have started accepting digital wallets or credit cards.” — Bhavin Shah, a consultant in Bangalore “I am not a very big fan of Mr. Modi, but I totally support this move.
President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico said his two bills would change the Constitution to incorporate the right for same-sex couples to wed and reform the federal civil code to assure marriage equality.
“We survive because we are social animals,” said John Dovidio, the director of the Intergroup Relations Lab at Yale University.
screeners with workers from private companies if the agency cannot reduce waiting times.
Afterward, Tebow admitted it was an unusual environment for him.
Given the history of abuses you document, by psychiatrists, medical administrators and surgeons, are there protections you would add?
Until recently she was just that terrible Trump talking head, but now she seems like a woman laboring valiantly under an impossible burden.
She was under stress, and they couldn’t figure out why, so they induced me to try to get me to deliver and I wouldn’t dilate.
What worries him most about the agreement, he said, was the cost, which could be as high as $800,000.
As an international boycott movement is seeking to isolate Israel over its treatment of Palestinians, Mr. Netanyahu is determined to expand the number of countries that recognize his state and to capitalize on the economic potential of trade between it and the Arab states.
And, boy, once it started, it just kept going until I finished.” His gush eventually resulted in an album titled “ Rainbow Ends ” (Omnivore Recordings), which represents the first new release from Mr. Rhodes in 43 years.
“We’re entering a universal, white-collar, middle-class anxiety, which drives political change faster than poor people tend to drive change.”
They have told us with their actions that they think they can escape their tax liability.
The Mercedes drivers, in equal machines, have won 14 of the 15 Grand Prix races so far this season, with the Malaysian Grand Prix set for Sunday.
Mr. Sloan will preside over the bank’s earnings call on Friday.
On average, charters are half the cost of public schools.
Their acts were reflections of the desperation and exhaustion inflicted by Australia under a policy that was supposed to be temporary, has not been thought through, and places people in conditions of hopelessness.
“If I go to lunch or dinner with six friends, I guarantee you four of them will be wearing their Sylvia Toledano cuff.” She calls the jeweler “an artist” and said “she doesn’t advertise.
The Sanders side is eager to promote that its message is connecting beyond white voters, where it has already had impressive success.
BananaLand has a $1 million trade deficit with CarNation.
Black voters in Ohio were 6 points less likely to support Mrs. Clinton than they were to support Mr. Obama four years ago.
We may be in an era when politicians cannot make much hay out of the economy.
That’ll get you buying and sipping.
Downtown Nassau is about a 25-minute drive from the house.
투버만 씨와 샤피로 씨는 자신들이 인수한 목욕탕이 거의 뉴욕에서 독점적 지위를 누리고 있다는 사실을 깨달았다.
(Ronald Reagan did something similar much later in his 1976 campaign, right before the Republican convention, and while it didn’t work out, Reagan shook up conventional wisdom.
Mr. Dunn , who also directed, has created individuals who defy easy branding.
There was a lot less equality for people of color and women.
In addition to his wife, he is survived by a son, Dr. Steven Jaharis; a daughter, Kathryn Jaharis; and five grandchildren.
Inequality thrust itself in your face.
Fifteen years later, when his right neck swelled again, Gwynn needed surgery to remove an abscess.
And the old Lyondell shareholders have had success in fighting off the bankruptcy trustee’s charge.
In 1974 he ran unsuccessfully for governor of Pennsylvania, losing to the incumbent, Milton Shapp.
After Mr. Jobs returned to the company in 1997, he turned to his new operations chief, Mr. Cook, who had recently joined from Compaq, to figure out how.
WEBSITES Official Morocco tourism site: visitmorocco.com Moroccan Government information site: maroc.ma LANGUAGES AND CURRENCIES Arabic, Berber; Moroccan dirham ($1 = 10 dirhams) TAXES AND FEES Fees and taxes usually total about 7 percent of the selling price, Mr. Boulmane said.
It had great characters and a great sense of place.
The data on the federal form “was about the most important piece of information we could lay our hands on,” Mr. Lipsey told Bloomberg TV in 2012.
The organization has used a sponsor-a-child fund-raising model for five decades, to play on the power of personalization , although most of the money is used to finance projects in the child’s community rather than going directly to the child or the child’s family.
As you can see from my originally grid , Will removed the circles and re-did the upper left corner.
After you have posted, try reading back to see what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting another comment.
The good news is that you’re not alone.
“In today’s world of dramatically increased polarization, he stood out as a decent, civilized public servant,” Mayor John Tory of Toronto said.
But that was not enough: Successful black people, he said, must recognize that their place in life was merely a matter of opportunity.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.; and Sundays, 12 to 5 p.m. Morris Museum, 6 Normandy Heights Road.
Malaria parasites first showed resistance to chloroquine in 1984.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Nemec, whose first three marriages ended in divorce, is survived by a daughter, Arleta Nemcova.
Indonesia is the world’s most populous Muslim-majority nation, but its people practice a pluralistic brand of Islam.
HARTFORD “PostSecret: The Show,” created by Frank Warren, TJ Dawe, Kahlil Ashanti and Justin Sudds.
After Esther and Andrew spent three months in the hospital, the entire family moved into a nearby apartment, in order to live in a smaller space they could keep immaculately clean while waiting for Andrew’s new immune system to develop.
I examined every baby I passed, guessed their age, noted pacifier brand and travel stroller design.
When he switched jerseys in the second half to one with no name or number on the back, he became even more anonymous — until his free kick a minute into stoppage time found the substitute Dominic Oduro at the near post for the tying goal.
Worldwide, up to 70 million workers are at risk for computer vision syndrome, and those numbers are only likely to grow.
‘‘When I tell people, I use the same words the doctors used to tell me.’’ You might not have time or energy to formulate the exact right phrasing — but you are not obliged to be the town crier, spreading the news of a terminal diagnosis.
The last road trip ended last week.
Surely, there is a qualified and independent jurist who understands the proper function of the court, even if others do not.
But she wouldn’t let him take Toussaint.
Mr. Ibarra Sánchez, a member of the Spanish photo collective MeMo, has been to Sinjar several times this year to document the aftermath of the atrocities.
Stepping Back From Failed Policies.
Phelps was timed in 1 minute 54.66.
The website The Intercept took first place in the Longform Category with “ The Surrender ,” a film about Stephen Kim, a State Department intelligence analyst who was indicted on charges of divulging classified information to a reporter.
For those “who want to fit in” with the Pokémon Go craze “but don’t have time,” one Craigslist go-getter is willing to “catch all these Pokémon for you.” For $20 an hour and up, another Craigslist pro will “level up” your Pokémon account, hatch “eggs” and even “walk your dog if needed.” Shortly after Pokémon Go was released and became a global sensation, a micro-industry of self-anointed Pokémon Sherpas has blossomed.
Why was it such a pain to set up a new work space, or move a wall, or order new desk chairs, or bring in an exterminator?
I was more startled than anything, and I left the curb to go to the nearby movie theater where my friend worked.
By the end of the round, I had clawed back $250 of my Scrabble debt from my friend, who accused me of hustling him.
Located a few blocks from the home of the Nobel-Prize winning economist Sir Arthur Lewis, the museum also honors Mr. Walcott’s twin brother who died in 2000, Roderick, who was a playwright and theater director.
during the late 1990s, a period when pro forma figures really started to bloom.
This is partly because the rest of the world has caught up to wrestling’s ethos.
The French Open did not make the change until 2006, and Wimbledon evened things up only in 2007 .
(Are you listening, Yankees and Mets?)
Why talc use might lead to cancer is not clear.
With Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Samuel L. Jackson, whose performance as a former Union officer almost lifts the film out of its self-conscious rut.
“I’m thinking about the arc of Apple from 1976 to Apple in 2046.
The conference champion, Iowa State, a No.
But the substance is often wrong, exaggerated, nonsensical, implausible, misleading, confused...” — Ezra Klein , founder of Vox “On the plus side, no mentions of fingers, sweat, or reproductive organs.” — Michelle Malkin , senior editor of Conservative Review Democrats and Republicans sometimes seem to be living in two different Americas.
The Wisconsin roofing magnate Diane Hendricks, whom Mr. Trump named to his economic policy council in August, poured $4 million this month into a lesser-known group called the Reform America Fund.
Since then, antidoping groups and sports leagues have updated their tests to better detect the drug.
But three months after the lifting of many sanctions against Iran, there is growing frustration among European politicians, diplomats and businesspeople over the inability to complete dozens of energy, aviation and construction deals with the Iranians.
It’s still a bustling enterprise, though your bragging rights for having eaten there won’t come cheap: Expect to pay $19.95 for the hot pastrami sandwich.
There’s the Badwater Ultramarathon in California.
1, Arensky’s Variations on a Theme of Tchaikovsky and Paul Chihara’s chamber orchestra arrangement of Rachmaninoff’s Suite for Two Pianos, commissioned by Orpheus as part of its project to expand the chamber orchestra repertory.
Eduardo Rivera, 33, moved to the United States from Mexico at 10.
The birds and the bees are no longer confined to uncomfortable living-room conversations.
Anthocyanin is the pigment that makes cranberries red and blueberries blue, among other things.
“They know the game well.
As a scientist, I am committed to learning from my mistakes.
Depression has also been associated with increased risk.
Wells Fargo has said it is contacting all of the customers who may have been affected.
Mr. Obama was just coming off his convention, and Mr. Romney was just coming off his remarks about the “47 percent.” You can also tell a similar story about the previous few debates: George W. Bush in 2000, John Kerry in 2004 and Barack Obama in 2008 were all challengers who fell behind after the incumbent party convention.
Once in a while he goes on the attack against greed and waste and stupidity in health matters, and things pick up.
A prominent lawyer jailed as part of a crackdown on human rights lawyers in China has been released from detention, according to news reports on Monday, even as her colleagues suggested that a videotaped confession she had offered had probably been coerced.
You really need to read “They All Saw a Cat” for yourself to appreciate all that Wenzel has accomplished.
“It was one of the original Italian footprints in the area,” Ms. Robertson said.
After all, he said, shouldn’t you want a president who actually wants to be president?
I can’t see that he has really changed, but maybe he has.” Deryck Mullady, 34, of Cincinnati, said Mr. Trump had said things that were “totally against what Jesus taught and what we read in the Bible.” He said he disapproved of some of his Christian friends who, in past elections, emphasized the religious conviction of the candidates they voted for but “say it doesn’t matter now” and are backing Mr. Trump.
Simply invert the half-cooked frittata onto a plate and slip it back into the pan.
All-consuming love or no, he’d been up 36 hours and was clearly hoping I would give him a break.
He is Makani Kema-Kaleiwahea, not Makan Kema-Kaleiwahia.
The denial was the first time the Chinese government had refused to allow an American aircraft carrier into the port in Hong Kong since August 2014, according to Pentagon officials.
“There were times I was thinking, O.K.
1 on the Billboard 200 chart) and current tour — except that it was in Alchemist, a fashion boutique with an outpost in the garage of a Herzog & de Meuron complex.
Donald J. Trump is calling for the U.S. to pull back from its global commitments while still pledging a major buildup of the military.
The show also advanced the career of the designer Todd Oldham, who hosted a segment called “Todd Time.” “With its jump cuts and kinetic pacing, MTV’s ‘House of Style’ makes most other television fashion coverage, especially from the networks, seem like black-and-white television,” the fashion writer Woody Hochswender wrote in a review in The New York Times in 1991 .
They want details.” 13 Photos View Slide Show › As a New Yorker married to an Irishman, I travel frequently to Ireland.
Business groups and some economists warn that a $15 minimum will foster such stumbles.
“I would love to go online right now and publish, ‘We won!’”
I met a Palestinian man who had applied for seven years and, at 72, had worried that he might die before seeing the holy sites.
The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points for all adults at the 95 percent level of confidence.
Personally, I care less about whether veterans support Mr. Trump than whether Mr. Trump supports veterans.
May 28 at 8 p.m. $25 to $40.
Mr. Cohler decorated the space around a family heirloom: a Steinway grand piano from the 1920s.
My dad was difficult, struggled with the booze.
“You’ve got to understand it.”
As we open our lives to increasingly self-­aware, autonomous devices, we are encouraged — particularly in the case of all-­purpose personal assistants like Siri and Alexa — to use them as much as possible, feeding them more useful data that will allow our gadgets to “learn” who we are and what we like, and to make decisions that might anticipate our needs.
That designation now extends far beyond nuclear issues, but it is still considered an important metric for information that should be treated with secrecy.
If Gardner beats a throw to first base, he should be rewarded with a hit.
Theranos is now under review by two federal regulators.
American Airlines Theater, 227 West 42nd Street, 212-719-1300, roundabouttheatre.org.
His appeal among the well heeled is evident in his choice of sites for campaign rallies: resorts on Hilton Head Island, country clubs in Iowa and New Hampshire, a prep school in the South Carolina Lowcountry.
Futurism became a joke, not a science.
Both editors made the point that when the candidate field is narrowed (I spoke to them during the day of the Super Tuesday primaries), journalistic attention naturally will turn away from horse-race coverage and more toward substance.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej , 88, held the throne for more than 70 years, establishing himself as a revered personification of Thai nationhood.
Prosecutors said the man receiving the payments, named in court records only as Individual A, was not committing extortion, and that Mr. Hastert had molested Individual A and shared a bed with him on a trip to a wrestling camp.
For the past four years, the Global Citizen Festival has invaded Central Park for a free concert featuring genuine superstars.
“If we cannot protect these houses, it will be a major part of our history and our heritage erased.
The series he worked on ranged from “Death Valley Days” to “The Patty Duke Show.” In 1967 alone, he directed episodes of “Ironside,” “The Man From U.N.C.L.E.,” “Petticoat Junction,” “My Three Sons,” “That Girl,” “The Fugitive” and “Walt Disney’s Wonderful World of Color.” His first credited directing job was for “Mr.
Having expressed our prejudices, we both seemed more comfortable.
Recognition of Palestine and a new Security Council resolution are not radical new measures, but a natural outgrowth of America’s support for a two-state solution.
The music Mr. Lang wrote for the gifted Mr. Tao in this haunting scene is no Bach pastiche, but a cosmic rumination, with melodic fragments, circling inner voices and hazy harmonies.
These and other pertinent issues are not foregrounded.
Had young people voted in greater numbers, he said, his own policies would have been more successful.
In 2013, a federal judge, Glen H. Davidson, abolished the attendance zones and allowed all students to choose their high school or middle school.
According to a new analysis by the McKinsey Global Institute, 81 percent of the United States population is in an income bracket with flat or declining income over the last decade.
Rye Presbyterian Church, 882 Boston Post Road.
Secretary of State John Kerry, representing the United States, condemned financial corruption as a threat to democracy.
“I would sleep an extra 10 or 15 minutes!” he said.
It goes both ways, but I don’t mind having something that makes me stand out.
Much was known about the biomechanics of sprinting, but little about distance running.
The Royal Bank of Scotland said on Wednesday that it would report an annual loss for 2015 after taking a series of charges to close a deficit in its pension plan and to resolve past misconduct.
Eleven-year-old “Asima” was marked with scars from daily whippings and rapes following her first 20 days as an ISIS sex slave.
It became the basis for the Lilly drug.
One auspicious sign: the accompanying leaflets by the young designer Gerardo Madera, who has his own interpretation of “Neighbors.” For “Caza,” he interviewed the show’s artists about their own neighbor experiences and printed snippets of these conversations alongside stills from a film of personal significance, “Nueba Yol” (1995), about an extended family of Dominican immigrants living in New York.
It’s not that job growth is slower than it should be.
With traffic lights out across the island, traffic jams posed the most immediate concern.
Its prices are in the now-devalued Brazilian real, whereas the official American agent, Cosport, is still charging dollar rates.
In New York City, new clarifications to the city’s human rights guidelines make clear that the intentional misidentification of a person’s preferred name, pronoun or title is violation of the city’s anti-discrimination law.
I hope none of us squander it.
On a recent weekend in Times Square, a crowd at Carolines on Broadway nibbled on chicken salad and hamburgers.
Some philosopher-emperor, deep in the marble halls of history, who on his deathbed summoned the players and commanded them to perform, perform, perform?
: Made in America,” Casey Affleck, best actor for “Manchester by the Sea,” and Isabelle Huppert for “Elle.” (On Tuesday, the competition between “Moonlight” and “Manchester by the Sea” was ratcheted up another notch by the National Board of Review.
But with Mr. Kaine’s selection on Friday as Hillary Clinton’s vice-presidential running mate, the gifts he received in the four years he served as Virginia’s chief executive and his time as lieutenant governor before that are certain to be cited by his Republican critics as a sign that Mr. Kaine, who is now a United States senator, is not as squeaky clean as he portrays himself.
My campaign staff insisted I wear stockings even when it was 95 degrees.
“That’s not an inaccurate assessment,” said Ian Crowe, director of marketing for Logitech’s Harmony, makers of the most popular universal remotes.
He said the Labour Party was, under the guise of promoting transparency, pursuing its real agenda of raising the inheritance tax.
It also signals new obstacles for a coalition of reformists and moderates under President Hassan Rouhani who are seeking very modest changes in the Islamic republic, analysts say.
They played a nonconference game every year from the 1969-70 season to the 2011-12 season, a series fans of both teams would love to see them resume.
That evidence included metadata hidden in the early documents indicating that they were edited on a computer with Russian language settings.
His Labour Party will never win an election.
They’re going to go to our schools and pay taxes and join our military and work here.
In the view of more than a few observers, these students were taking liberalism to illiberal extremes.
It was hilarious and insightful and wildly entertaining.
This sweet-natured coming-of-age movie, written and directed by Clay Liford, is perhaps more complicated than most by having characters whose sexual orientations aren’t settled.
But those companies appear to be motivated by profit-seeking rather than any political agenda.
Hutner directs the sustainability studies program at Stony Brook University.
He’s no gushing font of political charisma.
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning.
It’s unbelievable.” Rowdy Gaines, who won three gold medals at the Los Angeles Olympics and is part of NBC’s television coverage at the current trials, beat out 49 swimmers to win the 100-meter freestyle at the 1984 trials.
Blanc, who died in 1877, in turn created a dynasty of his own, with S.B.M.
Yet the greatness of the Swedish blue line is not just in its depth of talent but in its diversity.
I hadn’t even considered this bonus when I set out to make a cabbage gratin.
In addition to her daughter, she is survived by a grandson and three great-grandchildren.
He still has a passion for performance.
“Crazy About Tiffany’s” (2016), documentary by Matthew Miele.
As she embarked on a four-state tour, Mrs. Clinton gave a sunny and optimistic summation of her candidacy for the White House.
It was illuminating for me to have Oz describe that kind of behavior in his mother as “Slavic romantic melancholy,” because it associated it with a cultural tendency.
“And I really do want my legacy to look good,” he said.
Before moving to West Virginia to work for SkyTruth, he spent three years working as a marine ob­server on Alaskan fishing boats, logging the details of the daily catch, as required by federal and state fishery authorities.
“We just want to have fun,” Mr. Osborne and Mr. Chow wrote in their show notes, alluding to Cyndi Lauper, girl bands of decades past and their own attitude.
Serious distrust shows that this is about more than failed pipes and flawed decisions; it is about the failure of democracy and the shredding of the social contract.
He said the original schedule had been overly optimistic.
Tickets for the wine tastings cost €30 a person.
In the past, the department paid little attention to recruiting and vetting qualified correction officers.
The attacks are the first time that the United States has flown armed drone missions from Jordan, a staunch ally in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
Are there any scores you wish you could forget?
“When I talk to Indian elites, including the press, there’s this sense of frustration that Modi hasn’t lived up to expectations,” Bruce Stokes, the author of the report and the director of global economic attitudes at the Pew Research Center, said in a telephone interview.
A strong series from Mason was essential for the Flyers to have any chance.
says that the changes to Rule 41 are the best way for them to investigate cybercriminals, including child abusers.
But Ms. Parisse brings a sorrow to Shellie’s problems that, while not exactly cheering, at least feels honest.
Dima’s lawyer, Abeer Baker, mainly blamed the Israeli occupation for the attacks, but said that many of the minors involved had other problems, arguing that they need rehabilitation, not punishment.
The case has attracted new attention to “ parachute kids ,” Asian teenagers sent by their parents to the United States in the hope of securing them a better education and career opportunities.
As part of the show, Anthology Film Archives is screening McDowell, Rubnitz, and Ford films Thursday through Aug. 17; more information at anthologyfilmarchives.org.
As their parent stands guard nearby, downy Citipati, an oviraptor, emerge from their eggs.
Some major technology firms, such as Google, are still planning to support the convention in some fashion.
About six months after being turned away from the first abortion clinic, their mental health resembled that of women who were not turned away and had abortions.
The studio chose Mr. Guadagnino, Mr. Halpern said, because “I Am Love” dealt with “complicated romantic relationships, and it deals with death in this contained sort of rarefied European world.
To create the particles that take flight, more than 30 ingredients were given screen tests.
14 Washington (1-0) crushed Rutgers (0-1) in Seattle.
In a letter to President Obama on July 12, Florida legislators asked for federal funding to avert further disaster.
The highway shoulders have been widened to allow the new bus, called the Flatiron Flyer, to bypass traffic backups, and the one-way, roughly 30-mile trip takes between 38 and 42 minutes, depending on time of day.
I may not have done the job I should in explaining my record.
[ SFGate.com ] • The United States sued Palantir Technologies, a prominent software start-up in Palo Alto, charging systemic discrimination against Asian job applicants.
She then began a rehearsed speech on the subject — but when asked about her own father, she paused.
They include classics like “Star Wars” and more recent movies, like Wes Anderson’s “The Grand Budapest Hotel.” At 8 p.m., SVA Theater, 333 West 23rd Street, Chelsea, 212-592-2980, sva.edu.
He called Mr. Ailes “brilliant” and “visionary.” But he also said, “The rise of Fox News has corresponded with an era of rising polarization in our politics.” Mr. Ailes brilliantly packaged his network as “Fair and balanced,” an antidote for what he described as a liberally biased mediasphere.
In November, Mr. Kyriacou, who is also 30, will return to his position as a litigation associate at the Manhattan law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner.
In Turkey, for the first time, a Kurdish political party entered Parliament after elections.
Oulu is an ideal place to start a technology business, he says: “There are highly talented tech people.” But hiring them is maddeningly complicated.
“They certainly can provide many useful insights, assuming Trump is willing to listen to them – it’s just I would like to see more diversity in terms of expertise and background,” said James Pethokoukis, a commentator at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
Mr. Weisman said Thursday that he had left Twitter because he was frustrated that it allowed people to spew their hate anonymously and that jousting with the bigots had taken up too much of his time.
Ms. Clark makes her themeless debut in the New York Times crossword with a puzzle that left me hungry for more and that’s not just because it’s full of SHAKE ‘N BAKE, SOFT PRETZELs and ROTISSERIE.
A 2006 study published in Epidemiology looked at how preterm delivery occurred among women in active-duty military installations.
The great thing about politics, the reason why we watch it is because what’s true today is not necessarily true tomorrow.
The next year, Mayor David N. Dinkins tried to work out a compromise by having a lesbian and gay group march with an existing delegation.
“I talked to my teachers about my desire to be an astronaut, and they said, ‘Well, you should do science.’ So off I went into science, and I found out I thoroughly enjoyed it,” he said.
The standard package for Mr. Tenenbaum’s company includes admission to either the Empire State Building or Top of the Rock, but not to One World Observatory.
Over/under, 45, the lowest since 2004.
They have limited trawling, put caps on FAD numbers and imposed rules to limit ‘‘bycatch,’’ the unwanted species caught in the hunt for prized fish.
Enter Spirit Possessions Anonymous, a government-sanctioned recovery program for the formerly bedeviled.
On Wednesday, the autographed poem fetched about $148,000 at an auction in the Dutch city of Haarlem, a price that reflected the profound resonance Anne Frank continues to have in global popular culture, seven decades after she perished in the Holocaust.
How will the world receive this catalog of her obsessions, memories, deepest convictions, shames and ecstasies?
And some on the right said they were open to hearing what Mr. Thiel had to say in defense of Mr. Trump.
It shows a befuddled Everyman at a voting booth who, despite having educated himself with newspapers and pamphlets, still can’t make a decision.
The investments, he said, are “value-oriented, if not contrarian.” Hostess fit that formula.
Barea had 19 points for the Mavericks in the first half while the opposing point guard, Reggie Jackson, was 0 for 7 with four turnovers.
But Laos, cited by Traffic as a hub for illegal pangolin trade, and other nations have not passed the necessary laws.
It was not only easy but also thrilling to imagine an entire season of Richard, Jared, Gilfoyle, Dinesh and even the woefully superfluous Erlich pulling end-arounds at the office to bring their skunkworks to life.
Nobody but Mr. Kim and his underlings know.
Bernie Sanders wanted to talk.
Harder wrote that Gawker’s actions exposed the company “to substantial monetary damages and punitive damages.” He also appeared to want the letter to stay out of the public eye: “This letter is confidential and protected by applicable copyright law,” he wrote.
Visitors to a recent open house at a co-op on East 14th Street might have thought they were experiencing a computer rendering come to life.
It’s a catalog that makes it fair to wonder what in the world of popular music isn’t, somewhere in its essence, glam.
“One pigeon gives the love of 10 women.” The passion for pigeons sustained the Uighurs , a largely Muslim Turkic-speaking minority, long before the People’s Republic of China took control of their traditional homeland more than 60 years ago and named it the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region.
“If I get stressed or overwhelmed, I always want to give up,” Ms. Jones said.
When rain arrived in the second half, many spectators simply gave up and left early.
She earns roughly $1,200 a month, and receives $100 in monthly food stamps.
Did you miss the company of women when you were on the road?
Those are themes he continues to explore elsewhere on the album, like on “Corn on the Curb”: “I broke down a few more barricades, got me a few more accolades/I used to look forward to the weekend, now every day’s like Saturday.” And Skepta’s most convincing when talking smack to an antagonist — his insults are pummeling and sometimes comically small: “My mum don’t know your mum/Stop telling man you’re my cousin.” “Konnichiwa” also shows Skepta attempting to thread the needle when it comes to his sonic evolution, to mixed effect.
Turnovers come in bunches if you keep working hard at it.” Manning said Beckham needed to keep his emotions in check.
Furyk reached 11 under on the par-70 course with his seventh straight birdie at No.
Doctors normally recommend painkillers and rest to help the fever pass.
Mr. Roux, 31, is the general counsel and chief compliance officer at Hamlin Capital Management, an asset management firm in Manhattan.
“I’m sure a lot of people will disagree with me, but he helped a lot of people.” Kathy Driscoll, 70, who grew up in the same housing project with Mr. Bulger, said she had a hard time squaring the meager remains of the gangster’s life with his outsized reputation, and could hardly comprehend that someone with so much money and power had lived such a crimped, little life.
For some, those may be about family, for others, about work.
“I’ve got to learn how to dance.” He signed up for a dance class, without knowing what it was; it turned out to be a Martha Graham technique class, which wasn’t quite what he had in mind.
“With its main pillar, the military, broken, the Turkish state will no longer be able to check a divided society or effectively counter security threats,” said Halil Karaveli, a senior fellow at the Central Asia-Caucasus Institute and Silk Road Studies Program.
Sometimes she seems to know the Afghan law better than the Afghans themselves.” THE daughter of an African-American United States airman and a Korean mother who met at Osan Air Base near Seoul, Ms. Motley was born and raised in Milwaukee.
“It really makes a big difference,” said Mr. Alvarado, 29, who plans to use the money to buy clothes for his 11-year-old son.
Some in the neighborhood still remember what it was like when Ali was growing up here.
“They created the wealth that made all this possible.” Magnolia Plantation, founded by the Drayton family in 1676, has similarly launched a preservation project.
DEER LAKE, Pa. — Turn off Highway 61 and drive up a winding two-lane road through woods with yellow and red leaves.
The key element of the fight was expected to be the takedown.
As the campaign continues, Times readers tell me, they would like to see less obsession with Mrs. Clinton, less personality-driven coverage, fewer horse-race stories and more in-depth reporting on the critical issues facing the nation.
Now, with the session set to end today, state lawmakers are feverishly trying to make up for lost time by introducing, proposing and amending dozens of bills.
Obama would focus his tax cuts on everyone but the rich – and give those families more as a result.
Chris Christie , a Republican, was relieved enough about the condition of the state that he headed back to New Hampshire on Sunday afternoon to continue his presidential campaign, less than 48 hours after returning to New Jersey.
She is Laure Fourquet, not Fouquet.
When the federal government pays for a substandard education directly, it’s a waste of public money, but the risks are spread across millions of taxpayers.
Outlander “After three episodes that have introduced new players and their various alliances, this week’s hour is overloaded with plot twists,” writes Angelica Jade Bastién .
While in his 30s, Mr.
Emily Kathleen Parker and Jonathan Joseph Ivers were married Jan. 16 at Church of the Resurrection in Rye, N.Y.
Not everyone loved those two trends when they made their catwalk debuts (“There’s a reason those 1980s pieces ended up in resale shops as opposed to preserved for posterity,” Vanessa Friedman, The Times fashion critic, wrote of the look as interpreted by Anthony Vaccarello at Yves Saint Laurent).
So is the odd specificity of his support for Mr. Putin’s priorities, which is in stark contrast with the vagueness of everything else he has said about policy.
They play again tonight (8 p.m. Eastern, FS1).
The 8-yard pass, like several of Palmer’s throws in the first half, sailed high, but the 6-foot-3 Floyd was able to stretch for it.
GREENWICH “Choosing Hope,” discussion with Newtown teacher Kaitlin Roig-DeBellis.
I don’t agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that.” Mr. Trump, expressing gratitude for the compliment, offered his own.
A powerful, elegant history of the influential paper.
Citing the pilot shortage, two regional operators, Republic Airways and SeaPort Airlines , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in February.
It flares orange, in chromatic symphony with his face.
President Hassan Rouhani of Iran told his cabinet ministers the day after the American election that the agreement “cannot be overturned by one government’s decision,” according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency.
Shine, who is now part of the interim management team at Fox News, has told associates that he did not know Mr. Ailes was having a relationship with Ms. Luhn.
Some find this piece strange, the music of a man suffering a mental collapse.
■ The Brazilian-born goalkeeper Guilherme made history when he went on as a halftime substitute in Russia’s 3-0 friendly victory over Lithuania.
“But you have to get it done in a way that brings the community along.” Officials hope to finish testing at the Second Avenue stations by Dec. 22, giving workers a weeklong “cushion” in case there is a problem, Mr. Cuomo said.
In our series of false starts and hairpin turns, Joe pointed out other notable residences.
The mission, they vowed, would not involve “troops on the ground.” Yet the Pentagon now has more than 4,000 troops in Iraq and 300 in Syria.
“There were blood splatters everywhere,” said Eylul Kaya, 37, sitting outside with her 1-year-old son.
For her, the increased time alone with her daughter was very positive.
She graduated from Grinnell College in Grinnell, Iowa, and received a master’s in social work from Columbia.
At least one advocacy group, the Roosevelt Island Disabled Association , supports the conservancy’s viewpoint.
At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, 212-475-8592, bluenote.net.
Richa Tandon, a daughter of Neeta Tandon and Kishore Tandon of South Brunswick, N.J., was married Aug. 27 to Dr. Mrunal Harendrasinh Parmar, the son of Sohagi Parmar and Harendrasinh Parmar of Paramus, N.J. Pandit Bharatkumar Jani, a Hindu priest, officiated at the Hilton Pearl River in Pearl River, N.Y.
Wednesday’s gala began with a piece (new to New York) by Mr. Taylor, “Sullivaniana.” Like many Taylor creations this century, it seemed like a skillful preliminary sketch of something this master didn’t have the energy to turn into an interesting dance.
Secondly, as it relates to Iran, we need to confront their ambitions across the board.
Portugal had wasted chances before then, notably in the 22nd minute when Ronaldo found Nani in the box with a precise cross.
Men and women who work on heights or narrow beams must wear safety harnesses that wrap around the thighs, shoulder and waist and are attached to lanyards, or cables, that are fitted with shock absorbers to gently break any falls.
the wall street journal Bidding War for Asciano Heats Up | Asciano said its board deemed Qube’s cash-and-share proposal to be the better offer and Brookfield Infrastructure is now working on a revised proposal.
He is facing a rebellion against the crown led by a charismatic female warrior.
Picking one would slight the others and waste time.
Talbott’s concisely delivered information (“A wolf pack is a family group that works as a team to hunt and care for their young”) shades right into a tale: “There was once an orphaned wolf pup who tagged along behind a pack ….” This pup eventually encounters his human counterpart, an orphaned boy out scavenging, and a friendship grows based on mutual usefulness — the boy throws the wolf pup a bone to make him stop howling.
The signs are there that his career is falling into deep twilight, but the Spurs, locked in a struggle with the Thunder, will hope he has a little magic left.
Ten years later, Ms. Albert is too ambitious and too intoxicated with her own grift to venture a frank assessment of its causes and consequences.
That is a parking lot and single-story grocery building in the heart of Park Slope.
Though Mr. Cruz’s delegate haul paled in comparison to his once-lofty “Super Tuesday” ambitions for a sweep across the South, the evening seemed likely to deliver a needed jolt to his campaign.
As part of this season’s exploration, the orchestra is asking ensembles to play it, or selections from it, or reinterpretations of it.
It isn’t that you hate women-only races or are a bad feminist , I thought.
At Kleiner Perkins, Lacob was often forced to change entire management teams and restructure companies before he could make them profitable.
In the famous photograph, the band’s original members loiter next to a crumbling brick wall near East Second Street and the Bowery in the East Village.
Friday and Saturday from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sunday from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Metropolitan Pavilion, 125 West 18th Street, Chelsea, 212-255-2003, affordableartfair.com/newyork.
It was a relatively new pastime that was unencumbered by restrictions imposed by the previous Communist regime.
I muddled my way through and ended up with a plain, beautiful pie that tasted even better the next day, chilled, when the custard turned creamy and dense and the onions mellowed.
The Democratic shift toward a more unapologetic brand of populist economics gained steam when Mr. Sanders electrified many on the left, and even some more moderate party activists across the Midwest, in his primary race against Mrs. Clinton.
The inflation outlook will most likely determine the timing of further interest rate increases by the Fed, which last month imposed the first rate increase in nearly a decade.
A $285 million program started in 2014 directs improvements to historically underfinanced parks.
A shark sits trapped at an office desk; scallops chill out on a swing; a plush hermit crab is splayed across an X-shaped table base, while another rests on a lifeguard chair while holding a news conference.
Sumo, which seems to embody Japanese tradition, got its first foreign-born champion in 1972 when Jesse Kuhaulua, a Hawaiian known by the sumo name Takamiyama , won a tournament in Nagoya.
“At the same time,” Mr.
But it’s true also that the place is so small — it needs a lot of money to make it maybe the way he could have made it or to make it as classy as what I imagined he would have liked.
By the time his grandfather died, Mr. Nucci had already moved away from his home village.
It doesn’t even sound as if the Rubio team knows when it will win one.
Known for her overtly provocative, slinky, slit-up-to-there dresses and big gold emblems, Versace staged something akin to a feminist rally: a giant venue, loud music, lots of friends and model upon model stomping (rather than the usual hip-thrusty gait) through the cavernous space in clothes that felt strong and sexy — which shouldn’t be such a rare combination in fashion, but is.
A 23-year-old student died of his injuries in West Bengal early Tuesday after he was beaten by a crowd of villagers who suspected him of stealing a water buffalo, the police said.
The ambition and ingenuity required to bring petroleum up from beneath the ocean floor is pretty remarkable.
During the nine months of intense negotiations that led to the conclusion of the military aid agreement, Mr. Netanyahu’s aides were concerned that completing the deal might embolden Mr. Obama to go ahead with such a move, which the prime minister strongly opposes.
• An obituary on Wednesday about the poet Lucia Perillo misspelled the given name of one of her brothers.
For decades, the Wooster Group warily circled Harold Pinter’s first play, “The Room.” The theater troupe — a fixture of the downtown New York experimental theater scene — never had quite the right configuration of actors, never quite the right opening in its schedule.
The donkeys are the last of more than 500 that were castoffs from the early days of Hawaiian coffee and agricultural plantations.
(Mr. Manafort has also said he was unaware of the matter.)
for them to trust him,” Mr. Baldassare said.
“Cuban baseball has reached a point where the only things that create a stir are defections, brawls and abrupt resignations,” a writer charged in an opinion article published late last month in the newspaper Vanguardia.
“Tharlo” begins with its title character, a middle-aged shepherd who has lived practically all of his life atop a Tibetan mountain tending his animals, reciting a speech by Mao Zedong to a local law-enforcement official, who is greatly impressed with the shepherd’s memory.
A trial judge blocked the law, saying that such doctors were often unable to obtain admitting privileges for reasons unrelated to their competence and that the law created an undue burden on a woman’s constitutional right to abortion.
But in its heyday, anarchism promoted a broadly appealing vision of a free, stateless society.
But there is still the unexamined cumulative impact of living with sexism.
“The combined scale of our businesses is critical to our ability to take advantage of that growth,” he said.
I can’t pretend that any of them have ever interested me.
An initial group of donors pledged $50,000; the goal was to ask the “nerdz” for small donations to match that sum.
As part of a new citizen-science initiative called the American Gut project, the lab sequenced my microbiome — that is, the genes not of “me,” exactly, but of the several hundred microbial species with whom I share this body.
The streaming service said that it does not disclose ratings because it works on a subscription model, and does not sell advertising to adults under the age of 50, as most TV networks do.
The director, Steven Okazaki, talks to Mifune collaborators like the actress Kyoko Kagawa and Kanzo Uni, a sword-fight choreographer whom Mr. Mifune is said to have “killed” more than 100 times.
Her Mon Bijoux necklace, for example, has opaque orbs of animal parchment strung on gilded wire, each bearing an image stitched in catgut thread of an embryo in one of nine stages of development.
I logged on to the website to see my ancestry composition distilled into a pie chart.
They can think they’re just one big idea or one friend away from that level of success.
And if we got this so wrong, what else are we missing?
“This could really effectively eat into the institutional durability of NATO’s second-largest military,” said Soner Cagaptay, a specialist on Turkey at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
The Australian designer Marc Newson reinvented Louis Vuitton’s luggage design in July, with a collection of roller cases (from $3,700) in pink, yellow and orange versions with minimal branding — a first for the French heritage brand known for its monogrammed trunks.
Despite its importance, Miami-Dade County, population 2.8 million, spends just $1.8 million on mosquito control, enough for a staff of 17, of whom 12 are inspectors.
That analysis is sure to be seized on by lawyers for Mr. Allen and Mr. Conti to argue that even if their efforts to influence the interest rate submission were successful, it was not the type of misstatement sufficient for a wire fraud conviction.
To mitigate the jitters while performing in front of live audiences as a stand-up comedian, he said he often reminds himself to take a childlike approach.
Brendan Byrne, another Democrat, hit 17 percent, the record low for New Jersey governors, in 1977, but was re-elected.
It is potentially corrosive.” IVO H. DAALDER , a former American representative to NATO, on the British vote to leave the European Union.
| Contact amie.tsang@nytimes.com TCC Group of Thailand to Buy Stake in Hypermarket Operator | Groupe Casino has agreed to sell its stake in the Thai hypermarket operator Big C Supercenter for €3.1 billion, or about $3.46 billion, to a Thai billionaire.
Ultimately, the bank became concerned about apparent inconsistencies in Mr. Thorburn’s story, and placed him on leave, they said.
Mocked him on national television.” Trump: “Wrong.” 2016.
Many workplaces request that their employees not discuss politics in the office.
It’s low in sugars and refined carbs, and it’s very high in plant foods.
The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997, but under an agreement between China and Britain, the city is entitled to maintain its own legal and economic structures for 50 years under the model of “one country, two systems.” Although three other booksellers connected with Mighty Current Media revealed little about their detentions after they were released this year, Mr. Lam spoke in detail about being taken into custody at Hong Kong’s border with the mainland and spending months in solitary confinement.
This time, not just when it comes to the general population, but fashion itself.
Searching for a food that could satisfy both of us, my daughter suggested a miniature caesar-salad wrap on a toothpick.
And he was given two seats on Salomon’s board.
“They don’t treat me like a human being.
Name Danielle Bernstein Age 23 Hometown Great Neck, N.Y. Now Lives In a one-bedroom loft in the West Village with her French bulldog, Bleecker (more than 25,500 Instagram followers).
LOUIS: Excuse me, Senator, Senator, Senator, Senator, Senator... SANDERS: Are you for a tax on carbon or not?
“We went into attack mode and stayed on it the whole time.
Members of his team, he said, “are trained to kind of identify the targets.” But it is not clear whether any officers in that gunfight were from the SWAT team, and it is clear that some were not.
He turned away from video clips and live shows; he set out to make more mature statements in his songs, though he never completely abandoned singing about love and desire.
Scientists have been trying for years to call attention to the boreal forest.
Mr. Trump moved to firmer ground with his critique of Mr. Obama’s wavering in the Middle East — backing away from that famous ‘red line’ over Syria’s use of chemical weapons — and his argument that the United States lacks a coherent foreign policy since the Reagan era.
For many here, it has not been all that bad.
(“No Villain” won Miller $250 in a playwriting competition, thereby enabling the fledgling scribe to continue his studies.)
The best way to watch the Olympics is online or on the NBC Sports app .
Elizabeth is shamed by her misjudgment, and by the humiliations Darcy endures to rescue her sister.
Unfortunately, like the numerically driven enforcement model, the formal community policing strategy implies that officers cannot be treated as professionals, trusted to exercise proper judgment in any situation without micromanagement.
As Jake Smolinski crossed the plate and Billy Burns followed him, giving Oakland the lead in the fifth inning, Pineda hopped up and down several times.
To Preserve a Sport, More Power to the Players To The Sports Editor: Re “Tough Call in a Sport: To Referee or Not,” June 19: Pro ultimate team owners please note: Let the players make foul calls first and then turn to referees if they want, to preserve spirit of the game.
A single by Nunez drove in another run.
This trip, which covers four time zones and more than 6,000 miles in 11 days, did not get off to a good start, with a 6-2 loss in Pittsburgh on Monday.
With Mr. Trump in the South, Mrs. Clinton has been spending her week in Ohio and Virginia, two of the most crucial states for winning the presidency.
Either God is identified with the oppressed to the point that their experience becomes God’s experience, or God is a God of racism.” To many activists then and now, the test of theology is not Scripture, church tradition or scholarly consensus, but whether it empowers the oppressed.
Several towns along the Jersey Shore were hit with flooding and power loss on Saturday as strong winds combined with a high tide to push water onto barrier islands.
— New York Herald Tribune, European Edition, Feb. 29, 1941
After last week’s fatal train crash at the Hoboken Terminal, here’s what you need to know for your Wednesday commute.
(The recent statistic , somewhat shocking to the creative class, that even in our highly-mobile and deracinated America most people live within eighteen miles of their moms, should tell you something about the resilience of tribe even in a late-modern WEIRDo society like ours.)
That’s how rape was used in Bosnia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (and earlier, in the partition of India and the liberation war of Bangladesh ), and that’s how it is being used today in Iraq and Syria.
Video obtained by the website TMZ appeared to show Barnes leaving the club with his teammate DeMarcus Cousins.
But many of them were immigrants, not United States citizens.
Thailand, another American ally in Southeast Asia, has also increasingly turned toward China, raising the prospect that Washington faces frayed ties with two of its longstanding partners in the region.
To the Editor: Re “ In the Middle East, a Covert Friendship?
The North’s launchings of three-stage rockets in recent years, particularly the latest on Feb. 7, have led American and South Korean officials to conclude that North Korea had cleared some, if not all, the technological hurdles in building an ICBM.
“We’ve spoken to eyewitnesses in Maungdaw Township who report witnessing the Myanmar Army shooting and killing Rohingya men ,” Mr. Smith said.
You can see where things went wrong; just back it up and you’re O.K.
The Chargers said they preferred to move to downtown San Diego.
Di María, who plays for Paris St.-Germain, has sustained significant injuries in each of the last three summer tournaments.
He ruled that comments by Attorney General Maura Healey of Massachusetts at a news conference about the investigations in March , which also featured former Vice President Al Gore, may have shown that she was presupposing what an investigation would show, which may demonstrate that she acted in bad faith in pursuing the case.
Время от времени на своей новой работе я и сам чувствую себя шпионом, причем с весьма неважным прикрытием.
By noon, he was back in his truck for a five-minute drive to his other waterfront location, near Gosman’s Dock, which also is the office of Whalebone magazine and makes you want to quit your corporate drive and move to the tip of the Island immediately.
For Florida Georgia Line, a Nashville duo influenced more by 50 Cent than Kris Kristofferson, it’s when the party begins.
In 1972, Iowa moved its caucuses earlier to the first month of the year, requiring candidates to begin their campaigns well before then; other states followed in the 1980s.
If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page.
Students 13 and older are invited to comment below.
“I think I’m gonna buy a farm and settle down out here.”
Defense lawyers for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tried to portray him as being bullied by his older brother to participate in the plot, but a Massachusetts jury rejected that argument and recommended the death penalty.
• The International Monetary Fund releases its updated forecasts on global growth today.
I also like to watch displays at the annual Montreal International Fireworks Competition .
“After news came of Mr. Kuhn’s death, many booksellers called us because their stocks were quickly sold out.” “We’ve sold more than a hundred thousand copies, and sales have been good and stable,” Mr. Huang said in an interview.
As far as what are we going to make it look like.
But the rhetorician Obama who spoke to the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia this summer could have taken whole paragraphs from the speech with which the young Illinois State Senator Barack Obama made his national debut at the Democratic Convention in Boston 12 years ago.
Ms. Isaacs, 66, would have to step aside for at least a year.)
Lunch followed, and then museum visits, reggae concerts and road trips.
A reporter was present as well, but upon making her profession and affiliation known, and asking questions about the hotel’s vitality, the group of employees disbanded and disappeared.
Though neither of them can recall precisely when they first met, their long association dates from the 1950s, when they became acquainted through Jack Kerouac, one of Mr. Lord’s first clients .
Ms. Moore said she was a music fan, but added that residents “are entitled to the quiet enjoyment of their home.” Some critics say that the proposal, as written, would apply to all studios, but Ms. Moore insists that it would apply only to new ones.
Youngsters as well as grown-ups also may be fascinating by the perceptually confounding “Mirror Labyrinth NY,” which consists of mirror-surfaced planks of stainless steel in varying heights planted in the grass in a spiral formation.
Jared’s sexual prowess adds to a character book that’s growing sadder and stranger by the episode.
“He charmed people,” Mr. Grisales said.
They admonish liberals to grow a tougher skin and put up with speech or views they disagree with or even find offensive.
The bottle of Champagne I’d opened as part of an anticipated victory celebration still sat on the coffee table, only one-third finished, the unconsumed flat remainder marking the exact moment that my future, as a transgender American, became uncertain.
(O’Donnell) THE HOLD STEADY (Wednesday through Dec. 3) This indie-rock band, beloved by critics and the bearded-hipster contingent, is commemorating the 10th anniversary of its third album, “Boys and Girls in America,” with four shows in its Brooklyn backyard.
They were like so many of the taxi and tricycle drivers, the shopkeepers and the overseas Filipino workers I’d talked to in recent days, who kept saying matapang : Tagalog for bold or brave, and shorthand for Mr. Duterte’s unique audacity, which they believe will bring security and prosperity to the Philippines.
Booth Theater, 222 West 45th Street, 212-239-6200, hughiebroadway.com.
The book, on loan from the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, drew a steady stream of visitors last Saturday, including Amy Redhage, who had driven seven hours from Lowden, Iowa, with her five children.
Hillary Clinton’s loss by nearly 22 percentage points magnified her challenges.
“There’s a guy that follows me, right back here, has the nuclear codes,” Mr. Biden said at one point.
The charges included racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering.
The liquid in a braise softens these sinews.
Amy Lynn, 59, a benefits administrator for the town of New Canaan, Conn., said she had been waiting for years to redo two dated bathrooms in her raised ranch in Monroe, Conn.
What had Mark lit up was cover crops: fields of noncash crops like hairy vetch and cereal rye that act on soil like a nourishing facial after the harvest.
Last month, the authorities began barring foreign tourists from going to central Tibet, known as the Tibet Autonomous Region, according to an advocacy group based in Washington, the International Campaign for Tibet.
I have had the opportunity to run a big agency.
The outpouring of social media support for Two Women Travel is the latest indication that the public has moved a long way from the church’s “no abortion, no way, not ever” stance.
As a preschooler, Zoe Reiches announced to her family that she planned to build an orphanage in Africa when she grew up.
2 Duke before the Blue Devils clamped down in the second half, limiting her to just 4 more.
Obama draws the line in the sand.
The director John Doyle has slimmed down and toned up a show that seemed leaden and garish in its original Broadway incarnation.
Some scholars, including Cao Siyuan, have suggested adopting an electoral presidential system tailored for China.
I’m a fiend for authenticity and technical choreography.
Under a tentative pact, G.M.
That Hillhouse investment ended up taking Yale on a wild ride during the 2008 financial crisis.
years or decades later.” Perl takes some solace from the past.
She seldom danced the solo less than twice in succession; I recall the joyous way she basked in the applause — she even became sexy — more fondly than I recall her dancing.
in comedic arts, the first such program in the nation.
This is a shift for Mrs. Clinton, who in 2008 split her colleagues with Barack Obama, a senator whose candidacy caught on with other Democrats far later in the game.
Comix Mohegan Sun, 1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard.
It is a four-letter word aptly ending with the letter K, which has been extremely handy when affixed to music, poetry, fashion, art, politics, dance and media; probably there will be punk fitness, philosophy, economics, sports, cooking and things we don’t yet have names for.
There’s a heat advisory in effect beginning at noon, so stay inside as much as possible and crank up the air conditioning.
Waiters shook his head when asked if he realized he had elbowed Ginobili.
I’m looking at the Olympics.
And they spring up where you least expect them, like wildflowers, in empty lots all over the city.
Despite the fact that polls showing him winning Iowa were wrong, Mr. Trump continued to cite public surveys in his speech, noting that he’s up by large double digits in New Hampshire.
Collins did not believe it would take long to incorporate, and thought Bumgarner presented a prime example of how it can work effectively.
But Pence said Trump “would never support legislation” along that line.
It is 2019, not 2018.
My only qualm is that the rhythms vary so rarely that a certain monotony sets in.
That means the warehouse looting in Juba, which would have required a herculean effort involving hundreds of people over several days, will have ripple effects all across this desperately hungry country.
Stockpiles of food and supplies have dwindled to near nothing on the rebel-held side, according to a report from Aleppo by Agence France-Presse.
“And the Netherlands and France are now more linked thanks to this deal, and also the Louvre is now connected with the Rijksmuseum more than ever.
He continued to tell potential caucusgoers other useful facts, like: “Most Caribbean islands have sunshine 300 days a year,” and “Puerto Rico has wind in places where it wouldn’t interfere with tourism.” Mr. Clinton later turned to discussing his allergies with the man working behind the bakery counter at Sweetopia.
Their dad, hey, you know what?
A videotape at the event showed Warlick and the former Lady Vols guard Michelle Brooke-Marciniak in tears as they described what Summitt had meant to them.
“We don’t want to commercialize it too much; there are enough wineries like that elsewhere,” said Ms. Kapralova.
“He’s seeing borderline pitches, staying off a ball; he’s not check-swinging and offering.
On Tuesday, the retailers Staples and Office Depot called off their $6.3 billion deal .
“What I was told is the issue has been satisfactorily resolved to all concerned, and I said in that event, I’m happy to accept.” Mr. Mitchell, who grew up in Maine and now lives on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, said the parade on March 17 would be the first in which he has marched.
The Italian club played with 10 men from the 69th minute as goalkeeper Samir Handanovic was sent off for a foul that prompted Hapoel’s equalizer on a penalty kick.
official expressed confidence that the industry may still match or exceed the sales record set last year.
The theme will change next month at this kitchen space for dessert tastings, upstairs from Dominique Ansel Kitchen in the West Village.
Illegal immigration is beyond belief.
David Cromer’s deeply empathic production – and Susannah Flood and Carter Hudson’s intense central performance – remind us that in exciting theater, feeling trumps science (2:00).
The 76ers pushed the Warriors to the brink before falling, 108-105 , when Harrison Barnes connected on a 3-pointer with two-tenths of a second left.
Politicians see paid leave as a way to ease economic anxiety among American workers.
For additional coverage, follow this article from two of our reporters who were covering this story in Washington, or scroll down through this blog to see how the day’s developments played out.
Then, when everything seemed to go wrong at the same time, in the worst way possible, many of them banded together to help one another survive.
Mr. Obama traveled to La Jolla on Sunday to laugh at that flier, calling it “the definition of chutzpah.” At a $10,000-per-plate dinner for Mr. Applegate, Mr. Obama said defeating Republicans like Mr. Issa meant rejecting “the climate inside the Republican Party that resulted in Donald Trump getting the nomination.” Mr. Issa is worth about $250 million, and he built his fortune on the Viper, a car alarm that uses Mr. Issa’s recorded voice to command passers-by to “step away from the car.” Republicans have been stepping away from Mr. Issa recently, finding the Viper King too vituperative even for them.
In the 1950s, teams always had a No.
Some online accounts said many thousands of people, even 10,000, had taken part.
“Welcome to the #WhiteLash ,” Van Jones, a CNN political commentator, said on Twitter, a play on “backlash.” Adding to the disappointment was Mr. Trump’s own history.
I take it pretty easy.
Known to the show’s hero, Elliot (Rami Malek), as Evil Corp, this conglomerate is both the primary villain of “Mr.
That day, we’ll post a poem and and will run a live-moderated discussion of it using the same V.T.S.
Coutinho’s second goal, at 29 minutes, was far more straightforward — he rolled the ball in from close range after Jonas had teed him up — though equally important.
There was also a 52 percent reduced risk for respiratory disease, 39 percent for diabetes and 75 percent reduced risk for infectious disease in those who ate the most nuts.
“If I do nothing else in my life, I got my mother some teeth.” Another person leaving elected office also weighs in.
The independence of dance from music in Mr. Crossman’s work has been widespread since Merce Cunningham and John Cage established the separate coexistence of the two in the 1950s; Mr. Crossman danced with the Cunningham troupe from 2009 to 2011.
“There was a corridor I had to walk,” he said, which was easier than total freedom.
Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center, 76 Main Street.
The 10 tigers removed by the government were taken by truck to a government center, the Khao Prathap Chang Wildlife Breeding Center, in neighboring Ratchaburi Province, where each has a 430-square-foot cage equipped with a concrete pool the size of a large bathtub.
“You can ask her anything.” But when people have been stars for as long as Ms. Streisand has, they have usually been asked pretty much everything already, and usually the answers don’t change.
President Obama said on Thursday that the United States would continue to enhance security cooperation with its allies in the Persian Gulf, while encouraging them to carry out domestic reforms and bolster their ability to defend themselves.
“That doesn’t make sense,” Mr. Robinson, 34, answered.
There are rarer horrors, too, where the death or the bankruptcy of the co-signer causes an automatic default, according to the bureau.
He recalled how Mr. Crosbie was instrumental in making the decision in 2005 to temporarily stop running the railroad’s Acela trains .
That was the most important thing.
Anderson’s right knee slightly buckled as he made a cut on the final play of the first quarter, an 11-yard run.
Ms. Falque-Pierrotin, for instance, has already received complaints against several unnamed companies, though she is waiting until February before deciding whether to begin investigations into how certain companies move data from France to the United States.
Most activity monitors incorporate those guidelines into their calculation about how much exercise people should complete.
“What fascinated us is the story of a woman with an incredible lust for life and a powerful instinct to survive, and to reinvent herself and to transform herself.
Gvasalia: Me, I never think of that working on the collection.
Is Islam part of this religious revival?
The city began shutting down many welfare hotels after a 1987 court decision; in 1990, the Prince George was emptied out — the beginning of a quieter chapter.
And while fiscal policy — essentially, spending more to offset the effects of China spending less — would surely work, how many people believe that Republicans would be receptive to a new Obama stimulus plan, or that German politicians would look kindly on a proposal for bigger deficits in Europe?
Denver, like many communities, began adding fluoride to its water system in the 1950s, a move the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has hailed as one of the top public health achievements of the 20th century.
During wartime shortages of manpower, he worked on a farm and as a volunteer police officer.
League officials said the drop was not without precedent; heavy snow, even when shows are not canceled, has a significant effect on attendance.
But in the 1990s, a series of clashes between religious groups led to an effective apartheid, with people leaving their once peacefully mixed neighborhoods to live with those who shared their beliefs.
To complete the journey, we rode a suburban train 45 minutes west to the beach town of Cascais, where a cabdriver cheerfully agreed to take us four and a half miles to Praia do Guincho, a rocky beach on the Atlantic Ocean.
In December, an Iranian military ship fired a missile near American and French vessels in international waters.
President Santos has said he hopes that one dividend of the peace accord will be a reduction in the drug trafficking that financed the internal armed conflict.
I do bicep curls with the bar on a daily basis.
He regularly visits the Capitol in Des Moines to pray with and lobby legislators with the Family Leader, a conservative Iowa group.
Odd as it may sound, the Haggler is a little conflicted about such an outcome.
In Android 5.0 and later, open the Contacts on your Android device and tap the entry you want to use.
Cynthia J. Arnson, who directs the Latin America program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, a Washington-based think tank, said the new agreement made significant nods to those who voted against its previous iteration.
I thought I knew him, but now he was like someone else.
The rising prices and sporadic uncertainty here followed the rupture of a 36-inch pipeline that ordinarily carries about 1.3 million barrels of refined gasoline a day.
“It’s so stupid I’m speechless,” Cancellara said at the time.
“Our readers are time poor,” Ms. Phillips said of The New Day’s target audience, “and they don’t like being told what to think.” Still, analysts said, persuading consumers to switch back to buying print media from a newsstand is no small challenge.
Some of the female characters are underdeveloped, and William Hurt’s evil-law-boss character would be more at home in a Batman cartoon, but I still devoured the six episodes made available to critics.
“They’re like frescoes, even though they’re on canvas — absolutely charming,” he said in an interview.
The oldest players are barely post-adolescent.
The slaughter of California’s Indians was rapid and thorough even by the grim standards prevailing elsewhere in North America.
Mr. Obama chided lawmakers last week, saying they should not leave town at the end of this week unless they reconcile their differences over a Zika prevention funding bill and send him public health legislation he is willing to sign.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
I still think we have the prospects, if necessary, in our system to move, and from a financial standpoint I think we also have what is necessary.
I like it that way.
What’s interesting is that had her life been as traditional as she wanted, she wouldn’t have progressed so far into the modern world.
Audrey Guiny, 24, who was shot in the foot and had to quit her job as a first-aid worker, had mixed emotions about coming, but also deep resolve.
treaty was signed, some Russian officials appear to have had buyer’s remorse, arguing that Moscow needs more ways to respond to the potential array of threats around its periphery.
(APPLAUSE) Very good to be here with you.
The three-page letter, which did not make specific requests, expressed support for certain recent actions taken by the I.O.C.
It was a moment his public relations handlers could have done without.
“He just plays the truth of the character, and he lets the audience decide.” With his customary stoicism, Mr. Bernthal said that all these apparent burdens, whether absorbing another actor’s fists or an audience’s hostility, were just more chances to demonstrate his aptitude for job.
Shelley Brette Jacobson and Scott Haaga Hughes were married July 23.
The presentation was held in a rug store in TriBeCa — which gave the whole thing a cozy, and totally unique, feel.
Speaking as a layman, I would offer a simpler (cruder?)
He never announced any such candidates.
And if that doesn’t happen?
The cracking unit was one of 39 built by Winkler-Koch from 1928 to 1934, he said.
The transmission line, which could create thousands of temporary manufacturing and construction jobs in the state, attracted strong support among some economic development officials and landowners.
Later in Mr. Bowie’s career, he showed a remarkable generosity of spirit toward younger artists.
A look at the latest results for Iowa and New Hampshire, and how this year compares to previous election seasons.
In recent days, Anthony has been socializing with Durant in New York and working out with him in what amounts to an unofficial wooing of the Oklahoma City star before he officially becomes a free agent next month.
A bungalow in the foothills an hour northwest of Hollywood stands in for the patio of Johnson’s Texas ranch.
These include “Moss wall,” a giant moss canvas; and “Reversed Waterfall,” a tiered installation piece in which water shoots upward, toward the top of a waterfall.
You have to find the right kind of person who wants that freedom and rope.”
Del Potro beat John Isner of the United States, 6-4 7-6 (6).
Miles was a throwback, and fans may in future years see him as the last of his kind at a program as prominent as L.S.U.’s.
The assistant hitting coach, Bill Mueller, will coach first base and assume Oquendo’s infield instruction duties.
Mr. Trump and his daughter Ivanka sued the company, saying their brand was being tarnished by the ramshackle appearance of the Taj Mahal.
“He said, ‘If you like it, you hire me.
So begins Natalie Margolin’s “The Power of Punctuation,” a wee-hours comedy about the rules of friendship, directed by Casey Griffin at the Davenport Theater.
She also wrote “The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama,” a book published the day President Obama was inaugurated in 2009.
It was odd; it felt as if I were in a time bubble, with all things suspended around me, as if everyone had gone to lunch and then forgotten to come back.
An excellent value with Dutch style and British humor, the Hoxton Amsterdam hits the sweet spot by balancing a hip vibe and relaxation.
“As more people become more familiar with more of these memes, you get this cross-pollination,” Professor Milner said.
On my visit last spring, its popular barbecue pork sandwich, a juicy, messy, spill-out-of-a-toasted-onion-bun affair, was piled nearly an inch high with pork shoulder that had been roasted for eight hours, then pulled and tossed in a house-made tomato- and cider-vinegar-based sauce.
After all, the Cubs are clearly the best team in baseball, on the field and on paper.
But more realistically if Romney got in he would be running to beat Trump, with the chance of winning outright as a kind of elusive, secondary dream.
Now Mr. Dyson is trying to extend that influence into hitherto unchartered territory: the global beauty and grooming sector.
“It is a waste of resources for the companies, for their shareholders, and for the S.E.C.,” said Mr. Posey, who has accepted donations from oil and gas companies.
But demographic changes, including a growing Dominican population in areas like Washington Heights, helped create the conditions for Mr. Espaillat’s victory.
Lumos Labs, the developer of Lumosity “brain training” games, will pay $2 million to settle accusations it misled customers about the cognitive benefits of its online apps and programs.
The festival announced half of its feature lineup on Wednesday, also unveiling a new international narrative competition catergory to help further affirm its commitment to showcasing world cinema.
Rather than doing what’s recommended, or even ignoring a suggestion, they often do the exact opposite of what you propose.
Even if you don’t spend time at Las Vegas you’ll be surprised by the clarity it will bring to your day.
It does not have roughly half that of Gerchen Keller Capital’s $1.4 billion in assets.
Five countries, including Russia, abstained.
The only way to open the bottle, according to Berlinger, is to use a special machine sold by the company for about $2,000; it cracks the bottle’s cap in half, making it apparent that the sample has been touched.
If I could take notes and then wipe the image from my memory, I’d give anything to see Trump step out of a shower.
“When you are focused on something as big as safeguarding the country and combating violent extremism,” Mr.
“It’s there.” Though the group has found the league’s response underwhelming, it has been invigorated by the reaction from other fans and the news media.
The doctors, led by Dr. Ilan Wittstein, nicknamed the condition broken-heart syndrome and noted that it occurred not only after grief but after any sudden stress.
Fortunately, the world is changing — with implementations like Best Buddies, Rosa’s Law and the Americans With Disabilities Act.
The money is tax free, and much of it is distributed to local party leaders, who can easily pocket a share.
Mr. Heeley has no immediate survivors.
This one by MaryLou Guizzo, in my opinion, was a great puzzle painted in sparkling, broad brushstrokes.
The familiar hum of a drone lingered overhead as Omar Barakat, the local chief of the Red Crescent , watched workers unload lifesaving cargo at a warehouse in the rebel-held town of Urum al-Kubra, Syria.
The video was shot on Saturday by Duncan Sinfield, 24, an assignment editor at KTVU, a Fox affiliate, using a camera attached to a drone.
A hit was defined as an impact causing 10 times gravitational acceleration — that is, a snap of the head more forceful than one produced by, say, jumping.
Sometimes he does a sun-kissed look on the ends, but he keeps the color looking strong and natural.
Already, the French star has crossed the Atlantic for best actress prizes at the Gothams and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
Kyle Shanahan lives in Sag Harbor, N.Y., where he thought there was a shortage of coffee shops like the ones he recalled in his native Cleveland.
Cold Spring Harbor Whaling Museum, 301 Main Street.
Anyone who thought the Broncos were just going to play the “happy to be here” card in the A.F.C.
The novel grapples with the humanity of Jesus; the basis of anti-Semitism in particular and prejudice in general; the hope for eventual peace in the state of Israel; love.
Most recent indications suggest that Trump will try to moderate the pugilism that characterized his campaign up to this point.
Ms. Barra said G.M.’s strong earnings would help it add models and invest in electric vehicles and other new technology.
“And that’s on me.” Mr. Simmons has a three-year contract with HBO that will earn him millions, and there are still two years left on his contract.
In September, at the Venice Film Festival, he joked : “I killed my dogs and ate them under direct orders from some kind of, I don’t know, sweaty, big-gutted man from Australia.” Nice.
They said nine either retired or resigned; three are currently suspended without pay pending arbitration; one was demoted; and nine are back to work after receiving lesser penalties like being temporarily suspended or placed on probationary status.
“We’re cleareyed about the current situation, but we believe what we believe about the value of trade and the importance of the Asia-Pacific region to the United States,” said Benjamin J. Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser.
The governor said the travel ban had given emergency crews the chance to clear the roads, work which would continue overnight as flurries continue to fall.
The Maple Leafs did not win the Stanley Cup again until 1962; weeks later, Barilko’s body and the wreckage were discovered in northern Ontario.
아이의 즐거운 한때를 담은 사진이나 재미있는 이야기를 친한 친구, 가족과 공유하기에 소셜미디어보다 더 좋은 곳도 또 없을 것이다.
But I will make a promise right now to deli lovers the world over: Katz’s is not going anywhere.
But the ferry doors were closed.
Samantha Bucolo and Keith Denis met as schoolmates in high school on Long Island.
“Dueling Banjos” has rarely sounded so ominous.
The two men filed suit, challenging the mental capacity of Mr. Redstone, who is 93 and in failing health, and asserting that he had been unduly influenced by his daughter, Shari Redstone.
Obama administration officials declined over the weekend to discuss any specific strikes or otherwise elaborate on the statistics.
“It makes no sense.” The school is asking the governor to veto the bill, one of 542 pieces of legislation awaiting his review before year’s end.
“We need to take action to guard against risks.” Mr. Abe said he would delay the planned increase of two percentage points in the sales tax, known in Japan as a consumption tax, by two and a half more years, to October 2019.
Mr. Allen can best be appreciated “as an unrivaled pornographer,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times .
As an environment, a golf course is a fascist state.
How many went into the polling booth or mailed in their vote assuming that a smoking gun was hidden in the trove of emails on Anthony Weiner’s computer?
John Kasich of Ohio also held forth, Ms. Palin struggled to connect.
But I think Trump doesn’t even think there’s an issue to worry about.
“His bunker game was solid.
And “A Country Road, a Tree” doesn’t offer its reader many footholds.
17 and then getting up and down at the par-5 18th for another birdie.
Douglas is upbeat for someone who knows she won’t be the No.
The hackers aren’t after the Cates’ data.
The financial sector “is bigger, absorbs more resources and maybe most importantly, more talent than I would like to see.
Led by the actress Hallie Foote, the cast enacts melancholy-comic stories of women longing for a childhood home that recedes farther into memory each year.
against Homer’s poetry because it described the gods as though they looked human.
“Unless you give them a real imperative to buy,” Mr. Barnett said, “they think, ‘I can come back in a month and it will still be there or maybe the price will be lower.’ That’s why we’re doing these things, to get these deals closed.” Mr. Miller of Miller Samuel was less optimistic.
SAVAGES “Adore Life” (Matador) Love is a elemental, colossal force on the second album by Savages: one that can be barely contained within the drone, gallop, blare and incantations of the English quartet’s post-punk onslaught.
Now a completely botched snap gave Minnesota a chance to ice the contest.
(“Don’t get me wrong, I love bike riding, but …” There is often initial resistance to pedestrianization, said Michael Replogle, former director of the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy and currently the deputy commissioner for policy at the city Department of of Transportation.
A more common approach in Tinder-land is to quickly skim the other person’s profile and find something to comment on — a detail from a photo, or a line of profile text.
With no paid staff, it relies largely on its 60 members to do the boat hauling, party planning and other tasks.
The scene shifts to a sleazy hotel room, where Barbara Graham (Ms. Hayward) pops suddenly into the frame, rising from the bed where she spent the night in the company of a man who is definitely not her husband.
Last year, Mr. Harber filed a lawsuit against Wells Fargo Advisors in District Court in Grayson County, Tex., over the stock trades.
Kansas State’s Kody Cook, starting at quarterback for the first time, went 12 of 24 for 163 yards with a touchdown.
Around 850 artists are participating in 162 events; last year’s festival drew more than 600,000 visitors.
But the virus is still a grave threat in developing countries.
Some smartphones offer the ability to block certain calls, either through embedded options or via specialized apps.
Finding a path toward documentation and legal employment for these women would also empower them to report those who rape and harass them.
I am fascinated by things that could be crushed but continue to keep on going because I feel like that as well.
Three of the Bulls’ top four scorers missed the game, and the fourth, Pau Gasol, was sick with the flu.
“There are Syrians, Iraqis, French, German, English, 90 of us returned, we are everywhere in the Île-de-France,” he told her, referring to the region surrounding Paris.
The majority of the rounds were tender, but some of the larger ones were a bit tough.
“Suddenly we heard gunshots,” he said by telephone from a hospital.
Carnivores leave huge carbon footprints.
“They tried to slut-shame me!” she said.
There’s the French spoken in Canada, which to the “citoyens” of France can sound archaic.
Microsoft has become a credible No.
He stood in the locker room, his hair in neat cornrows, as reporters surrounded him, a bristling thorn bush of microphones and cameras and recorders.
An honest conservatism willing to help the next president, but also hold him accountable when he advocates bad policy, will be the conservatism that helps temper tribalism and unite the country.
to 2.52 in 53⅔ innings for the season.
In New York last week, about six in 10 Republican primary voters said the campaign had divided the party.
The same stage used in the first two debates was used in Las Vegas.
But then I saw that it would never fit her fingers, which were very swollen and large, despite her young age; her development, after the fire, was thwarted because her bones could not properly grow.
The families got together as well over Shabbat dinners, brunches and family education sessions.
The Japanese weather service reported a preliminary magnitude of 7.4 and issued a warning of a tsunami of about 10 feet.
“I just want to see him play well and lift the trophy to shut everybody up.
You could see how they wouldn’t be close.
“He wrote off a lot of content that was off brand,” Mr. Zaslav said.
Some scientists assert that organic and conventional foods are nutritionally indistinguishable, and others find significant benefits to organic.
It was also in this neighborhood that the Nazis consolidated the Netherlands’ Jews before deporting them to concentration camps.
(Brantley) ‘Romeo & Juliet’ The Public Theater’s Mobile Lab production trots through Shakespeare’s “two hours traffic” in just 90 minutes.
We are the “Camp Pain” against the campaign.
Yet Mrs. Clinton’s pathway through public life has also tied her to what some consider the mistaken domestic policies of her husband’s administration — a forestalled health care reform initiative, a crime bill that contributed to mass incarceration, and an overhaul of welfare that further impoverished some of the poorest Americans.
That’s what I tell my own daughter when she’s disappointed after a game.
There is a red and blue political divide in the United States that this election is only exacerbating, with consequences for governing.
Dog handlers are apparently notorious among dry cleaners for turning in meat-flavored jackets.
There were also reports of people trapped inside razed vegetable markets and piles of concrete debris.
Coughlin, 70, was Jacksonville’s first head coach, leading the Jaguars to a 68-60 record in eight seasons (1995-2002).
Each show will be followed by Family Time, in which young audience members can make sock puppets and perform in the theater with the actors’ help.
“They thought I was joining a cult,” said Mr. Lukshis, seated cross-legged on the floor at the Highland Park Dance Studio .
The statement was verified by the SITE Intelligence Group, which studies jihadist movements.
My parents are aging, our role in their lives evolving as well.
But last month, their pay did not come.
Wright had fused his own ideas about organic architecture with the Europeans’ Modernist functionality.
“She came down here for Thanksgiving and she seemed to me to be the happiest that I’ve seen her in quite a while,” he said.
Mr. Kerry said that Russia and the United States would add personnel in Geneva so that the cease-fire agreement could be monitored 24/7 — a declaration that left the unsettling impression that until now, the agreement, promoted as being of ultimate importance, had not been monitored around the clock by its sponsors.
Whether he achieves another milestone this weekend — his first N.F.L.
Her full-on performance in “Woolf Works” caused a sensation, with British critics marveling at her technical capacities and theatrical prowess.
The rules of engagement can change capriciously, especially for American and European companies, rendering major investments worthless.
• The cost of the 405 highway project in Los Angeles has now reached $1.6 billion.
“Eighty-five Jay is a blank slate.
After the Mason City event, several Clinton supporters said the former president had made a good case for his wife, while other voters said they had not heard anything to pull them away from Mr. Sanders, who also held a rally in Mason City on Wednesday night, drawing 1,110 people, about triple the size of the former president’s crowd.
For this project, students write a speech in the voice of one of the candidates in preparation for the mock election.
Mr. Trump has held a double-digit lead in New Hampshire for months, and the loss in Iowa could be cauterized, depending on how he explains it.
But he said their preference had been for Mr. Foye to stay longer.
At a breakfast event in Manhattan on Thursday, Meera Joshi, chairwoman of the city’s Taxi and Limousine Commission, referred questions about the study to City Hall.
LARRY: Art should have something to do with human feeling.
The North Korean government was believed to have selected loyal and relatively affluent citizens to send abroad as workers, assuming that they would be less vulnerable to foreign influence.
Former Yukos assets are an important component of Rosneft , the state-controlled entity that is now the world’s largest publicly traded oil producer.
He wrote several books based on his years in antipoverty work.
“Multiple Maniacs” was rated X at the time of its release.
The most concerning issue for some is the fact that the company discovered the attack only after analyzing files provided by law enforcement.
Handpicked by their managers out of Walmart’s work force of more than a million, the employees arrived ready to cheer.
But blacks tend to be quite liberal on the question of the size and role of the government.
Her children will have better chances outside the camp, she said, so she insists that they go to school.
Three people in Chihuahua State were whisked away on Dec. 29, 2009, and never heard from again.
A frozen pizza heats unevenly.
“You’ve got to do things that are different, to stay you from going nuts.” Over time, Mr. Hendrickson became so acutely attuned to the weather that he could smell the advent of snow.
In the 1930s, Aliquippa was a site of anti-union violence, in part ended when this company town’s company, Jones & Laughlin Steel, was on the wrong side of the 1937 Supreme Court decision confirming the New Deal’s labor protections.
(Cotter) ★ Museum of Fine Arts Boston: ‘Made in the Americas: The New World Discovers Asia’ (through Feb. 15) One of the great gifts that multiculturalist thinking gave us was freedom from the tyranny of purity.
“I’m not a volunteering type of person,” said Ms. von Furstenberg, who began studying media and comparative literature at Brown University at 16, and whose past projects include opening Steinberg and Sons , a clothing boutique in Los Angeles that’s now closed; recording music as the lead singer in a band called Playdate ; and, more recently, writing, directing and producing two films, one a short (“Tyrolean Riviera”) and one a feature (“Tanner Hall”).
The social critic Christopher Hitchens was hired to present what would become “Hell’s Angel,” a highly skeptical documentary .
After the game, he struck the same defiant tone he had several days earlier, when he promised that “you haven’t heard the last of me.” “I love to play; I love the challenge,” Rodriguez said Friday night.
Nonetheless, back then, we were still able to find aged rye without too much trouble.
Ms. Turner was disappointed each time, so she instructed the rehab center staff not to call her until everything was finalized, and the only step remaining was to put Ms. Land in the ambulance for the ride home.
And almost always at my pleading: Come on, Brian, tell the joke.
Therefore, the word of the week in Cannes was “duopoly.” You could understand why the gathered Mad Men and Women were so mad.
This works, probably because people hate the idea of seeing others in the group collect a prize that might have gone to them if only they had tried a little harder.
The character, beautifully played by Catherine Frot, is inspired by the life of the American socialite and aspiring soprano Florence Foster Jenkins, who was the butt of a cruel joke that everyone got but her.
She immigrated to the United States in the wake of a family tragedy: Her grandparents were passengers on American Airlines Flight 587 , which crashed in Queens shortly after takeoff from Kennedy International Airport in November 2001, killing 260 onboard and five others on the ground.
But in fact, insurgent attacks and battlefield gains continued at a heavy pace all through the winter.
STEPHANIE JOHANSSEN U.N. and European Union Director Global Justice Center New York
Josef Koudelka ’s “Wall” depicts the ugly Israeli-built protective barrier that runs through the West Bank.
In 1980, when I moved to Brooklyn, I saw many fireflies in my garden, but at some point, they disappeared.
“It isn’t right that kids I met in Flint on Sunday were poisoned because their governor wanted to save money,” she said.
If it were up to him, he said, he would be in the forest, hunting antelope or catching grasshoppers for a snack.
If You Were a Super Rich Philanthropist, What Causes Would You Support?
I enjoyed reading about ­Annie Duke, cognitive scientist turned poker player, but the upshot of this chapter was: When you plan for the future, try to reason in terms of probability, not certainty.
Mr. Trump is also rumored to be close to naming Gen. James N. Mattis as secretary of defense.
This threat seems particularly large in China, which unleashed a credit binge after 2008, but the defaults in the United States energy industry are also a sign of how debt-fueled growth can backfire.
The Kingsland Ward at St. John’s, 195 Maujer Street, Brooklyn, 718-374-5196, thenshefell.com.
The crayfish, however, did much better in a similar stream in a national park where land clearing had not occurred and habitat loss was less.
Residents in the town of Balad, about 18 miles north of Mogadishu, found the body of a man who may have been blown from the plane.
“We want to support photojournalists not just because it’s a good way to illustrate what we do but also because journalism and a free press is part of the values of the European Parliament and a cornerstone of democracy.
— Have you watched “ The Presidential Debate in Song: Who’s Gonna Work It Out?
“I work at a Russian antidoping agency that actually helps athletes dope,” he said in the phone interview.
“Justice Scalia Dies in W. Texas,” read the newspaper’s Sunday headline.
“You don’t need to compromise a piece of music,” he said, “to make it work for time.”
During his streak of consecutive No.
The middle class bailed out Wall Street in their time of need.
Washington Irving described Madison as “but a withered little apple-John.” Bingham was best known as a rural landscape painter, and in his no-nonsense portrait, he turned Adams into the equivalent of a sculpture carved from a sequoia.
Over the same period, Democrats have gone from mocking George W. Bush’s naïveté about Putin … to mocking Mitt Romney for describing Russia as America’s main geopolitical foe … to spinning theories about Trump being an agent of Russian influence that seem ripped from a right-wing periodical circa 1955.
In 1998, she founded the Equality in Marriage Institute, a clearinghouse for information on the subject, which she ran until it ceased operations in 2006.
Lewis was convinced that partisan political engagement often undermined that effort.
Mr. Walsh had been expected to leave this year, but it was unclear whether he would be replaced by Christopher Lynch, the chief financial officer, or by a younger division leader.
“It was a true-to-life hilarious retelling of my life at 15,” Ms. Rennison wrote in an exuberant first-person essay in The Guardian in 2014.
Tensions escalated last year when government funding for the festival — about half of its $11 million budget — was reduced, and again this February after the contract of Mr. Lee, who is a co-founder of the festival, was not renewed.
They railed against “big government.” And they accused Democrats of taking the United States in the wrong direction.
White Sox dirty Mets , 6-4.
But on Monday, he said that it had become clear that the state needed to address the concern of parents who were hungry for information.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention maintains a list of affected countries .
“Ladies & gentlemen,” Mark Twain said in a public lecture at the time, “I hear you, & so know that you are here — & I am here, too, notwithstanding I am not visible.” Some 780 people died and 50 prize cattle on display at the Smithfield Club panted, wheezed and eventually died of asphyxia.
Perfume Genius, discusses the beauty of believing in magic — and the kitchen witch that’s been looking after him for the past seven years.
In the other, Richie gets further entangled with the mob boss Corrado Galasso — which proves to be more hazardous than the time an entire building collapsed on him.
At Sierra Nevada’s spot flanking the Blue Ridge Mountains, visitors can dine at the 400-seat restaurant and catch a show in the amphitheater.
He started at Viacom in 1980 and has been part of Mr. Redstone’s inner circle since the mogul wrested control of the company in 1987.
View more of his work , visit his website or follow him on Twitter .
Morales’s richly textured art crackles with boundless energy.
“We’re trying to get the market back on track in Paris.
The announcement of the tentative deal with Deutsche Bank came on the same day that the Justice Department sued Barclays , the British bank, over similar accusations.
In NoLIta, a group of Brazilian entrepreneurs has opened a new spot that serves freshly made tapioca crepes.
The Democrats had by far the better of the conventions.
He began “ Speed Trap Town ,” one of several calmly devastating ballads in the show, by evoking a world with a few brush strokes: She said, “It’s none of my business but it breaks my heart” Dropped a dozen cheap roses in my shopping cart Made it out to the truck without breaking down Everybody knows you in a speed trap town That song comes from “ Something More Than Free ” (Southeastern/Thirty Tigers), which deservedly won best Americana album at the Grammys last week, tying a bow on Mr. Isbell’s recent ascendancy.
A notably grim affair, “Stranger” is redolent of urban paranoia and permeated with a sense of free-floating guilt.
Mr. Tao is a lively talker with a sharp memory.
“When he’s able to let it rip, it’s tough for goalies.
I just want to hug them.’”
After the death of David Bowie on Jan. 10 it’s time to start defining his posthumous legacy.
As even Mr. Ryan discovered, neutrality was not acceptable; if you were not for Mr. Trump, then you were for Mrs. Clinton.
That’s because doctors, too, are often unaware of the many factors that put men at risk of osteoporosis, including disorders like celiac disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (C.O.P.D.)
He’s a British musician who did songs like “Is She Really Going Out with Him?” and “Steppin’ Out.” There’s also Shoeless Joe Jackson, the baseball player, but Joe Jackson the musician was the one I had in mind.
General Manager Brian Cashman traded for Chapman on Dec. 28.
After this article was published on Thursday night, a campaign official said that Mr. Trump would also speak to the church’s congregation and then tour some neighborhoods with Ben Carson, a former presidential candidate and Detroit native.
Originally a lawyer, McCarey, who earned his spurs in the silent era, directing dozens of shorts for the Hal Roach Studios, is credited with bringing Laurel and Hardy together.
Last Friday, Dow Chemical agreed to settle a class-action price-fixing case for $835 million rather than take its chances in a Scalia-less court.
had been committing, the multiple ways in which it had destroyed democracy elsewhere — in order, supposedly, to save the world from Communism.
Case in point: $28 million worth of works by Andy Warhol, Jeff Koons, Joan Miró and others now stored in the Geneva Free Port.
Los funcionarios de Arabia Saudita han declarado que si recortan la producción y los precios suben perderán participación en el mercado, y lo único que lograrán es beneficiar a sus competidores.
Elias took some road trips with the team, offering insight to the coaching staff and to young teammates.
“I understand why I’m in love with him now.” In Central Park, Mr. Borle was still a few days away from the first preview of “Falsettos.” He was looking forward to finding his preshow routines — when to leave for the theater, when to eat, how much coffee to have.
Mr. Kotey attended the Manaar Mosque in West London, as did Mr. Emwazi, the reports said, and was involved in a network of Islamic extremists based in West London and known as the London Boys.
The meeting was ironically really loud for a club organized around quietude.
The company’s Wonder brand sold breads and its Hostess brand sold cakes.
The next year, it introduced the Moto X, the first smartphone equipped with a listening chip so users could bring the phone to life by uttering the words “O.K.
But with the clock ticking before President-elect Donald J. Trump takes over, there appears to be an eagerness in Washington to conclude cases before a new, potentially more sympathetic, administration begins.
Paper Mill Playhouse, 22 Brookside Drive.
While the Senate passed a bill to combat the opioid abuse crisis, a measure that would greatly help Senate Republicans running for re-election, it has yet to be considered in the House.
Mr. Charney, who was fired by the company’s board in 2014, had in recent weeks teamed up with Hagan Capital Group and Silver Creek Capital to present an opposing bid valued at $300 million.
Written by Mr. Kaufman, the movie uses meticulous stop-motion animation to explore themes of love and alienation with his usual mind-boggling touch.
Last third of “Dead Wake.” Also on the stand (it’s actually a shelf) is “Swallowed by the Great Land,” a collection of essays about living in the extreme north by novelist Seth Kantner, who wrote the extraordinary “Ordinary Wolves.” And two by nonfiction authors I like: Bill Streever’s “And Soon I Heard a Roaring Wind” — it’s about air currents, not flatulence — and “You May Also Like,” by Tom Vanderbilt.
Both Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the contenders for the Democratic presidential nomination, have also criticized the raids.
Mr. Levchin is on an advisory committee to the government’s Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Affirm’s general counsel is Manuel Alvarez, a former lawyer for the consumer protection bureau.
For every “ Downton Abbey ” fan who longed for Lady Mary to let her bodice rip once and for all, Michelle Dockery has a series for you.
It is enforced by an armed group known as the Union.
His tragically feeble Duke seemed like cultural atonement not only for his own sins (as he perceived them, anyway) but also for the muscular certainty of John Wayne’s Duke.
The atmosphere is thick enough that the energy of the arriving spacecraft slamming into the air molecules heats its outside to thousands of degrees, but it is too thin for parachutes to provide a gentle landing.
In September, Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that Mr. Zucker “failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.” “My relationship with him didn’t seem to help that much,” Mr. Zucker, who has spoken privately with Mr. Trump since the election, said on Wednesday.
This kind of cooperation between New York institutions should happen more often.
The patronus charm, a cross between a spirit animal and a good-luck charm, is one of the many bits of “Harry Potter” lore that fans continue to debate and celebrate nearly two decades after the first book was published.
One heckler held a sign bearing an offensive four-letter term for female genitalia.
“We cannot forget the past, but when we find the courage to confront and we find the courage to change that past, that’s when we build a better future.” Human rights groups had reacted angrily to the timing of Mr. Obama’s trip, arguing that it was inappropriate for him to visit at the moment that Argentina was commemorating a tragic turn in its history that many believe was condoned, and in some cases enabled, by the United States.
The Food and Drug Administration has decided to put off until 2017 a decision about whether to require generic drug makers to take more responsibility for warning patients about the risks of their products.
• Alternate-side parking : in effect until Dec. 8.
Tapit is brilliant white now, almost ghostlike, and blends in among the eight white stucco stallion barns.
The argument’s flaw is its inhumanity.
Scientists at the Cow Research Institute in Mathura, around 100 miles south of New Delhi, are tinkering with cattle feed, seeking a formula that will create less gas for the cows to belch out.
One of them, the television writer Eli Attie, has spent the last few years exploring his father’s archive for the first time; in the process he found photos his father took to accompany the Truman Capote essay “A House on the Heights,” which appeared in Holiday magazine in February 1959.
It is also available in Peru, Paraguay, Colombia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
(the Jewish Association Serving the Aging) Crossword Class to show us midweek solvers that things aren’t always what they seem.
Repertory and classes concentrating on her cultivated movements are already part of the curriculum at institutions like the Performing Arts Research and Training Studios in Brussels and the dance department of Bard College, where the troupe is engaged in a two-year partnership.
You should also alert the city about any sickly or dead trees.
Gold fell $7.70, to $1,305.80 an ounce; silver fell 18 cents, to $18.86 an ounce; and copper was unchanged at $2.16 a pound.
One is trying to sell picture frames on Etsy.
To receive it in your inbox, register here .
The court threw out those charges and concluded that the evidence that prosecutors presented to prove them had “tainted the jury’s verdict on the remaining charges” and deprived Mr. Ravi of a fair trial.
While more than 100 countries, including the United States and most European countries, recognize Kosovo’s independence, it remains unrecognized at the United Nations thanks to a Russian veto.
The district began replacing school water fountains and installing filters on violating water sources, but never got ahead of the problem.
“24” having been the launching point for me to engage in these conversations, which I have been having for 10 years, and being very conscious about not wanting to be a midwife to these base ideas.
Serving that market is becoming a small-business enterprise.
Russian-American relations would face new challenges.
Imagine instead millions of people of faith all across America coming out to the polls and voting our values.’’ That exhortation, an echo of his father’s plea to ‘‘vote for righteous people,’’ reflected the Cruz team’s key political calculation: Of the 22 states that will be casting their ballots for a Republican nominee between Feb. 1 and March 5, 11 of them feature a Republican electorate that is more than 50 percent evangelical.
“I deserve five of them.” That day may come.
IPhones bound for the United States and other parts of the world leave customs by truck and are transported three miles to the Zhengzhou airport.
This morning, there was only cooking oil.
In 2008 and 2012, Barack Obama’s campaign pioneered some of the most effective ways to use social media and Internet-based organizing to win political campaigns.
A national study of neurologists found that very few always told people with epilepsy about sudden death.
He is funny; he is sad.” Among her compatriots, she’s certainly not alone in her admiration of Anton Chekhov, widely considered one of the finest short story writers.
Granted, it’s more compelling to hear about the travails of the Little Sisters (who even merited a photo op with Pope Francis last September) than about the objection to contraception coverage held by the named plaintiff in the lead case, the Most Reverend David A. Zubik of the Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Indeed, the syllabus operates according to a logic of combinatorics and reprocessing: How can all the knowledge about a particular topic be reconfigured to the benefit of each new generation of students?
You can reach us at therunup@nytimes.com, or find me on Twitter .
Such are the duties of being in charge of a place that, thanks to a critically acclaimed (at least in the West) and relentlessly bleak Russian movie, has an unwelcome reputation as possibly the most miserable place in Russia — a remote, frozen wasteland of drunks, brutish officials, crumbling buildings and unalloyed despair.
As most parents know, girls tend to develop these skills earlier and more naturally than boys.
When the crowd broke into “CNN sucks” on Tuesday in West Allis, Wis. , for example, an older man leaned into the press pen and assured the reporters, “We don’t really mean it.” Many people at the Hershey event seemed satisfied with how Mr. Trump was conducting his transition, including his very public search for a cabinet.
MICHAEL E. WHITE Oxford, Mass.
“Contemporary Perspectives” does not mean a tangle of interpretive theory laid on the past.
(Mejia) ELDER (Tuesday) It may be that the only thing more vital to heavy metal than throttling riffs is folklore, from Greek mythology to “Lord of the Rings” minutiae.
Because in addition to selling doughnut fryers, he is also — and this is not a joke — the author of “ ‘No’ Doesn’t Always Mean No: Strategies for Influencing Behavior and Winning Cooperation .” If he succeeds where the Haggler has failed, expect an update.
It was then that he knew what Elway sought to accomplish.
The library displays its own store of artifacts, including scripts, photos, programs and letters, allowing visitors to learn how Shakespearean productions reflected cultural standards and concerns, from Colonial times to the present day.
In “A Migrating Bird,” the Turkish author Elif Shafak depicts a marriage of the mind, a one-sided relationship between an Islamic university student in a Turkish town and a fellow student, a young Dutchman there to learn Turkish.
But, then he goes to the towns today and these kids are failing, and failing miserably.
I know Gawker is quite controversial — especially in our circles, where many techies are cheering its demise — but I am sad to see it go.
Officer Van Dyke was charged with murder.
The second, the Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh, is the reorganized offshoot of a group banned in 2005 for setting off nearly 500 bombs simultaneously around the country.
Fifteen minutes or so later, the Shiite customers began eating.
I began by gravitating towards the music I particularly loved when we started.
People found themselves trapped, sometimes for weeks.
It was March 6, not March 26.
Some of them have argued that we should in effect be price-level targeting, which is to say that the misses that we’ve had in the past ought to be made up in the future.
Better.” Mr. Pence’s strengths, aides said, are his discipline in staying on message; his fund-raising prowess; and his ability to connect with the party’s conservative and religious base.
— TAMARA BEST Among the veteran shows that were nominated for the best comedy or musical Golden Globe on Monday, one rookie found its way into the pack: “Atlanta,” Donald Glover’s FX series about a young man trying to help his cousin start a rap career, earned a nomination in its first season.
It is bun-FWA, not BUN-fwa.
Under Rachel Chavkin’s direction and across Mimi Lien’s set, Josh Groban and Denée Benton star as unlikely Muscovite lovers in what Charles Isherwood described, during the show’s Off Broadway run, as a “vibrant, transporting new musical.” Imperial Theater, 249 West 45th Street, 212-239-6200, greatcometbroadway.com.
I gave it a few weeks, because he deserved that.
They are both cylindrical gadgets with Wi-Fi connections, both have companion smartphone apps, and both cost about $200.
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL Algorithms Slowly Taking Bigger Role in Picking Investments | By creating software that helps prescreen investments for analysts, CircleUp, an online crowdfunding platform specializing in consumer goods companies, is to some extent trying to disrupt traditional venture capital, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Dr. Tversky was a boffo extrovert, practically leaking self-confidence.
Otherwise, our customers were desperate and sad.
Stock markets in countries with closer ties to Britain have responded even more vigorously .
The mixed-use development, which will include a hotel, office space and theater, will generate more revenue to pay for the construction, which is expected to take about 10 years.
“Pray for my best friend and her brother that were at the Brussels airport during the attacks,” Alexa Eskinazi, a friend of a brother and sister who have not been heard from since they arrived at the airport, wrote on Facebook on Tuesday.
But his suggestion, later reversed in part , that Japan and South Korea should be able to develop their own nuclear arsenals alarmed Beijing, especially the notion that Japan, the occupier of China in World War II, would become a nuclear power.
Here are some examples of the questions women may ask themselves: ■ Is it worth accepting a professor’s offer for one-on-one research mentorship on the assumption that his interest in me is strictly academic?
If they do, they’ll split the largest cash prize in MTV history – ONE MILLION DOLLARS.” It’s not any worse that “The Bachelor/Bachelorette” franchise, I suppose, but what ever happened to dinner and a movie?
of their big off-season addition, the sparkling shortstop Andrelton Simmons.
You could dial in your Hasselback technique .
Regarding some things, however — like Rihanna — disappointment is not a factor.
Allan Erickson, cleaning operations mentor.
Her mother, from a traditional society, did not approve of a career in entertainment.
“Maybe in the next 20 years, you’ll be able to buy a cheap ticket for a little visit,” he said.
Proudly I measured her development by her bicycles.
I think of a SHAY as a horse-drawn carriage for ladies and gentlemen of the upper classes.
He is what fellow inmates call a “herb,” an easy mark for guards to pick on.
The effect is that she passes as someone who is not Indian.
That’s not going to happen to me.’ ” Michael Nutter, a former Philadelphia mayor, who is black, said that society would not be so complacent if whites were dying from gun violence at the same rate as blacks.
Morristown United Methodist Church, 50 Park Place.
Dunlevy, who tried to intervene, ended up in the emergency room with a broken toe, after a fire extinguisher that one girl threw at the other landed on her foot.
You hear some things, but until you ask the questions and get informed and educated, it’s a totally different thing.
March 19 at 8 p.m. $25 to $100.
He also opposed apartheid in South Africa and supported legal abortions.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
Because the museum is at “the nexus of the void, at a site of memory,” Ms. Greenwald writes, “we knew from the start that this placement would intensify our visitors’ encounter with authenticity.” Readers are reminded of the missing-persons posters; the Lady Liberty statue festooned with memorials that stood outside a firehouse in Midtown Manhattan; Milton Glaser’s “I ♥ NY More Than Ever” poster; the red bandanna worn by Welles Remy Crowther , a 24-year-old equities trader and volunteer firefighter who directed fellow office workers to safety but died himself; the photograph of the plume of smoke wafting from the site as seen from space; a $2 bill that Robert Joseph Gschaar, an insurance underwriter who vanished while working at the south tower, gave his wife when he proposed; and the image of the Rev.
His protégés included George (the Animal) Steele, Killer Khan, Yokozuna and Don Muraco.
The board said that the captain did not convey any urgency to evacuate after the crash and that a video supplied by a passenger showed that the lead flight attendant did not announce the evacuation for six minutes.
But Chinese and American officials said there was value in discussing contentious issues face to face, even if no solution was in sight.
Besides the savings, we will fund it through growth in enrollment, student fees, support from alumni, friends and business, and privatizing certain facilities such as parking and student housing.
Ms. Damrau and Mr. Grigolo plainly revel in each other’s company, finishing numbers giggling in each other’s arms.
So coming back to my original question, no, the rich don’t have to be as rich as they are.
Then, a surprise: the wine list, a world-class collection of bottles spanning the world, including inexpensive obscurities and fine, pricey Burgundies and Champagnes.
Based on the 2003 movie, this story of a rock ’n’ roll nerd (played by Alex Brightman, a bouncing Super Ball of energy) who teaches a class of regimented fifth-graders (a fabulous band of preadolescents) to “stick it to the man” is as amiably easygoing as it is loud (2:20).
But as of Wednesday afternoon, Palm did not have any of those four teams in his brackets.
Falih Naji ran for Iraq at a competition in India in 1982, and recalled, “There was no higher honor than representing your country.” The three men — now in their 60s, elder statesmen of Iraq’s tiny running community — were awash in memories last week ahead of the Baghdad International Marathon, the first in as long as anyone could remember.
The study, published on Wednesday in JAMA Psychiatry , found psychological symptoms increased only in women who sought abortions but were not allowed to have the procedure because their pregnancies were further along than the cutoff time at the clinic they visited.
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said on Sunday that he welcomed the start of the militia’s operation.
Research is also underway into petitions that delegates filed with state legislatures to see whether the demands for change had any effect on government policies.
And he had a card up his sleeve: Maina Njenga.
sergeant should be criminally charged,” Mr. Rubenstein said.
VALHALLA “A Midsummer Night’s Dream,” the National Players Theatre Company.
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
“The Note 7 had more features and was more complex than any other phone manufactured.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim likened Mr. Gulen’s followers to a “parallel terrorist organization.” “We will dig them up by their roots so that no clandestine terrorist organization will have the nerve to betray our blessed people again,” Mr. Yildirim told Parliament on Tuesday.
April 17 at 2 p.m. Free.
Crucially, the new law also allowed the commercial cultivation, processing and export of medical marijuana products — like oils and creams — although not the flower, the part of the plant normally rolled into a joint.
Beneath each criticism of Mr. Cruz is an unspoken contrast with Mr. Trump: Mr. Cruz’s alleged changing positions on immigration, while Mr. Trump was “the first” to want to build a wall.
Gray Davis, who was abruptly forced out of the California governor’s mansion in a recall election in 2003, tried to ignore the sting of defeat by plunging himself into working with his successor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, on the transition.
They kind of walk that fine line between lethal and crazy, and we have to live with some crazy shots and some crazy misses because they make more than their fair share.” Thompson argued that his feet were set and that he had a strong base beneath him.
Out came parts of old khaki uniforms, a helmet, a winter hat with earflaps, an army-issue snowsuit, a clear plastic bag bulging with machine gun clips, and a metal box packed with neat rows of ammunition.
Ms. Phillips said that recently she’s worked with British and Norwegian home buyers seeking summer homes on Tobago.
Under pressure to consolidate her support among Latinos as Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont gains ground on her in Iowa, Hillary Clinton broke with the Obama administration on a key immigration provision on Monday night and promised not to be the “deporter in chief” if elected president.
There is a straightforward solution to our infrastructure crisis: Raise the gas tax.
“Pretty wild.” Not as wild, perhaps, as throwing a near no-hitter in his major league debut, a feat accomplished just once, by Bumpus Jones of the 1892 Cincinnati Reds.
Dr. Ramogida, who has said he was determined to ensure that his reputation is not tarnished by the documentary, contacted the antidoping group about two weeks ago, answered questions about the Al Jazeera documentary and offered to cooperate further as needed, a lawyer for the group said.
You’re very modest in person, yet you play many over-the-top characters.
Let them deliver long, repetitive and uninterrupted lectures.
“And it is time for the state and the federal government to step up as well.” Officials spoke for nearly an hour Wednesday, with the mayor devoting much of the time to calling on state lawmakers and Congress to increase funding for cities across the country grappling with protracted crisis of homelessness.
After countless years of daydreamers being told otherwise, there’s now a good reason to keep your head in the clouds.
At a rally downtown in February, students marched on sidewalks, chanting “Black education is good for your health” and “Black minds matter.” Students are fearful that the school could shut down, leaving them with unfinished degrees and few options to transfer nearby.
The new Hertz Global chief executive, Kathryn Marinello, faces a tough drive out of the ditch.
“To Build a Better Beta” is about the release of the beta version of Pied Piper, which is an important period for any tech company to work out the kinks before an official launch.
“Having something different and very well reviewed was certainly a driving factor in the result, and now we’re in a great position for the Fourth of July holiday,” Josh Greenstein, Sony’s president of marketing and distribution, said by phone on Sunday.
Howard Koslow, a painter and illustrator who for more than four decades designed many of the most recognizable stamps issued by the United States Postal Service, including a 1994 series depicting famous blues and jazz musicians and 30 stamps depicting coastal lighthouses, died on Jan. 25 at his home in Toms River, N.J.
These proposals died in the Legislature last year as a debate erupted over whether they went far enough or too far in limiting appraisal.
“A good 75 percent of all Olympic sports DNA is in Lausanne,” said Claude Stricker, chief executive of the International Academy of Sports Science and Technology in Lausanne and author of a 2015 economic impact study on sports organizations in Switzerland.
Within hours of the killings on Sunday, in which three law enforcement officers were fatally shot and several others were wounded, Mr. Trump declared that the nation had become a “divided crime scene” and said that the Islamic State was watching as Americans murdered police officers.
Mahalia,” and is determined to bring her aboard before Mahalia can snatch her up.
This is just a small part of the puzzle.
For decades, the United States has served as the main stabilizing force in the world and has greatly benefited from a stable order.
Among the Panthers, they met the mother and brother of Fred Hampton , a leader killed by the police; Emory Douglas , who designed the group’s visual work; and Bobby Seale , a Panther founder who offered to meet the Universes members for an hour and then spent three days with them.
Marc Johnson, an associate pastor at St. John’s Church of God in Christ in the city’s South End, a traditionally black neighborhood which has pockets of racial diversity.
But only because almost everyone has believed that there was some treacherous collaboration on my part with the Security Service 46 years ago, incidental and short, but it was there, and at least for a while I got broken.
One morning in early March, Kyli Ledesma, a 20-year-old barista from San Diego, woke up at 3:30 so she could drive to Los Angeles to secure a copy of Cassandra Clare’s newest book, “Lady Midnight,” which would be for sale at Barnes & Noble at the Grove, a high-end mall, when it opened at 9.
Who would have guessed that it would become, of all things, an affordable retirement haven for foreigners, including many Americans who were of draft age when the country was convulsed by those much darker times?
“Today the big event is if it doesn’t finish.” Todt also took part in several other forms of racing, such as the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb, the Trophée Andros ice racing series, and the Dakar Rally, which he won four times.
The influence of a boss’s political leanings should not be underestimated and, indeed, should be scrutinized, Andrew Ross Sorkin writes.
If the highest mark was an 83, I would add 17 points to everyone’s score.
He now works part time at Bitter & Esters, brews once a week and runs a blog and podcast dedicated to the brewer’s life.
Barbecued lamb heart with harissa was succulent, while black rice from the Camargue garnished with grilled squid, chorizo and turnips satisfied with locavore rusticity.
It was in fairly wide use by the 1960s.
A wide semicircular terrace at one end of the house, partly enclosed and with tall windows, has views of the surrounding countryside.
So it’s all going swimmingly for Catalan as Kirkman’s inner circle begins to fracture.
It also voided or corrected numerous results from many tests it performed in the past.
Based on your history of interaction with that friend, Instagram knows you probably would not want to miss that picture.
“This has been going on for such a long time.
When titles do recur, they have different tempos (“I Just Want to Make Love to You”) and very different vocal performances (“Caravan”).
With that show we became the Edge Theater company.
Some studies have found evidence that the system has actually shifted doctors toward the more expensive drugs .
She said she had tested Fidelity’s tool and liked that it displayed all her loans in one place and showed the total amount she owed.
Bliss, 35, is emerging as one of his party’s most closely watched young strategists.
As the predicted temperature rises, model uncertainty grows, increasing the likelihood of unforeseen, disastrous events.
That show did not appear at the Frick, but in 2002, as its chief curator emeritus — he had retired in 2000 — Dr. Munhall organized an exhibition of the artist’s drawings there.
It’s what was lacking from the small sampling that Calvin Klein Collection brought out at its offices on Viale Umbria as it treads water between the dismissal of its previous designer (the long-serving Italo Zucchelli, who exited in April) and the appointment of its next.
“I’ve seen a lot of photos of white people in the Pacific posing with local girls,” Mr. Blau said.
One doctor tried to warn us that my father would be receiving “the strongest chemotherapy on the planet.” Whatever , we thought: This doctor did not know my dad the way we knew him.
It is hard to imagine now that Ireland was once a leading light in the tennis world.
Mr. Carter said that the department’s research of parental leave showed that more flexible policies made good business sense.
Out-of-town guests include the former Merce Cunningham dancers Rashaun Mitchell and Silas Riener, who have teamed up with the filmmaker Charles Atlas on “Tesseract,” a live performance, part gallery installation and 3-D film (May 18-21).
He said the cars would be models known as M8s, which the state first ordered from Kawasaki a decade ago.
I imagine Mr. Crutcher and his desire to be back in a classroom and I think, how wonderful that is.
Through Tilly and Grace’s investigations, points are plotted.
All of this should remind you that it’s always a good idea to wash your hands before you eat.
With the economy in turmoil, assaults and robberies on the street jumped by 42 percent in May, with 10,000 robberies that month.
Transgender people there have been subjected to increased harassment and violence, she said.
Parties may now be added to the list.
We regret that we are unable to acknowledge letters.
Tap for information about how to donate.
going into Week 16, and they are finishing their schedule with the Jets and the Dolphins, as they did last season.
The iPhone SE and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro were the two headline-grabbing devices that Apple unveiled last week .
At the same time, what if he is the only wage earner in his family?
In suburban Prince George’s County, Md., a 60-year-old man shoveling outside his home died Saturday morning when he suffered a heart attack, according to a fire department spokesman.
This Sunday, the Red Bulls will pass the 20th anniversary of the franchise’s first home game at Giants Stadium, an infamous defeat for the then-MetroStars caused by an own goal by the lyrically named Nicola Caricola — an event cited for decades among fans as the onset of a curse.
Since Wright took over at Villanova in 2001, the Sixers, now with three straight seasons of at least 63 losses, have had nine head coaches (including interims).
He has expressed the desire for an event incorporating more show business than usual (shocker!
Should he be close to other bears?
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe , on Twitter.
After that loss, the Jets’ fourth in five games, the Jets dropped to 5-5, and Fitzpatrick tried changing his mojo, and the team’s, by pruning his prolific beard.
We call it three-wide going into Talladega.” On whether it was worrisome to lose the evangelical vote: “People are renting each other’s voters for a little while.
Dan O’Brien’s “The Body of an American,” a lyrical, untidy and ultimately poignant work of theater is a ghost story.
The problem is this: Although the show, about the life of Moses as described in Exodus, is set in ancient Egypt, the bulk of the cast is white, and initial publicity about the event last week led to the mistaken impression by some that the entire cast was white.
“I think a Bernie could come from anywhere — Manhattan, Queens, Bronx, anywhere else,” said Mr. Weaver, clutching his guitar case.
Some aspects of this process are rigged; other aspects are akin to a lottery.
Twitter postscripts | Here’s an excerpt from the Gates Letter that helps define terms — a vital first step before debating the merits of different policies: Defining terms good start in hashing out clean-energy paths.
Staggering as that price is, it would be a whole lot more if the school required janitorial services or a larger fleet of kitchen aides.
“I do know I was touched deeply when I was singing it.
In 1992, the native Hawkeye Tom Harkin beat Bill Clinton in the year’s first caucuses.
He’d reached his natural conclusion.
His name is barely mentioned.
It has spent more than $9 million to construct these galleries, Ms. Yoon said.
Yet, he is also a co-founder of Palantir, a company long associated with doing data analysis for intelligence agencies.
I absolutely believe that what is being done is not sufficient.
I watched enormous and ridiculous amounts of TV sports, at night, on weekends, on holidays, taking notes in case somebody said something stupid.
“I want them to be afraid.” They were afraid, and their mothers were afraid, and each one of them came of age behind bars, for a crime he didn’t commit.
A prison sentence involving Compas was previously appealed in Wisconsin and upheld.
From then on, there was no turning back.
And Ms. Damrau sang dazzlingly.
One-quarter of the workers enrolled in the WorkAdvance experiment had a criminal record.
Instead, prosecutors relied for evidence on the statement that Ms. Constand gave to investigators in 2005, as well as on Mr. Cosby’s own statement to the police.
These are alarming statistics, but a quick spin around the research gives parents reason to feel hopeful, not helpless.
She said that he had denied the charge and that the group would apply for his bail on Sunday.
They were, he said, sober and solid, but undistinguished.
The attendees were also given a demonstration of Facebook’s Oculus virtual reality technology.
Verizon Communications was viewed as the leading contender, while Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners have submitted a joint bid.
Dustin Ackley said the atmosphere in the dugout was similar to that of a game last September in which the rookie Slade Heathcott hit a late game-winning home run against the Rays and was mobbed upon his return.
If you later want to delete or change the photo for that contact, call up the file again and tap the Edit button in the corner.
I was not about to stick around and go through that.
What are the things that you do that make you not want to come to work on a given day, and what are the reasons that make you wish you could get to work sooner?” The content of their answers matters less than the style and energy of how they respond.
The start-up has been self-financed until now but is now closing a seed round, said Suelin Chen, a founder and chief executive.
), I loved the hope this collection about time provided about what might have been, what might be now and what may yet come.
The authorities have said a nearby homeowner provided them with video of the crash from his home security system.
Above, our video review of the $215,000 McLaren 570GT .
“It felt horrible seeing them play,” Seferi said.
“Image of Homer, perhaps” might conjure up thoughts of the ancient Greek philosopher Homer, but today we are thinking of a much more recent philosopher, Homer Simpson, and the environment in which he exists, which is a cartoon CEL.
(The publisher is providing free access for a few weeks.)
The Negro press warned black men against Navy recruiters who would promise them training as radiomen, technicians or mechanics — then put them to work serving food to white men.
Up to that point, we have had many flavorful line readings and carefully drawn bits of shtick from assorted Characters (who warrant capital C’s, as they tend to in such plays).
The catch was negated by a penalty; it did not move Green Bay to the Arizona 3-yard line.
The outing was arguably Harvey’s best of the season despite his missing the dominating control that has defined much of his career.
As Mr. Bernanke told the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2010, the “only way we could have saved Lehman would have been by breaking the law, and I’m not sure I’m willing to accept those consequences for the Federal Reserve and for our systems of laws.” That’s because by statute the Fed can make loans only to institutions it believes can pay them back.
“If the first 40 pages are giving me nightmares,” he said, “I think I’d better stop.” He has since finished the novel, coming to terms with the darkness of the character, the violent sexuality and the obsession with shiny consumer goods.
Many lacked the family support systems that previous generations had — the grandmothers and aunts who could advise and assist — largely owing to changing social patterns.
“American Idol” was a national election about art, in which fans debated not only who was best but also what “best” means, what “deserving” means.
“But it’s mine.” She added: “I’m not looking for a husband, but I like to go swimming with my kids and grandkids.
She won the Netherlands’ first individual Olympic medal in women’s gymnastics.
“We must remain calm to face the situation,” he added.
DuPont’s own instructions specified that it was not to be flushed into surface water or sewers.
Act with a series of events that included a centennial dinner and a talk by John Milton Cooper, the author of a biography on President Woodrow Wilson, who signed the act establishing the F.T.C.
There are clinical trials underway with several similar drugs made by other companies, and two large trials with solanezumab are in the works.
“Papa, Papa,” she cried as the room fell quiet, “you’re back, you’re back.” Moments later, Filomena was there, weeping, too.
Bond trading was closed for Columbus Day.
Cars, he said, “are no longer our entire game.” The company sees mobility services as potentially more profitable than its traditional business of making and selling cars.
SPORTS An article in some editions on Saturday about San Jose Sharks goaltender Martin Jones referred incorrectly to the playoff performances of his teammates Logan Couture and Joe Pavelski.
Do you have a favorite?
“The City Council voted to shut it down at 10,” Mr. Bollwage said.
Resentment started bubbling up late last year at additional public meetings requested by Ms. Zimmer to elicit the opinions of a cross section of her constituents.
On the fifth-floor landing, where Mr. Gurley collapsed, the stairwell lights were on.
Zia’s 15-day journey to find his father took him deep into Taliban territory, in the opium poppy belt in the south.
“You know, some moment of quiet beauty that arrived into your life and was humbling, really.” Call it that dumb, just-being-there quality or a second glimpse of the “it-ness” of those moments, perhaps a clarity of the kind evoked in the metaphors in imagist poetry: “So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens,” wrote William Carlos Williams.
Also traditional: the lousy pay, 27 to 57 cents per kilogram of asparagus.
[ The New York Times ] • On Thursday, U.C.
By day, she works in human resources at the Boston Foundation in Massachusetts, where she helps employees manage benefits, orientation, recruitment and professional development.
The police said a neighbor who heard the shooting came running with a gun, but was shot himself.
And I couldn’t turn on a video or remove the seat belt (oh, those FAA rules!).
She appears this weekend with the vibraphonist Steve Nelson and the bassist Peter Washington, who are also on the album; her drummer is Lenny White, a dynamic elder.
… Creepily, gorgeously surreal Joshua Tree National Park was Stop 1, and our approach wound us clockwise around the 1,234-square-mile park’s perimeter .
Competitors may choose one of two ways to mete out their self-flagellation: do one Ironman-length triathlon a day for five days, abiding by a 17-hour cutoff, or do all of it continuously — a 12-mile swim, followed by a 560-mile bike ride and a 131-mile run — stretched out over five and a half days, broken up however you wish.
(Helen T. Verongos) ★ ‘THE BEATLES: EIGHT DAYS A WEEK’ (No rating, 1:39) Sure, you’ve seen endless clips of the Beatles in the early years, the Fab Four being cheeky, the fans screaming their lungs out.
As the son of a wealthy businessman with an empire of hardware stores, Ferretería Americana, and a mall complex, he was pegged to follow in the family line.
The nostalgic references to 1940s popular culture made in the movie’s opening theme are rendered discomfortingly literal when the 30-something protagonist, Gordon Hocheiser (George Segal), awakens in what is his clearly his boyhood room.
“We have wanted to have a stronger secondary market for a while,” Mr. Ropac said, adding that it was easier to sell such works in London than in Paris.
I head down a path through a forest to run or swim across the Schlachtensee, blissfully deserted during the workweek and best avoided on hot summer weekends.
Yet Egypt’s cooperation is so needed to keep a lid on the Middle East that the State Department is extraordinarily hesitant to condemn a situation in which democracy is a distant memory.
What about the border wall?
But this is a tremendous blow to conservatism.
From the perspective of a town where a third of the population lives below the poverty line, the women and children inside detention seem to be treated awfully well.
My editor understood my conundrum, but she didn’t think the essay should be pulled.
And as they became more crowded, he added, the quality of the free food and liquor declined.
Mr. Friedman has been publicly arguing that Israel has a right to build settlements and annex parts of the West Bank.
On its full-length debut album, “Never Enough,” this New York band — the frontman is John Eatherly, late of Nashville teen punks Be Your Own Pet — has some Britpop desolation and wryness, some garage-rock scrappiness and some punk punch, tempered by a pop core that makes the darkness and the mess mere accents.
To the Editor: Your Dec. 27 editorial “ Congress and the War Against ISIS ” presents the burdens backward.
The 18th-century two-story palace, now divided into 15 luxury condominiums, looms large with its yellow exterior, beautifully framed and shuttered windows and gabled roof.
But recognizing that the number of federations to recruit is not limitless, the Swiss have also set their sights on regional associations — European sports confederations, for instance — and other sports associations or businesses, like the International World Games Association, which opened an office last year.
Kosovo now finds itself, like the rest of Europe, fending off the threat of radical Islam.
Luckily for Courtois, the ball trickled out for a corner kick.
Its most serious safety threat occurred in January 2015 when one of its planes was struck by gunfire while landing at Baghdad International Airport.
Then, the Islanders rookie Christopher Gibson stole the show at the other end.
At the Harvard speech, Mr. Wang, in reply to a question about that article, acknowledged that Qi Qiaoqiao, the sister of Xi Jinping, China’s president and the leader of the Communist Party, and Deng Jiagui, her husband, had held shares in Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties but sold them before an initial public offering.
On Monday, Gregory Hayes, the chief executive of United Technologies, which owns Carrier, told CNBC that some of those 800 jobs would be lost to automation anyway.
Suites include ­subway-tiled bathrooms and vintage telephones.
Adapted from Lewis Grassic Gibbon’s 1932 novel set mostly in the fictional Estate of Kinraddie in the years before World War I and considered a British literary classic, it has the look and feel of a magnificently illustrated historical novel.
Puerto Rico’s governor on Friday renewed his plea for Congress to provide bankruptcy protection for the debt-ridden island, after two bond insurers filed lawsuits over his decision to default on millions of dollars in bond payments last week.
He does not need to.
The revelation did not alter her disapproval of gay marriage.
(Chinen) JAY CLAYTON QUINTET: 75TH BIRTHDAY BASH (Friday and Saturday) The singer Jay Clayton, who begins this run on her birthday, has made a career out of bridging the standard songbook and the avant-garde, with style.
“It looks like a final gesture of despair, an act of rhetoric that is likely to have little effect,” said Carlos Melo, a political scientist at Insper, a university in São Paulo.
Saws buzzed, drills rattled and sewing machines hummed as Victor Scody, a swimmer from Mauritius, wandered into the Paralympic repair workshop Tuesday morning with a problem — or rather, problems.
The Red Sox have Clay Buchholz and Eduardo Rodriguez for depth.
The same hushed noise echoes through Mr. Oliver’s accounts of a one-off childhood play date in his backyard with a boy whom the light touched “as though he were familiar to the sun”; of a love poem that he wrote and can no longer find; of his tenure as an unofficial delivery man for the elderly proprietors of an East Village bake shop, whom he thought of as “the Cheeryble Brothers.” That name comes from Charles Dickens’s “Nicholas Nickleby,” and Mr. Oliver’s tone often seems poised between that of Dickens and Edgar Allan Poe, with perhaps a touch of Tennyson’s memorializing rapture.
First he hit Donald J. Trump over hiring foreign workers over American citizens.
You could imagine seeing Mr. Trump exhort the convention crowd against the news media if he is displeased with its coverage, which would be its own sort of spectacle.
In a terse statement, Hamas called on “the competent judicial authorities to undertake their duties.” The statement was widely seen as a green light to begin executions, because Hamas officials had been arguing for days about reinstating the death penalty.
Senator Bernie Sanders won the support of two-thirds of those concerned with income inequality.
His nephew Fernando remembered the moment Mr. Álvarez got the call announcing the results of the 2000 presidential election: “His small eyes went wide open as he grabbed my arm and asked, ‘Is this really possible?’ ” His uncle, Fernando recalled, then said: “I have accomplished my mission.
“I was alone,” she said, “and I thought, this is terrible.
What do you want to see here?
You got monkfish right out the water off Long Island.
Inspired by American modernism and East Asian tradition, the house has a clean, simple interior with extensive wood window framing, columns and trim, and walls of glass facing woods and gardens.
From Friday through Sunday, those 5 and younger can join drop-in workshops to design their own Olympic torches to carry in impromptu parades.
Sure enough, there were noisy protests at the City Council meeting that approved the measure.
He also worked at Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in their respective mergers groups.
But WME-IMG already owns it, having bought it last year for an estimated $100 million.
“She’s just one of those friends who’s always doing something grand and incredible while quietly acting like a big goof about it, while conquering the world subtly,” he said.
It might be the opening song to “Happy Days” or “Batman” or “House of Cards.” These are, after all, TV timeouts.
And for those of you partial to the train, you’re in luck.
Her highly choreographed debut was criticized by some as an elaborate publicity blitz but praised by others, who said the coverage helped to shed light on the challenges that transgender men and women face.
In its prime, the area around the factory, at Main Street and Lakeside Avenue, was a center of industry, not retail.
In the United States, regulators have been more cautious about drone tests, though the Federal Aviation Administration issued new rules this year to allow for the commercial use of drones under certain circumstances.
“They didn’t have the same spirit,” the older Mr. Muscarella said.
His comment received 391 reader recommendations.
“If you have to ask,” more than a few racers replied, “you will never know.” You may have heard that idea expressed at, say, the regular old Ironman triathlon, which is normally considered the Mount Everest of the sport: a 2.4-mile swim, then a 112-mile bike ride and then a marathon (26.2 miles) in the heat of Hawaii.
The 109-page French report published Sunday indicated that Mr. Lubitz “had suicidal ideation” and had made several “no-suicide pacts” with his doctors at the time.
Rather than being one two-party nation, we are becoming two one-party nations.
It was empty, something that appeared to please the cook, Mike Newell.
MetFridays: Participatory Installation (Friday) This series at the Metropolitan Museum of Art features Firelei Báez, an artist known for her large paper works that explore identity in diasporic societies.
Not much of the time.
I don’t want to lose that for my grandchildren,” Mr. Lorch said.
Although Airbnb was not as big a presence in 2010 as it is now, the law has been wielded to crack down on various types of listings on the company’s service.
The flock changes its flight path because of split-second reactions to position changes by other birds.
His mother retired as a registered nurse at Delaware Valley Hospital in Langhorne, Pa. His father, who is also retired, conducted clinical research for Pfizer in Groton, Conn., involving the use of computers in patient care.
Mr. Trump, who has used eminent domain to try to demolish an older woman’s home in Atlantic City to build a parking lot, calls it “wonderful.” There is more: Mr. Ryan is the architect of his party’s plan to rein in spending on entitlement programs, which Mr. Trump has said is the reason the party lost the White House in 2012, name-checking Mr. Ryan in his swipe.
Each episode consists of Axelrod talking with a single guest, usually a politician, a political aide or a writer.
Scholars have delivered TED-style talks that rail against Western imperialism.
Architecture bookstores sell postcard packs of the greatest hits of Brutalism; you can buy a Trellick Tower mug to sip expensive coffee in your pricey Trellick Tower flat.
Mr. Elkann is a grandson of Giovanni Agnelli , who turned his family’s auto company, Fiat, into a worldwide conglomerate and was a leading figure in Italy’s postwar industrial revival.
After Mr. Mateen’s massacre, James B. Comey, the director of the F.B.I., said the file on Mr. Mateen had been one of “hundreds and hundreds of cases all across the country,” and compared the task of weeding out those who are expressing extremist ideas from those who may act on those ideas to “looking for needles in a nationwide haystack .” For France, thought to have among the largest numbers of suspected Islamic State loyalists in Europe, the haystack is at least as big, and some say the caseload has become unmanageable.
Travis Willingham, who voiced Frederic-104, a supporting character in Halo 5: Guardians, said the process required a different kind of imagination than conventional acting.
His party won five of the next six presidential contests.
Most of FIFA’s member federations are believed to be supporting one of the favorites: Gianni Infantino of Switzerland, a top official in European soccer’s governing body, UEFA, or Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa of Bahrain, the president of the Asian Football Confederation.
Deadlines in the remaining states are rapidly approaching.
As the country entered a period of soul-searching, these young chefs took the opportunity to throw off what Bob calls the “legacy exoskeleton” of manners and slavish obedience to groupthink and instead to begin advancing the cause of native ingredients, prepared with great care and what seems at times almost freakish originality.
In countries like Greece, Spain and Portugal, almost half of the young people are unemployed, despite the university degrees they may have earned.
To change the Constitution, Mr. Erdogan’s Justice and Development Party, which regained its parliamentary majority in November, needs support from opposition parties.
Spieth, he added, “doesn’t seem like he has that kind of thing — at least, he hides it better.” Roddick said he respected the loyalty Spieth had shown to tournaments that gave him an opportunity to play before he had earned his tour membership.
In fact, this past week offered a vivid illustration of how little regard Mr. Trump has for the long-held expectations of America’s leaders.
Sichuan’s historic openness to other influences should be seen as a virtue, say some food lovers here.
“We have to move quickly and show we understand the message of the people.” Calls in France for a referendum on the European Union mounted from both the far right and the far left, echoing sentiment in many other countries.
Mr. Roosegaarde, 36, said the keepsakes were offered during a crowdfunding campaign that provided the initial 113,000 euros, or around $125,000, for the tower.
Executive power, as we all know, has been the preferred vehicle of President Obama, abusing his authority, abusing his constitutional authority.
Although they listened to news reports of the Assad government’s ferocious attacks on civilians, they saw little indication, at first, of the violence around them.
It is suffocating a generation of biomedical researchers.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.55 percent from 1.59 percent late Monday.
The company’s business model, algorithms and policies entrench echo chambers and fuel the spread of misinformation.
Gold rose $11.70, or 0.9 percent, to $1,331 an ounce.
“Because of that, they treat us like cheaters.” Professors and proctors have sometimes prohibited bathroom breaks during exams and looked between students’ legs for hidden cellphones.
At 8 p.m., Barclays Center, 620 Atlantic Avenue, at Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn, 800-745-3000, barclayscenter.com.
There is plenty of anecdotal evidence to support this theory, dating from the nation’s first televised presidential debate: Richard M. Nixon versus John F. Kennedy in 1960, which set the handsome and composed Kennedy on a course to victory over the conspicuously underweight and sweaty Nixon.
Mr. McCarthy said that he and the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, would soon meet with the House sergeant-at-arms to discuss investigative paths and possible ramifications for the Democrats.
Soldiers and reserve federal police forces were sent to Brussels to help patrol the city about a week after the terrorist attacks in Paris on Nov. 13.
WHEN the musician Lucinda Williams was shopping around an early demo tape of what would become her self-titled album, she was at first turned down by all the record labels she tried.
Mr. Pence expressed his gratitude on Twitter that everyone was safe.
Islanders rake Maple Leafs , 5-1.
Vivian Beaumont Theater, Lincoln Center, 212-239-6200, lct.org.
Half of those infected are men, he said, and there had been too little public discussion of the dangers of sexual transmission, so he hoped the money would go for that.
They are waiting for a redeemer who’ll never materialize, and the West’s point of view, though rarely spoken, comes straight out of Beckett: “Nothing to be done.” “No one wants to admit that the temporary camp of Dadaab has become permanent,” Mr. Rawlence writes.
Her father retired as the director of design for the performance division of General Motors in Detroit, where he is best known for his work revitalizing the Cadillac image.
RUBIO: Well, let me tell you what has happened a couple of years ago.
“We chose offshore boats to sail on inshore courses.
The film, due Friday, May 20, stars Mr. Crowe as a goon for hire and Mr. Gosling as a hard-drinking private eye who reluctantly team up to locate a missing woman.
Turmoil and Triumph About 60 miles outside Halifax, Kinley was struggling to guide the bus to safety.
With four races left in the season, he is not the man to beat.
Mr. Cuomo wrote to the developer of Pokémon Go , Niantic, asking that the company prevent identified sex offenders from playing the game.
And yet, here we are: the shootings, the reporters’ questions, the memorials full of fading carnations, all forming a new American ritual, one that is increasingly knitted into our cultural narrative.
This state was one of the biggest upsets in last week’s jolting election, going narrowly to Donald J. Trump and giving the Republican Party its first victory in a presidential race here since 1988.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
Faster access is available for $4.95 an hour or $7.95 for 24 hours.
Yet we are on the verge of ensuring this happens.
Incredibly, though, all too often the opposite occurs, and Wall Street whistle-blowers are shunned, ostracized and ignored.
In long shot, a teenage girl walking on a tree-canopied street in Anywhere, U.S.A., is suddenly snatched and hustled into a car.
“It’s like having a boyfriend on the side.”
to lesser-known outfits, such as the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, which is essentially a high-tech mapping operation.
Aldridge had 41 points in his second straight dominant performance, but the rest of the Spurs did not provide the same assistance they did in San Antonio’s 32-point victory in Game 1.
“We hear this all the time: ‘They’re not ready for palliative care,’ as if it’s a stage people have to accept, as opposed to something that should be a routine part of care,” said Dr. Eric Widera, who practices the specialty at the university.
As a result, the American Academy of Nursing developed an initiative called “ Have You Ever Served in the Military?
Results from eight Republicans precincts were never counted.
And no wonder: Those two were tabloid fodder almost from the moment they met, near the turn of the millennium, when Rushdie was a glamorous international fugitive still married to his third wife (with whom he had recently had a child) and Lakshmi was an aspiring model and actress in her 20s.
It’s true: Veterans have often been left out in the cold.
Apocalypse doesn’t like the world he wakes up to, so he decides to destroy it and start over.
The destructive nature of fame is the gentle undercurrent of this episode, like when Kardashian makes a grandiose speech to his children about the fact that “fame is fleeting, it’s hollow, it means nothing at all without a virtuous heart,” and sometimes with tongue firmly planted in cheek, like when Kato Kaelin insists that “fame is complicated” after the one-two punch of being flashed by a car full of girls and being called a jerk by a fellow jogger seconds later.
Dwayne Maynard was not one of the five correction officers accused of mercilessly beating Jahmal Lightfoot, an inmate at Rikers Island, to teach him a lesson.
In the third inning, with Reyes on first base, Yoenis Cespedes doubled to center field.
Peripheral movement becomes a vast amplification of central action.
Five are in the show, two on reverse sides of a single sheet, all joining the painting for what is believed to be the first time since they were together in Rembrandt’s studio.
These motives — “respect,” cash and guns — are turning ordinary young people into murderers.
If you’ve got the second-worst tax return imaginable, and everyone who is cleaner than you discloses, the public will infer that you’ve either got the worst or the second-worst possible return.
For instance, it only includes high schools that have submitted at least five Fafsa forms, and counts only students 18 and under.
He wants to get rid of environmental policies that he says are driving up the cost of electricity by restricting the production and use of coal and other fossil fuels.
When Dominic Peacock found out he had been selected for an unpaid summer internship at the National Congress of American Indians here, he looked up the airfare from Albuquerque, rejected the option, and boarded a bus and rode 44 hours.
A simple change in procedure — the use of cameras to catch minor speed or equipment violations — would save lives of all colors.
An excellent resource for finding out the latest on the ever-changing waterfront is the website of the Bangkok River Partners, bangkokriver.com.
For example, he said new employees might suggest that the team build its own suspension parts rather than buy them from Ferrari, as it does now.
The company declined to provide information on his survivors.
“I am sure she lied by saying she was threatened, just to win the asylum case,” General Radmanish said on Sunday.
But what’s really most ridiculous about “Batman v Superman” is its lugubrious solemnity and generic philosophizing.
Augusta Uwamanzu-Nna of Long Island was accepted to all eight Ivy League universities, and 12 colleges in total.
And I said that I was holding out that hope that it would be the kind of trade agreement that I was looking for.
Which writers — novelists, playwrights, critics, journalists, poets — working today do you admire most?
Edmond then reached high to grab a long throw down the middle from Ryan Finley of the Wolfpack, and the Tigers escaped with their goals of the A.C.C.
On the one hand, she has perfect British sweaters and alluring pink lipstick and a haircut that I swear will inspire 10,000 curly bobs, and she’s funny and smart and seemingly irresistible to men.
It further presses the governor, who ran for office as a moderate, into an unexpected role, as a conservative warrior on social issues, months before voters decide if he deserves a second term.
One idea: Try dialing the phone yourself.
She paints an evocative image of sitting on a train to Galway, watching a woman breast-feed her baby: “The baby was gazing foggily upward .
There will be two penthouses and two townhomes, priced between $11.5 million to about $16 million.
Amid the slump, Babcock had one-on-one tutoring sessions with Matthews in the video room.
The Museum of Cultures, or Mudec, says that the doll “has managed to knock down every linguistic, cultural, social, and anthropological barrier.” Its exhibition, “ Barbie the Icon ,” is a study in rose with vintage, celebrity and designer dolls encased in huge clear cylinders that look like spaceships beaming down for landing.
“It was miserable,” she said.
“Croatia is still working its way up but is ripe for marina-led development.” In contrast, neighboring Montenegro has actively targeted yacht owners with upmarket marina-based residential sites.
“On this show, the heroes aren’t necessarily standard heroes, so I guess your villains need to be even worse.” Mr. Rheon, 30, wears the most-hated mantle easily.
Modern pilgrims usually appoint a slaughterhouse near Mecca to do this for them.
In an email to the group that oversees how Alibaba’s platforms are governed, Daniel Zhang, the company’s chief executive, pushed the group to continue fighting counterfeiters, whom he described as being “like bacteria in the air that we breathe.” But he also compared the American move to trade protectionism and said Alibaba would face similar efforts elsewhere as it expanded.
The road curves to the right at the bottom of the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir, and the back of the mammoth Metropolitan Museum of Art comes into view.
Those materials detail the company’s executive pay and show, for example, that Mylan’s top brass received a windfall when it incorporated overseas in 2014 to cut its tax bill sharply.
Diplomats have said negotiations are underway, though the prognosis for an agreement between the Chinese and Americans remains unclear.
The S.E.C.’s report comes from its Office of Credit Ratings; officials in this unit conduct exams and collect data on how the agencies are adhering to the rules.
But, on Oct. 25, he canceled his run of performances, citing illness, leaving “Raga-Mala” in the rather unlikely hands of Manfred Honeck.
Their dad, hey, you know what?
But for me, the more vital issue is the hollowing out of America’s corps of correspondents.
Our greater metropolis now has 13 urban and suburban pro teams — counting the N.F.L., M.L.B., N.B.A., W.N.B.A., N.H.L., M.L.S.
Sellers considered to be stores were excluded.
(Glenn Kenny) ★ ‘Barbershop: The Next Cut’ (PG-13, 1:52) Ice Cube returns as Calvin Palmer, whose Chicago haircutting establishment is once again the scene of much sexual, political and race-conscious banter.
Her reaction to this latest piece of aquatics architecture was that it’ll do.
Ms. Rancourt said his comments to Ms. Zalkind were off the record and that her posts on Twitter about their interaction showed that he was nervous about possibly missing his curfew, which in the end she said he had not.
A while later, getting closer to Los Angeles, there was some traffic on the highway, and I slowed down.
It’s not High Mass, and it’s not a seminar — it’s a ballgame.”
“When you decide something,” he said, “the road comes to greet you and you achieve your goals.”
You should know what’s going on in the entire world of politics.” That has meant cosmetic tweaks, like getting the names of obscure lawmakers out of headlines and framing stories for a larger audience.
STRATFORD “The Outgoing Tide,” drama by Bruce Graham.
But it is a designated terrorist group, and supporting it is illegal.
I’ll somehow have to make it through the day kudos-less.
car with sirens blaring to try to get to the attorney general’s room before Mr. Card and Mr. Gonzales.
For its premiere Sunday night , it drew 16.2 million viewers, following Fox’s broadcast of the NFC Championship Game.
For truck drivers, the benefits of automation are less certain.
The Shanghai composite index in mainland China rose 1.3 percent.
Walter Kerr Theater, 219 West 48th Street, 877-250-2929, thecrucibleonbroadway.com.
The investigation could also set up a potential showdown with President-elect Donald J. Trump, who has said he supports torture as a tool of counterterrorism .
Theranos, a blood-testing lab started and led by Ms. Holmes that promised to revolutionize the industry, is now under criminal investigation and faces increasing skepticism about whether its core technology works.
Tiny Tim tiptoed through the tulips here, and Alan Greenspan, Henry Kissinger, Maria Callas and Dr. Ruth Westheimer call or once called Washington Heights home.
So far, Ms. May appears to be wisely ignoring calls by some anti-E.U.
A neighbor she barely knows informs her of the news.
We spend a lot of time making sure their needs are attended to before they get in the building.” Jan Mesh, who breeds and shows black Russian terriers and was with one named Avatar (“like the movie”), said that his dogs did not care for the toilet area that had been provided for them outside Piers 92 and 94, where the earlier judging rounds took place.
last year, told lawmakers that programs like it would not only save the agency money but also “result in a smaller, more capable work force focused on our counterterrorism mission.” In the 2016 Department of Homeland Security budget, the Transportation Security Administration listed the screener workforce as one area of major reductions.
“He said, ‘We promise to take you to the next one,’” said Frank, now 82.
‘MATILDA THE MUSICAL’ The children’s revolution, per Roald Dahl (2:35).
“The rhetoric does not match up with the reality,” said Dr. Kenneth Kizer, a former under secretary for health at the V.A.
A few hours into the effort, two state troopers participating in the search found what appeared to be one, on West 27th Street, about four blocks above the explosion.
If you’d thought of yourself as your boyfriend’s exclusive partner, you might not have entered into this new relationship.
This is a lively 15×16 grid, where the Internet’s least favorite hobby, TROLLING, makes its debut.
A reader also recommended Kiwi.com for this scenario.
The ranking is described in an analysis of the debt by the Center for a New Economy, a nonpartisan research group in San Juan.
In the United States, sports stadiums have served as a catalyst for ambitious mixed-use projects in Los Angeles; Kansas City, Mo.
Paul LePage, a Republican, is coming under attack for displaying Old West-style wanted posters targeting environmentalists, unions and others at his latest town hall meeting, where he gave one critic a sarcastic “buh-bye” as he was escorted from the building.
FRONT PAGE An article on Jan. 27 about an order by the Obama administration that state and local law enforcement agencies return federal surplus military equipment erroneously included two items on a list of equipment being sent back.
And now, the falling costs of renewable power, the invention of devices like intelligent thermostats and electric meters, and other developments have created the possibility of sweeping change.
Mr. Assange is the subject of an arrest warrant in Sweden, which wanted to question him about allegations of rape and sexual abuse dating to 2010, to decide whether or not to bring charges.
From the speakers flanking him comes a sweet, synthesized drone — complex tones that fill the massive space, lulling the audience into a kind of midday trance.
“People don’t realize when they sit and watch, they don’t understand what goes into this beforehand — the hotels, the nutrition, the physios,” he said of competing internationally.
Mr. Trump’s father, Fred C. Trump, established himself as a major developer of midrise apartment complexes for middle-class families, especially for World War II veterans, in Brooklyn, in Queens and on Staten Island.
(APPLAUSE) And here’s the problem with that.
A fiction teacher once told us that we should know every detail about the characters we create, down to the kind of bath towel they prefer, even if the towel never appears in the story.
There are far fewer portable or public toilets than there were at the Calais encampment known as the Jungle, and they are rarely cleaned by the city.
The most effervescent sections wrest themselves free of stories; they consist of leaping, bounding, skidding across the floor.
is confident in its intelligence-gathering process,” the agency said.
Investors are getting nervous, and the money faucets are closing off.
He is the son of the late Velma J. Thurman and the late Clovis C. Thurman, who lived in Barling, Ark.
“Humor can be a way of blasting through fear and anxiety and giving people backbone.” I asked Franken about this.
They pick a major early on and stick with it, enabling a progression of internships that look more and more impressive with each year.
requirements for well-controlled studies necessary for approval.
(Plus Season 3 starts Sept.
The decks, however, are extended and expanded to accommodate rooms with balconies, something the original design never had.
Democratic leaders must be honest with their electorates about a globalized world’s rewards and constraints.
He is a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and contributes essays on politics and literature to The New York Review of Books, The New Yorker, The Guardian of London and The London Review of Books.
It is an agenda that cuts a stark contrast with Mr. Pence’s 15 years of public service.
The names of a few well-known conservatives have been offered up in recent days as potential third-party standard-bearers, and William Kristol, editor of The Weekly Standard, has circulated a memo to a small number of conservative allies detailing the process by which an independent candidate could get on general-election ballots across the country.
A lot had happened in the five years since Mr. Qadri killed our father.
After India’s independence and the abolition in the 1970s of the last vestiges of the princely feudal system, Bikaner House was vacated by its noble tenants and put to civic use.
Name Withheld Often, dear readers, I wish you would tell me more.
“Chris Christie had one singular goal heading into the debate, which was to leave a body on the floor,” he said.
The 9,500-pound statue, which depicts Mr. Forrest astride his horse, King Phillip, was dedicated to the city of Memphis in 1905 and erected as an “enduring monument” to the onetime Confederate lieutenant general.
Pulido, 25, is a forward for Olympiacos of Greece and was part of Mexico’s 2014 World Cup team, though he was not called up for the Copa América tournament, which starts this week.
Born and raised in Vienna, Wolff began racing cars as a teenager, but quickly ran out of cash and sponsors.
Ms. Martinez, who is in her second term, is popular among Republicans here and has been mentioned as a potential vice-presidential pick — though not necessarily by Mr. Trump’s team.
“I’m everything today,” she told customers as they entered.
She faced well-publicized financial problems in 2009 after taking ill-advised loans of millions of dollars and using her homes and rights to her photographs as collateral.
“This is a custom for Senegalese wrestlers,” she said.
It wasn’t until 1745, when the schoolmistress-turned-grammar-expert Ann Fisher proposed “he” as a universal pronoun for a person of unknown gender, that the use of “they” in the same circumstance was respun as grammatically incorrect.
It’s just a different world.
May 28 at 9 p.m. $5.
But Michael Smith, who owns The Inn at Bay Fortune on the island, and who has written cookbooks and hosted television cooking shows, suggested combining potatoes with two other foods associated with Canada, bacon and Cheddar cheese, as well as some Atlantic Canada cooking traditions.
Over Thanksgiving, for example, the company offered $100 credits to upstate college students who posted good Uber stories using the hashtag #NYNeedsUber .
The fact that we’re doing that is definitely a step forward.
Photographs from a land of endless waiting and palpable erosion — but also, an uncanny openness among everyday people.
used to refer to as ‘vigaaaahhh’ in defending the Constitution.” ) Highlight: As Mr. Cruz lamented the spending habits of the federal government, something dripped upon the stage from on high.
Policy holders must be medically certified as disabled to collect the insurance, but once that occurs, they no longer have to pay premiums.
With 87 percent of Democrats reporting negative views of him, the opposition of one in four Republicans would be impossible to overcome.
And in the five years since, the privately held company has hit record levels of efficiency and productivity, and sales of nearly $140 million in 2015.
Gawker Media’s legal battle with Hulk Hogan over the publication of a sex tape has had wide-ranging impact.
No artist has a sketchbook now.
The prospect of a taxpayer bailout for defrauded students could run into the billions of dollars depending on eligibility rules.
That didn’t ever happen; instead, the audience’s hunger for crossover music was sated by more crossover artists, and more releases from crossover stars.” What instrumental classical crossover has surely done, though, is opened up the possibilities for classically trained musicians to find homes in a variety of spaces, from orchestra halls to underground clubs.
His hands were suspect — he “handles outside curve balls like a man fighting bees,” Roger Angell observed in The New Yorker — and in 1963 he finished third among National League catchers in errors (15) and fourth in passed balls (11) despite starting just 66 games behind the plate.
Feb. 13 at 8 p.m. and Feb. 14 at 3 p.m. $25 to $35.
“It seemed dramatically to demand something more filmic and less episodic,” Ms. Sherman-Palladino said.
He deserved to keep the money, she said, adding, “This is the story of his life.”
Justice Bonnie G. Wittner said in her ruling that the notes and testimony of the reporter, Frances Robles, were “material, relevant and critical to the people’s case” against the man, Conrado Juárez, because her interview with him was the only other public statement he made about the crime besides his confession to the police.
Mr. Fialho and Ms. Levin spoke with more than 50 people who knew Mr. Richards; 15 statements from them are printed on the wall in the show above a case displaying ephemera.
“Only 20 percent of its sales are in the U.S. Thirty-five percent are in Europe and the rest are in emerging markets, like Brazil, China, Russia and India.” Hershey might also want to link up with a company that can quickly expand its revenue base beyond chocolate, as it has tried to do on its own, with a recent venture into beef jerky .
Above all, by the end of the decade, he had shown chefs the way to scrub the starch out of their restaurants and still be taken seriously.
Los Angeles Unified School District, $1.2 billion of general obligation debt securities.
They had been deeply struck by Michael Pollan’s 2002 New York Times Magazine article, “ Power Steer ,” about the life cycle of a cow destined for a Kansas feedlot.
A new digital ad campaign from Priorities USA, a “super PAC” supporting Hillary Clinton, equates fighting bigotry with stopping the presidential candidacy of Donald J. Trump.
None of this is likely to happen unless the political opposition succeeds in its push to oust Mr. Maduro through constitutional means.
It was a strangely knockabout inquisition.
His wife and children have been released, but the family has had no word about his whereabouts, his mother said.
“Where are we?” asks the dazed-looking woman in a maid’s uniform, her voice throaty with fatigue.
Despite concerns that some NATO nations were softening in their support for sanctions against Russia, Mr. Cameron insisted that the alliance’s message to Russia had not changed.
The hospital wants to add 71 beds, mostly for intensive care patients, to the 396 it has now, as well as four operating rooms and three magnetic resonance imaging machines.
the co-founder of the design collective known as Vetements, was called a fashion “revolutionary,” “subversive” and other terms of that nature.
American land-based missiles are kept on hair-trigger alert so they can be launched upon warning of an incoming attack, giving the president only about 10 minutes to evaluate the warning and decide whether to launch.
The unanimous acquittals covered all the charges but one, a theft of government property charge against Ryan Bundy for removing cameras mounted at the refuge, with no verdict rendered on it.
The first signals from the data recorder beacons were detected within hours.
The larger question is why.
Snow’s ascendancy in Asia illustrates the hurdles facing Snapchat, which has been focused on more general growth worldwide and not specifically on any single continent.
As a conservative policy leader, Mr. Ryan should have every reason to oppose Mr. Trump.
The action of the novel covers a single 24 hours, during which assignations are planned, then postponed, as Jon’s cellphone keeps redirecting him with orders from Harry Chalice, then a crisis call from his grown daughter, whom Jon must (ineffectually) attempt to comfort.
When he talks about making Michigan great again, he is evoking the years between World War II and the 1973 oil crisis, when an auto industry job that paid for a house, two cars and a cottage Up North was, in the words of the author and automaker Ben Hamper, a “precious birthright.” Like much of Mr. Trump’s nostalgic campaign, his promise to keep manufacturing jobs in America seems better suited for the attitudes — and the voters — of the 1980s.
It will be the first mountain time trial at the Tour in 12 years.
Now, he is moving to a newer Wall Street firm, taking one of its most senior posts.
Which is why what’s happening in New York is so interesting.
I don’t want to go out of here with a heart attack or anything else.
But the children have grown and left, and she and her husband have divorced.
Sculptures sit atop pedestals under surgical lights in rooms once used for operations.
“I don’t see myself as a short-film director, and I’m not a commercial director,” Mr. Baker, 44, said by phone from Los Angeles.
The obligations run in the other direction.
“Why didn’t I speak up and say, ‘How do you take care of the Mark Gaffneys of the world?’” So, on Saturday, Mr. Valde got his chance – and took it – during an intense exchange with Mr. Cruz in a middle school cafeteria in Hubbard, Iowa.
Mr. Anderson said the HBO series and Ms. Goldberg’s film were “such different projects” that they were hard to compare.
Terry Collins said part of his reasoning was that he wanted Lagares patrolling the large outfield at Kauffman Stadium.
Do these kinds of regulations affect your creative process?
While the Yankees added infielder Starlin Castro and the suspended reliever Aroldis Chapman, the Blue Jays basically remained unchanged, with one major exception — David Price, who beat the Yankees three times after he was acquired in late July, is now with the Boston Red Sox.
His father retired as a pharmacist at a Publix supermarket in Fort Lauderdale.
(Want to get this briefing by email?
Ta-Nehisi Coates, the award-winning writer who has become one of the nation’s most influential voices on cultural and political issues, particularly touching on race relations, said Wednesday that he would be voting for Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
Instead, Einstein said, matter and energy distort the geometry of the universe in the way a heavy sleeper causes a mattress to sag, producing the effect we call gravity.
BLUE LAWS: Selected and Uncollected Poems, 1995-2015 , by Kevin Young (Knopf, $30).
He said that the team was not in a rush to fill the positions and that he would personally interview each candidate.
In 1961, Earl Wilson referred to her in his New York Post column as “terrible-tempered Tammy Grimes” and reported that she had been known to “hit or bite her fellow actors.” Sometimes she was more politely called mercurial.
It wasn’t that long ago, in February 2014, when Mr. Ackman and Mr. Pearson were besties.
Set them adrift on steaming mugs of celebratory hot chocolate spiked with brandy, and they will leave golden traces as they melt: Wondermade Gold and Champagne Marshmallows, $24 for 16, mouth.com .
She has taken on marquee issues that are fiendishly complicated and may take years to resolve, such as ethnic conflict and minority rights, rather than more urgent humanitarian or economic matters.
I will call or write my member of Congress and express my opposition to mass deportation, to cutting 22 million people off health insurance, to nominations of people who are unqualified or bigoted, to reduced access to contraception and cancer screenings.
After six straight games without a touchdown, Freeman has one in each of his last two games and should end the season on a high note against this season’s worst fantasy run defense (24.3 F.P.P.G.).
The blades are locked in place for now, but sometime in October, they will be turned loose to capture the power of the wind.
Over his career, Mejia has earned about $3.6 million, but he will forfeit his $2.4 million salary for 2016.
Upsets are also happening down the charts.
In a subplot that doesn’t add much, Robert plays in a punk band led by his sister, Annie (Esme Appleton), that falls prey to petty internecine squabbling and frustrated secret desires.
Any experienced non-psychiatric nurse knows that there is no such thing as a non-psychiatric nurse.
Without seeing the earlier movie, I can’t comment; but after enduring this one, I can only wonder why the brothers would cop to any creative input at all.
Marie-Laure Ingouf, a lawyer for Nicolas Hénin and Pierre Torres, two of the four French journalists who were first detained in 2013 by the Islamic State in Syria, said that the former hostages had identified one of their captors as Mr. Laachraoui, who used the name Abu Idris at the time.
He is the full-time replacement for Jerry Dipoto, who resigned in July and had had an uneasy alliance with Mike Scioscia, the Angels’ manager since 2000.
Ms. Trump’s influence with her father is almost unrivaled in their family.
But there is a sort of divide in Pakistani society between modern people and religious people and sometimes you get a few comments from people who don’t understand what you’re trying to say.
“And then I took a sip of water and it went down the wrong way and I couldn’t get any words out.
“Bank leaders still have much to do to rebuild the trustworthiness of their industry,” he said.
Not to take an elderly woman’s home to build a parking lot so that high-rollers can come from New York City to build casinos in Atlantic City.
Published in February in Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews, it took on the difficult issue of what happens within our bodies during and after exercise that might affect and improve our moods.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, 212-967-7555, publictheater.org.
Recent diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks have detailed suspicions in the State Department that “Berlusconi and his cronies are profiting personally and handsomely from many of the energy deals between Italy and Russia.” To the dismay of many, the Italian electorate showed scant interest in any of Mr. Berlusconi’s blatant conflicts.
In one of our best-read pieces today, a geo-strategist argues that the U.S. is “reorganizing itself around regional infrastructure lines and metropolitan clusters that ignore state and even national borders.” He proposes the map above, to help the political system catch up.
Once I recoiled at seeing around the bend a seven-page sermon on how “the son of God is a Negro” by Allmon’s grandfather.
The second group, done at the time of the Attica prison rebellion, includes an oil study of the Statue of Liberty being hauled off to a junk heap.
And — crucially for progressives — the reduction in crime has helped restore citizens’ confidence that government can accomplish important goals.
The exchange operators have previously said that an exit by Britain would not change the deal, but that it could “well affect the volume or nature” of business carried out by the combined company.
And last month, AfterShock Comics announced that it would debut Chalis , after a fan had asked the writer, Paul Jenkins, for a transgender superhero.
But we still sign up for guided groups now and then, because the experts see and hear so much more.
?’) until my phone ran out of battery.” Sixty years pass.
“We run the camp for the animals.
In AlphaGo, learning algorithms, called deep neural nets, were trained using a database of millions of moves made in the past by human players.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Saturday about the actor Alan Young misstated his role in the 2002 remake of the 1960 movie “The Time Machine.” He played a flower store worker; he did not play David Filby, the part he had played in the original film.
Mr. Obama recruited John D. Podesta, then the head of the Center for American Progress, a liberal research and policy institution, to be his counselor in the White House “The weight, if you will, changed with a very recalcitrant Republican House, and with both the House and the Senate being part of the ‘Nyet!’ caucus,” Mr. Podesta said.
But after her husband’s death, Mrs. Geiwitz, who has diabetic neuropathy and pulmonary disease and uses a walker, couldn’t manage on her own.
But in Mr. Regeni’s case, the strongest suspicions have focused on the security forces because the circumstances of his disappearance match those of many Egyptians who have vanished into secretive detention facilities, run by the security forces, where torture is common.
That effort is practiced in a place typically insulated from even the idea of publication, and it depends upon a combination of exerting and relaxing one’s will over the writing.
But over the next three years, Levin, now 16, would garner enough attention that the Wolves decided to make him the top pick in the O.H.L.
“These characters, when you play them again, it’s really like meeting an old friend.
All people deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.”
After she was gone, I noticed the plaque on the lower rungs of the spider web: Made in Berlin.
Bureaucratic and other delays hampered the project from the start.
Many players were struck by the fact that they, too, were hearing these vignettes for the first time.
“I guess I thought I’d be more emotional going out, but I was almost laughing to myself.” She then paused and added: “I never could have imagined this happening.
As that part of our life is blessedly behind us.
Noting that he began his Iowa campaign with “no name recognition” and “no money,” Mr. Sanders drew ecstatic cheers as he said he took on the Clintons — “the most powerful political organization in the United States of America” — and drove them into a tie.
A younger sister, Carol Duhon, who died in a car accident, had wanted Carlisle to become a coach.
And because many men and their doctors think that, men are less likely than women to be evaluated and treated after a low-trauma fracture.” Men remain inadequately tested and treated after low-trauma fractures “even though their risk of a subsequent fracture is markedly increased,” said Dr. Sundeep Khosla, an endocrinologist at the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine, echoing Dr. Adler’s concerns.
With the American market for hummus reaching $800 million annually, there’s a lot of aquafaba floating around, or more precisely down the drain.
The original chains of transmission are terminated now,” said Dr. Robert Steffen, a communicable disease expert who is vice chairman of the W.H.O.
If tales of goats, a fan named Steve Bartman and past playoff collapses and curses began to be revisited, another very real specter appeared in the head of Joe Maddon, the manager of the Chicago Cubs.
Padre Juan was a corrupt, promiscuous lecher no one mourns.
Fred, Ping and John are three of the six older New Yorkers I followed last year for the series “85 & Up,” which looked at daily life for one of the fastest-growing age groups in the city .
Q. I have some photos I copied from my phone to my Windows 10 PC for cropping and editing on a bigger screen.
But because it lies along the Equator, Colombia has more days that naturally follow the 12-hour pattern than countries that are farther north, like the United States and Canada.
In contrast to Phelps, whose blinkered focus could be off-putting, Lochte came across as accessible.
In 35 minutes of action, Noah rummaged for loose balls, pounded his chest and reveled in an evening free of misery.
But many rank-and-file electricians did not.
Dear Watching, I feel like a kid complaining that there’s nothing on, but I just can’t seem to get interested in a series.
■ 1D: Bet you didn’t see that one coming.
Fleeing a surge in gang violence and a void of opportunity, record numbers of Central Americans began streaming toward the United States in the spring of 2014.
On Saturday afternoon, his agents informed the Mets of his decision.
They claimed that the company breached its contract and that it was acting as an agent of Mr. Spitzer’s office when it sought to force them to speak with investigators, violating their constitutional right to silence.
With an endowment of $5.2 million and debt of $39 million, it depends on student fees to pay more than 95 percent of its operating costs; yet to keep students, it must heavily discount its $46,000-a-year tuition, room and board.
A bank of speakers ensure that the actors don’t have to shout, but some exchanges are unamplified and so are barely heard.
Just about anywhere you go, there is now Pokémon Go.
래리 페이지가 지적 호기심으로 가득한 실리콘 밸리의 첫 번째 CEO는 아니다.
In Washington D.C., where a blizzard warning is in effect, the storm is supposed to start tonight, bringing two feet of snow.
Don’t look if you can’t stand it, but the press needs to do its job.
Two hundred sets of twins have competed at the Games, Mallon said, almost always in the same events, including the canoeists Pavol and Peter Hochschorner of Slovakia, who won gold medals in doubles slalom in 2000, 2004 and 2008.
58C, sold for $17,287,537.59 , according to city records, and was this week’s runner-up sale.
These “paratroopers” — as they are affectionately called by supporters in homage to their standing up to police brutality — are now asking for more than they were during the Umbrella Movement, or than the mainstream pro-democracy camp known as the pan-democrats.
In it, Mr. Paladino said he wished Mr. Obama would die of mad cow disease .
“And what I said to him was what may work in generating enthusiasm or passion during elections may be different than what will work in terms of unifying the country and gaining the trust even of those who didn’t support him,” Mr. Obama said.
Seated at the bar, young women in minidresses tapped their platform sandals to the beat of Bunny Berigan’s trumpet and flirted with fashionably bearded lads.
“This is history, folks.” (It’s not, but to Trump that doesn’t matter.)
Peter Chernin, Rupert Murdoch’s former No.
Mr. Scarlett, a talented choreographer, is perfectly capable of ticking these boxes.
Before the job at Ciming, he said, he had interned at a television station and worked for an insurance company and in direct sales without encountering any prejudice.
Obama is the best gun salesman on the planet,” said Mr. Navellier, chairman of the Reno, Nev., investment firm Navellier & Associates , alluding to the notion that the White House’s push for stricter gun laws has driven sharp increases in firearm sales .
As my brother said, they were replete with death.” Mr. Fritz had been on the Bataclan’s second floor balcony when the killing started.
But the Australian government began allowing large-scale iron ore exports in the 1960s, opening up the region to buyers from Japan and Europe.
The Rangers thought they had tied the score 1:52 into the second period when Dan Girardi fired a shot past Corey Crawford from the right circle.
Vickers’s argument for his theory might sound fanciful if it weren’t advanced with such expertise.
“The burqa does not belong to Germany,” Mr. Caffier said this week, and Mr. Henkel called the covering “a cloth cage.” Calls by conservatives for at least a partial ban on face coverings have swelled as the governing bloc — Ms. Merkel’s Christian Democrats and a sister party in Bavaria — has lost ground to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany.
Matt Kenseth grabbed the lead with six laps remaining but pitted for fuel and handed the top spot back to Keselowski, who had just enough gasoline in reserve to edge Carl Edwards by 0.175 of a second in a tense finish.
“He was going through a terrible depression and wanted to kill himself,” his full-time caretaker, Maureen Laffey, told The Post.
“What matters is what they meant to you when they were here.
The sisters distill and interpret the folk songs of their grandparents, singing in what they call Yemenite, a nearly extinct dialect of Arabic spoken by the Jews of Yemen.
He recalls what he found examining the farm workers’ plight, but it is Udelia who tells of Mr. Sanders’s actions to address the situation, including holding hearings.
The group also plans to distribute 100,000 mail pieces in the state this week highlighting Marco Rubio’s “less than conservative record on immigration, cap-and-trade, military spending and Libya.” “You are only as good as the company you keep…” the mailer reads, with Mr. Rubio, a senator from Florida, pictured beside images of Hillary Clinton and Senators Chuck Schumer of New York and Harry Reid of Nevada.
Now you’ve got Matthew Barney, who has latched onto this idea of the mythological, which seems very much in the air: the whole paganization of our culture.
The group features Jeffrey Myers and Ryan Meehan on violin, Jeremy Berry on viola and Estelle Choi on cello.
Boulton Center for the Performing Arts, 37 West Main Street.
“I almost gave up.” By the time her parents, Aaron and Gwen Gavios, had flown from New York to be at her bedside, the suspect had been arrested and the attack was generating social media buzz as the latest challenge to confront the tourism industry in Thailand, where recent violent crimes against foreigners have attracted enormous attention.
When he died the next evening, he was 39.
That is what is required of the Cavaliers now: three straight to close out the finals and claim their first championship in franchise history.
“This too shall pass,” he told me and said nothing else.
Portland, Ore. “I’ve seen the Stones close to 30 times.
“There is no doubt that right now, Trump is the favorite.” With four states having voted, Mr. Rubio has not won a single contest or managed to commandingly defeat Mr. Cruz, despite his formidable advantages.
For the first time in my life, I wasn’t able to complete it.
Mr. Altchek recalled a companywide meeting last September that coincided with the religious holidays Yom Kippur and Eid al-Adha.
But the Bulldogs calmed their nerves and settled into their typical, pounding formula, shooting 61.5 percent from the field while wearing down Columbia, 86-72.
He said Aug. 1 was the target date for resuming negotiations.
Here are some of our favorite stories told by drones in 2016.
And the decision three years ago to replace the social reformer Elizabeth Fry with Churchill spurred some loud protests, since the queen would be left as the only female figure on British currency.
SUSAN WEXLER Haddon Township, N.J. To the Editor: Re “ Trump’s Decline Is Seen as Threat to G.O.P.
“At this stage in my life, the early morning to late night days have taken a toll, along with my sleepless nights and grueling hours.” The shock waves quickly followed.
The Koch brothers’ have invested in such state-regulated areas as refining, chemicals, biofuels and ingredients; forest products; fertilizers; polymers and fibers.
It’s like the best idea in the world.”
Mr. Romney’s previous criticism of President-elect Donald J. Trump and Mr. Giuliani’s foreign business dealings are viewed by rival factions as strikes against them .
The Boston molasses disaster, Mr. Rubinstein said, is “a beautiful story for teaching.”
If you put more there, it’s almost too much information.
“So what I try to do is tell my friends in the field.
This week, as the Democrats ready themselves for an unprecedented presidential race, Mrs. Clinton will try to show that she is the best story in town.
Governance, though, is more troubling.
She was not identified, and her exact itinerary was not disclosed.
그녀의 손목에는 BMW 차 한 대 값보다 더 나가는 브레게(Breguet) 시계가 햇빛을 받아 반짝거렸다.
INDOORS: The two-story building was converted within the last 10 years by Ben Frombgen, an architect and the founder of a San Francisco firm called bcooperative .
(It’s Not for Farming) ” for more information.
The city commissioned “Free Interpretation ” using funds from the Civic Center construction, and in 1962 the sculpture was an early recipient of funding under the law, the first of its kind nationwide.
Now, that sort of marketing is gone.
I would define this particular generation, born between 1985 and 1990, as being stuck in the middle.
Ms. Yellen attributed the deceleration on Tuesday to a judgment by Fed officials that somewhat lower rates were necessary to maintain steady growth.
Each parka was dyed a different color, so the men could identify one another by sight in harsh conditions; Plaisted picked royal purple.
Carolina (6-8) kept its wild-card hopes alive and dealt a serious blow to the Redskins’ chances with two weeks left in the season.
Pretty much everyone at Sporting knows the tale, which is now part of the club’s folklore; pretty much everyone tells it in the same way, with a cadence and cast of characters seemingly straight out of the Nativity.
I didn’t like taking it, but I was so deep into what I was doing at the time that I did what I considered had to be done.
Like magic.” The rise of online legal forms may not be a gripping subject, but it matters.
Legislators passed the bill on extending the detention of high-risk offenders after significant amendments narrowed its scope and increased safeguards for prisoners.
He fights against racial injustice.” Then they left the park, to catch a train back to the Bronx, and get home before their curfews.
Critics fear that portability, which Congress rejected in its latest overhaul of the nation’s chief education law last year, will bleed dollars from traditional public schools.
“It is also a warning to those in the U.S. who tolerate and support the Taiwanese independence forces.”
The approach carried into the playoffs until the last two games of the N.B.A.
His mother is a partner in Shute, Mihaly & Weinberger, a San Francisco law firm.
There’s a slight ulterior motive, of course.
And not happy with the typical fashion week celebration, Mr. Hilfiger rented out a pier in the South Street Seaport neighborhood and hosted a two-day carnival, complete with a Ferris wheel, that drew enthusiastic crowds on a sweltering Friday night.
During his seven-decade career, Harry Belafonte has been a singer, an actor, a friend to Martin Luther King Jr., a Unicef good-will ambassador, an anti-apartheid activist and more.
Out-migration is considered a prime cause of Puerto Rico’s financial tailspin, because it shrinks the island’s economy, leaving fewer people and fewer dollars to support the crushing debt.
There is a long tradition in fact of the so-called pia fraus: the pious fraud.
He also manages a number of condominium developments in the city that display his name.
Hill had nine catches for 52 yards and the tying touchdown, ran right around the Broncos’ Von Miller for another score and even returned a free kick for an early touchdown that helped the Chiefs on their way to a crucial overtime victory.
They are not even real Poles.” Soon after the opposition march arrived at the Law and Justice headquarters, Justyna Kowalczyk, 37, one of the protesters, said that “this is not going to end well for us.” Mr. Walesa, the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 and a symbol of Polish independence for many around the world, has thus far steered clear of the antigovernment protests.
(The Police Department declined to enumerate the detail’s cost.)
Ms. Hartmann’s case is different because she wrote about the judges themselves, disclosing legal reasoning and citing their names in two confidential decisions made by several judges.
Certainly in those where we become keenly alert to the pain, treatment strategies including cognitive behavioral therapy are more effective than opioids.
They were the same size as regular classes, and teachers in the classes for the gifted were paid no more than others.
One of the more prominent Instagram accounts is run by a reporter for Iranian state television, Hassan Shemshadi, who honors Iranian fighters and Afghans in the Iran-backed Fatemiyoun brigade.
TAXES: $7,128 a year, plus $647 a month in homeowner association dues CONTACT: Moira Holley, Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty, 206-660-4787; moirapresents.com
On the wall below, as if raining from above, silver letters are arranged vertically to form words: “kindness,” “dream” and others.
Tim Leroux, who was the commander from 2009 to 2012 and retired a lieutenant colonel, saw them as the “mom and pop of the department.” It became one of their rocks.
,” by Nancy Pelosi (Op-Ed, March 22): As chief of staff to Representative George Miller, the California Democrat who developed the “pay as you go” deficit reduction plan in 1982, I would like to make two points.
“If you’ve got something to say, say it directly, but you will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation that I ever received,” Mrs. Clinton said.
So when I hear there’s a revote” — there wasn’t, actually — “I know too much about politics, so I get it.
“The Accountant,” also starring Anna Kendrick , took in a sturdy $24.7 million, according to comScore, which compiles ticketing data.
And they don’t understand their addiction.
After more than a week of accusations that the spread of fake news on Facebook may have affected the outcome of the presidential election, Mark Zuckerberg published a detailed post Friday night describing ways the company was considering dealing with the problem.
“If the Israeli government didn’t get involved, nobody would have done anything.” Ms. Moropoulou, the conservationist leading the renovation, said she hoped it would maintain the intangible spirit “of a living monument.” “This tomb is the most alive place,” Ms. Moropoulou said.
“What’s going to drive her through the South are African-American women,” he said of Mrs. Clinton.
I am a college student and keep up with friends from home by social media.
Last month they printed the suspect’s picture, along with those of five others accused of participating in the killings, in local dailies, offering rewards of up to 500,000 takas, about $6,400, for information leading to their arrests.
Up front is a bookshop and cafe; beyond are racks of perfectly aged denim cutoff shorts, shearling coats in hues from caramel to chocolate, an extensive selection of 1980s Lycra leggings (including a pair sporting a Froot Loops print) crop tops cunningly fashioned from silk scarves, playsuits, on-trend knife-pleat skirts and enough ties to supply a lifetime of Father’s Day gifts.
This is, however, a minor quibble.
“These investigations take time; there’s a process we go through,” said Mr. Bratton, who added that investigators had spoken with the officer.
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
Indeed, late in life Bourgeois wrote in her diary: “To be an artist is a guarantee to your fellow humans that the wear and tear of living will not let you become a murderer.” Still, “Cloth Lullaby” is one of the loveliest picture books I’ve encountered — a tender homage to an extraordinary woman.
to insert itself, however obliquely, into broader cultural conversations: “LifeAfter” will ultimately address such trendy topics as artificial intelligence and the possibility of a “ digital afterlife .” It’s a means, Ms. Christon said, for doing something the best advertising always strives for: “capitalizing on the zeitgeist.”
There are also other films in the works about the Boston Marathon attack; “Stronger,” planned for release next year, will find Jake Gyllenhaal playing Jeff Bauman , who lost both legs in the bombing.
The latest study, published in October in JAMA , found that overall use of dietary supplements by adults in this country has remained stable from 1999 through 2012, although some supplements have fallen out of favor while the use of others has increased.
What we now call the global financial crisis got its start in mid-2007, as losses on mortgage-related securities mounted and global money markets froze up.
(The man believed to be her boyfriend, in his video, said she lacked for nothing.)
Active on Facebook, Ms. Wettlaufer, who is known as Bethe, also posted poems, now removed, on the website AllPoetry under the pen name “bettywatson.” Five years ago, as part of a contest, she wrote “Inevitable,” a poem about a female serial killer, which reads in part: “Her knife sings a love song/to the splattering gore/slicing through breast bone/romancing some more.”
“You look at the games we have on the first full day, they’re all kind of N.C.A.A.
“It seems like a glaring slap in the face to not give anything,” Ms. Robledo said.
He has admitted taking money from his friends but denied doing favors for them — a defense that will not apply in cases brought under the new law, given the ban on officials taking expensive gifts for almost any reason.
And being humble, when it comes to money, is incredibly smart.
“Nothing I have on is mine.
“It was pretty overwhelming,” she said.
There was no reason the issue had to drive a wedge between the two men, the Texas senator said, according to a person briefed on the meeting who supports one of Mr. Cruz’s opponents.
Even the room was below me.” Mr. Gambier, who today is hard of hearing and has bags under his eyes, imitated the night sounds in his cell and other prisoners’ groans; he described the oppression of bodies pressed against one another and their “burning, transparent, greenish diarrhea.” He was in detention for five years.
Yet Bloomberg says it started marking down her wealth in February and changed it to zero in April as one of its West Coast reporters started picking up problems with Theranos’s valuation.
Depending on how you like your movies, this is either a walkout or a must-see.
Amid the scuffle, one of the officers said Mr. Sterling had a gun.
The 47.8 percent turnout was a record low for post-Soviet Russia, far below the 60 percent in 2011, and it was especially low in major urban areas.
There are positive signs that these investments are paying off.
It may be difficult to comprehend the reaction to the horror of Charles Whitman, a 25-year-old student who shot more than a dozen dead, wounding more than twice as many.
It seems like a good idea.
He also hired Terry Robiskie as offensive coordinator and Bobby April as special teams coordinator.
Chris Chang, the spokesman for the support group, said the prison experience had left Mr. Lee suspicious of everyone and their motives, leaving him prone to sudden changes of heart.
“The variations in their oath mean one thing, that they did not sincerely take the oath,” Mr. Cheng said in the interview.
The structure of Olga Grushin’s original new novel, “Forty Rooms,” is ingeniously simple.
But in both cases, “taking back our country” means a retreat from the world that the Anglo-Americans envisaged after 1945.
In 1968 the University of California, San Diego, invited him to spend a year as a visiting lecturer.
After Hurricane Matthew deluged North Carolina this month, at least 14 of the lagoons flooded.
Given that disconnect, how much of a difference can arguments like yours make?
In 1996, Gloria Steinem offered a theory about why so many people hated Hillary Clinton: “She and the president are presenting, at a very high, visible level, a new paradigm of a male-female relationship.
Or Christian?” In 2003, an estimated 1.5 million Christians lived in Iraq.
Second, the executives invest in their firms’ own funds and get to keep their profits.
Disruptions to the marine environment, from collapsing food webs to ocean acidification, can pose threats to our own survival.
(Isherwood) ‘Finding Neverland’ This musical adaptation of the 2004 biopic about J.M.
How have those trends managed to emerge simultaneously?
In October, Rihanna announced the album title and revealed the cover at an art gallery party in Los Angeles.
“But he and my mother worked hard, and their dream was for my brother and I to be able to have a higher standard of living than they did.” Mr. Sanders spoke in front of his old apartment last week , recalling memories of hanging out on a corner of nearby Kings Highway and whiling away the days playing “punch ball.” Mr. Sanders’s support has been particularly weak among black voters – recent polls showed Mrs. Clinton leading him by more than 30 points among black Democrats in New York.
Performers include the violinists Sean Lee and Danbi Um; the violists Paul Neubauer and Richard O’Neill; and the cellist Mihai Marica.
Mr. Christie’s office wanted to see what happened after that year’s primary elections.
“They can’t pretend that they are just a platform,” Ms. Boldrini said.
They headed for the Mark, a hotel on the Upper East Side where Ms. Handler likes to stay when she’s in town.
His experiments largely took place in Tampa, Fla., because of his relationship with the graphics studio at the University of South Florida there.
Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.; Saturdays, 4 to 6 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Nails in the Wall, the Gallery at St. Luke’s, 17 Oak Avenue.
When he performed on Wednesday night at the Theater at Madison Square Garden in a double bill with the blues guitarist Buddy Guy , that topical rage grew diffuse, if it was there at all.
Another scandal emerged recently when it was revealed that Amazon’s same-day delivery service was unavailable for ZIP codes in predominantly black neighborhoods.
Mr. Trump has struggled to raise money from establishment donors, and he has drawn fresh criticism from Republicans and Democrats for his racial attacks on a federal judge and his revived proposal to bar Muslims from entering the United States in the wake of the gay nightclub massacre in Orlando, Fla. With the Republican National Convention looming, he faces the task of broadening his team to include people with previous presidential campaign experience and uniting a party that is often not in lock step behind him.
And I finally said, ‘Lord, you know this is not on my bucket list.’ ” He paused.
And then what he said about on “60 Minutes”.
A previous survey of butterfish had been unsuccessful at figuring out how robust the population was — there was too much uncertainty in the assessment’s sampling of the fish.
The company is owned 50 percent by Ms. Elting and 49 percent by Mr. Shawe.
Esmat and his colleagues performed 138 operations during those days, almost a third of them emergency laparotomies — the abdomen was cut open and internal organs were piled on the chest, so that the surgical team could go through them, painstaking inch by inch, looking for lacerations to suture.
Donald J. Trump has irritated China even before taking office as president, with criticism of the country’s trade and currency practices and an unexpected phone call with the president of Taiwan.
• Administrators at Reed College in Portland, Ore., discovered hateful, threatening messages and swastikas on the walls of the college’s library, KOIN 6 reported .
A similar story holds in North Carolina.
After experiencing the picture, you are left with the nagging suspicion that its retrograde ideology and its ravishing imagery are not contradictory attributes but are, rather, inextricably codependent.
“Guarantees are here to stay — it’s something all our clients want to consider,” Mr. Dolman said.
At a tasting led by Carla Marina Marchese, a beekeeper who founded the American Honey Tasting Society , participants will learn the particulars of six single-origin honeys, how the bees make each and the characteristics of terroir.
Contador crashed in two earlier stages and said on Sunday that he woke up with a fever.
This creature was not what I expected.
The investment bank would report to Mr. Staley until a successor is named, he said.
Ms. Rider of the State Education Department said New York would still make some of that information available in subcategories.
A lawyer for Rabbi Rosenblatt, Meyer G. Koplow, said the rabbi was stepping down because “he would like to see the community grow and he thinks in order for that to happen it needs a fresh start, and this is intended to make that possible.” Another lawyer for Rabbi Rosenblatt, Benjamin Brafman, said that the rabbi’s decision was “purely voluntary” and that discussions on the subject were “initiated by Rabbi Rosenblatt.” The email from the synagogue’s president, Samson Fine, said that the synagogue’s trustees “anticipate discussing transition details with the board in the next two weeks.” Mr. Koplow said the rabbi was willing to retain a role at the synagogue if the board wanted that.
At least four other former officeholders besides Ms. Tuck — who is now vice president for campus services at Mississippi State — took more than $50,000.
Before his sentencing for his 2013 arrest, Mr. Loomis received a score on the Compas scale that suggested he was at a high risk of committing another crime.
Before Mr. Lavrov spoke, Maria Zakharova, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, took to Facebook to denounce the Obama administration.
Today, Tylenol is a best-selling over-the-counter analgesic.
For the F.B.I., domestic counterterrorism sometimes entails stings — finding people who might commit violent acts in the future and testing how far they’re willing to go.
My messenger bag had flipped over my head.
As to where ‘‘popular’’ music is going?
By 2006, “the market was booming,” he said.
(Unfair — though it is notable that a balding, unfashionable chap with character-actor looks rode a music-industry push to stardom in the video era.)
But he came to believe that the money was not always well spent.
(APPLAUSE) Who gave me their endorsement, 16,500 gave me their endorsement.
Robert A. Durst, the multimillionaire whose bizarre life of privilege and mayhem was the subject of a 2015 documentary, was arraigned here on Monday on charges of murdering a onetime confidante 16 years ago.
Some American sportswriters grumbled that the marks were not equivalent, as Japanese ballparks tended to be smaller.
Lax European rules have also led to high pollution levels in many urban areas even though emissions standards have, in theory, become tighter.
“We like to think that presidential politics doesn’t affect the situation here,” Finchem said.
Some also believe that the development of the Caribbean Premier League, a Twenty20 league started in 2013, could benefit the test team.
and the Power 5 over the salary cap and minimum salaries, which would probably increase over time.
“When you’re maintaining an older housing stock, a maintenance issue is never minor,” he said, “so it’s nice to have that extra money to offset a good portion of your common-area costs.” Similarly, after spending $1.7 million to install solar systems on nine rental buildings in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens, Daniel Benedict, the founder of Benedict Realty Group, estimated that the investment will have paid for itself in about five years.
“There were prostitutes and problems with drugs,” said Mr. Arndtsen, who now manages the Columbus Amsterdam Business Improvement District , covering those two avenues from West 96th to West 110th Streets.
At Mile 3, a woman ambles across a line painted in marathon blue near Bay Ridge Avenue.
This Week in Hate is collecting submissions of incidents that have already been reported to law enforcement or in other media outlets.
(Gordon Gekko, the villain of the 1987 film “Wall Street,” held “ Harvard M.B.A.-types ” in contempt.)
Mr. Reynolds said he agreed that the text shows hints of Whitman’s later turn toward ethnographic pseudoscience (a kind of “pre-eugenics,” Mr. Reynolds said), a topic that has received substantial attention from scholars in recent years.
After Mr. Bozic arrived at Nikola Tesla Airport in Belgrade, he immediately checked into a hotel down the street from his family’s old house.
With a paunch and a sometimes scraggly beard, Mr. Bannon has a rugged look that Stephen Colbert described as “Robert Redford dredged from a river.” He is an avid reader of history, fond of citing Plutarch and Plato, and his career reflects a restless, eclectic mind.
His collaborators on “New Brooklyn” include Vito Delsante, the writer of “The Purple Heart,” whom he met at a comic store and who later joined his studio, and Shamus Beyale, the cartoonist on “The Brooklynite,” who worked with his friend Seth Kushner, a photographer and comic book writer who died last year.
But even around the world, stadiums named for athletes are fairly rare, with Ferenc Puskas Stadium in Hungary and Estádio Nacional Mané Garrincha in Brazil the exceptions, not the rule.
Both films are Chinese-Hong Kong co-productions.
In other words, people could buy in to Medicare, and even when the Democrats were in charge of the Congress, we couldn’t get the votes for that.” — Hillary Clinton This comment “forces proponents of a single player plan to face a hard truth,” said Gpshea.
He tried to order a taxi for me but was told nobody was driving into Nice.
The results prompted the current governing party’s prime minister to say he would resign, setting the stage for early elections in the spring.
Merrick accepted a low-level job as a federal prosecutor in President George H.W.
The average margin of victory in the New Year’s Six games was 24.2 points.
In an interview with ESPN during the season, Commissioner Rob Manfred acknowledged that things were going in the wrong direction, citing among other things that players were not focusing on keeping the games moving and that some longer replays were certainly interfering.
President Obama will be at the Israeli Embassy in Washington to deliver an address, and Israel’s president is making public a handwritten request for clemency from the Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann.
How U.S. intelligence officials have connected the Russian government to an attempt to disrupt the 2016 presidential election.
That was the largest deployment of American troops outside major bases in Afghanistan since the end of the NATO combat mission in 2014.
Guess who got a puppy!
In a recent interview in his Washington office, a few blocks from the White House, Mr. Aronson said that in the Havana talks he has applied the lessons he learned in those earlier episodes.
The missile is road-mobile, which makes its movements harder for the American military to trace.
“They should really be a little more neighborly,” Mr. Greenfield said.
They can only be that way.” With success (and aging), however, came more stress, especially for Mr. Lukens, who had struggled for a long time with depression, anxiety and self-harm.
But then the Cubs won Sunday night and the odds got better.
By contrast, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, whose fierce criticisms of Mr. Trump on the campaign trail often verged on the apocalyptic, rejects compromise with Mr. Trump.
He and his competitors deserve enormous credit for trying to make free, in-home trials the price of admission for participating in the mattress industry, and all of us should demand the same deal from brick-and-mortar retailers.
• 8A: I had heard of handwriting SCRAWLS called “chicken scratch,” but apparently they’re also called “ Hen tracks .” #NowIKnow • 41A: Wordplay alert, albeit a bit strident.
Antonia Antonova Rahneva, the daughter of Anton V. Rahnev of Chandler, Ariz., and the late Vania G. Rahneva, was married Dec. 17 to Matthew Moler Karlan, a son of Carey M. Karlan of Darien, Conn., and Mitchell A. Karlan of Old Greenwich, Conn. P. Kevin Castel, a judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, for whom the groom was a law clerk, officiated at the Lafayette Grand Café and Bakery in New York.
“I do not believe what people push for, that because she’s a woman she has to be elected,” Ms. Shapiro said.
Today only about 1,500 to 1,700 grizzlies survive outside Alaska, in five isolated populations in the northern Rocky Mountains and the Cascades.
The cost of housing, he said, is climbing beyond his reach.
Kurtz said the platoon already sensed that the plans for Helmand were destined to fail.
Last month, the agency charged with preserving California’s coastline ousted its executive director, who was deemed too hostile to development.
Indiana’s governor, Mike Pence , is the latest possible running mate to join Mr. Trump on the trail.
She worked with us for a while.
Since 2012, when its lobbying campaign began in earnest, OneMain has helped enact legislative changes in at least 10 states.
Her father started a shul and yeshiva in the Canarsie neighborhood.
When you’re pursuing a career in a field that’s both unrewarding and mostly D.I.Y.
The offensive plays, including a trick play in which Woodson was credited with a 28-yard pass, were somewhat backloaded toward the end of the season, as the Heisman chatter picked up.
Whatever your trepidation, you can get comfortable on two wheels in this city.
“I’m expecting the same thing — and they will be served.” In Virginia, Mr. McAuliffe told CNN that if conditions deteriorate, he would consider closing a major rural thoroughfare, Interstate 81.
Mr. Yanukovych fled Kiev, and Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, sent special forces to bring him to Russia.
He says we have “nothing to lose.” Nothing could be further from the truth.
Some critics portray the law as a critical turning point as the country rushed to put more low-level offenders in prison, ravaging low-income communities.
It had been a rough year for the Commission.
Now, the bad news: The Fed may have reached the end of its ability to steer the economy, and it requires help from the White House and Congress.
But experts see real potential for growth in an area that gets some of the strongest and steadiest sunshine in the world.
I want a strong United States and I hope China does well, but before I worry about China I have to worry about the United States and we’re not doing well.
The United States, I think, has to continue to exercise its influence in the Middle East, stay active, and not do this pull-back type of program that we are seeing all over the place with President Obama, which is creating this kind of danger.
We may never know if Russia’s digital offensive, which spared Donald J. Trump and his Republican allies, cost Mrs. Clinton the election.
Think the hit television series “The Great British Bake Off,” but instead of aspiring chefs, the contestants are architects whose task is to recreate the world’s most iconic buildings in cake.
One example she cited was the Emmy Awards, which had never given Mr. Trump’s hit reality television show, “The Apprentice,” the accolades that he thought it deserved.
Hickey is neither art criticism’s reactionary philosopher king nor its populist Robin Hood, but a sensualist with an acquired taste for art that is resistant to interpretation and unapologetically elitist, a term he halfheartedly redeems as a positive value.
It seems weird to think that if I wasn’t in a monogamous relationship and wasn’t having sex, I wasn’t getting that kind of touch.
(To test their system, we tracked the journey of the classic New York novel “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” from Lower Manhattan all the way to Staten Island.)
Mr. Trump was quick to react on Twitter, writing “Terrible jobs report just reported.
I also have a cup of coffee that I make from my Keurig and I sweeten with honey — not sugar or saccharine — and a little bit of skim milk.
While Jeanne Lanvin was the eldest of 11 children, Ms. Jarrar is the sixth of seven.
“I could think of no worse example for nations abroad,” he said, “than that of the United States wrangling over the results of our presidential elections, and even suggesting that the presidency itself could be stolen by thievery at the ballot box.” (And, of course, he hoped to have a long political career ahead of him; being seen as a sore loser wouldn’t further it.)
If you find yourself walking the Belgian-block streets of the meatpacking district , you are likely to be near a clothing boutique.
This summery punch works with or without alcohol.
The visiting Brazilian officers were shown the type of hand signals that security officers use on the course to communicate with one another so they do not disturb the golfers.
The director, Kleber Mendonça Filho (himself a former critic), turns her plight into a humane, sexy meditation on art, aging and life and also a biting critique of the corruption and materialism that threaten Brazil’s cultural identity.
The strongest hint so far has come from Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who either revealed American plans for a strike or engaged in one of the better bits of psychological warfare in recent times.
They created hovercrafts evocative of “Blade Runner” and used them as set dressing.
All those swings took place Tuesday on the baseball field at the University of Southern California, where the erstwhile quarterback and pop culture sensation took on what seems to be a monumental challenge — convincing scouts that at age 29, and more than a decade removed from playing high school baseball, he can play in the major leagues one day.
Mr. Assad would almost surely lose such a vote, the Kremlin expects, leading to what would be a dignified exit, diplomats said.
The dominant theme in the technology industry for more than a few years now has been social media and on-demand services.
1 p.m. [Free] • La Isla Bonita Summer Festival brings tropical music, electric island vibes and more to Faber Park on Staten Island.
His goodbye ceremony came right before a home game against the Tampa Bay Rays.
(Some of Mr. Hartley’s earlier paintings, vibrant tangles of unresolved lines, resemble sci-fi takes on Brice Marden’s works.)
Although most of the restaurant’s dishes represent fare from different European countries, like French onion soup and pappardelle Bolognese, they offer very little actual merging of cooking styles or ingredients, save for some French sauces or techniques that appear in non-French dishes.
From 15,000 to 55,000 rupiah, and coffee drinks around 25,000.
After the election of Donald J. Trump as president of the United States, commentators and policy makers in Germany have been busy creating oversize word-paintings of the European electoral struggles to come.
history to rush for at least 875 yards and seven touchdowns in their first eight career games.
She did not shy away from defending late-term abortions – often a political minefield.
There were reports of gunfire in Taksim Square, in central Istanbul, where pro-Erdogan supporters had gathered, but there were no reports of injuries, and it appeared that security forces were acting with restraint.
When it focuses on the workers, the movie resembles the films of John Sayles, who often juxtaposes a family drama with an expansive sociological portrait.
If they deflect, call them out on it!
Letters, photos and inscribed books from prominent civil rights figures and actors (from Mary McLeod Bethune to Lena Horne) have also surfaced in Inge Hardison’s archives.
How has it helped you?
“Once you get a low score, you want to get even lower, so it becomes addicting.” As much as he enjoyed competing against himself, Hicks said, he also enjoyed the camaraderie of baseball once he began playing, first with his neighborhood friends in the Los Altos Youth Baseball League and then on travel teams.
• Investors fled risky assets and turned to the dollar and the yen .
Ms. King initially said he had fallen from a bathroom counter into an empty tub.
Although the company, Formosa Steel, has agreed to pay $500 million in damages, many Vietnamese have criticized the government for initially remaining silent about the cause of the spill and then refusing to release full details on the likely health or environmental impacts.
It’s a pre-loaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon.
Once it’s in there, it will alert you to any discount codes as you are making a purchase, and will even test them all automatically with one click.
A subdued Mr. Trump campaigned in Virginia and Florida , as he and his supporters tried to beat back criticism of his comment that “Second Amendment people” might act against Mrs. Clinton if she wins.
Some Sanders supporters have suggested such rules are a way for party leaders to hamstring insurgents like the Vermont senator.
The Capitals were the N.H.L.’s top regular-season team, with 11 more points than the next-best team.
A fourth defendant was sent to a juvenile detention center by the court.
The humor is often crass, and the lead characters have exceedingly foul mouths, but over all the series is an amusingly caustic variation on both the teenage comedy and the bromance genre.
Then, last year, Mr. Chow and Mr. Osborne became fashion’s version of an indie band signed to a major label when they were tapped to be creative directors of DKNY, the accessible sibling line of Donna Karan International.
Stempniak and Boucher scored consecutive goals to give the Devils a 3-1 lead.
There are a few pieces that I really love.
Collins said Matz’s mechanics were unaffected.
Abandoning the duties they swore to uphold would threaten both the Constitution and our democracy itself.
Syndergaard was also lined up to pitch Oct. 5 for the wild-card game, if the Mets qualify for it, but that is also up in the air.
Two paintings depict women’s genitals.
Many of the 10 suites, spread over five floors, have original wood-beam ceilings and mosaic-tile floors.
York Theater Company at Saint Peter’s, 619 Lexington Avenue, 212-935-5824, yorktheatre.org.
It’s a pre-loaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon.
I wrote the starring roles of a glamorous squabbling pair of conjoined twins, Hester and Esther, for my roommate Ed Taussig and me.
On Wednesday, the Chinese government television news channel reported that a Tesla owner had been killed in a crash in January in which the Autopilot feature was reportedly in use.
“We need a woman to be president,” she said.
Long skinny legs, a round paunch, saggy old-lady breasts.
Is it still the same owners?
At Vassar, by contrast, 24 percent of the student body qualifies for Pell grants.
Despite a second straight loss after five consecutive victories, Detroit (9-6) still controls its postseason fate.
Republicans in Congress plan to move almost immediately next month to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as President-elect Donald J. Trump promised.
Such sanctions have never been invoked, but are well suited to cases like the presumed effort to influence the election.
The legal maneuver by Mr. Trump, the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, seems in character, as he prides himself on his ability to work the system.
If the planet formed close to the star, it could be dry and airless, but it might also have formed farther out and migrated inward to its current orbit.
For the folks in charge of developing American men’s tennis players, it can’t come soon enough.
Some of the legal and constitutional issues now in play are likely to be reviewed in Washington on Tuesday, when a subcommittee of the House Committee on Natural Resources is scheduled to hold a hearing on Puerto Rico’s financial difficulties.
The overwhelming show of help and humanity of those hours, days and weeks, was more a spontaneous demonstration.
That is lower than the government’s most recent estimate of 1.3 percent through the 12 months ending in January, implying that the Fed expects inflation to rise more slowly.
Don’t feel panic, don’t question anything.
When word gets around, the sleeper hit of the Metropolitan Opera season could be the new production of Bizet’s “Les Pêcheurs de Perles” (“The Pearl Fishers”) that opened on Thursday night, a New Year’s Eve gala event.
According to local lore, the Graces are witches.
The dust-up has caused considerable angst in the fM.R.I.
“Those same young people who are going to take over the world and make it better are the ones who are going to cook with pumpkin,” she said.
Bill said, “I’ll make your mask.” It was beautiful, in gold and silver, dangling with ribbons and sequins.
The molecule has potential applications in drug delivery, computing and high-speed transportation, Dr. Dalal said.
He could have that kind of an impact.” For now, though, the Panthers’ wide receiver corps — which lacks the kind of presence that Larry Fitzgerald provides for Arizona — is not likely to throw fear into the opposition in the playoffs.
That is because, he says, even with China’s tremendous investment binge during recent years, its savings rate is still near 50 percent — which is just too high a level for the world economy.
They have to stop the stabbings and all of the things going on.
Read more about the Orlando shooting here .
‘‘I didn’t know who the Coen Brothers were.’’ He recalled staying up ‘‘till 3 a.m. reading about the Defenestrations of Prague on Wikipedia, or spending eight hours at the Barnes & Noble, posted up in an aisle with a cup of coffee.’’ This was also a reaction to institutional failure.
The New York Film Critics Circle , now in its (gasp) 82nd year, chose the hottie-driven musical “La La Land” (it stars Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone) as 2016’s best film; Barry Jenkins, of the tender “Moonlight,” as best director; and Isabelle Huppert as best actress for her roles in both the rapey-revenge tale “Elle” and “Things to Come,” about a philosopher whose life comes undone.
Are grounded in fact and buttressed by sources.
“My only concern was that she was just 9, and I was putting the weight of the film on her shoulders, since she’s in almost every frame of the film.
Though the committee member recused himself, the local news media saw what it often sees: “The New Mexico City Airport Will Have the Stamp of Carlos Slim,” as one headline put it.
Last week, the World Bank, the I.M.F., the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and the leaders of Canada, Chile, Ethiopia, France, Germany and Mexico released a statement calling for more carbon pricing.
Do you know of any good ones in Brooklyn?
But he also did not protest too much when asked how he would reassure those who, mindful of his willingness to roll the dice in politics, might question his level of commitment to a national run.
Your commute home might not just be overcast, it could also see thunderstorms.
I told her this when we had our first phone call because she wouldn’t let me start the interview until I submitted to a minor grilling.
As the country was emerging from recession, Brookings bolstered its ties to corporate donors in 2010 by naming Marek Gootman, a lobbyist from Patton Boggs, as its first director of strategic partnerships.
“If John Hinckley is haunted by anything, I think it’s that he didn’t succeed in his mission to assassinate the president,” Ms. Davis wrote.
— Anon in Corrales, N.M., reacting to an essay by a woman whose daughter was the only girl at a space-themed camp she attended.
I really loved her stuff.
But oh, when the city falls silent, New York sings.
Economic ties are growing stronger — the United States is now the largest importer of Vietnamese goods.
Mr. Cohen was director of education and corporate development for ReServe Inc. (Retired Professionals Serving the Nonprofit Community) and a volunteer math and reading mentor at Spark Academy in Newark, an elementary school that is a part of the KIPP (Knowledge Is Power Program) network of nonprofit public charter schools.
As complicated as our monster sorority can be, there are many times when its different constituencies agree or at least understand one another.
This is, again, a long-term project.
If Clinton declares that she didn’t chop down a cherry tree, that might mean that she actually used a chain saw to cut it down.
… One thing that is very likely to happen is that the gains made in the past 40 years by black and brown Americans, and by homosexuals, will be wiped out.
All of us have anti-bucket lists of things we do not want to do before we die, and mine includes any activity requiring potentially embarrassing public participation.
We joked and told each other stories until the guards told us with sour faces to leave so they could close the university gates.
“Lemonade,” an ambitious album and film, tackled issues of race and infidelity, and its release became the kind of all-consuming cultural phenomenon that perhaps no artist but Beyoncé could muster.
Farah was to be among the first women allowed inside a stadium in Iran to watch volleyball since 2012, when a law barring women from attending soccer games was expanded to include volleyball, which was growing in popularity.
Katz JCC, 1301 Springdale Road.
The discovery of the car so close to the Seine and to popular tourist sites reinforced concern in the country about the effect of terrorism fears on tourism.
The development represented a stark turn of fate for Mr. Rechnitz, 33, who came to New York from Los Angeles to build things: condominiums, hotels and the like.
Mr. Biver is convinced the only way to thrive during a downturn is to focus on winning market share.
That is a case also made by Leszek Balcerowicz, a former Polish deputy prime minister.
Most were nervous to be caught playing musical chairs and potentially face a public humiliation.
“This was no ordinary search for a new police superintendent, because these are not ordinary times,” Lori E. Lightfoot, the president of the Chicago Police Board, said after her nine-member board approved the finalists in a unanimous vote.
No historical observer mentions seeing him use such a thing — not even a magnifying glass — but Buchinger, as a showman and magician, may have kept his methods under wraps.
It was definitely not going to be pretty; that much was clear as the Warriors coped with present-day problems in search of forever greatness.
Or there would be no trial; the woman’s own blood relatives would simply decide that she must die for committing what her family and society dictated as indecent or dishonorable behavior.
“I’ve lived in Israel for 46 years and have never seen anything this comprehensive about such a rich and difficult piece of history,” said Diane Spitz, a resident of Jerusalem.
But that did not stop orders from being placed for 100 of them in the week they debuted, according to Mr. Pfost.
It was the first major league game that Emrick attended, in general-admission seats behind home plate.
This year, Christie’s and third parties have guaranteed just 18 of 100 lots atthat house’s two headline contemporary auctions.
“One of the delights of philanthropy is that it isn’t programmed, it is scattershot, with so much room for idiosyncratic choices,” said Karl Zinsmeister, author of “The Almanac of American Philanthropy.” He cited the example of Daniel Guggenheim, who championed the rocketry pioneer Robert Goddard in the 1930s when he was widely dismissed as a crackpot.
Mr. Trump’s willingness to negotiate with a pariah state comes as he has been offering olive branches to countries such as Russia, which has had tense relations with the United States, while criticizing leaders of traditional allies such as Mexico and Britain.
In a major change, President Raúl Castro allowed Cubans to leave the country without exit visas.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 11:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sundays, 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Big things are about to happen in Cuba, a place with a complex history, but I felt a bit removed from it all until I struck out in my running shoes.
The door had been broken down and the occupants had not returned.
The bigger players, while remarkably effective and efficient, tend to slow the game down, with the Spurs averaging 93.9 possessions per 48 minutes, a mark that ranks 24th in the N.B.A.
They encouraged mostly secular passers-by to pray for the dead.
Needless to say, we clashed a lot.” For the next two years — during which time Ms. Schumer became the deputy chief of staff at the National Economic Council and Mr. Shapiro a senior policy adviser — they continued to sit next to each other in their cramped quarters on the second floor of the West Wing, much to the amusement of their colleagues.
Now really the next phase of its growth is going to be, with such a solid platform, to make sure that the level of play continues to develop.
Even better, a 2008 study found that among office workers, those who frequently fidgeted burned as many as 300 calories more each day than those who resolutely stayed still.
But for the second straight day, Spieth hinted at something that cannot be fixed by pounding balls on the driving range.
During a three-day swing this week, he drew about 200 people to almost every event.
“I am in a very high degree of miserable,” Mr. Ahmad told me, speaking in a singsong English he learned in Syria, as our shoes sank into the muck.
It’s embedded in our culture now.
She left the eastern city of Maturín three months ago when riots erupted because food had gone scarce.
It compresses a lot into the ball scene to get a lot accomplished, taking the approach of a party for Juliette to push together the plot of the first act and a half of Shakespeare.
Mr. Pardo said his inspiration for creating a start-up with a small development team occurred while at Blizzard, during the making of Hearthstone, a digital card game that was a huge hit for the studio.
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team’s performance.
With $611 billion in spending, China rekindled growth but added to its surfeit of steel mills, cement kilns and glass factories — as well as empty homes.
Their fault, I know, not mine, and symptomatic of the baggage, both physical and psychological, women are forced to carry around with them.
It seems to me that there’s a simple explanation.
Michael is by turns charming and intelligent, manipulative and vulnerable.
I am honest with them,” she said of her approach.
We decided to put hand-cut crystal stones between some of the glass tiles, so it glistens as you walk by.
Multiple users reported getting a black screen when loading the CBS Sports app on Apple TV.
“But he would never take credit for it.” Mr. Balde said he helped 43 young men become Eagle Scouts, the highest rank a Boy Scout can achieve.
“During the Cultural Revolution, we didn’t have many opportunities to play Western music,” Mr. Yu, now conductor of a number of ensembles including the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, said in a telephone interview.
It’s called Tranquil Sleep and it knocks them right out.
Mr. Trump was on Fox News far more often than any of his Republican rivals.
Weiner does a superb job of inventing the Bigfoots’ charming culture, which is largely based on distorted human manners and customs.
As the team gets ready to move on, Dr. Duennes takes a few plastic tubes from Dr. Woodard’s brother, whose reputation as a bee hunter grows with each day’s successes.
His second bull lacked strength, and despite the engineering of some breathtaking passes, he missed and struggled with his sword, killing poorly.
“In Embryo,” directorial debut of the Danish Hollywood actor Ulrich Thomsen (“The Celebration, ” from 1998), will have its world premiere at the festival.
That high level of optimism can also be seen in how much profit growth analysts are expecting.
When Murphy’s narration begins the episode with “Look up magical realism in the dictionary …,” the series comes full circle, but it’s never been good with abstraction — those moments when, as Murphy puts it, “the bizarre shakes hands with the inexplicable.” The final hour gets off to a rough start with a dream sequence in which Escobar imagines his ascension to the Colombian presidency, with a glad-handing Gaviria passing him the torch (and sharing a blunt) and his family welcoming him with a chorus of “Happy Birthday to You.” The fantasy is too on the nose, ending crudely with Escobar living like a sad bachelor, accepting a garbled “Happy Birthday” through ham radio static.
So back away from the Spanx catalog, and pick up something from La Perla.
Federal officials say there are more than 300 pregnant women possibly infected with Zika around the country.
I am in my late 20s.
Mr. Padilla asserted that there was no evidence for the president-elect’s claim, and he denounced Mr. Trump for what he said was unpresidential behavior.
“The combination of our two companies is the best fit for meeting our region’s energy needs,” Terry Bassham, the Great Plains Energy chairman and chief executive, said in a news release .
But I feel that at this point in our country’s history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say: The Supreme Court should represent all of us.
— Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) 15 Jan 16 Debate’s over.Cruz, Trump, Rubio were really the only ones who mattered.
“He has always been immensely popular with children, but the harder edge to his worldview rubbed some people the wrong way when he first came on the scene in the ’60s and ’70s — they thought of his works as too violent, or presenting adults in too critical a light, and there was some concern that there was an antiauthority strain to his work,” said Mark I.
We are here to comfort each other and to honor the sacrifices these family members made.
and Denver and New England in the A.F.C.
They are unfairly called the Panama Papers because this particular trove of documents came from a single law firm based in Panama.
Mr. Ban also said he had been personally offended by protests directed at him and the United Nations in Morocco last Sunday over his perceived bias on the Western Sahara dispute.
Liquid waves roll under the rigid city: The church bells ring out of time, terra cotta tiles rain down from the Renaissance rooftops, priceless paintings rattle off the walls of the Uffizi.
Now, the once largely paved-over 51-mile L.A. River , like the BeltLine, has taken on this mantle of the future again.
On the other hand, no one person could be responsible for what he sometimes feels like he is.” Though he’s never visited a war zone himself, a sense of unfinished business dogs Mr. O’Brien, 41, as well.
After World War II, he was installed as the government’s head banquet chef.
ELIZABETH The Forgotten Years By John Guy Illustrated.
Now, to be fair, Mr. Ryan claimed to be describing the future — what will happen if Hillary Clinton wins — rather than the present.
At the same time, people who had lost jobs and income because of the recession were in no position to buy.
Most are white; there is currently only one black man, and there are no Latino men.
Soon, videos of the performances spread online, first among Syrians, then more widely, a different kind of dispatch from a war so brutal that it had already left much of the world numb.
Mr. Gilman and Mr. McNenney were later convicted of one count of fraud while being acquitted of a number of other charges.
That sounds right: Millennials do want to shape their world.
(A crisis strategist once told me he spent hours discussing tie color with a client who was a head of state when they could have been talking about the peace accords.)
No other candidate topped 100 delegates.
On Tuesday, however, reporters played a sharply different role, repeatedly pressing him for answers.
Choe Sang-Hun , who is The Times’s Seoul bureau chief, was in a coffee shop restroom when his phone rang.
Among white male high school graduates, support for the Democrats fell off a cliff, careening 20 points downward from 57 percent to 37 percent.
You put a dummy out there, and if he’s in your path and on the grass, you’ve got to throw it and hit him.
In a statement posted on CNN’s website, Andrew Arulanandam, an N.R.A.
Epstein had become the general manager of the Boston Red Sox just a few months after the team drafted Lester in 2002, and Epstein knew that Lester had been pitching in the club’s low minor leagues during Boston’s curse-busting season of 2004.
GREENWICH “Topographies + Origins: A Group Exhibition of Painting, Monotype and Digital Fusion,” Eric Jiaju Lee, Leslie B. Weissman and Rosalind Schneider.
(The driver of the bus had been bribed and gave Jimmy a few minutes to make his pitch.)
5 — the album’s lowest position in its 26 weeks on the chart — and last week’s top seller , Kings of Leon’s “WALLS” (RCA), falls all the way to No.
The granting of the licenses is likely to draw protests from some members of Congress, who have noted that Iranian commercial aircraft have been used to transport troops and weapons into Syria.
“He’d walk back into the locker room like he just ran 30 miles,” receiver Jordan Norwood said of Taylor.
Mr. Evans can’t upend anymore.
They can have a lot more data piped up to the plane.” The onboard retail market is growing at a 13 percent rate, year over year, according to Craig Proud, senior vice president for platform at GuestLogix.
Both parties are now racing to gauge the impact further down the ballot of a candidacy that could shatter traditional lines of combat in national politics.
The announcement by Tarpley, who was undrafted but signed by the Bills after four years at Stanford, comes a year after another linebacker, Chris Borland , left the San Francisco 49ers after one season.
“Yes,” he replied at once, “I would.” In our six years together as a couple, we had never been to a gay bar.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Lambert Castle, 3 Valley Road.
“And I hope everybody else’s in that diocese is zero.” Cardinal Mahony demanded an apology and a retraction of her call for disobedience.
His habits, long established, changed.
At 7:30 p.m., Le Poisson Rouge, 158 Bleecker Street, Greenwich Village, 212-505-3474, lepoissonrouge.com.
Literally, as David Babusiak of St. John, Ind., can attest.
Chicago State University, the predominantly African-American school that has made national headlines lately for its rapid dismantling , laid off 300 employees this spring.
But just because you have the space doesn’t mean your rooftop also has the muscle to support a steamy addition.
Consider the fastidious opossum, which, because it grooms obsessively and is expert at removing ticks, functions as a tick death trap.
“As a result, fashion brands hire architects to create novel, eye-popping boutiques that will lure shoppers.” The best neighborhood for this type of “architectural shopping,” as I like to call it, is Omotesando, a leafy zone west of the city center, just outside the blurred neon craziness of Shibuya.
How is it that he’s in such a close race with Hillary Clinton?
Finally, development policies should support the use of the streetcar.
“It was a topic you couldn’t bring up with them,” Mr. Douglas-Hamilton said.
He resurrected his career after battling revelations that he let a construction company’s lobbyist pay child support for his daughter from an extramarital affair.
“Nobody said it would be easy for us,” he said.
“We just can’t keep that thing in stock.” Ms. Wilson — who plays Marnie’s mother on “Girls,” has been Alicia’s nemesis on “The Good Wife” and is Mrs. Tom Hanks in real life — has a big, husky laugh.
Instead, he faded into near anonymity.
“These proposals are intended to reduce the risk of this happening again.” Ring-fencing rules would apply to banks and building societies with more than £25 billion in deposits.
Bush beat Michael Dukakis in 1988 with vicious ads.
So the Live Nation concerts are on Yahoo Music and “Community” on Yahoo TV, albeit buried deep within menus on the mobile version of Yahoo.
At points the audience chanted, “Bernie!
They are also trying to stave off insurrections against him and the party’s staunchly conservative platform.
Food is presented in the kind of exquisite, idiosyncratic ceramic plates I’m used to seeing at hushed Japanese restaurants.
There are plenty of laughs but no overarching theme or point.
Closing neighborhood schools and churches despite vast wealth, and halfhearted efforts to punish priests for sexual abuse — not to mention changing the rules to accommodate disaffected Catholics — do little to advance the cause of the church in an increasingly sophisticated world.
For Mr. Puzder, being pro-business seems to mean being anti-worker.
“I would always view the dollars that I get to be legitimate dollars,” Fisher said.
The boys jumped; the dogs howled, and soon a wailing police car whizzed by.
Two new polls on the Republican side added still more intrigue this morning, showing Mr. Trump ahead by just 1 percentage point over Mr. Cruz, with Mr. Rubio faring better than he had in any recent polling.
I’ll point out that 97-month auto loans are now available.
But you can still expect a tornado and the melting of the witch.
The main reason you are thanking these folks is for sharing your milestone day.
“Let me be very clear: Donald Trump has been attacking the president long before he began campaigning for this important office,” Ms. Rye said.
In true Shakespearean form, amid the tragedy there is lowbrow comic relief.
At 51 Jay Street in Dumbo, the architecture firm ODA and the developers Slate Property Group and Adam America Real Estate are behind a 74-unit condominium conversion that blends upscale finishes with an industrial aesthetic.
Now we know better, the result of decades of scientific research about brain development, poverty and the long-term effects of high-quality preschool programs.
An image of underwater life was next.
(APPLAUSE) Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.
[ New York Times ] • Here’s a brief roundup of corruption scandals in New York.
That would be leading both Trump and Cruz.
In this rough topography of fat atop the pizza, the grease pools in the low ground.
Panelli and the city, which now has about 120,000 residents, grew up together.
There’s also a deep diffidence about pointing out uncomfortable truths.
Mr. Foval, a seasoned field operative who has worked with People for the American Way and Americans United for Change, and others in the videos claimed credit for orchestrating some high-profile incidents, including when protesters heckled Gov.
I learnt something about the power of stories, and how through them we can travel through time and share, at least in our imaginations, former aspects of ourselves.
In 1956, he established his own label, Neginah, to record his first album of Modzitz melodies.
“Unless something radical takes place, it’s going to be a blood bath this summer,” he said.
This one, a Brazilian playing for Italy, zipped past three defenders with pace and ball control, cut in from the left, and scored with a precise, low shot from just inside the penalty area for the decider in a 1-0 victory.
King Salman collapsed the crown prince’s court into his own, giving Prince bin Salman control over access to the king.
There’s going to be no double standards.
Rather, he said, when faced with an unjust fine or restriction, he simply fought back.
Johnson, clutching a pair of scissors, asked his teammates if he could cut the net first.
You might use their responses as models for your own.
Rhoda Blumberg , who was barely interested in reading until she was 10, began writing historical books for children when she was in her mid-50s, and produced more than two dozen over three decades, died on June 6 at her home in Yorktown Heights, N.Y. She was 98.
Visitors can climb into Ricardo Basbaum’s steel cages or take in a floor-to-ceiling, multiscreen display of international artists and their work spaces.
I pushed back at various political strategists: Surely the veep pick is a consequential moment?
It is a technicality because the bank knew its mortgages did not meet the terms of the contracts but never alerted Fannie and Freddie that it was selling them bad loans that would cause significant losses.
Circulation for physical newspapers is declining, and so is print advertising; digital ads remain far less profitable.
But Diagonal’s sounds aren’t so much unlistenable as they are angular, jutting with uneven drums, the experimental ethos of anti-movements like No Wave, industrial rhythms and a steadily beating techno heart.
The Australian National Dictionary, a standard guide to the Australian vernacular, added 6,000 words and phrases on Tuesday, its first update since 1988.
Collins wanted to limit the workloads of Addison Reed and Jeurys Familia, so he turned to reliever Sean Gilmartin in the eighth.
It was 4 p.m., and they were about an hour north of Halifax — plenty of time to make the 7 p.m. tipoff.
As shares soared, they curtailed the ability to purchase shares on margin, causing prices to plummet.
The problems with the health law have been apparent for some time.
“It’s ridiculous.” Greg Lorch, 65, a general contractor who had never been to a caucus, said he was drawn to Mr. Cruz’s principles.
The current police chief, Steve Anderson, said he was “neutral” on the bill.
I am following none of my own advice.
As one of our greatest leaders, Chief Sitting Bull of the Hunkpapa Lakota, once said: “Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.” That appeal is as relevant today as it was more than a century ago.
But many men have played in both, most recently Murray last year.
I had different layers of technical clothing, some very thin, and on top of that I had more solid body covering and on top of that, my concert jacket.
They can’t even agree on when they held their last negotiation: to Comcast, it was two weeks ago; to YES, it was in November.
Times Insider delivers behind-the-scenes insights from The New York Times.
One model for what the report suggests is in neighboring Guatemala, where independent prosecutors uncovered a customs fraud scheme that brought down the president last year.
Josh Hart and Kris Jenkins are talented wing players.
“It changes everything when you get married and start a family,” said Icher, who married Fred Bonnargent in 2006.
“And I,” Mr. Cruz said, “love the great state of Iowa.” DES MOINES — One of the biggest surprises of the night in Iowa was the large turnout on the Republican side, which many pundits had predicted would benefit Donald J. Trump.
The Public Art Fund , which in recent years has looked far outside its New York City base for artists and projects, announced Tuesday that it had enlisted Adrian Cheng , a prominent Chinese collector and the scion of a multibillion-dollar retailing empire, to join its board.
Broadcast journalism reform in Israel remains well behind print.
And as Mexico sharply increased its pace of detentions and deportations, there was no commensurate increase in budget for processing asylum applications.
His father (played by the singer Seu Jorge), a soccer phenom himself and later a janitor, schools him in “the beautiful game,” at one point using mangoes in lieu of balls.
The European Union, which Poland joined in 2004, requires that member states respect the rule of law; a country that is found to systematically violate the rule of law can be stripped of voting rights, something that has never happened in the bloc’s history.
(Johnson) MUSEUM OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK: ‘ACTIVIST NEW YORK’ (continuing) With a focus on activist tactics from the 17th century to the present, this exhibition — designed by the firm Pentagram — is a room-size onslaught of sensory stimulation, complete with videos, graphics and text.
Greg Allen, a winemaker at Far Niente who is a mechanical engineer by training, said the company was interested in solar power and wanted to eliminate 100 percent of their energy costs.
• Lorelai’s inappropriate eulogy for her father struck me as strange and totally out of character, especially because the most fruitful conflicts between Emily and Lorelai — dramatically fruitful but also significant in their relationship — come when they see the same thing in different ways.
In 2006, the National broke the mold by single-handedly transferring “ The History Boys ” to the West End for four months.
Officials have not yet announced a trial date.
The style was invented in the late 19th century in Chambéry, in southeastern France, though there are competing claims as to which producer made it first.
Even under the best of circumstances, pain is notoriously difficult to gauge; reliable methods for measuring nerve responses of pain were, and remain, imprecise.
The tape was made in 2005, when Mr. Trump was 59 and newly married to his third wife, Melania.
‘‘In hip-hop you sample, while in jazz you take Broadway tunes and turn them into something different.
The Giants already brought in Janoris Jenkins to help with the team’s secondary, and with the selection of Apple the team is indicating that they truly want to solidify that unit.
It was no different on this week’s episode, “More Than Kin,” but somehow it managed to hold.
The most detailed policy proposal the Trump campaign issued was on tax policy.
After all, this is a two-horse race in which one of the candidates — Mr. Sanders — draws much of his enthusiastic support from younger and tech-savvy folks.
What would you like to see here?
On Wednesday, the Fed left interest rates unchanged but strongly signaled it could raise them by the end of the year, citing a recent pickup in economic growth and continued progress in the labor market.
At 11 a.m., inside the park at 72nd Street and Fifth Avenue, rain or shine, hcastorycenter.org.
He’s afraid he’ll be killed by one of the barrel bombs that are dropped almost daily by government helicopters.
Here and there, families sat on plastic sheets.
But he also said rejections were rare because Viniv wines are not commercially sold; they are savored by their creators.
The top two issues among Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire are income inequality and the economy, with each being selected by about one-third of Democrats.
Those fees add up, haunting borrowers and cannibalizing already low bank balances.
When upward of 95 percent of the eligible population is participating in the electoral process, government becomes more responsive to the citizenry and less reactive to special interests.
All four productions, generally in traditional dress and featuring handsome minimalist sets, are directed by Gregory Doran.
Mr. Trump, who is skeptical of TV ads and short on campaign cash, has not bought any general election ads in the state.
The total cost of Mr. Kashkari’s plan would equal 41 percent of gross domestic product — though much lower than the economic costs of a financial crisis.
You want to be a demanding, inappropriate narcissist forever?
He was in his mid-20s.
But we’ve seen the videos.
Without even waiting for legislation, the Trump administration is almost certain to give states more leeway to run their Medicaid programs as they wish, federal and state officials say.
“He remembered me as a little boy,” she said.
Conversely, the candidates who are currently showing life — Christie as well as two first-term United States senators, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz — have implicitly renounced the low trade of governing, focusing less on what they have done than on what they have prevented from being done.
So what if the Spurs had played claustrophobic defense on Curry, switching on nearly every screen and barely allowing him slivers of daylight?
The Nasdaq composite gave up 12.22 points, or 0.3 percent, to 4,662.16.
But some Emiratis immediately took to social media to pitch themselves for the jobs.
But he couldn’t figure out how to make the numbers add up.
Instead, we need to close a major tax loophole that actually creates an incentive for multinationals to shift jobs offshore, even as it substantially lowers taxes for them.
They were soldiers and sailors who, in the first years after World War II, took part in atmospheric nuclear tests conducted in the Pacific and in Nevada.
His father, a retired hydrogeologist, worked in Santa Barbara for URS Corporation, which was an engineering, design and construction firm in San Francisco.
Nathan Eovaldi, the starter, gave up two leads and six runs, and Dellin Betances gave up a two-run home run to Christian Vazquez in the seventh as Boston won, 8-7 , to complete a three-game sweep.
Ms. Drinkwater sits next to Rodney Harrison, a former football player and NBC football analyst.
He introduced himself suddenly and with a bang, in 1959, when his first produced play, “The Zoo Story,” opened in Berlin on a double bill with Samuel Beckett’s “Krapp’s Last Tape.” A two-handed one-act that unfolds in real time, “The Zoo Story” zeroed in on the existential terror at the heart of Eisenhower-era complacency, presenting the increasingly menacing intrusion of a probing, querying stranger on a man reading on a Central Park bench.
The tension between currency policy and trade policy is just one example.
(You can imagine the show’s writers dividing up the star turns very carefully.)
(Ben Brantley) ★ ‘The Color Purple’ A makeover made in heaven.
So it’s critical that people get the story right.
Leaders like Ms. Merkel have long argued that migration demands a Europe-wide solution and is too big for any single country to adequately address.
“In high school, it was Yao Ming.
Pending sales are a barometer of future purchases, and a lag of a month or two usually occurs between a contract and a completed sale.
It's beautifully illustrated and depicts all kinds of different people all over the world, with different religions, diets, face shapes, houses, clothing, etc.
M. Morgenthau misstates the job that Mr. Morgenthau held when he indicted more than 100 Mafia figures.
“It started to weigh on me that I was responsible for the moves that had made me successful, but I wasn’t reaping the lion’s share of the profits, and that was problematic for me.
And yet they are seeing almost all new income and all new wealth going to the top 1 percent.
Conversely, those selecting this quality make up less than a tenth of the support for Senator Ted Cruz of Texas or Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.
Mr. Gurley’s girlfriend, Melissa Butler, tried to revive him as a 911 operator coached her in CPR, but neither Mr. Liang nor Mr. Landau performed CPR, as required under Police Department rules.
The initiative is expected to significantly expand the number of blood tests being conducted in New York for the virus, raising issues about capacity as New York City’s lab hurries to develop the capability to perform the tests.
“My home is a place of comfort and peace.”
But during his past four starts, including Sunday’s game, Cessa has also given up eight homers.
“They invest more in their remaining connections,” said Gary Kennedy, director of geriatric psychiatry at Montefiore Medical Center.
“Not to be ideological or Pollyannaish, but you have to believe this work makes a difference,” she said.
The interview is scheduled for broadcast on June 24.
• Wyatt is the “head of the snake” on Armistice’s body, suggesting that Wyatt’s origins run much deeper than a mere back story added to Teddy’s construct to keep him busy.
Mr. Basuki has repeatedly apologized to Muslims who were offended by his remark, but he has rejected calls to withdraw from the election for governor in February, which he is heavily favored to win.
George Rutler, a priest in Manhattan, wrote a response in the Catholic magazine Crisis.
That is another right I’m not willing to forfeit.
I think the main reason Hillary’s tweet did so well is because “delete your account” has a very specific, nuanced and difficult-to-explain meaning on Twitter — and the fact that Hillary seemed to know that it carried special meaning gave her some cred with Twitter’s leading lights (of which I am a member).
The 168 committee members representing state delegations would have to hold a vote and, as Mr. Trump did at the convention in Cleveland, the new nominee would need to win at least 1,237 delegates to become the party’s standard-bearer.
Those numbers cause people like Joe Marchese, the executive leading the Fox Networks Group’s effort to develop new approaches to advertising (such as offering audiences an option to view one interactive ad at the start of a show in exchange for no more advertising interruptions thereafter), to declare, as he did to me last week, “The social contract is broken with the consumer — they don’t want to watch the ads.” And it explains the sense of urgency I found on the 51st floor of 30 Rockefeller Plaza on Thursday morning, where NBCUniversal’s chairwoman of advertising sales, Linda Yaccarino, was overseeing the final touches on NBCUniversal’s upfront presentation.
Somber, compact and intricately detailed, it is part of a series called “The Small Passion.” Roll forward five centuries to the newest work among the 30 pieces selected by Karen T. Albert, the exhibition’s curator, from the more than 2,200 prints owned by Hofstra, and you encounter “Clearing 12,” a colorful 2007 etching and photo-polymer intaglio, using pigment on fiber, by David Shapiro.
But thousands still remain in place across the island, including a seated bronze at the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in central Taipei.
Justin Bieber’s “Purpose” was in third place with 1.27 million, followed by Ed Sheeran’s “X,” another holdover from 2014, which sold 1.16 million.
But almost all of the characters here are aggressively selfish, prejudiced and mean.
We didn’t have to think.
Or weird random stuff, like tribbles or Joan Collins -related time travel.
Back at the site of the Noma pop-up, overlooking Darling Harbour, Mr. Redzepi talked about how foraging is “intricately a part of what we do.” “To me it’s a skill set that’s as important as learning to braise,” he said.
“I think I have to learn to deal with more and compete.
“I hit a good putt.
A debate on Thursday, ahead of the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, is expected to be sanctioned and sponsored by MSNBC, and the campaigns have been in talks about holding additional debates in March, April and May.
He was jumping onto the athleisure bandwagon .
The department is negotiating with the Cubans over compensation for confiscated properties, but the cases of people who were not American citizens at the time of the confiscations were not included in those talks.
— LGBTQ would have been great and maybe even possible, but it was quickly evident that finishing the grid would have been murder, so I dropped it.
“We were talking about that during a pitching change — we’ve just got to keep getting on base, and good things are going to happen,” Ellsbury said.
As a result, imports have ground to a halt, creating shortages of goods from fancy cars to sugar .
Brett Hudson, 26, a teacher at a charter school in Jackson, Mich., said his iPhone 6 Plus had become essential to his daily commute in his 2002 Chevrolet TrailBlazer.
You killed my brother in front me!
I want to tell these young women to embrace their anger, sharpen themselves against it.
basketball tournaments: One slogan fits all.
Armed with perhaps sharper pencils and a more jaundiced eye than the typical 17-year-old, they noticed two questions that some thought could throw off the performance of girls.
As a graduate student, Salamon studied the philosophy of science, and her lectures often seemed to take the wry view of humans as only marginally more evolved chimps.
POLITICAL RESONANCES “Though it was not intended as such,” Anthony Tommasini wrote in his review of the 2000 premiere in The New York Times, “‘L’Amour de Loin’ provides a jolt of sanity amid the political conflicts that of late have been rattling the world, Austria in particular, over issues of nationality, immigration, the sanctity of borders and the cultural gulf between the West and the East.” And in an interview with The Times in 2002, Ms. Saariaho said: “In the midst of composing it, I understood that it was also my story.
But no fallen food escaped contamination completely.
Ms. Zuckerman-Parker was furiously trying to organize voters around the states to file petitions demanding a recount this week.
For several years Mr. Kantner and Ms. Slick were a couple.
Duncan ranks fifth in career blocked shots (3,020), sixth in rebounds (15,091), seventh in games played (1,392) and 14th in points (26,496).
With no financial support while serving a six-month suspension, Mr. Delpopolo contemplated quitting.
But I do think that this meeting sends the wrong signal, and I don’t think it sends the right signal.
It must be getting mighty crowded back there, behind the scenes.” Mr. Trillin respects those who spoke out early, but his book is melancholy on the topic of what happened to many of them.
So I don’t think we should get too engaged in discussions, and that’s particularly true if it’s of a very partisan nature.
After making clear that any associations to Palmer, Nicklaus and Player were premature, McIlroy allowed that if any comparisons were to be made, “Jordan’s sort of like Jack, methodical and sort of does everything that way.” He added that he would be Player “because I’m the smallest.” That would leave Day as the go-for-broke Palmer, and on the Blue Monster the comparison is apt.
“You get somebody like Trump that says I’ll make America great again – it sounds like a fairy tale.
We don’t make good deals anymore, we don’t win anymore.
This week he landed himself in the national spotlight after leaving a profane and threatening voice mail for a Democratic lawmaker and by committing to sweeping generalizations about race and the state’s heroin crisis.
The recently purchased sponsor apartment, No.
Others hoping to catch Mr. Trump’s ear have taken their message to a place they know he is likely to absorb it: cable news.
The ball was like a soccer ball.
But drug dealers have been lacing heroin with fentanyl for years, just to fill out the packets and save on the heroin — with or without the user’s knowledge.
“We would come home sometimes, and those babysitters would look at us like, ‘God, you guys party harder than people our age.’” As Mr. McBride said he told his sitter: “We’ve only got you for four hours.
Her only hope is the blood marrow of an undercover cop (Wu Jing), who, betrayed, is confined in the prison.
But its services are not free, and it doesn’t maintain a public database that is as near-fanatical in detail as The Green Papers.
There will always be people filled with uncontrolled rage, people who want to inflict as much devastation as they can — whether in the name of a radical Islamist ideology or simple hatred of specific groups.
“The core of the struggle is: Who is the dedicated elite, who are the legitimate heirs to the Zionist movement that built the state?” Yossi Klein Halevi, a senior fellow at the Shalom Hartman Institute, said the culture wars reflected “a growing sense of siege” that Israelis felt from the region and the world.
He graduated from the University of Richmond.
Forbes lists David and Charles Koch with just under $40 billion each, while Bloomberg lists them as the fifth and sixth richest men in the world with $55 billion each.
(A New York Times examination of traffic stops and arrests in Greensboro, N.C., in 2013, for example, showed officers pulled over African-American drivers at a rate far out of proportion with their share of the local driving population.)
And if you want to get technical, people had been able to buy “timesharing” on old mainframes as far back as the 1960s.
I will build a wall.
The article also referred incorrectly to the length of Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor.
That is the right approach.
Tech writers are often abuzz when a new gadget is announced, and are eager to get their hands on it: There’s a certain cachet in being able to say you were one of the first to try out the Next Big Thing.
It’s hard not to be elegiac when faced with the raw facts of biodiversity decline in Europe over the last few decades.
But at 550 Vanderbilt, a four-bedroom penthouse is listed for $6.86 million, according to StreetEasy.com .
Business leaders described the atmosphere as a fundamental threat to the tourist-based economy.
“We’ve got to do several things at once.” The cooperative stance taken between regulators and carmakers is also extending to other areas involving vehicle safety.
When you have things sorted, open the Dropbox app on the ultrabook by clicking the Dropbox icon in the Windows system tray, or via the menu bar on a Mac or Linux computer.
Mr. Rios was a devout Baptist like his mother, who said they would pray and read the Bible together.
insiders after the deal closes.” Williams’s board continues to recommend that its stockholders approve the deal with Energy Transfer.
So investigators tried something new.
Just don’t know about his look on the sidelines.
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
If we can make a good deal on the salary, she’s gonna probably have a job, okay?
In the last two decades, Todos Santos has experienced a miniboom in real estate development, mainly driven by expatriates building homes on sandy tracts near the beach or restoring colonial buildings in town.
Alexander Skarsgard portrays Justine’s bewildered husband; Mr. Skarsgard’s father, Stellan Skarsgard, is her obnoxious boss; and Charlotte Rampling and John Hurt are her bitterly divorced parents.
Damon Webb got it started with a 36-yard interception return for a touchdown on Nebraska’s first drive of the game.
Mr. Elliott called “The Whirligig” “deeply personal” and said “it’s one of the most glorious plays I’ve read in recent memory.” So far, the cast includes Zosia Mamet (“Girls”) and Maura Tierney (“The Affair”).
Steven C. Kemp’s deceptively simple set — with its single metal chair and back wall of oversize light bulbs — suggests a police interrogation room as it might appear in nightmares.
The bigger a telescope mirror is, the more light it can capture and the fainter and farther it can see — out in space, back in time.
Law enforcement officials said here Tuesday that they were investigating a plot by four people to shoot at police officers, and they cited the threat to explain the heavy police presence at protests within the last week.
Penderecki String Quartet performs Haydn, Mendelssohn and Bruckner.
They got to take a picture with a cardboard cutout of Donald Trump.” Mr. Trump, who let Mr. Rubio get the better of him during the exchange, seemed at a loss.
“I don’t know how I know.” Five years ago, she and Pelaccio set up camp on land they had bought in the Hudson Valley.
Because he failed to secure 50 percent of the vote, the state’s 155 delegates will be divided proportionally.
On Tuesday, he was examined by Dr. William Meyers, a Philadelphia sports hernia specialist who performed the operation on Wednesday.
The two events were on Saturday, April 23 — not on Sunday, April 24.
Such is the case with Tahmid Khan and Hasnat Karim, who survived a terrorist attack at a restaurant in Dhaka on July 1 and then disappeared after being detained by authorities.
Davis also offers courses in winemaking and beer brewing .
Ms. Carlson’s lawsuit, filed in early July, prompted two dozen women to come forward with accounts of Mr. Ailes’s predatory behavior and the Playboy Mansion culture he fostered at Fox.
On Gab, the topic is always trending.
A year of estate-settling left me a small inheritance, and it was important to me to do something meaningful with the money.
And yet she was wrestled to the ground, handcuffed and put in a police car.
“Every plant is different, so prune accordingly,” he said.
Jeb Bush of Florida and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky were tied at 4 percent.
That scotches the Pfizer and Allergan deal because Allergan, when it was still known as Actavis, an American company, inverted to Ireland in 2013.
Can anyone truly believe that an additional three billion people will have any less of a harmful effect on all species?
I was born in Cleveland, my father was born in Cleveland, my children were born in Cleveland, and we’ve all seen many, many losing teams — 52 years’ worth, if you’re counting.
The public protested (a petition on change.org received more than 70,000 signatures), and Mr. Khan made it part of his election campaign.
So far this year, Warner, with 18 percent market share , is running second to Walt Disney Studios, which has about 24 percent of the market, according to the database Box Office Mojo.
Only the first half was presented on Tuesday, and it ended on a truly shocking note of suspense.
Benjamin Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser, said that administration officials became aware Monday night that the government was preventing some activists from attending and that American officials had objected.
And then, according to Isabel, soon after settling in, it rained for a full 12 months.
This is in response partly to the accumulation of savings in China and other developing economies, which have been buying Treasury bonds hand over fist.
We’re organizing, sorting and throwing things out from one end of the house to the other.
The website, however, noted on Wednesday that heavy traffic might cause problems with the receipt or entry of text codes and advised users, “Please check back in a few days.” The mySocialSecurity website, introduced in 2012, allows people who receive Social Security benefits to obtain verification letters, order replacement Social Security or Medicare cards and set up or change direct deposit of payments.
Yet those count for nothing extra because points — not goals — determine league standings, and both Atlético and Real Madrid also won their games Saturday to keep the Liga race tight, though in Atlético’s case it was a trademark 1-0 victory.
10 Photos View Slide Show › Over the past two years, the team has uncovered and analyzed the foundation of what was once a small conservatory.
He was soon installed as the company’s managing director.
■ Arson on a bus in Changsha, the capital of Hunan Province.
I’m unable to think of a more suitable adjective to describe the sensibility that would invest, as Forbes did, in Eugene Kupjack’s exquisite miniature of Thomas Jefferson’s bedroom at Monticello (scale: one inch to one foot).
Conversations between friends often begin with comparisons of recent experiences of traffic jams.
Bernie Sanders addressed a crowd in Vermont after he won the Democratic presidential primary there on Super Tuesday.
Then, sometimes, I think: What if I’m actually secretly comfortable here?
Coupled with relatively low labor costs, their infrastructure has allowed them to lower the price of their wine to half that of France’s.
‘‘One thing that primates tend to do is to make up stories for why something we believe must be true,’’ Salamon told me.
In the 1960s, as a student first at Columbia and then at Sarah Lawrence, Mr. De Palma was drawn not to violence or suspense but to mischievous, countercultural comedy.
191 would shift to a newly constructed building just over a block away from its current home, which the department hopes will give the school a fresh start.
He wears a Cartier watch, two minutes slow.
“I think when he calls me brilliant, I’ll take the compliment, O.K.
(His villainous character, Kilgrave, possesses powers of mind control and is obsessed with the heroine.)
What’s most striking about the Podesta cache is how central email has been to the campaign’s operations.
“Don’t call us, we’ll call you.” Snickers about a football-related brain injury.
light heavyweight titles from Kovalev.
He applied for admission to the bar in 2012, but was rebuffed by the bar’s Committee on Character and Fitness because of his immigration status.
1 album in six successive decades.)
But there was always deep skepticism about whether Ukraine was capable of such a transformation, and many of those figures have since become disillusioned and resigned.
When I was there filming, Lesbos had about 40 local coast guard officers, who before the refugee crisis generally spent their time conducting routine border patrols.
“She insisted on sitting on my lap,” he explained, “because she got the shy gene, obviously.” Generations of apples, so close to the tree.
In Hartford, Conn., where the median income is about $29,000, an affordable purchase price is about $8,000 — about a quarter of the average new-car price.
He suggested that Anthony issue an apology, and Anthony complied, but he made it clear that the apology was Dolan’s idea , not his.
Mr. Kasich would, most crucially, stand down in Indiana’s primary on May 3 to give Mr. Cruz a better chance to defeat Mr. Trump there, while Mr. Cruz would leave Oregon and New Mexico to Mr. Kasich.
These new efforts include using Facebook videos, Instagram ads and other social media that have been designed to convince young men and women that joining the militants’ fight means breaking their mothers’ hearts, tearing apart their families and leaving their loved ones to lives of emptiness.
Last spring, Cerberus bought out investors like the California State Teachers’ Retirement System but maintains an ownership stake in the company.
Somewhat surprisingly, Mr. Ferguson’s two previous documentaries — “No End in Sight,” about the American occupation of Iraq, and “Inside Job,” about the global financial crisis of 2007-8 — were grimmer than “Time to Choose,” which spends roughly half its time examining the rapid growth of clean-energy technology.
More than 350,000 people have signed a petition for the recall of a California judge who sentenced this Stanford University student, Brock Turner, to only six months in jail after he was convicted of sexual assault.
Vibrant color has returned to that coral, and the reef there is in good condition, he added.
It was to disparage Meaghan.” They took the findings to the district attorney’s office in Manhattan a year ago but did not expect anyone to be charged under the current laws.
“As Democrats, we believe opportunity is the linchpin to wide prosperity in America,” said Representative Xavier Becerra of California, who is organizing the retreat as chairman of the Democratic Conference.
Perhaps the biggest question about Tepperman’s thesis is one he addresses but doesn’t fully answer: whether many of these programs are readily transferable to other places, or are unique to the political culture whence they sprang.
Nearly every Christian left home and joined Iraq’s growing population of the displaced.
While Afghan officials all agreed that the American military conducted drone strikes in the Aaq-Masjid area of Chardara District, a remote area dominated by Taliban insurgents, they gave widely divergent accounts of what happened.
In Macedonia, officials say if Greece does not adequately distinguish refugees from migrants who have no claim to asylum, many could get stuck in Macedonia if Serbia, its northern neighbor, rejects them.
These are the places, faces and culinary selections of 2016’s first proper bus tour.
Only two of the five remaining presidential candidates will be in New York on Tuesday as voters head to the polls for the primary election.
The length of both bans was later reduced by a FIFA appeals panel.
But the earlier Brazilian star Júnior Baiano was already 31 when he went to Shanghai in 2001, and of the 134 reported moves of Brazilians to China from 2003 to 2010, almost all were players from minor clubs.
However, the only way to make most farms viable, he said, was to introduce more technology, including transgenic corn — a highly sensitive issue in Mexico, where planting genetically modified corn is banned.
President Obama took sharp swipes at Mr. Trump on Sunday during his commencement address at Rutgers University.
Several Republicans who have had dealings with him tell me that they can’t really determine which of his most outrageous, deplorable statements are instances of a mask falling away and which are instances of a mask being put on, because with Trump it’s all about the situation and the audience, and if the audience signals an inclination to embrace him, he recites the lines that guarantee the hug.
Dozier, the slugging second baseman for the Minnesota Twins, played four seasons at the University of Southern Mississippi and hit only 16 home runs.
Often it seems to have been composed on autofill.
“If people try to avoid their restitution obligations, we will investigate,” Thomas Spina, the assistant United States attorney supervising the civil case, said in an interview this week.
But those areas are heavily damaged, and officials have told families to move into any available abandoned apartments.
And other, more recent studies found that lower-income, less educated and sicker people reported worse experiences in Medicare Advantage than in traditional Medicare.
“Jupiter is enriched with these elements compared to the sun,” Dr. Bolton said.
A candidate may also request a recount when the margin is larger, but in most states, the campaign requesting it must shoulder the cost of the recount.
For the major countries and military groups fighting in Syria, the cessation in hostilities reveals a variety of interests.
She replied, “You are still absolutely going to have to give me your best work.” In the course of the next few months, as the two labored together in the farm’s workshop, they came to appreciate each other more and more.
“There is no such thing as a fiduciary duty as a businessman to oneself,” says Richard W. Painter, a professor of corporate law at the University of Minnesota and former chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House.
Untreated, the virus leads to liver failure or cancer in 15 percent to 30 percent of cases.
The sound was rich and luxurious, comfortably bearing the full weight of fortissimos and detailing pianissimos right down to the vanishing point.
The gap between their dinners had stretched longer than in the past, and their conspicuous absence had made him wonder if it was something more than just conversation that he was missing, if a missed opportunity might not yet be a lost one.
And those are the ones who have been brave enough to reveal it.
He described himself as having “a vile constitution, a sallow face and sunken eyes, long red hair, a shuffling gait and a stoop.” He did freelance illustrations for magazines, Wilde’s writings, books about Arthurian legends, Greek dramas and 18th-century witticisms.
Most of them were believed to be foreigners studying at one of the main universities of Barcelona, as part of the European Union’s Erasmus exchange program.
Indeed, the latter is needed to build a stronger international consensus that gay rights are human rights.
That’s one of the primary joys of “Confusions,” watching chameleon performers change identities with wigs and accents, while locations are transformed by the rearrangement of simple pieces of furniture.
But voter turnout among Hispanics was stubbornly low.
Also, Kesha releases her first song in years today.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, opposes bringing it to a vote in his chamber before the November elections.
It amounted to an order.
The place was so vast that production assistants scuttled back and forth on scooters and bicycles, and included an 800,000-gallon tank with wave and wind machines and what amounted to a giant, ceiling-mounted shower head.
But we’re also concerned about the national debt, oppressed by an arcane, punitive tax code, and unenthusiastic about widespread dependency on the state.
(“You could be so pretty if you tried.”) So when I headed for college on the East Coast in 1972, I never intended to return.
Jan. 20 at 8 p.m. $60.
It was a state ball, not a masked ball.
Rooms start at $150 a night.
They need us, and not the other way around.” The ties between the alt-right movement and the Trump team are difficult to define, even by members of the alt-right.
The couple met in 2013, exactly two years before the day of their wedding, at the Flying Pig, a restaurant in Malvern.
“To judge us all by the same standard would be a mistake.” Oakland has always attracted artists, musicians and other performers to its postindustrial grittiness and sprawling landscape of warehouses.
But again, the real issue with many unions is that they focus on protecting adults instead of serving kids.
“But Geraldo showed us another world.
The message is meant to be scary and clear: Venezuela is a mess, and it can happen here.
But he admits that like Whitehead, he might not have made it to Seton Hall without Rambert.
I’m in awe of how hard our people work and what an amazing job they do under incredibly demanding circumstances.
“The court’s decision leaves plenty of room for future challenges to racial preference policies at other schools,” he said.
The two have a public warmth — or “chemistry,” as the Indian news media like to describe it — and that is likely to be on display Tuesday when Mr. Modi visits the White House for the second time in two years.
To do it legally and effectively requires detailed and accurate intelligence.
The smuggler climbed the underpass and walked onto the highway to search for a passing taxi to ferry the injured man to the hospital.
“No one else really buys that.” Residents tend to stick to the history of the man, St. Nicholas, and largely scoff at the popular image of Santa Claus in the West, which they regard as a product of crass commercialism.
Finally, a big, big piece of art is in place.
Keiko told me the survivor’s story as she remembered hearing him tell it in court.
Each time one team scored, the player inbounding the ball grabbed it, pivoted and — almost without looking — fired off a pass to a guard in motion halfway down the court.
News21, a reporting project affiliated with Arizona State University, found in 2012 that there had been 2,068 cases of fraud nationwide since 2000, including episodes of absentee ballot fraud, intimidation, vote-buying and double voting.
One by one strangers come up and ask to pet their little dog, ask to touch its small body.
As the most recognizable faces in doubles, the Bryans are vital to the men’s tour, said Chris Kermode, ATP’s executive chairman and president.
So we want to work even harder at diverting cases out altogether.
On Tuesday, Sung Kim, Washington’s top official dealing with North Korea, and his South Korean counterpart, Kim Hong-kyun, reiterated that the South did not need to build its own nuclear bombs or to reintroduce American tactical atomic bombs that were withdrawn in the early 1990s.
Was she killed because she was in a car with targeted gang members, the working theory of the Chicago Police Department?
“Nzingha is exactly the same today as she was at age 9,” her coach, Buckie Leach, said.
It would be hard to argue that a candidate’s temperament and experience should be irrelevant to voters.
It offers respect and compassion to the penitent without delay, and shows again Pope Francis’ extraordinary ability to privilege the pastoral, while remaining attentive both to church teaching, and to the interests and needs of his fellow Christians.
Shooting every day, and they spend all of our money on this Olympics.
The best part, however, is that “gittin’ older” also is a definition for AGIN’, or aging.
But I do not think it is fair to forbid me and other clean Russian athletes to compete — athletes who have repeatedly proved they are innocent of cheating.
For instance, in a previously published paper , the researchers calculated that 43 percent of older Americans believed it was illegitimate for the military to take over if the government were incompetent or failing to do its job, but only 19 percent of millennials agreed.
The company’s documents show that a large proportion of the loans it underwrites are likely to never be repaid.
Only one player, Carlos Gonzalez of the Colorado Rockies, has more career home runs against Bumgarner than the three that Ruggiano has.
Then I just go out and try to correct that the next game.” Daniel and Isaac starred together in California at Crenshaw High School and later at St. John Bosco High.
Conforto, however, arrived in the majors on an express elevator last season, and the intrigue goes to whether he once again can force the Mets to alter their plans.
The transformation of transgender women into goddesses for an annual Hindu festival takes place in an atmosphere of reverent, somber concentration.
IN PRAISE OF PROFANITY By Michael Adams 253 pp.
Even though the Constitution guarantees the right to a speedy trial, that is far from reality in New York.
“People don’t split their tickets because they don’t have a choice.
It looked as if the nadir might come during a trip to Georgia Tech, as the team traveled to Atlanta without Krzyzewski, who remained in Durham after becoming ill following the team meal.
But the cover story is on video, in his own words.
“We felt that Laura was an original, strong and compelling voice in all that.” The show has required an intense collaboration with the Whitney but also with the other members of Ms. Poitras’s team, who work in intimate quarters in the TriBeCa studio, putting together the pieces, editing and handling the visual effects for the video elements and the like.
THE SPACE GUY We’re trying to get a mission to Europa at NASA.
Mr. Chabon is one of contemporary literature’s most gifted prose stylists, and in novels like “ Telegraph Avenue ” and “ The Yiddish Policemen’s Union ,” he’s demonstrated his Jedi-like mastery, his ability to move effortlessly between the serious and the comic, the existential and merely personal.
Ms. Bensouda, in an annual report published Monday, said there was a “reasonable basis” for her to open investigations into “war crimes of torture and related ill-treatment, by U.S. military forces deployed to Afghanistan and in secret detention facilities operated by the Central Intelligence Agency.” The focus, she said, would be mostly on any crimes that occurred in 2003 and 2004.
The cost: $177 million, about $4 billion today.
“I definitely think it raises some awareness and will get them inspired,” Manuel, 20, said about the significance of her accomplishment.
Yet here he was, missing Vincent Kompany, Ilkay Gundogan and Sergio Agüero — his captain, his cornerstone and his crown jewel — providing the most eloquent riposte imaginable: a performance that bore testament not to the radiance of the raw material at Guardiola’s disposal but to the brilliance with which it had been shaped.
Ms. Jackson and Ms. Neal sleep in twin beds in the bedroom, and share a vanity and a bench when they get ready in the morning, to avoid hogging the bathroom.
According to the Officer Down Memorial Page , a website that tracks officer deaths, 23 American law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year, 13 in gun-related incidents.
The country is in bad shape, he said, from a still-too-weak economy to a large national debt to lax immigration enforcement, and Mr. Trump, an outspoken, anti-establishment outsider, is what is needed.
Melena Ryzik Every journalist watching this is at least a little bit gladdened that “Spotlight” took home best picture.
She could send Housing Secretary Julián Castro out to debate Mr. Pence without fearing a blowout.
“Like money in the bank.” On a personal programming note, on Wednesday I will discuss the caucuses with Terry Gross of NPR’s “Fresh Air.” Tune in!
“We were like the One Direction of Broadway.” He told James Corden, his co-star at the time, that he “used to fantasize about getting stabbed on the subway so I could have a show off.
I haven’t bought a pair of Jordans in a very long time.
What’s a key leadership lesson you’ve learned?
Much of their day involves waiting for customers to yell or phone for help.
With their wraparound sunglasses and easy smiles, the Nepalese contractors who guarded the Canadian Embassy had become respected fixtures in Kabul, part of a larger community of South Asian security guards who stood sentry at foreign missions all around the capital.
Collectively, Dr. Luban said, the evidence points strongly to the conclusion that Ebola’s mutation helped it spread more effectively in people.
5 Portland Trail Blazers Opener: Sunday, 10:30 p.m.
In an interview, Mr. Camacho said he had been surprised to discover that Cervantes dealt with many themes that lie at the heart of his own rap compositions.
The fates of all three leaders today contrast sharply with their standing five years ago.
(Amy Landecker of “Transparent” pops up as his long-suffering wife.)
Some want to draw closer to Russia, others to the West.
It helps you build confidence that you have this control over the outcome.” Aetna, which has worked with Financial Finesse to develop its workplace program, began a yearlong initiative this month called Retirement Ready.
Stockton University Art Galleries, 101 Vera King Farris Drive.
I want to be the president for the struggling and the striving.” Donald J. Trump won Michigan’s Republican primary on Tuesday by a handy margin, but exit poll data suggest that his so-called woman problem may be especially pronounced in the Midwest.
He officially left Fairport Convention in 1984, although in 2007 he was part of a Fairport Convention lineup that reunited to perform “Liege & Lief” in concert.
It might then resemble any standard night of anxious soul searching, when, to quote J. R. R. Tolkien, we speak “ to the darkness, alone, in the bitter watches of the night, when all [our lives seem] shrinking”?
I got overheated and all I could think about was tearing this hijab off.
Only years later, he said, did he feel he could trust certain psychiatrists there.
RAHWAY Mayor Samson D. Steinman’s Summer Concert Series.
‘‘We can just arrest people who come here to take our fish.’’ After a long silence, another officer muttered a retort — something in Palauan, which was later translated for me as ‘‘easier said than done.’’ Baiei said the turning point for Palau, the moment when the nation realized that it needed help, was March 29, 2012.
So it gets very complicated as you track a single story in one environment.
The letters would ask the two companies (which split a decade ago) to establish independent board committees to explore the idea of reuniting.
“They took the same emperor, took him out of his white uniform, put him in a dark suit and a homburg hat, and said, ‘The emperor is the symbol of the state and the unity of the people,’ ” Dr. Gluck said.
Those remote mountains inspire you, but they scare you, too.
Still, the president is gambling that his formula will create the conditions that draw Cuba inexorably toward a more open body politic and economy.
Mr. O’Malley took out a loan last year to help prop up his floundering campaign, and had already stopped paying many of his senior and junior aides since moving them to Iowa.
“I don’t see it as a formal thing,” Ottolenghi said.
“Yeah, you do hesitate,” she said.
Berry was given the franchise tag early in the off-season but had not signed the deal, which meant he could skip all of training camp without being fined.
Hillary Clinton is about to become the first woman ever to win a major party nomination for president, but the getting there hasn’t been a whole lot of fun.
Facts have become increasingly difficult to verify over more than five years of this bloody and chaotic war.
He has counseled other inmates nearing their own release dates, and, with the help of a $10,000 grant, he established a program to give victims an opportunity to speak directly to inmates about the impact of their crimes.
There also has not been a fatal attack in New Jersey since the 1920s, he added.
The activities take place from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at various locations; more details and registration information (some events are already fully booked) can be found at bronxriver.org or by calling 718-430-4690.
Was it difficult to persuade Mr. Fiennes to make that particular fashion choice?
Students were so concerned about what this did to their transcripts vis-à-vis other Ivy Leaguers applying to grad schools that Princeton subsequently abandoned the practice.
And she is 4 years old.
It is their self-proclaimed literalist disciples of today that concern me.
For one thing, they pay more, giving the children of factory workers other options if they so choose.
“It is always open season on the truth,” the great cultural critic Albert Murray wrote in his first and probably best book, “The Omni-Americans” (1970), “and there never was a time when one had to be white to take a shot at it.” Murray (1916-2013) took his share of shots in “The Omni-Americans.” He skewered social scientists for pathologizing black life in what he called “this great hit-and-miss republic.” He poured scorn upon black protest writers and certain novelists, including Richard Wright, for insisting on narratives of victimhood and marginalization.
People would hang on to their phone lines like family jewels and hand them down to relatives.
A gathering spot for soccer fans near the Eiffel Tower, known as the Fan Zone, is heavily policed, with stringent searches.
Go take a look at them and save the ones you’re interested in making to your recipe box.
“As a baseball town, Washington is really starting to build a great tradition.” Also at the game were some former die-hard Redskins fans.
These are students whose mothers and sisters have been raped by the military.” As a result, their parents pinned their hopes on these young men.
“What I inherited in ’92 was a system that was archaic and hadn’t been changed since what I call the Ebetts Field and Polo Grounds days,” he said.
She called Mr. Garner’s case “emblematic of what’s wrong with law enforcement practices.” “The system is shrouded in secrecy,” Ms. Lieberman said.
A dance party with splashes of conga, rumba, mambo and cha-cha, “Club Havana” is the Technicolor version of Cuba — flouncy skirts in rainbow hues, swiveling hips and sly smiles that beckon audiences to visit, which might be possible soon.
“The Force Awakens” and a new Shanghai Disneyland are impressive achievements, but it is the cable network’s division that houses ESPN that accounts for the biggest slug of Disney’s earnings.
Steve Rogers, a loyal creature of the American military, recoiled at the idea of global bureaucrats interfering with the group’s world-protecting mission.
“I’m not sure how much weight Trump’s threat carries,” said Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona and a critic of Mr. Trump.
Student Question | What Current Musicians Do You Think Will Stand the Test of Time?
The White House and the Pentagon have made it clear that they do not want a war with China over a group of uninhabited islands.
And in a democracy, victory has legitimacy to it.
At one commercial building in the town center, water could be seen on the ground floor despite the flood barriers that had been fitted.
“But it’s been always the bridesmaid, never the bride.” The pair exchanged a quick glance.
That has become known as the nuclear option.
The others were Joe Louis, Jack Dempsey, Jim Jeffries, Bob Fitzsimmons and James J. Corbett.
When you get to your ball, you see that you’re left with a lie next to a bunker lip or against the wall.” The walls of Royal Troon’s bunkers are almost engineering marvels.
I tried to make it more intuitive with an extremely simple model, but evidently that didn’t work for everyone.
The Brentwood mansion where O. J. Simpson lived — and where the police chased him down in his white Bronco in 1994 as the public watched on television — has been demolished.
By next summer, its creators envision hiring more than a dozen runners to deliver from all three Rockaway Beach boardwalk concessions, and from nearby restaurants.
The couple decided to take out two loans to pay off the rest of the bill.
Writing separately, the other two judges in the majority — Patricia Ann Millett and Robert L. Wilkins, both Democratic appointees — agreed that Mr. Bahlul’s conviction should be upheld, but cited different legal reasons specific to his case.
Mr. Degann graduated from the University of Colorado.
After the Orlando nightclub massacre and a string of other mass shootings, Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison; Covington & Burling; Arnold & Porter; and four other prominent law firms formed a coalition with gun control groups that until now have worked largely on their own.
A line from Walt Whitman came to mind: “Whoever you are, I fear you are walking the walks of dreams.” The walk of Ms. Vanderbilt Costin’s dreams would last about 35 seconds.
I love the writer’s casual reference to Mr. Fink “blowing” $100 million of other people’s money back in 1986.
“We have much less interaction with the audience now, compared to before.” In the United States, the use of laser pointers is highly regulated.
They feel the legacy of those injustices every day.
Does the Tchaikovsky ballet “The Sleeping Beauty” tell a story, or is it just a nonstory?
If the book’s good, each successive sentence adds something you’ve never known before.
“That’s the kind of guy I want to appeal to.” A practicing gangster?
No, there is a difference.
Chinese officials are urging the government of Afghanistan to restart peace talks with the Taliban after the last round of discussions collapsed, the Chinese Foreign Ministry has said .
The best thing to say — the only thing to say — is “see you in Tokyo.”
“I grew up in Vegas.”
The person briefed on the decision said that three of Mr. Icahn’s representatives would serve on the board of the services company after the spinoff.
And hopefully he just comes out there.” Pieters made his 2016 United States debut last week at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando and finished 76th.
“Maybe I am naïve, but I don’t think it is mission impossible.” Mr.
But there is a third, even more powerful tradition: muddling through.
We must make sexism no longer acceptable in locker rooms or any other space, whether or not women, transgender or gender-nonconforming people are present.
If you’re talking about an administration that’s focused on the potential for the United States and the potential for the American people and where Mr. Trump wants to be president for everybody, which includes the working class and the middle class, then I guess by that definition.
But the ad also not-so-subtly fuels a critique of Mr. Rubio as superficial, one that has taken hold somewhat since his awkward repetition of talking points at last Saturday’s debate.
Mr. Yan has spent years analyzing his hometown’s soaring real estate values and concluded that a surge in foreign capital , primarily from mainland China, has decoupled Vancouver home prices from the local economy.
Just 1 percent are black, 8 percent are female and 12 percent are Asian, according to data from CB Insights , which tracks private companies and investors.
Ten people were killed, nine of them on a bus that was carrying high school students on a trip to a university.
“Deputies do not possess the training or expertise to evaluate the medical and mental health needs of inmates.” Lingering questions after Ms. Bland’s death, which was ruled a suicide, focused on medical information on a booking form as she was being processed into the jail after a confrontational traffic stop.
“I just want to be paid,” he said.
Consumers in other countries should consult their dealers.
Where there might be a change (or where maybe both del Bosque and Löw are building options) is up front, where both have put strikers — real, almost retro-style strikers — into games.
Now the question is what Mr. Erdogan — or some other miffed potentate — will demand next.
“I was concerned that people would think I had something to do with this,” Mr. Bollea told the jury.
1 world ranking, but the team has its work cut out for it.
At the height of Detroit’s auto industry in the early 1950s, the C.E.O.
Many players, and their agents, have been hesitant to speak openly about the situation because negotiations, with Nike and other companies, are in progress.
Then airport officials noticed blood spattered on the fuselage and found a corpse and a small fortune in South African cash inside.
“She makes this hardy troglodyte a tottering, staggering force of nature, determined to owe nothing to anybody,” Tim Robey wrote in The Telegraph .
Several states — including Arizona, California, Florida, Michigan, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Oklahoma and Washington — have banned affirmative action, and some education analysts wondered whether the court’s decision would lead to more such backlash.
Most important and affecting, this “Sleeping Beauty” preserves the core story of a girl’s sexual awakening, but colors it differently by splitting it across the confusions and anxieties of two very different eras.
This often occurs around Mile 20.
No discrimination against African- Americans, against Muslims, against anybody.
So there’s nothing to fear.
So how did we get to this stage where the leading Republican candidate is loathed by the Republican establishment?
Historically, shrimp, as well as other seafood and meats, were potted as a way to preserve them.
Publicly, at least, the carmakers have pushed back against the idea.
They should support the Democratic candidate who got the most delegates.
Many more of the rules and regulations, though, are much more subtle and open to interpretation.
“Sports competitions are full of good examples of overcoming obstacles,” he said.
The Obama administration is weighing whether to directly arm Syrian Kurdish fighters to combat the Islamic State in the conflict, at the risk of escalating tensions with Turkey.
The links highlight the blurred lines between increasingly acquisitive Chinese companies and Beijing’s long-term industrial policy.
Fridays and Saturdays, noon to 6 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. 510 Warren Street Gallery, 510 Warren Street.
I get emotional.” For further evidence of her fandom, see her standard 2016 victory celebration: the Dab, popularized in the sports world by Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton, who is also going to the Super Bowl.
Back in Las Claritas, at a table in a dark brothel that smelled of alcohol, sat Angélica, a young woman with long black hair whose parents do not know she has turned to prostitution to make her living.
There was no need for air-conditioning on the hourlong drive to Nafplio since the entire back window was open to the cloudless skies.
Refugees seeking resettlement in the United States must undergo an interview in their host country by officials from the Department of Homeland Security.
He did the same when he advanced to second on Corey Seager’s single.
So I’m always on the lookout for simple gadgets that make life easier.
He is Josh Kaufman, not John.
“His compliments damn Israel with loud praise,” Mr. Shalev wrote.
Altogether, the site lists more than 160 missing works, including paintings by Claude Monet and Camille Pissarro.
But new research in the yellowing archives here makes clear how relentlessly Nazi families pursued the Bavarian officials, badgering them, often successfully, to return art they brazenly continued to view as their property.
I discovered Hawk’s four years ago during one of my periodic food tours through Cajun country.
“Westworld” is engaging in the age-old philosophical debate over free will versus determinism, which is a favorite among science-fiction writers.
That’s why it is unlikely to become law soon.
In the pairing of NBC and Golf Channel, the R&A saw a chance to ally itself with a major broadcast network and a niche cable network devoted to golf even though it has notably fewer subscribers than ESPN.
Though the queen was Disraeli’s strongest backer, and his diplomacy through strength furthered Britain’s interests brilliantly, Cesarani comes dangerously close to blaming Disraeli for providing “both the stimulus and the vocabulary” of the anti-Semitism unleashed by the crisis.
“As ambassadors of the Starbucks brand, you should feel proud of your own look as you tie on the green apron.” Don’t pin it all on millennials — but, yeah, millennials do prefer more relaxed dress codes, and experts say companies in all industries are increasingly loosening their sartorial standards in hopes of keeping workers happy.
9 Volunteers, 45-38, in College Station, Tex.
Also on Friday, several members of Congress sent a letter to Mr. Foxx in which they raised concerns about The Times’s findings and asked for details about safety violations uncovered by a recent Federal Railroad Administration audit of New Jersey Transit.
The Nikkei 225 in Japan fell 0.5 percent and the South Korean Kospi rose 0.3 percent.
Xu Xin, a lawyer and scholar in Beijing who studies capital punishment, said that meant that rulings were often made for political reasons.
Aboard his gold-plated jumbo jet, the Republican nominee does not like to rest or be alone with his thoughts, insisting that aides stay up and keep talking to him.
The show is pointedly and self-consciously funny, savoring its own raucous wit, which paradoxically means that it just isn’t as funny as it should be.
People who came to experience top-notch singers at the best opera house in the world.
These are 60- or 80-year assets, and will be more important as awareness of the climate change threat grows.
The three economics professors who compile the data — Scott Baker, Nick Bloom and Steven Davis — have shown that a rise in their index foreshadows lower investment, output and employment.
“The Knife Slipped” was lost for 75 years, initially intended as an early entry in Gardner’s series featuring the detectives Cool and Lam.
From elsewhere, it unfurls, its saw-toothed balconies, angled toward the Hudson, making hundreds of facets in the stainless-steel skin, which shimmer with the changing light.
In 2015, Mr. Moonves received a total of $56.8 million, down slightly from $57.2 million in 2014.
One project was already 12 weeks overdue, they said.
Those factories directly employ at least 15,000 people, with 25,000 others working in the supply chain.
(If you’ve caught the bug that’s been blasting through our house, take a look at our collection of recipes for sick-day soups .)
The people who raise them don’t want it and the numbers are just too small.
“He could have sauntered over to the ‘Today’ show,” Mr. Cruz said.
(Want to get California Today by email?
The traps lowered mosquito populations by 80 percent in the four Puerto Rican towns where they were tested, and they appeared to cut chikungunya transmission by almost half .
Have their been opportunities missed or more that could have been?
“That’s how I covered myself.” He chose his current apartment in a prewar building six years ago, he explained, because he wanted a quiet place to write and was willing to live without direct sunlight.
I’m not sure if that’s because it functions as a chameleon’s skin, syncing with his psychology and taking its cues from his context, or if we project onto it the color that coordinates with whatever he’s projecting at us.
She kisses everyone: the strangers who ask to take selfies with her, the traffic cop who lets her entourage pass through, the bleary-eyed cook catering a work lunch that she attends.
The Art League of Long Island, 107 East Deer Park Road.
I wonder why it doesn’t get used more often, especially in themeless puzzles, when the openness of the grid would welcome it.
Aging does wonders for Chandoka, a prizewinning Cheddar-style cheese made with a mixture of cow’s and goat’s milk by LaClare Farms in Malone, Wis. Its rind takes on a mottled, almost silvery patina as the flavor of the pale cheese becomes more buttery, exhibiting hints of tangy horseradish in the aftertaste.
She woke up alongside several other children, each around 10 or 11.
Rather than expanding, they began looking for another house in Westwood.
“The water’s fine.” If Mr. Trump defeats Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and Gov.
The Chinese company has 170,000 employees and annual sales of $60 billion, an increase of 50 percent in the last three years.
Ms. Marushevska, the customs agency head whom I appointed, said she was harassed with trumped-up official reprimands.
Mr. Bullock, who is right-handed, denies hitting anyone.
This should concern liberals and Democrats and anyone who fears a Trump presidency, but it shouldn’t inspire raw panic.
Chris Paul had 26 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds for the Clippers.
NORWALK “The Chocolate Expo,” 40 specialty-food vendors.
Even if it was not Budweiser’s intention, tapping into the polarization rife in American culture today could strengthen the brand’s bond with core customers.
DAWN is yet to arrive and I am standing at the edge of my morning’s work: a small, succulent meadow.
That calculation is complicated by Sizemore’s switching in 2014 to the Common Core standardized test from an Illinois version.
Keep your legs in motion somehow, no matter how slight.
The basic idea is that all of life is a series of daring explorations from a secure base.
Pope Francis will travel to Cuba on Feb. 12 for a historic meeting with the leader of the Russian Orthodox Church , the first meeting between a pope and the Russian patriarch, the Vatican announced on Friday.
His remarks caused shock among some supporters who have seen Mr. Trump as a bulwark against an influx of foreigners taking American jobs.
[ DNAInfo ] • Nearly 100 ducks were dumped at a New Jersey mall.
The National Academies play an outsize role in the debate because of their stature in the academic community and connections to the federal government.
For a moment on Monday morning, the Best Western Plus Executive Court Inn and Conference Center in Manchester felt a bit like the Fifth Avenue lobby of Trump Tower.
“We can argue about what is attractive, but not that we wish to attract,” she wrote.
The case against Mr. Walters has been marred by revelations this month that a special agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation leaked details of the inquiry to reporters at The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times two years before Mr. Walters was indicted.
( The New York Times ) • The first woman to climb Mount Everest, Junko Tabei, died of cancer at age 77.
And her dancers seemed acutely aware of where and how to allocate their energy: just how limply to fall into a partner’s embrace; just how much force to throw behind the swing of a leg.
Mr. Rahami makes clear that he planned to die a martyr: In “my heart, I pray to the beautiful wise Allah / to not take jihad away,” he said.
In the back of a hotel ballroom here stood none other than Gordon J. Humphrey, the former two-term United States senator from New Hampshire who was an eager Kasich supporter in that state.
Yet in his election night remarks, Mr. Sanders declared he would forge ahead in the Washington, D.C., primary next week, and would fight on to the convention in Philadelphia in July.
Ninkovich, who has 42 career sacks and was third on the team last year with six and a half, will help if he can pressure Cody Kessler, Cleveland’s rookie quarterback.
Each yoked the once-growing power of the recording industry to his own purposes: Mr. Boulez taping the complete works of Webern, and Mr. Harnoncourt the operas of Monteverdi.
Some sectors, like mining and manufacturing, are being clobbered.
One is the 1.8 million-square-foot City Point in Downtown Brooklyn, which will ultimately feature three residential towers as well as 36,000 square feet of dining and another 30,000 square feet devoted to food retailers.
His withdrawal, announced on the eve of Friday’s draw, means the nine-time champion Rafael Nadal will move up to the No.
Gleaming, focused top notes slice through the orchestra.
The Theater Center, 210 West 50th Street, 800-745-3000, perfect-crime.com.
Aid and human rights groups have accused both governments of deliberately attacking medical facilities, including an M.S.F.-­supported hospital in northern Syria on Feb. 15, an accusation they have denied.
Playwrights Horizons, 416 West 42nd Street, 212-279-4200, playwrightshorizons.org.
Where “Empire” is an over-the-top industry soap opera with gangster-movie elements, “Star,” which has a preview on Wednesday before beginning its regular run on Jan. 4, is pure fairy tale.
“It was a groundbreaking tomato that redefined what a tomato should be and was the most popular variety in the world.
That includes damage from high winds, heavy snow and ice, said Jeanne Salvatore, a spokeswoman for the Insurance Information Institute, an industry group.
Humans played an important role, too: Their presence put pressure on the animals, through hunting and a smaller habitat range, scattering the megafauna throughout the region.
Together they foster a perceptive and minimalist staging that concentrates the story’s power rather than dispersing it with distractions.
Daring to apply the language, rhythms and sense of moment of a Shakespearean history to a topical situation most commonly hashed over in gossip magazines.
Both reward the time spent, spectacularly.
3 Maryland to a road win over Wisconsin.
GALERIE PERROTIN It has operated a 4,300-square-foot gallery space in a 1932 building on the Upper East Side of Manhattan since 2013, will move to a 25,000-square-foot building on the Lower East Side next spring.
Indonesia, with more than 250 million people, is about 90 percent Muslim and has a secular national government.
I taught for several years in the biology department, where I learned that cigarette makers had been giving millions of dollars to Harvard and other elite institutions to curry favor.
Given what’s happened since 1994, why should black people trust you to get it right this time?
He was indicted for failing to report an extortion attempt by the former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards.
Goats bleated in the distance, while swallows and myna birds darted out of the palm trees.
Besides Mr. Rouf, the other six militants identified after Tuesday’s gun battle with police officers who surrounded their hide-out, a house in the Kallyanpur neighborhood in Dhaka, were Bangladeshi.
“I said: ‘Who am I supposed to be prostituting to?
The judge in the civil rape case of Knicks guard Derrick Rose denied a motion by Rose’s legal team for a dismissal or mistrial on Wednesday, and the trial resumed with testimony from the two co-defendants, who are longtime friends of Rose’s.
Judge Peterson’s sharply worded 119-page ruling suggested that Wisconsin’s voter restrictions, as well as voter ID restrictions in Indiana that have been upheld in the Supreme Court, exist only to suppress votes.
Television is losing what work is and knows it.
Nonetheless, there is a story, the usual behind-the-music arc of rise, fall and redemption.
For all the signs of progress and political will, however, new challenges to implementing the accord have arisen just since December.
and one home run in seven starts.
Others speculate that writers may be self-censoring, steering clear of issues that could prove troublesome.
He said that in investigating cases, some involving capital offenses, he became “too engaged and overwhelmed in trying to provide a zealous defense” for his clients.
Warner Theater, 68 Main Street.
Even China, he maintains, will have to enter that race.
Carrying a hat box, he was heading through a stage door at the Wolf Trap performing arts center in Virginia.
Overton is a former BBC journalist who is now the executive director of Action on Armed Violence, a charity based in London that researches and lobbies against weapons proliferation and violence against civilians; he is also the author of “The Way of the Gun,” a dark examination of some of the roles firearms play in modern society.
This can be frustrating for food executives, who spent years getting salt, sugar and fat out of a wide variety of products, paying high costs in development and marketing along the way.
Senate Democratic leaders, in their letter, cited provisions inserted into House bills as a reason for their charge that the October agreement was falling apart.
This was his version of Trumpian straight-talk.
But that means the glut is still continuing to grow, and it could take years to work through the crude that is being warehoused, poured into petroleum depots or loaded onto supertankers for storage at sea.
The crossings are a bit twisty for this one, but if you can get _ _ _ NES from the crossings, you might either know LEONES, or you could look it up.
On the same evening Donald Trump became the president-elect, four states — California, Maine, Massachusetts and Nevada — voted to legalize recreational marijuana, and three others voted to allow it for medicinal purposes.
Rather than cooperate with the United States against the Soviet Union, the Arab world’s new nationalist strongmen were transfixed by their rivalries with one another.
“There’s no way around that.” As principled as Mr. Cook’s position may be, it still has the effect of hindering (or at least not helping) a criminal investigation that his company is uniquely situated to assist.
He ate a hot dog and visited the Bronx Zoo , which he said was “the best thing New York City has.” Not every tourist jumps over the railing at the zoo and sticks a hand in a cage to pet a Bengal tiger, as Mr. Castro did .
4, rue de l’Abbé Grégoire, +33 1 4284 1908, baptistefleur.com
Security forces were searching the base for explosives on Tuesday, the fourth day of the operation, Manohar Parrikar, the defense minister, said in a televised news briefing from Pathankot, in Punjab State, where the attack took place.
I think she’s going to want to get her revenge on these people who have done her wrong, right from the beginning.
It’s cancer, it’s Alzheimer’s, it’s AIDS, it’s diabetes, it’s heart disease — all those dreadful, awful diseases that N.I.H.
For middle- and upper-middle-class families in particular, scheduled activities and homework can easily spread to fill all the available hours of a day and then some.
The final episode of “Downton Abbey” ran last Sunday and some viewers may already be feeling an acute sense of Dowager Countess withdrawal.
Zsa Zsa marketed her husband-hunting skills.
In the ocean, the acidification of the pH is eroding corals .
“Gun and magazine bans are a total failure,” Mr. Trump wrote in his position paper.
She remains, you might say, her singular self, though singular is perhaps the wrong word for someone who truly contains multitudes.
The sandwich itself was a high-wire act of sweet, tangy, tender, smoky, spicy, and even crunchy from the slaw.
Side note — Grace/Simon Dunham’s micro-cameos as a salty coffee barista have been so great.
As a relatively small group, a major problem now in the transmission of traditional Yugur culture is that a large number of Yugurs are outside the environment of traditional ethnic culture, weakening their connections with it.
NYT » British Authorities End Criminal Inquiry Into Currency Markets | The Serious Fraud Office of Britain said that it had “insufficient evidence” to pursue criminal charges for manipulation of foreign currency trading.
Several African countries, including Kenya, receive Israeli military training and equipment; Africa has become one of the biggest growth markets for Israel’s arms industry .
I argued in my last book [“ China Goes Global ”] that China is a “partial power” — lacking in many categories of national power.
That suggests a broader trend of increased Hispanic political power in the city, although there are many challenges for Hispanic politicians to mobilize a fractured electorate.
No new development is allowed in beachside conservation areas within about 200 yards of the ocean.
Arielle Di Porto, the director of Jewish immigration from distressed countries at the Jewish Agency, who coordinated the journey of the Yemeni Jews and met them upon their arrival in Israel, said only that the recent immigrants had not arrived on an Israeli plane.
The death toll rose to at least six and four parishes have been declared disaster areas.
The pump communicates with a smartphone app that measures milk output and that the Alvarezes eventually plan to sync with a “smart” baby bottle they are developing that gauges a baby’s milk consumption.
But she hadn’t anticipated meeting the very persistent Cody Keenan, a speechwriter whom President Obama nicknamed “Hemingway.” Still, she adhered to her self-set rule through three attempts by Mr. Keenan to get her to go out with him.
At other points during his five years in charge of the team, he talked about establishing an American style of play as well as raising the bar on expectations for players and fans in this country.
Now 45, Ms. Grubman has stayed out of the spotlight for a decade.
For example, panties are a relatively recent innovation: Drawers didn’t make an appearance until the early 1800s.
“There was some drunkenness, with attendant boisterous ebullitions of zeal and patriotism.
The advertisement does a good job of expressing IBM’s goal of conveying a not-quite-human savant.
Initially, she offered financial support — “to print and post the newsletter, which made it possible to expand the distribution.” But over time, she felt a deeper connection to this oft-overlooked segment of the prison population.
Even to many in Norway, which is admirably dedicated to rehabilitating and reintegrating prisoners into society, the decision is appalling.
“We’re uncertain how to model any improvement” in those two areas, Cisco’s chief executive, Chuck Robbins, said in a call to analysts, speaking of service providers and emerging markets.
Removals require the cooperation of and paperwork from the receiving country, and Homeland Security officials said they were still in talks with the Haitian government about the policy shift.
What are they expected to do to their hair afterward?
If you ever want to return to Hangouts, click the menu arrow next to your name again and choose “Try the new Hangouts.” Google Hangouts also has a mobile app for Android and iOS .
“They’re finding shelter,” said Dan Brady, a project manager at Bell Bird Control , of Fairfield, N.J. “They build their nest and lay their eggs, and nobody can get them.” A bird’s nest is dirty, attracts bugs and could pose a health hazard if spores from the droppings get sucked into the ventilation system, Mr. Brady said.
When Danielle and Jon Murray of Raleigh, N.C., learned they were having their first child five years ago, they were too embarrassed to tell their friends and family.
He graduated in 1986 with a master of laws degree and became a citizen, as did his wife.
His importance has grown slowly since his death, to the point where he has become a common reference in alternative and not-so-alternative culture.
Monica Vinader works in gold plate, covering items that are cast in sterling silver with a layer of gold.
“Sending that makes it impossible for us to be serious about taking out ISIS and restoring democracy in Syria,” he said.
But this we do know: One of the agencies also looking into this mess — the Department of Investigation, which is charged with rooting out crimes and abuses in the de Blasio administration — is run by Mark Peters, a friend of the mayor and the treasurer of his 2013 campaign — the very campaign that is part of what’s been called this “long-running,” “wide-ranging” (and so far baffling) investigation.
‘Memories of the Revolution: Locating Lesbian Culture in the Age of Queer’ (Wednesday) This panel examines downtown New York lesbian culture in the 1980s and 1990s through the lens of the Women’s One World (WOW) Café.
“‘I wouldn’t pay $40 million for us.’” He was president of the new agency until retiring in 1990.
The terms of his deal — $217 million for seven years — tend to eclipse any other reason people will accept for his decision.
Among Mr. Corella’s changes has been what departing dancers described as putting his own stamp on repertory works, especially those by George Balanchine, whose protégée Barbara Weisberger founded Pennsylvania Ballet in 1963.
Veal, cauliflower porridge, cinnamon, dates.
“These are the actions of a few.” But the city’s public defender and experts on criminal justice said the texts appeared to reveal a deep culture of bias in the 2,000-member force that contradicts the city’s image of tolerance and liberalism.
You know, I was not particularly in favor of us going to war in Iraq, primarily because I have studied, you know, the Middle East, recognizing that those are nations that are ruled by dictators and have been for thousands of years.
Thanks in no small measure to Ms. Taichman’s sensitive direction and the forceful performances of its cast — all of the actors play several roles — “Indecent” sheds an eye-opening light on a little-known time when theatrical history, Jewish culture and the frank depiction of homosexuality intersected, with explosive results.
“I haven’t had problems since I moved here to Oregon but I feel like I have been sent out here and set up to fail,” he said.
Former parole commissioners described a hearing process that was run like an assembly line and was so chaotic that they themselves sometimes did not know which inmate they were interviewing.
The government’s decision simply to hire the locksmith and ignore how that lock was opened “creates a gap in the review process” that is “not transparent and has not been set in legislation,” she said.
“We are pleased the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled today that the commissioner properly exercised his authority under the collective bargaining agreement to act in cases involving the integrity of the game,” it said in a statement.
Two rivers flow through the city, and the jihadists blew up bridges that connected neighborhoods as they withdrew, meaning that what used to be a short drive from one place to another now requires a long detour south of the city to cross a pontoon bridge the United States provided.
After a formal evaluation, Ms. Burwell said, “this program has been shown to reduce health care costs and help prevent diabetes.” Federal officials said that Medicare saved $2,650 for each person enrolled in the prevention program over 15 months, compared with similar beneficiaries not in the program.
He said in an email last week that if the core programmers did not increase the number of transactions going through the network by July, he would begin looking for alternatives to expand the network.
“Tomorrow I could do a runway show of 100 dresses with no problem.” Ms. Chiuri and Mr. Piccioli had already crossed paths with the world of opera, collaborating with the set builders of the Teatro Dell’Opera Di Roma for their spring 2014 couture collection commemorating operatic heroines.
It’s hard to imagine that the allure of insider-only memes and perverse laughs will be enough to sustain it over the next four years.
By the time Dan and his wife, Joyce (Susan Pourfar), are walking out the door, leaving their three rowdy tots in Anna’s care, you may be ready to call child services.
A display of conventionally shaped vessels from the mid-1950s shows tentative experiments with surface, including wax-resist processes borrowed from the textile arts and a “slip stencil” effect produced with liquid clay and paper cutouts.
Because of the political power of the coal industry and the falling price of coal, larger percentages of wind- and solar-generated electricity are not being put on the grid, a phenomenon called curtailment.
On a Thursday morning in late summer, at a Walmart Supercenter No.
For all the reform campaigns over the years, most schools continue to teach math and science in an off-putting way that appeals only to the most fervent students.
Still, it is a relief in Midtown to be able to eat a light, healthy lunch that has genuine flavor and texture and doesn’t feel like a sacrifice.
At 2 and 4 p.m., 15 West 28th Street, second floor, Manhattan, 212-252-1619, Ext.
Civilian positions will have to be reduced, while reforms in health care and the military procurement system need to be carried out.
“When things aren’t completely free, people begin to make more careful decisions about how and how much to consume,” said Mitch Daniels, the former Indiana governor, who worked with Ms. Verma on an early version of the plan.
The woman whose child he killed lives in the township.
Afterward he asks Davis (Kedar Brown) whether he liked it, and Davis scoffs in a gravelly voice, “It was sweet, like candy” and condescendingly advises him to come back when he has lived a little more.
Without a word, he nodded his head.
The measure is drawing sharp criticism from open records advocates who say the names are an important tool in watching whether police departments are hiring problem officers.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
Nearly three-quarters agreed “with the statement ‘Today discrimination against whites has become as big a problem as discrimination against blacks and other minorities,’ compared to just 45 percent of Americans overall,” he found.
Nearly 25 years ago, salsa surpassed ketchup in retail store sales, and some would argue that Mexican food has already conquered American cuisine .
Wright-Phillips had 24 goals, one more than Villa and three short of the 27 he scored when he led the league in 2014.
It was not the same on his training fields.
“They know that the ecosystem of Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters can’t continue.” A Bloomberg spokesman said the company had no comment on Mr. Pearlstine’s hiring.
Which brings us back to the matter of the current eight-justice court.
She is survived by her husband, Thomas, as well as four children and two grandchildren.
McIlroy carded a 71, six strokes better than Thomas, who was five-over after three holes.
April 24 through Sept. 11.
Maharaj spent three more years playing in Sweden, where he endeared himself to fans and locals alike by learning the language.
There is hope for the world.
“There’s no other way around it,” Francona said.
Donald Trump ascended the dais on Thursday night as the most improbable of Republican presidential nominees.
But not as well as he would if Mr. Rubio were gone.
This video, this cellphone makes all the difference in the world.” Mr. Sanders made his remarks as he temporarily shifted his campaign’s focus from Nevada, which holds its caucuses Saturday, to South Carolina, where Democrats vote the next weekend, kicking off a round of contests in the South that can essentially decide the race if one candidate is able to roll up a string of victories there in the delegate-rich states that hold contests March 1.
“This process involves taking difficult decisions, and we are committed to working through these changes in a careful and sensitive way,” Lloyds said in a news release.
As voters continue to cast their ballots in Thursday’s referendum, several Twitter users supporting the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union were giving unusual advice to their counterparts: use pens .
All I needed was for Will Shortz to say yes.
Devin Cannady scored 20 points to lead host Princeton to a 75-63 win over Yale in an Ivy League showdown, ending the Bulldogs’ 12-game winning streak.
If you showed anything that was innovative in New York, you got accused of being pretentious.
That email also appears here.
It was taken by Abbot Genser.
( He finally did on Wednesday , offering that the Orlando incident was “a clear attack on the gay and Hispanic community.”) Representative Pete Sessions of Texas told a reporter on Tuesday that Pulse, where the attack occurred, “ was a young person’s club ,” not a gay club.
Europe was “ready to take its fair share,” the European Union’s commissioner for migration, Dimitris Avramopoulos, told the conference, but he sketched opportunities for resettlement that appeared to fall well short of what the United Nations was seeking.
“Can I support the hospice in any way?” Nani Ma’s face brightened.
“Such a practical look at the alliance shocked the American establishment, for whom NATO has long been a cult, as it is the main instrument of the U.S. for dominance in Europe,” the television report asserted, showing photographs of American headlines calling Mr. Trump an agent and lap dog of Mr. Putin.
In an interview, Mr. Harber said that on Aug. 24, 2015 he placed orders for about $34.8 million worth of stocks “on margin” (which usually requires putting down some money and borrowing the rest from the broker).
Many local Republicans are making their peace.
The bell tower was converted to an en-suite master bathroom.
“For this project, right here, the cops keep it calm.”
7 North Carolina overcame a 15-point deficit to beat visiting Tennessee, 73-71.
He knew the Gelband family, had been outraged by the killing of Jews and wondered in disbelief, as he once said to me, “How can you not help, if a child asks?” Kasprzyk told me something else: “Someone who does not know the difference between good and evil is worth nothing.
The legendary soprano Kathleen Battle has made peace with the Metropolitan Opera , 22 years after she was fired for “unprofessional actions during rehearsals.” She was invited back to give a recital on Nov. 13 called “Underground Railroad — A Spiritual Journey.” “Spirituals have the power to uplift and to heal, and we certainly need that in today’s world,” she said in a statement.
It’s ironic, since Obama beat her by promising to transcend the old-brain dead political squabbles and move the country forward.
And taking prescription opioid painkillers for a long time can build up a tolerance to the drugs.
A party spokesman, Chinnakutti Ponnaiyan, said reports continued to come in from far-flung regions about followers who had committed suicide or died when they heard the news of Ms. Jayaram’s death.
“He is taking a lot of responsibility himself.” He added that Mr. Ghani’s his frequent contact with army and police commanders and vigorous denunciations of the Taliban also set him apart from Mr. Karzai, who courted the insurgents, contributing to “ambiguity about who the enemy was.” But there is no letup in the flood of casualties from the war.
A Turkish government official said on Wednesday that Mr. Erdogan sent a special representative to Syria to meet Bana’s family and have them airlifted out of the country to Turkey.
Tesla has had to build a huge factory to produce the Model 3’s batteries at scale.
International aid convoys bring in a meager supply of bulgur, rice, sugar and baby formula at irregular intervals every few months, barely enough to keep the 40,000 civilians trapped inside alive.
There are those — including the Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders — who oppose soda taxes as a regressive tax on the poor.
“I will keep doing, but not worth it,” he tweeted.
Janet Maslin, reviewing the film when it came out, complained that “many of the jokes are either meanspirited or scatological, or both,” and these days the best way to watch it may be with an accompaniment of grub and alcoholic beverages.
Tell me more about your leadership style.
• Worried about what you can’t control?
I like little arm tickles.
This was followed by birch ice cream under white slices of raw pine mushrooms and woodruff leaves, an odd, herbaceous and unexpectedly stirring combination.
Jones was hoping an impressive performance this weekend would help him move up draft boards around the league.
It may be Hong Kong, and it may be only one campaign, but companies should be fearful.
The retailer did not return multiple requests for comment.
He was up by 4 many mornings to pray before arriving at the gym by 5:30.
“A comet dire and strange am I.” “She is no longer angry,” Woolf wrote in 1929.
They are struggling, as are many in the industry, as precipitous downturns in print advertising are not being made up by digital revenue.
Quinnipiac, for good measure, has been pretty tough on the Democrats over the last few cycles.
— Mary Williams Walsh The annual Boao Forum in China this week will attract the likes of the Alibaba Group’s chairman, Jack Ma, and the basketball star Yao Ming.
The University of North Dakota’s Drake Caggiula, who was named the most outstanding player at the Frozen Four, signed a two-year, entry-level contract with the Edmonton Oilers.
“He wanted to get them out of there,” she said.
A bipartisan collection of senators said on Tuesday that it was their moral obligation to ensure that Holocaust victims could recover art confiscated from them during World War II and, in many cases, still hanging in museums and private collections more than 70 years later.
Epic Provisions has introduced duck fat, beef tallow and pork lard in jars and is calling them “animal based oils.” All are said to be derived from humanely treated livestock.
(A recent audience happily enlightened him.)
There was an “austere puritan” Murdoch who sternly set her face against promiscuity, and there was another Murdoch, her Mr. Hyde, who could proclaim, “I am a sadomasochistic male homosexual.” Which was the real Iris?
Marcia Fritz, president of the California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility, said the additional pension costs might push more local governments over a fiscal cliff.
None of which is fatal for a show that’s essentially B-level science-fiction comfort food — not as imaginative as Syfy’s other recent time-travel series, “Continuum,” but superior in execution and slightly more ambitious in its storytelling than most of the channel’s other offerings.
“Compatriots on both sides of the strait must be highly vigilant against some political forces on Taiwan exploiting a handful of incidents in exchanges between the two sides to provoke the feelings of the public on both sides,” the media officer said.
“It bothered me, the reaction he got.” About the activists, she said: “This younger generation is more vocal.
(In an email, divulged by WikiLeaks, the Clinton adviser John Podesta once called Mr. Tapper a word for the male anatomy not suitable for print.)
Now you’ve got Courtney Barnett , Torres , St. Vincent, Alabama Shakes — a lot of females who are making a real deep impression with guitars again, which is great.
It was, How do I keep pushing against this thing in order to be what I need to be?” He asked it with a real urgency that made his chin quiver.
That may have been so generations ago, but no longer.
What We’re Reading emails are sent twice a week.
Follow him on Twitter .
Half the Democratic party gave Bernie a mandate not only to take the fight to the convention, but well beyond.
And every year, this kind of thing happens.” With the tourists back on the street, Vaishnavi’s father, Ravi, was back at his corner, selling trinkets.
National guidelines state that blood pressure should be measured every year in children, starting at age 3.
“Last year, we thought Europe could unravel over the euro.
Out of 42 elected prosecutors in the state, one is black.” Stevenson says that by seeking numerous death sentences, prosecutors in the Deep South “hark back to the history of using the criminal-justice system to maintain racial control.” Mobile County is the site of the last known lynching in the country, in 1981.
Depending on what he’s doing, he adapts to whatever that show needs.”
Andy Warhol once predicted that in the future, everyone would be famous for 15 minutes.
How could a conservatorship end?
Any nail salon that opens on Oct. 3 or later will have to have a ventilation system.
A randomized controlled trial of mothers and infants in Oklahoma, in which some infants were selected to receive $1,000 in a 529 account, along with incentives for the mother to save additional money, found that those disadvantaged children scored better at age 4 on a measure of socioemotional development than similar children who did not receive the money.
Of course, this existed long before Facebook.
Zayn Malik recently began selling his Arabic-printed bomber jackets and hoodies online.
Once the judgment was entered though, the bonds stopped accruing interest according to their terms and instead received court-ordered post-judgment interest at about 0.5 percent.
Ms. Shamieh, best known as the creator of the popular Palestinian-American family portrait “Roar” (2004), has taken promiscuous liberties with history to ponder the oppressiveness of sex (in many senses of the word) and class in the days when the pyramids were new.
President Xi Jinping of China in effect wrote an epitaph to the shrunken influence of his predecessor and former rivals this week when the Communist Party announced major changes to its once-powerful Youth League, a training ground for many officials who have been marginalized under Mr. Xi.
He figures I’m an easy out.” He wasn’t.
They were returning after a night in Chatham, a town on Cape Cod that also has a Jack Wills store.
There were framed awards and medals proving that this person loved lacrosse.
We are going to make our country great, and we’re going to do the right thing.
“You know, if they take a position on international issues that could threaten war or has the potential of upending our critical relationships with other countries or would potentially break the financial system, that needs to be reported on,” Mr. Obama said.
If the Senate holds out until January 2017, however, it will be taking an astonishing gamble.
The owner, Eddy Sujak, who co-owns two other restaurants in the Bronx, Giovanni’s and Tosca Café, wants to incite such enthusiasm.
In the past, they note, false alerts have repeatedly brought the world to the brink of disaster.
“We believe at this point it’s best to allow the process of peer review — the foundation of the scientific process — to move forward,” she wrote.
A move by the Obama administration to begin to tighten rules on inversions in 2014 killed some deals, including AbbVie’s planned $54 billion takeover of its Irish counterpart Shire.
These are very serious questions — soul-of-a-nation questions — that we dare not ignore.
We might all wish it otherwise, but short of a new law requiring disclosure, the odds are that the tax returns will remain hidden.
A few weeks before Ashley Hurst was supposed to commit to college, an email arrived that she thought would change her life.
Unfortunately, yes.” Eleven states and the District of Columbia require a permit or license before purchasing a handgun or, in some cases, any kind of firearm.
But the rise of the indigenous movement looks like a direct result of how Beijing has overseen its relationship with Hong Kong.
Mr. Patel wanted to imbue his Ramanujan with “an essence of nobility, despite his humble beginnings.” He said “he was a reserved man but incredibly enlightened as a human being.” The actor was also determined that his onscreen math skills be watertight, and Mr. Ono not only monitored the accuracy of equations seen in papers and books but also helped the stars wrap their mouths, and their fingers, around them.
“Most of them fought like they wanted to live a thousand years,” he said.
Might there be room to squeeze in 2,000 more?
She’s a passionate artist, in love with the look, the feel, the smell of her books.
He became the company’s chairman in 2000 but returned as chief executive in 2008 after firing the installed chief, James Donald, as sales faltered.
Los agentes encerraron a los hermanos en una habitación pequeña y resguardaron la entrada con más guardias.
What do you want to see here?
Like Ms. Harris, those eager to break out of the pack someday are all here.
The bitter impasse over the nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland is raising a once unthinkable possibility: Presidents may no longer be confident of filling a Supreme Court vacancy unless their party controls the Senate.
It’s funny, my need for a book I can lose myself in, and the bookstores in which they can be tested, tasted and thumbed-through, because for most of my growing-up years, I wasn’t much of a reader.
A New Mexico businessman claimed to help low-income Spanish-speaking families by finding them foreclosed homes to buy and, in some cases, financing the deals.
So are we just talking about the effects of ideology?
Hudson Executive declined to comment.
“At this point, everything’s being bought.” And what might make sense while targeting on a national scale or in bigger media markets, or over time, does not prove so effective when the effort concentrates on a small subset of voters in a small state over a few days, experts said.
study caused a furor (the league denied the bias), and a few years later there was a follow-up by the same economists, and the bias had disappeared.
“It sounded like a bomb,” Ms. Panek, 21, said.
“We have now two years of compliance under our belt,” he said.
“She is a courageous young woman,” he said.
And in 1937, Roosevelt was coming off a historic re-election and building the greatest political coalition of the 20th century.
I’m wearing two longer necklaces, which are constellations that represent my husband and me — I’m carrying him today.
Among them is Murray Lister, a captain in New Zealand’s merchant marine who was chief mate on the container ship that rescued Wilson and his crewmate Steve Pettengill west of Cape Horn in 1990.
NATIONAL An article on Tuesday about pipeline protests in North Dakota misspelled the surname of the chairman of the Morton County Commission, who discussed Washington’s response to the demonstrations.
can undertake with varying levels of intrusive techniques.
“I guess they see so many shootings and they all think they’re gang related,” Ms. Turner said.
The new economic data underscores the continuing frustration about the current growth cycle, which has now gone on for seven years — longer than most economic upswings — but which has repeatedly failed to break out into a higher orbit.
“I didn’t know who said it, but what difference does it make if it was Mussolini or somebody else — it’s a very good quote.” Asked whether he wanted to be associated with Mr. Mussolini, Mr. Trump replied, ‘No, I want to be associated with interesting quotes.” And he added, “Hey, it got your attention, didn’t it?”
Learn more and see usage examples across a range of subjects in the Vocabulary.com Dictionary .
I don’t think that the secretary fully answered your question, and I think the proof may be in the pudding.
He’s done a really good job of that.” Capuano replaced Scott Gordon, a more heralded coach who had jumped to the Islanders from the A.H.L.
Ask yourself: what is that supposed to mean?
Rather, provide the voters with energizing and exciting prospects for policies in a Clinton administration that could provide stability where needed and change where demanded.
Quite often this is a continuum or will depend on the category, as your family may live in a modest home but spend a lot on vacations and other experiences.
“He’s proven that he can create businesses from scratch, and Walmart needs a bit of that entrepreneurship within their e-commerce business.” Recently, though, Jet.com has struggled.
Rents will be in the range of $1,000 to $2,000 a month.
A select guide to cultural events for children, teenagers and families.
Born near Liverpool in 1964, Mr. Leckey came of age as Damien Hirst, Tracey Emin, Marc Quinn and others found fame under an umbrella designation as Young British Artists.
There are always men enraged by women’s autonomy, whether women are starring in a comedy reboot or “Thelma & Louise”; playing rock or video games; demanding their reproductive rights; running for president; or, you know, doing anything that some men don’t want them to do.
The S.S. United States, the world’s fastest ocean liner, won’t be sailing the seas again after all.
However, there is still such a thing as too much variety: Switching industries has a negative correlation with corporate success, which may speak to the importance of building relationships and experience within an industry.
In September, a group of Mr. Snowden’s supporters asked Mr. Obama to pardon him , although the White House has already ruled that out .
“You’re pretty much giving the rights to all your information to this company.” So what can be done to minimize the security risks that come with some apps?
“People may lose their family home.
But when CBS’s Washington bureau chief, Christopher Isham, tried to recruit him to be a part-time analyst about eight years ago, Mr. Dickerson, then working at Slate, flatly told him no.
Judge John Z. Lee of United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois approved most of the terms, but declined to give the N.C.A.A.
The recent endorsement of Mr. Rubio by South Carolina’s popular Republican governor, Nikki R. Haley, appears to have helped him.
It offered bribes to regulators.
Medical evacuations must also begin again.
Madison Keys of Florida, seeded No.
12 Yale has size, plays defense (16th nationally in scoring defense) and gets after it on the boards.
Utah answered with a 7-0 run, punctuated by back-to-back layups from Ingles, but the Nets countered with consecutive 3-pointers from Bogdanovic and Ellington to retake the lead at 48-43 by halftime.
You might see him, but do you really see him?
Thursdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages, 1200 Route 25A.
Now you might have thought I would have wanted some breathing time between Platonovs, or whatever they call themselves.
In certain circumstances, they can order those decisions reversed.
“We are moving around not like human beings, but like animals.” The clashes have raised concerns over whether Mr. Kiir and Mr. Machar have enough control over their respective troops, with analysts noting that behind-the-scenes maneuvering for power might have played a hand in this weekend’s clashes.
He also evokes the varied ways in which writers and readers have ­responded to its strangely provocative white surface.
EDITORIAL WRITER (to John Sununu): Everyone was summoning Ronald Reagan in the Republican debate.
(No less than Judd Apatow is one of the three producers.)
(After years of resisting, the N.F.L.
“I thought my whole world was over, for real,” he said.
He is at just 85 pitches, but the Indians have Andrew Miller up in the bullpen and may be looking to pull the plug on Kluber early in hopes of having him as rested as possible for an expected start in Game 4.
Last year, the coalition bombed the port , damaging its cranes.
“Genuinely, I’ve thought this before.” But they all paled beside Jan Piasecki, 22, of Warsaw, who had watched every game, modeling obligations be damned.
It can be very easy to hit the wrong button and delete a message when notification alerts are popping up on your screen.
If we have clarity, the American people are with us.” Senator Christopher Murphy of Connecticut reflected the uncertainty among Democrats, who are still trying to assess the implications of a Trump administration and how to respond.
Donald J. Trump and Theresa May, the British prime minister, should take note.
But Hong Kong Disneyland has also been vexed by its relatively small size.
The program recently moved to the newly renovated U.S.A. Hockey Arena in Plymouth, Mich., with a state-of-the-art off-ice training center and two sheets of ice — an N.H.L.-size rink that seats 3,500 and an Olympic-size auxiliary rink.
Eight years ago, Rabbi Grimm supported Barack Obama, who may have sparked more excitement among idealistic voters, including herself, but that was a different political climate, she said.
Pellegrini suffered the same indignity when he was coach at Real Madrid, when Madrid gave his job to José Mourinho despite the team’s racking up a record number of wins and points under Pellegrini.
He got some “guanxi” [connections] going and gave the person in charge of rehabilitations two chickens.
“Anyone traveling more than four hours, whether by air, car, bus, or train, can be at risk for blood clots,” according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
He added, “A lot of the proposals that he’s made display either ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe and secure and prosperous and what’s required to keep the world on an even keel.” The president’s scalding characterization came before the announcement on Thursday that Mr. Trump had clinched the delegate majority for the Republican presidential nomination, according to a tally by The Associated Press.
■ Neftali Feliz, a former American League rookie of the year, and the Pittsburgh Pirates agreed to a $3.9 million, one-year contract.
Steven Mnuchin, a hedge fund financier who headed Mr. Trump’s campaign finance committee, is expected to be named Treasury secretary as soon as Wednesday.
So what if someone doesn’t like her act, or thinks she’s vulgar, gross or weird for imagining someone sexually fantasizing about Ray Bradbury?
A unit that is destined to be remembered alongside the 1985 Chicago Bears, 2000 Baltimore Ravens, and 1976 Pittsburgh Steelers, the Wade Phillips-led defensive unit was far too much for the Carolina offense to handle.
Herbs, strawberries and lettuce are growing this month.
It’s a challenge to which Mr. Armitage, in his New York debut, and Ms. Ryan rise with blissful dexterity.
One we’d had when Trayvon Martin died.
How about a chicken-tarragon potpie for dinner on Saturday night, followed by a ridiculous dark chocolate pudding for dessert?
There are lots of varieties: pale, frilly-edged Armenian; diminutive Persian; slender Japanese; English (sans shrink wrap); Kirby (not just for pickling); and the spheroid lemon, among others.
(The researchers did not quantify the causes of the injuries in this study, but past research shows that in the very young, he says, brain injuries usually result from falls, with sports becoming the primary cause in teenagers, and auto accidents the main cause among young adults.)
Last Monday, the administration just as quietly backed away, shelving any new rules for the city’s roughly 200 annual street fairs for now.
There is also Red Bank Charter School, which serves up to 195 Red Bank children from prekindergarten to eighth grade, with admission through a lottery that is now weighted toward low-income families.
“We need a laboratory on site at the Olympic Games.” Just two years ago, facing enormous pressure to have an on-site laboratory at Sochi, Mr. Reedie permitted the Russian lab to conduct testing for the Games despite suspicious test results that had prompted a WADA investigation.
Robot.” With the show returning July 13, here’s a brief refresher: Elliot, an engineer at a cybersecurity firm called Allsafe and a “vigilante hacker,” was recruited by a man known as Mr.
Prosecutors are still investigating the case.
But Mr. Cameron became so consumed with the Brexit debate — negotiating with European partners and massaging the pro-Leave minority in his parliamentary party — that he neglected to govern, critics say.
Electability was rated less highly, with only about one in eight Democrats selecting it.
“His offensive instincts and awareness have always been there.
“Crowdfunding seemed to be a natural place for us to go.
Ken Heidenreich, a spokesman for prosecutors in Munich, who took over the investigation on suspicion that the attack might have been politically motivated, said the suspect had seemed confused during his interrogation.
In 2012, New York State expanded its list of prohibited chemicals in an effort to combat so-called synthetic drugs, a category that includes K2.
Neither was Terry nor Kurt Zouma for Chelsea, as both were out injured.
“I think a lot of people who support Trump think of themselves as being disinherited.
Since Mr. de Blasio took office, the city has taken several measures intended to modify school discipline and cut the number of suspensions, which had begun to fall during Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s tenure.
How do I take the negative and how do I make it a positive?
The comments, though restrained in tone, were a preview of what aides say will be a vigorous presence by Mr. Obama in the general election.
Snapple Theater Center, 210 West 50th Street, 800-745-3000, ticketmaster.com.
But possibly the most damaging of Clinton’s attributes is, ironically, her practicality.
Felix, the reigning Olympic gold medalist in the 200 and world champion in the 400, will now have more than 13 hours between races, instead of 75 minutes under the original schedule.
THE ARTS A Critic’s Notebook article last Thursday about New York City Ballet misidentified the composer of “Explosions-Polka,” one of the pieces used in the George Balanchine ballet “Vienna Waltzes.” He was Johann Strauss II — not Franz Lehar, who composed another piece used in the ballet.
On July 4, I was driving home to Middlesboro for the holiday weekend on Highway 25.
It has belts for three, but keep it to two to keep the peace.
More than 100 workers were evacuated from the construction site and from the 18th-century building that houses the Ministry of Justice nearby, both of which are on the Place Vendôme, one of Paris’s most elegant squares and the location of many boutiques run by some of the world’s top jewelers.
Is that something, if you were president, you would you work to extend that three day?
The premise of this book can be succinctly stated: Most of what we believe is likely to be wrong.
The piece was written by Varun Sivaram of the Council on Foreign Relations and Teryn Norris , a young analyst ( featured here before ) who was most recently working for the Department of Energy.
“That’s a huge surplus they will never give back,” Mr. Riesco said.
We shot a second version of it on the roof, and it was very windy and I think they blew out all over London.
Officer Giglio, who was driving an ambulance on a special assignment, soon arrived.
Mr. LePage was spending much of the day in the town of Baileyville, 170 miles from here, near the Canadian border.
How miraculous it was that I had emerged unscathed.
Pieters said he was not afraid to travel, but the fact that the world has become a dangerous place “does cross your mind sometimes,” he said, adding, “It’s just tough to understand.
You don’t want to be slow, but I was a young man in a hurry, and sometime I’ve moved more quickly than I wish I had.
The mood was rock star, the weather toasty, the future full of machines that would anticipate your every mood and need.
This Senate has almost a full year to consider and confirm Judge Garland.
Brian Asawa, one of the world’s foremost countertenors, whose repertoire ran from the Renaissance to Rorem, died on Monday in Mission Hills, Calif.
Adapted from Philip Roth’s 2008 novel , which was inspired by his college years and set in 1951, it evokes the drabness of a time when living standards were much lower than today; anti-Semitism was pervasive; and the fear of Communism was epidemic.
(The Supreme Court, which split 4-4 on the case after Justice Antonin Scalia’s death in February, left intact the agreements’ ability to impose the labor-friendly requirement.)
After his death in 1987, mourners looted shops and set buses on fire, and the police fired on the crowds with tear gas and live ammunition.
Arizona and Utah hold presidential primaries and caucuses for both major parties today; Idaho Democrats also vote in a caucus.
“The slow pace of life we had a generation ago is over,” he said.
After being ordered to surrender, the police said the three men continued to load merchandise into a minivan, then tried to escape by driving through a metal door.
But most of these works are, in some sense, protest assemblages, most explicitly the macabre “Child” (1959-60), a tortured human figure tied to a child’s highchair and inspired by Conner’s opposition to the impending execution of the convicted sex criminal Caryl Chessman; it earned him national notoriety when it was shown in 1960 in San Francisco.
“We really get our hackles up at the idea of femininity being encouraged in girls,” she said, and that reaction itself is, she argued, “a manifestation of institutional and cultural sexism.” A former academic, she said her daughter pushed her to rethink her own fears about princesses.
Last year, the Chinese government became so embarrassed by the crass behavior that its tourism authority published a “black list” to shame offenders.
But this tradition, too, seems up for grabs.
They had no children, focusing on civic involvement and drinking wine.
“Which is kind of strange.
Mr. Perez retired from the New York City Correction Department in 2013; Mr. Vaughn retired in 2014.
He also has turned a handful of residents into local characters, people he said were camera-shy at first but came around as the videos drew more attention online.
Anna Deavere Smith’s wonderfully energizing new performance piece maps the cursed intersection of two American institutions, the school and the prison, in a racially divided nation.
I heard local people talk about warming temperatures.
Ms. Pompeo also paid tribute to Ms. Ramirez on Thursday:
After coming home one day to find Jean unconscious, John rushes her to a clinic where the doctor informs him that she needs a liver transplant and will soon die if she keeps drinking.
Here are some of the most memorable moments of the night.
Then the echolocation starts as she hunts for squid.
IRV ZUCKERMAN Rye, N.Y. To the Editor: Re “ Trump Proposes Vast Expansion of U.S. Military ” (news article, Sept. 8): Donald Trump vows to increase military spending and build a new infrastructure — both laudable goals.
As for V. S. Naipaul, when the academy telephoned him at home to let him know that he’d won the 2001 prize, he refused to come to the phone.
According to reports from industry groups and companies trying to thwart telemarketers, the telemarketing industry wastes tens of billions of dollars a year in time.
Luis, 61, said yes, and traveled down a flight, where his son handed him a thumb drive.
“Luckily it was a false alarm, but they had to take some out, and they did a bad job,” he said, explaining that it had taken him 10 months to heal from the procedure.
Taking advanced courses in both STEM subjects (physics) and the humanities — American history and language and composition — allows me to see what classes I might enjoy in college and what profession I might enjoy.
He edged out Ivan Nova, although the decision followed considerable debate within the organization.
Mr. Carlson, who also hosted a show on MSNBC from 2005 to 2008, will replace Brit Hume, who was temporarily filling in for Ms. van Susteren.
But Clay was joyously comic.
A show that changes the language of the American musical, while offering resounding evidence that this beleaguered genre is not only surviving but thriving (2:45).
With a staff that speaks Mandarin and Cantonese, daily tai chi sessions and a Chinese chef, it maintains nearly 100 percent occupancy, said Dwayne Clark, the chief executive of Aegis Living.
And his tenure as governor of Ohio, a job he entered on the heels of the recession, offered him an alluring story of economic turnaround .
I use the food mill instead of a blender — immersion or regular — because I love the texture of the soup when it’s put through the mill’s coarse blade, resulting in a flavorful, colorful mixture that you can almost chew on.
This work — which translates into music the cucumber sandwiches, the wit and the formidable Lady Bracknell (played, to delicious effect, by a bass) — is the second installment in the new opera collaboration between the Philharmonic and Lincoln Center, following the success last summer of George Benjamin’s “Written on Skin.” Wilde has long intrigued opera composers, from Richard Strauss, who had a scandalous success with “ Salome, ” to Theodore Morrison, whose “Oscar,” about the great writer’s final years, had its premiere in 2013 at the Santa Fe Opera in New Mexico.
The peaceful religion can sometimes serve as a slope into a militant anti-Western ideology, especially when this ideology offers a strong sense of belonging amid the mental discomfort of our postmodern societies.
Mr. Brown also called for a task force to devise strategies to clear the forests of deadwood.
This Sunday, the subject is punk rock, but expect it all to be G-rated, as delivered by Collin Couvillion.
“The confident subjectivity, the trust in her own insight to draw broad conclusions (few travel writers, almost by definition, are experts in the region they write about, but the best own it), the empathy, the barbed feminist asides, the moral clarity, the sharp Orwellian prose and her sense of the value of documenting a liminal place at a historical tipping point.” The stolen book included Nicolay’s “precious underlining.” He had a replacement copy sent to him for fresh underlining the following week.
Last month, he wrote an ode to a tree, “The Tree and Me,” and as with many of his compositions, sent it to his nephew Francis, with whom he has kept in frequent contact.
This should put both the landlord and the building’s insurance company on notice that should any tenants suffer injury, the letter will be used as evidence in litigation.
Two, while it makes for a tidy political narrative to say “Ferguson effect,” researchers have not pinned down the underlying mechanisms.
Michael D. Finn is a partner at the Finn Law Group in Largo, Fla., whose busy practice consists solely of helping timeshare owners walk away from their obligations.
Why If Republican leaders aim to block the biggest popular vote-getter from the nomination, it might be hard to replace him with someone who has never faced the national electorate at all in 2016.
Besides AIE-gens for biological applications, there are AIE-gens that can detect heavy metals, cyanide, explosives or harmful bacteria.
3 with “ Where or When ” in 1960.
But outside the courthouse, in the streets of Mr. Gray’s neighborhood, another theory on his death has thrived: that he was injured by the officers before he got into the van.
But beyond the rain, Desormeaux also sees a silver lining in how the race could play out.
Invited to join the faculty, he decided against doing so after several professors resigned to protest the state’s McCarthy-era requirement that they take an anti-Communist loyalty oath.
More recently, the president of Baylor University, Kenneth W. Starr, and the football coach, Art Briles, lost their positions after a damning university-commissioned report on the handling of several accusations and convictions of sex crimes levied against Baylor football players.
(APPLAUSE) Florida Senator Marco Rubio.
It isn’t just that I’m tired; it’s that my mom is tired, my nana was tired, her mom was tired (whoever she was).
That requires them to work together to get the most out of the armor, which is a problem, because they don’t like one another.
Inside, you have Flemish, Dutch, Italian — Rembrandt, Rubens, Canaletto, Jan van Huysum, Constable, so much great art that I knew it was only a matter of time until I’d need to fortify myself with, at the very least, hot chocolate.
Not once for Trump,” Norman Ornstein, the political commentator, wrote in a Twitter message, adding: “Tough to be a woman running for president.” On social media, surrogates for Mrs. Clinton began mounting a sustained attack on the anchor.
Yahoo kept showcasing its inverse Midas touch.
And so although emergency physicians write not quite 5 percent of opioid prescriptions, E.R.s have been identified as a starting point on a patient’s path to opioid and even heroin addiction.
And according to research by Sanford C. Bernstein, the investment management company, 65 percent of the cost of Burberry’s goods is incurred in euros.
I have deeply held opinions on the driving habits of others.
Protests flared in the cities of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte on Friday night over increases in bus fares, reflecting resentment over efforts by the municipal authorities to cover budget shortfalls during Brazil’s most severe economic crisis in decades.
WATER MILL “Discover Watermill Day,” art installations, performances, workshops, tours and family activities.
But the nominating contest was already virtually decided in Mr. Romney’s favor.
This is the party of Lincoln.” The Republican Party is taking a big step toward becoming the party of Trump.
“He tells me that he didn’t really care about being a big leaguer.
‘‘But I could tell his feet.
She left for Syria in March last year, but never got there because the Turkish authorities turned her back.
This week, North Korea’s Supreme Court did just that to Otto F. Warmbier , a 21-year-old American student.
But the movie also has a blunt emotional force, and glimmers of insight into the awful realities of 19th-century American slavery.
But in contrast with arrangements at the Garden, the organizers do not have to pay rent or the concessionaires.
“I like scary.”) — the hardest part of the film was pretending to be a bad dancer.
“When you win, it kind of masks a lot of things,” Harrison Barnes said before the start of the playoffs.
Mr. Rubio said the episode — in which he ridiculed the real estate developer as small-handed, orange-faced and wimpy — upset his children and was something he would not do again.
He acknowledged that it was “likely true” that the map left Republican voters worse off.
Still, the story compels with its vivid cast of flawed characters, all fighting for their own kinds of survival with their own kinds of weapons.
“‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ is one of the most revered pieces of 20th century American literature,” Mr. Sorkin said in a telephone interview.
The Obama administration has put forth nearly half a dozen major rules aimed at cutting coal pollution, and critics, who have called them a “war on coal,” have sought to block them in the courts.
It would be easy to close the door so the cat stays upstairs.
That has circumscribed Mrs. May’s room for maneuver as she seeks to court countries like India that regard easing the mobility of their citizens as a necessary condition for attaining access to their expanding markets.
While talking with Raszap, I began by asking why, if he truly wanted to go, he often skipped the jujitsu class.
Sky exclusively licenses a variety of television shows from AMC Networks, HBO and Showtime in Europe, including “Game of Thrones,” “The Walking Dead” and “The Affair.” It also broadcasts the top soccer leagues in Britain, Germany and Italy.
FREEHOLD “Of the Best Materials and Good Workmanship: 19th Century New Jersey Chairmaking.” Through July 9.
Jim McGrath, 75, the chairman of DC Tenants Advocacy Coalition, stood outside the rally holding a sign that said, “Yea, Hillary, Not Hysteria.” Mr. Sanders was “endangering the election of a very gifted woman as president of the United States with the danger of putting in a clown instead,” Mr. McGrath said, refering to Mr. Trump.
“In the morning, I would wait until I saw the lights of the Starbucks go on across the street, and Stella and I would go get coffee,” she said, pointing at her old apartment on Ninth Avenue.
Zohr and earlier big finds in places like Mozambique, Ghana and Venezuela have rewarded the effort that Mr. Descalzi, who became chief executive in 2014, has put into exploration.
She suggests doubling the simple recipe and keeping a jar in the fridge so the tea can be warmed up at a moment’s notice.
(The crossword requires a subscription, but the logic puzzles are free.)
As a Standard & Poor’s employee played by Melissa Leo replies when asked why the ratings agency didn’t insist on higher standards: “They’ll just go to Moody’s.” But like many of those responsible for the mess, credit raters largely escaped accountability.
Throughout their journey, the explorers from a self-described “master race” had to rely on indigenous tribes to survive and find their way in the jungle.
In Glacier, I snowshoed through frosty pines while fresh snow immediately erased my tracks.
Matthew T. Sanderson, a government ethics compliance lawyer who has worked on several Republican presidential campaigns, said Mr. Trump’s plan would expand so-called revolving-door restrictions.
“While the line between neutral and partisan, between dispassionate and passionate, is not easily drawn, it nonetheless exists.” Scientists who transgress that line tend to have their credibility impugned.
Bruce came to me for depression treatment at an outpatient mental health agency.
The two had gone to court earlier after Mr. Robinson was arrested in the apartment early that day for having a loaded Hi-Point .45-caliber pistol.
She wanted her friends, both food professionals, to taste it.
“It’s going to be a real hard day for us,” said Angela Rye, chief executive of the consulting firm Impact Strategies, who spoke before Mrs. Clinton.
Who will she become when she grows up?
YOU USED TO BE A MARXIST.
“The attack was carried out by three suicide bombers: The first person carried out a blast, the second one failed at his detonation, and the third terrorist was killed in shooting by the security forces,” the ministry said.
It’s a little bonding exercise to pass the hours.
“We know that this board does not care about black women,” a woman with dreadlocks tinted copper yelled from atop a chair.
Mr. Olin’s summer house has no walls at all.
She injured her knee and ankle in the fall, the police said.
But running is not usually considered to be cerebral.
Ivonne Mejías, 42, who wore a headband of yellow, blue and red, the colors of the Venezuelan flag, said the situation had become so difficult that she had not been able to bake birthday cakes for her children this year.
“Watch where you walk,” said our guide, nicknamed A.K.
According to the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, a leading compiler of global health data, there are over 850,000 deaths associated with lead exposure each year.
As Jared so delightfully phrases it to the engineering team: “You can’t help but be elegant.
STONY BROOK “Shiva Ahmad: Spheres of Suspension,” contemporary works in various media.
But it is unclear how far Mr. Valls will get.
And naturally, a wisecracking droid, speaking in the dry, sarcastic tones of the indispensable Alan Tudyk.
“We all knew last couple of years he has a big game; he has a potential if he gets it together.
In fact, they may be doing the opposite, finding something vital that is lacking in their romantic entanglements, and thus setting their standards healthily higher.
and was elected to Parliament in 2004.
It has a lavender scent, and it’s smooth and really absorbs.
As she cares for patients with AIDS, tuberculosis, scabies and maggot-filled wounds, Ensign has a child and lives with growing reluctance “within the clearly defined roles of Southern Christian white women: a sort of nurse-missionary to those suffering from inner-city poverty and homelessness, a dutiful daughter, a wife and a mother.” Though Ensign manages to avoid catching a communicable disease from her patients and even survives a needle stick that forces her to stop nursing her son until the patient could test negative for hepatitis and H.I.V., she finds she’s vulnerable to some of the same forces that ravage the lives of her patient population.
But after the Iraqi military protested, the United Nations issued a new statement saying its figures were “largely unverified” and said it would discontinue releasing casualty statistics for the military.
Over this same period, The Upshot’s state models estimated that Mrs. Clinton’s vote margin went up by an average of about a half percentage point.
■ His 59 points shattered his previous career high, 43.
The negative tenor of Mr. Trump’s campaign clearly had a significant impact in states where Democratic Party leaders failed to recruit high-wattage candidates for some winnable seats.
‘‘The King of Cartoons was black!’’ Reubens says.
HAMILTON “Rooted,” a visual art exhibit about trees and their relationship to plant, animal and human life.
In all, he netted an estimated 57 delegates to Mr. Trump’s 71.
We dance for my sweet friend Kate Spencer, a cis dyke in New York City who ended her long struggle with depression this week.
One treaty gave the canal to Panama through a series of steps concluding in 1999.
The witch-hunt environment that has enveloped Turkey in the wake of a failed military coup extended to the news media on Monday, as the government issued warrants for the detention of dozens of journalists.
As the stories of the cellist and Petra draw closer, Jonathan tries to make sense of his own part in the drama: “Maybe I came in alone, wet from the river, maybe I had found this place, this empty hell or heaven.
He recently visited what he called “a mind-blowingly authentic” Scottish castle and wedding site, Mount Stuart .
Intelligence agencies were also eager buyers; the Compass was marketed as a kind of sexy, high-tech device that might appeal to James Bond.
To entice retirees, household goods can be imported tax-free.
The affected vehicles, which also include 2012-14 Dodge Chargers and Chrysler 300s, use an unconventional lever to shift the automatic transmission.
He said he was worried about Mrs. Clinton’s trustworthiness, given that she had set up a private email server as secretary of state.
Mr. Correa on Wednesday also announced several short-term tax changes to help Ecuador recover.
The art dealer Larry Gagosian and the royal family of Qatar both believe Picasso’s plaster bust of his muse Marie-Thérèse Walter is theirs.
The United States has used the base to launch airstrikes against the Islamic State.
” is many things — a baseball caper, a sex farce, a campus romance, a campus bromance — but the film’s real claim to distinction may be that it’s the least suspenseful ticking-clock movie ever.
Everybody is learning their stories.
“They’re the best team in the N.H.L.
Shortly after taking over Valsuani, Mr. Benatov says he discovered an entirely new set of 74 plaster sculptures by Degas, including a “Little Dancer.” These plasters and the bronzes Mr. Benatov later made from them are the subject of the controversy.
Inside the machine is a series of gears and metal plates that exert 8,000 pounds of pressure on packs of chopped fruits and vegetables.
The absurdity of it all is reinforced by more workaday essentials — automobile dashboards, a wood pallet, a wheelbarrow tray — also rendered useless by tile.
That’s why we present denim as part of a complete look.” Lonsdale trades the typically dark, industrial shop model — where jeans are usually stacked floor-to-ceiling — for something altogether lighter, freer, more finessed.
Norman, Okla., Regional Hospital Authority, $157.7 million of hospital revenue refinancing bonds.
“During a period when flash-in-the-pan, one-hit-wonder teen idols often ruled the charts, Bobby Vee was a consistently reliable chart-topping singer,” Robert Reynolds wrote in his book “The Music of Bobby Vee,” published this year.
That complaint trailed him to Dallas, where he appeared on Tuesday at a memorial for the five police officers killed by a sniper last week.
A diffident literature student (Betty Schneider) finds herself enmeshed in two plots — that of “Pericles” and the intrigue surrounding the mysterious death of an exile from Franco’s Spain.
Onscreen the two had an almost father-son relationship, though they did not always appear together; episodes tended to feature one or the other in alternate weeks.
We spoke with some top scientists who study sugar and its effects on metabolic health to help answer some common questions about sugar.
The Los Angeles-based designer and owner Steve Hermann (who’s worked on homes for Vera Wang and Larry Ellison) is the mind behind the four-acre property.
Below the window there would be a bicycle.
Jikke would often come by for dinner.
“Decisions that the U.S. makes with respect to NATO policy, for example, would be part of your experience if you move to say, a NATO country.” (Canada is one of the founding members of NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.)
A. Gail Prudenti, a former chief administrative judge of New York State, officiated.
Ms. Lee said the agency has already completed much of the training that was recommended in the report.
The widening application of antiterrorism laws related to speech extends beyond Spain, however, as countries across Europe struggle to balance civil liberties and security in the aftermath of two major terrorist attacks in Paris last year.
Promoting democratic values and supporting fledgling democracies has been a hallmark of our partnership.
And he lashed out at Mr. Heck for being behind an advertising campaign that blamed Ms. Cortez Masto for a rise in violent crime even though the state attorney general in Nevada has little to do with local law enforcement.
About 30,000 live and work in New York City, officials say.
If Republicans and Democrats work together to shift our focus in criminal justice and the president requests a robust increase in funding for legal services, we can again make good on the promise of equality and access to justice in our courtrooms.
Adam Henrique scored 44 seconds into overtime to give the Devils a 2-1 victory in Dallas.
They will pledge a joint goal of generating 50 percent of North America’s electricity from zero-carbon sources by 2025, up from 37 percent today.
Mao used his most seasoned troops in Tibet.
• Facebook’s Marketplace, a section of its app that allows users to buy and sell items, got off to a rough start this week.
A post-familial society may unleash tribal competition within the coalition of the diverse, as people reach anew for ethnic solidarity and then fight furiously over liberalism’s spoils.
“With the Obama years, particularly under John Kerry,” he added, referring to the current secretary of state, “we’ve often seen compromise and bending as a first principle.
The important lesson for American skeptics is that the policy worked as advertised, Eduardo Porter writes in the Economic Scene.
Also on the property is a two-story workshop with inside parking for one car.
‘Les Misérables’ The celebrated musical about that hard-luck bread-stealer is back — again (2:50).
“Vertically challenged,” was the headline on a research note by the analyst Craig Moffett, a play on the term “vertical integration,” where a company combines with a customer, rather than a competitor.
“I’m coming in with the attitude that I’ll be ready no matter what.
David Raymond, the original Phillie Phanatic, said of Giannoulas, “He just created actual entertainment for the fans, and did it in a way that was just spontaneous, interactive and unrehearsed.” Erin Blank, the owner of Keystone Mascots and a former Detroit Tigers and Washington Capitals mascot, added, “We wouldn’t be doing what we do today if it wasn’t for him.” Giannoulas’s business model was always to go where a laugh was appreciated.
But even this was problematic for the rabbi at Klaas’s farm, who answered my question with a question: If kosher rules are so important, he asked, why apply these laws to only one harvest?
Mr. O’Malley took out a loan last year to help prop up his floundering campaign, and had already stopped paying many of his senior and junior aides since moving them to Iowa.
“It really changes the perception of how people look at cloning,” said Charles Long , a scientist who studies artificial reproduction at Texas A&M University and was not involved in the study.
The global sell-off in stocks started in China, where the main Shanghai index dropped 3.6 percent on Friday.
After returning to his hometown in 1946, he found work as an assistant at an engineering company and began making lighters and loom switches out of military scrap.
Wachtell Lipton, like many firms that cater to Wall Street clients, can compete for these headline-grabbing cases by hiring some of the same prosecutors who investigated the banks.
Another blast of static is followed by a close-up of a dead black calf lying in the snow, its eye a brilliant, chemical blue.
Bastardo, 30, held up much better for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
They have long been treated as second-class citizens, were hunted by the Taliban regime and, over the past year, increasingly targeted by Afghanistan’s offshoot of the Islamic State because of their Shiite beliefs.
To publicize the fight between Hardy and Vincent, the fighters and promoters accentuated the very thing Team U.S.A. was trying to suppress.
It’s racism through and through — and a pox on America.
They had their first kiss after a long conversation in her backyard.
Borrowing in the category thatincludes auto and student loans increased $11.6 billion last month.
And then there is Westbrook, who is on pace for 35 of them this season.
I was comfortable exploring where it might lead.
Ms. Merkel now stands accused by a new chorus of critics of not only betraying her ideals on immigration but also of jeopardizing core European values, as the costs of doing business with Mr. Erdogan become painfully clearer by the week.
“The Democrats are more focused on protecting the mosquito than they are protecting people,” he said.
Mr. Mary spoke to journalists after he and Mr. Abdeslam met with a Belgian magistrate who was to decide whether to issue a formal arrest warrant against Mr. Abdeslam, who is accused of playing a key role in the Nov. 13 attacks on a concert, cafes and a stadium that killed 130 people.
” A look at assets held by Macedonia’s governing party, the conservative VMRO-DPMNE.
It was eliminated when Baltusrol’s board of governors, reacting to criticism that the Old Course had too many short par-4 holes, decided in December 1915 to replace the existing Nos.
Activities revolve around nature, including bird-watching and stargazing, and regional traditions such as gathering clams, making pottery or baking bread with the grandmother in the home’s original wood-fired oven.
The Queens district attorney’s office said it had upgraded the charges to include the single count of first-degree murder, which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison without parole, because the episode is believed to have been “the intentional killing of two individuals during the same transaction.” “The defendant’s alleged actions strike at the very heart of our county’s Muslim community,” the district attorney, Richard A.
And after learning that she was alive, why did he keep her existence a secret while apparently paying to keep her in a group home?
“I guess I will slow down and say hi first,” she said.
A number of them digitize your photos in other countries, so it can take weeks to get your images back.
The Central and Victoria Line trains will run about every 10 minutes between 12:30 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. on Saturday and Sunday, serving 51 stations.
There are, of course, vast differences in style, policy and ideology between the Castro brothers and Mr. Cruz.
And it might not have happened without the active backing of the world’s chemical companies , which are disrupting their own businesses to fight climate change.
But when I spent most of a day this week hanging around it, the scathing reactions of passers-by proved the adage that everyone is a comedian.
Daniel would stay by the bridge in case they materialized.
In addition to recruiting at women’s institutions and community groups, Ms. Martinez visits schools where girls make up most of the student body.
A compromise was offered: Tara could return to Alexandria with a guide, as possibly the first step in opening diplomatic relations between the two settlements.
In the Syracuse area, to which the state has directed millions to help revitalize the local economy, he frequently worked with COR, a major developer that has received millions in state funds for multiple projects.
“Otherwise it is going to be very hard to win a majority of House seats in the districts as currently configured.” When Democrats recaptured the House in 2006, they did so thanks in part to the success of candidates in regions of the country — western North Carolina, for example — where they can scarcely compete now because of their liberal identity, redistricting and the country’s growing polarization.
Then you get to the checkout lanes and they are brimming with shoppers.
Eric took his family to a displaced-persons camp next to the police station, but there was no food, so they left.
It comes in four sizes, the largest more than three feet tall — ideal for a tree.
It’s important to recognize, though, that this was a study of Medicare patients, all of whom arguably have more flexibility in terms of hospitals and doctors than those with private insurance.
From the moment he arrived, he was thrust into the N.H.L.’s most competitive goaltending logjam.
It took two days to get to the village of Wuba, where friends hid them for two weeks, and then another week to make it to this town, where the United Nations has set up a refugee camp populated primarily by the women and children Boko Haram has driven from their homes.
The office’s most visible relics, however, reflect its golden history.
In Wisconsin, the law went into effect immediately, over the objections of labor leaders, who argued that the measure was meant to weaken their power and would lower workers’ wages.
In three days, I played three of the best D.F.S.
Mr. Cruz and he played croquet together, and on Thursday mornings, Mr. Cruz struggled through doubles matches with the tennis-loving chief and his two other clerks.
“It probably hasn’t looked as good since 1966,” said Adam D. Weinberg, the Whitney’s director, referring to the year the Breuer building was completed.
A basket in the living room holds pillows for tossing on the floor when the family watches television together.
In 2009, Mannatech struck a separate settlement with the Texas attorney general, who had accused the company of illegal marketing schemes that preyed upon the sick and unsuspecting.
He is a free agent after the season and might have played his last game with the Orioles.
But while a man’s bank account is personal, a woman’s body is public.
What’s a birthday without balloons?!
And Mr. McInerney said that the rump company would return virtually all of the remaining cash and continue to work on selling the patents.
I let the phone go silent.
The Manhattan district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr., a Democrat, is one potential partner.
“We are not so sure in the Netherlands whether we want to give the multinationals so much power.
Meal and show is $59 to $84.
2, as was the plan, I thought maybe he thought I already had dropped out.
He fought the good fight but he took his last breath in 2002.
Gradually, Mr. Radikon began to pare away the trappings of modernity.
One of the more popular farms is Skuna Bay, off the coast of Vancouver Island, which has spacious, glacier-fed pens and a 14-point quality check to make sure that its fish have lush red gills, intact silver scales and thick, muscular bellies.
The Omran picture delivers a shock to the conscience but also strikes a balance between delivering a sharp message and being too difficult to view.
A 15-year-old girl died on Friday afternoon after she tried to jump from one rooftop to another in Midtown Manhattan and fell five stories, the police said.
The state cannot oblige homeowners to upgrade their buildings unless there are obvious reasons to intervene.
Clinical trials have not shown, however, that controlling high blood pressure with drugs or lifestyle changes can prevent cognitive problems.
So do other cases The Times encountered while investigating the fate of those corpses, including unclaimed bodies that had been mistakenly buried in mass graves this year, only to be dug back up again months later because they had been entitled to private graves.
But it is late September and the hard truth is that, in the waning days of a season, resolve does not count for as much as victories do.
NATE CHINEN The first Pokémon dis track comes from the veteran dancehall artist Mr. Vegas, who told LargeUp.com that the sight of grown men playing Pokémon Go and news of fatalities related to the game drove him straight to the studio.
Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The Run-Up” and select it from the list of results.
“We wanted to give him some space and make him feel comfortable,” Sergeant MacDonnell said.
The leaked emails of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta, revealed how easily hackers fooled intelligent political operatives with phishing attacks.
Therefore, Mrs. Clinton probably stole the election.
Brown, the Queens district attorney, said in a statement.
“They don’t want a black president,” said Willie Mae Burrell, 90, who attended segregated schools as a child and once worked as a cook on the same Havana, Ala., farm where her mother picked cotton.
Last year, the National Association of Realtors published a national survey that asked home buyers to rank important features when house hunting.
Accidents were less frequent for a while after the crane collapse because of increased safety measures and a postrecession construction slowdown, but as real estate has boomed in recent years, the number of injuries and fatalities has risen sharply .
He’s fantastic, incidentally, on “Some Children,” which was one of the many addictive moments on this duo’s self-titled debut; the follow-up, “Dynamics,” released in 2013, was a more atmospheric effort.
no longer willing to cover those premiums and the International Ice Hockey Federation unable to cover the cost by itself, the governing bodies are reaching out to all parties involved to find a resolution.
This is an outdated accusation.
Researchers have been astonished to discover that the average mustelid is like a fur-covered furnace, its metabolic rate exceeding not only that of other carnivorous mammals but also that of its twitchy, ever-gnawing rodent prey.
There have been armed good guys present at a number of America’s horrific mass shootings.
The declines might reflect investors’ belief that it will be harder for the banks to make profits in the future, particularly if Brexit leads to a recession.
United Nations agencies commonly dole out money to big Western nongovernmental organizations, or NGOs, which subcontract to local NGOs.
In the suit, Mr. Schulman is mentioned as the source of the information.
In China, most traffic laws are taken as suggestions (cars blithely reverse down highways when they miss exits and occasionally use sidewalks as an extra lane) and on highways, slow moving, big vehicles like that street sweeper are not uncommon.
She said she had no information to indicate that the death was the result of anything other than natural causes, and declined to comment further.
(Smith) ★ ‘A FEAST OF ASTONISHMENTS: CHARLOTTE MOORMAN AND THE AVANT-GARDE, 1960S-1980S’ (through Dec. 10) The artist Charlotte Moorman (1933-91) was a classically trained cellist who became a catalytic figure in the international avant-garde.
Ottawa Senators forward Chris Neil has amassed more than 2,500 penalty minutes in his 15-year N.H.L.
In truth, television and movies have influenced so much.
Saying “the white race is the cancer of human history,” even at a moment of outrage over the Vietnam War, hardly burnished her reputation as a serious thinker.
As anti-Islamic rhetoric and discrimination surges this presidential election year, the Justice Department is emerging as a bulwark for embattled American Muslims.
“It’s a tough issue,” he said.
After a quick hug and hello, we went outside to a balcony overlooking the water.
Mother Bendita said she would like to hear from the thieves who took it.
Congress has mandated that the office produce and make public the reports on so-called recidivism by former detainees.
“I’m the only senior who hasn’t done it, but now I guess I have to,” he said.
The piece, directed by Adriano Cortese at the New Ohio Theater, begins on a mostly bare stage, as a man played by Patrick Moffatt discusses what he’s done for love.
And as part of his training, he jumped out of an airplane and he lost his two front teeth.
PG: Was the tenuousness of your lives as girls, whether material or emotional, what sent you into the world with such gusto?
For the first time in her life, Heaven has her own bed.
But I believe that poems are meant to be a part of our lives.
Reforms have since begun, a tribute to the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division’s Special Litigation Section, which carried out the investigation and demanded wholesale changes.
But they made up a smaller share of the Democratic electorate Monday than they did in 2008, when 57 percent of Democratic caucus attendees were first-timers energized by the candidacy of Barack Obama.
That means that the attackers were largely radicalized here and that halting the flow of refugees would have almost no effect.
“Things like uploading images take up a lot of time, and if the Internet keeps going down or the electricity keeps breaking — these are the kinds of obstacles we live with,” said Nana Oforiatta Ayim, a Ghanian writer and filmmaker whose Cultural Encyclopedia website project, funded by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, was introduced at the end of last year.
For many people, and especially opponents of President-elect Donald J. Trump, the attention paid to fake news and its role in the election has provided a small relief, the discovery of the error that explains everything.
He had a bitter falling out with his former teacher, Rabbi Lieberman, who, in a posthumously published review of Professor Neusner’s Jerusalem Talmud, took the editor and translator to task for “ignorance of rabbinic Hebrew, of Aramaic grammar, and above all of the subject matter with which he deals,” pronouncing the work for “for the waste basket.” Professor Neusner fired back with several articles and, in 1994, a scathing book, “Why There Never Was a ‘Talmud of Caesarea’: Saul Lieberman’s Mistakes.” Professor Neusner is survived by his wife, the former Suzanne Richter; three sons, Samuel, Eli and Noam; a daughter, Margalit Neusner; and nine grandchildren.
Anthony did not hesitate with his next move, a powerful, two-handed, overhead pass back across the court to Arron Afflalo (14 points), who nailed an open 3-pointer to give the Knicks a 4-point lead.
In a statement last week, she said she was distancing herself from certain aspects of her company in order to “broaden her efforts to take a stance on issues of critical importance to American women and families.” Which policies will Mr. Trump pursue to directly address the needs of working and working-class families?
In Pennsylvania, Maryland and Connecticut — the three primary states where exit polling was conducted on Tuesday — Democrats were most likely to say that the next president should mostly continue Mr. Obama’s policies.
By late September, I’d logged 98 mornings in my journal.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, 212-239-6200, shearmadness.com.
The group will spend another $100,000 or so in the first year to expand its testing program.
Gail : Unity isn’t always a plus.
Many organizations are running a cost-per-contact model, which limits the time agents can be on the phone with you, hence the agony of round-robin transfers and continually being placed on hold, said Justin Robbins, who was once a tech support agent himself and now oversees research and editorial at ICMI.
“Even if you are the prime minister, you cannot choose both.” His comments prompted widespread criticism on social media and the creation of the popular hashtag #Ichoosefish.
Mr. Shkreli has argued that Daraprim was such a small-selling drug that the price increase would not affect the health care system, and that the company would help with co-payments and take other steps to make sure that no patient would be denied the drug.
“Why do you know this?
“We’re confident and ready to compete,” Allen said.
In January, he sent me a photo of the boiled grass and weeds he’d eaten for dinner.
To see vast oceans, immense deserts and mountain ranges from so high up is both humbling and inspiring.
Of course, Mrs. Clinton, should she prevail in the primary campaign, has plenty of repair work left to do: wooing the thousands of liberal supporters whose feelings of alienation with the Democratic establishment drew them to Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont .
Digital ingenuity has also proved to be an asset for start-ups trying to break through the noise of social media to build an engaged base of donors who are also willing to serve as marketers.
Shortly after 11 p.m., Mr. Washington got curious about the party for Ms. Willoughby on the 15th floor.
Devils at Blues, 8 p.m. (MS+2).
“For the banks getting TARP money,” Mr. Binder said, referring to the Troubled Asset Relief Program to bail out Wall Street, “the optics of spending lots of money on the circus were bad.” When financial institutions rebounded, however, the money did not come back, illuminating the extent to which philanthropy in New York is dependent upon the migrating tastes of a single industry.
“Enough is enough,” he thundered.
Pero el escape de Guzmán, en 2014, de la cárcel más segura de México obligó al gobierno de Peña Nieto a replantear su estrategia.
Maserati’s Levante will eventually offer a plug-in hybrid system adapted from the new Chrysler Pacifica minivan.
“One of the most striking things I heard was when a community member said that with each building torn down, she feels a little more vulnerable.
Half of his supporters on Tuesday identified themselves as moderates or liberals – far higher than for any other Republican candidate.
Trinity Forest Golf Course, a new site in Dallas that will host the Byron Nelson PGA tournament in 2019, also features Zeon Zoysia.
How can we listen better than we are being listened to?
After an extended ovation, Ms. Ripa, standing in a red sleeveless jumpsuit, addressed the crowd.
He’s 22 years old, a working man with a diploma, yet abled people always seem to have one inability: to see him as anything but a kid.
And those problems might only be the beginning.
“We missed him quite a bit,” said Devils Coach John Hynes, who is in his second season with the team.
“You’re going to remember Nov. 8 because your country is going to be a country that starts winning again.”
Since then, more than 400 people have died, with thousands wounded and tens of thousands arrested in a campaign marked by the “lethal force” of the Ethiopian security forces, according to a new report by Human Rights Watch .
LAURA COLLINS-HUGHES STAR TURN In Adam Bock’s play “A Life,” Laura Jellinek’s what-the-heck living-room set slowly and creakily rotated vertically — furniture, wall and all — not once, but twice.
Sept. 11 at 1 p.m. Free.
But these broad trends leave lots of room for individual differences that matter in the real world, and that are often papered over when we talk about millennials as a monolithic collective.
This white chair held together with duct tape must have a story.
“Let there be no doubt, while I strongly disagree with the court’s decision, I accept it.” The frenzied battle over a few hundred votes had spawned intense anger across the country — but it had been resolved “as it must be resolved, through the honored institutions of our democracy.” Mr. Gore’s concession that night still stands as the most powerful reaffirmation in modern times of the Supreme Court’s unique and fragile role in the American system of government.
“It just speaks to how little we know about African-American women of that era, how little visual imagery there is,” said Stephanie McCurry , a history professor at Columbia University.
And Mr. Walker on Wednesday posted a photograph of himself with Mr. Ryan on Twitter, saying,“We stand with Paul Ryan!” Mr. Walker did not respond to a question about Mr. Trump but said in an email that “Paul Ryan will win because he is totally in touch with his district.” Mr. Priebus, a Wisconsin native, is also said to be livid over Mr. Trump’s remarks about Mr. Ryan and debating the best way to demonstrate his solidarity with Mr. Ryan, from a formal endorsement to an email publicly stating his support, said three people with knowledge of Mr. Priebus’s internal discussions.
Sherry Mason, a teacher from Ontario, spoke for many readers when she tweeted: Proud to be Canadian.
“We’ve realized that it is what it is,” he said, “and we’re the ones that are going to be responding to that.”
George Takei (“Star Trek,” duh!)
Mr. Denton’s personal wealth includes $3.6 million in equity in a New York City condominium.
He started 83 percent of the team’s games last season.
Ms. Shah’s presentations are neater but no less fervid.
But in some ways, the most disturbing moment of the recording transpires when Bush and Trump descend from the bus.
In the television industry, Mr. Shine’s promotion was taken as a sign that Rupert Murdoch, who is now executive chairman of Fox News, does not intend a full-scale removal of people who worked closely with Ailes.
One night, we treated a child caught in an explosion who had the bone shards of obliterated bystanders embedded in his skin.
“It’s about the kids never picking them up to begin with.” But such attention doesn’t last long, which contributes to the false impression that such actions are rare.
We in the Ahmadiyya Muslim community condemn the Orlando shootings in the strongest terms and show our solidarity with the families of the victims.
There are also things about them that would never make sense now that you can appreciate on their own terms, like the fabulous silver-leaf ceiling outside the elevator banks in Durham.
“We have options to go in different directions,” said Tad Devine, the campaign’s Washington-based senior adviser and media consultant, who said top advisers had planned to gather and weigh the question Wednesday.
Sure, they argue, incumbents will be disrupted, but in their stead will be bigger, stronger competitors in winner-take-all markets.
I thought I should speak to the vice chancellor.
“He’s better player than me, definitely,” Monfils said.
Ninety percent of the employees are transit users.
Medicine is not regulated by the federal government, so these changes would need to be made on the state level.
But considering his consistent quality production on the field, his durability despite enduring numerous lingering injuries over the years, and his relatively young age, Johnson would immediately enter the discussion as one of the best young players ever to walk away.
But nearly all have followed the same path of naming inflation: from normal school to teachers college to college to university.
Or does the idea that it’s safer to let Trump “rent” the party than to cede it to Cruz actually have purchase outside of a few donors and consultants?
“The bulb was already there.
He drives a Volvo and serves his wine in expensive Finnish glasses.
One brokerage house is predicting a third or more of American oil producers and those heavily invested in fracking will go bankrupt, and soon Saudi Arabia and OPEC will be back in the driver’s seat.
Heyward, a three-time Gold Glove winner, even scaled the wall, hoping to get away.
A few years back, the heavy-equipment manufacturer JCB held a job fair in the glass foyer of its sprawling headquarters near here, but when a throng of prospective employees learned the next step would be drug testing, an alarming thing happened: About half of them left.
The new boxed set is the latest archival release from Mr. Dylan, after “ The Basement Tapes Complete ” (six CDs) and “ The Cutting Edge 1965-1966 ” (up to 18 CDs), that have been gobbled up by fans.
MORRISTOWN Valentine’s Day Extravaganza, performance by Folk Project members.
Changing the figures will have no effect on Diamond’s compliance with the terms of its credit agreements, the company said.
As a result, as Hannah-Jones states, “New York City public schools are among the most segregated in the country.” The countless minority children who were and are being denied the educational opportunities provided to racially and economically privileged children should be entitled to reparations.
A post-election autopsy with Bob Woodward; a literary round-table with Ta-Nehisi Coates, Jennifer Egan and Don DeLillo; and a friendly face-off between the ideas-guys Michael Lewis and Malcolm Gladwell will be among the highlights of the 92nd Street Y’s 2016-2017 season.
the default choice, rather than requiring people to opt in, or asking supermarkets not to put racks of candy right near the registers.
Like Kirk himself (who called Henry Adams “the zenith of American civilization,” Eric Voegelin “the most influential historian of our century” and Bradbury 20th-century America’s “best prose fiction” writer), Birzer is given to flinging around superlatives.
The states hit by Hurricane Matthew are going to expect exactly the same.
The agency, the Transportation Security Administration , has until March 4 to provide the House Oversight Committee with documents detailing how it awards bonuses to top agency officials.
One roommate then left for his hometown, so was able to tell Mrs. Hsu later by phone what had happened after the rest of the group, including Hsu Zhihua, went into the apartment building.
Nguyen Ngoc Thuy, a former colleague of Mrs. Ngo’s at Voice of Vietnam, the state broadcaster where she worked for decades, confirmed her death in a telephone interview on Tuesday and said she had been treated for liver ailments.
She takes comfort in her dog, Cassie, a Labrador-golden retriever mix.
When he misses a shot, he sometimes talks to himself in the third person.
For the last decade, both Toro Rosso and Red Bull have belonged to the Red Bull energy drink company, which used the weaker Toro Rosso team as a training ground for its young drivers who aimed to rise to the Red Bull team.
In an exchange with Jake Sullivan over trouble sending a classified document by fax, Mrs. Clinton instructed her aide to remove the headings and send it.
Did Donald Trump say the word “win” a few times too many?
(Want to get this briefing by email?
As do the actual NASA employees who appear onscreen, unwitting dupes of Mr. Johnson and his crew, who schmoozed their way into the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in Texas under the guise of making a documentary.
“We don’t sweep murder cases under the rug, but we have for decades been sweeping rape cases under the rug,” Ms. Speier said in an interview Wednesday night.
Although China ratified the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, guaranteeing unimpeded passage on the high seas for trade, fishing and oil exploration, it has refused to participate in the Philippine case.
features the fine Christian Camargo as the titular prince, who faces a barrage of ill fortune on the high seas (2:45).
It’s that certain kinds of stimulus work better than others.
Max blames Sam’s absence (she had to travel for an acting gig), and Sam asks Max how she thinks food gets on the table.
But even more responsibility falls on Fisher, whose job is to coax the best from them — especially when they showed so much promise not so long ago.
this season, receives $6 million in total earnings, just above his teammates Andrea Pirlo ($5.9 million) and David Villa ($5.6 million).
Hollywood teems with pompous self-appointed kings ruling their fiefs as they see fit.
Ms. Chow recently worked closely with a manufacturer in Ohio to help create mass-market versions of three signature Mr. Chow sauces.
They hunger for an unapologetic brand of conservatism that would confront rather than acquiesce to the political establishment — sentiments that have been amplified by conservative talk radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh and commentators like Ann Coulter, whose verbal broadsides influence the party’s agenda.
“Queer and gay culture has been so widely co-opted and incorporated into mainstream popular culture that it can feel commonplace, embraced by default,” Jenna Wortham wrote in The New York Times.
The result is a record — at times uneven — of a particular period in African photography.
Mr. Carhart, a production manager in the department of drama, theater and dance at Queens College, said that after he completes his mission he hopes the Hall of Fame accepts the ball and his photos as part of its permanent collection.
Wells Fargo fell $1.23, or 2.5 percent, to $47.71 after the consumer banking giant reported a drop in second-quarter earnings.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; weekends, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Yale University Art Gallery, 1111 Chapel Street.
So before subjecting yourself to the misery of sleeping outside Best Buy, consider staying home and watching the deals roll out on the web.
Ms. Henson says salaries for engineers and other high-skilled workers average $87,500 and top out at roughly $133,000.)
Best known for its bruising 15-year tussle with Argentina over defaulted sovereign bonds, it regularly threatens proxy fights against companies that do not bow to its demands — although it rarely has to follow through with them.
Buying the cereal makers Kellogg or General Mills without acquiring excessive debt would require a more manageable $12 billion and $22 billion of equity.
This exhibition explores engineering conundrums and courtroom battles and tells the story of the sewer system through photographs, drawings and maps.
Of all the ballet troupes who have visited the Koch in recent years, none looks so truly and completely a company.
Some energy analysts say the proposed acquisition is at least as much about helping Mr. Musk’s personal investments as furthering his green agenda, while others have questioned the wisdom of taking on a complicated transaction just as Tesla is beginning production at its huge battery factory in Nevada and preparing to bring its first moderately priced car to market.
Finally, it was an experience that evokes the Willy Wonka flair the museum creators sought.
Mr. Santos’s other prime-time credits included appearances as police lieutenants on “Hardcastle and McCormick,” an action series that starred Brian Keith, and “Magnum, P.I.,” starring Tom Selleck as a laid-back detective in Hawaii.
But in trying to be too many things to too many people, he won over too few.
In doing so, he’s written a potent, hallucinatory novel that leaves us with a devastating understanding of the terrible human costs of slavery.
[ Read about “Hamilton” making history with 16 Tony nominations | See photos of the nominated shows ] Bright Star Hamilton School of Rock — The Musical Shuffle Along, or, the Making of the Musical Sensation of 1921 and All That Followed Waitress Eclipsed The Father The Humans King Charles III Thoughts from Lupita Nyong’o, Sara Bareilles and other nominees.
This proposal is realistic and legal, but is it moral?
And we don’t have enough young healthy people in the exchanges.”
We got a lot of high-fives on the way here.
Well, it’s been an ongoing conversation for a long time, and so it should be.
“We want to illuminate the shoreline as the tide goes out, inviting the public to appropriate that space at low tide.
But in the last few months it has improved more and more.
“No reasonable prosecutor” would bring a case against Hillary Clinton for her handling of classified information as secretary of state, the F.B.I.’s director said today.
He “loves the undereducated.” He’s a working-class hero to the angry white masses who flock to his rallies.
And sure enough, there in that first festival was Brahms’s “A German Requiem” writ large, in a performance by Daniel Harding and the Staatskapelle Dresden.
Mr. Kohl’s government nominated Mr. Tietmeyer to the Bundesbank’s board in 1990, and he became president three years later.
Misery loves company and all that.
“Stripe has been widely misunderstood as a low-margin payments company.”
A Washington Post headline summed it up succinctly: “Once the hope candidate, Obama in his final days faces a hopeless electorate.” So when I found myself in Chicago, awash in positive emotions at the miracle of baseball in October, I couldn’t get enough.
Just in 2015, Mr. Da Frassini said, he invested about $90,000 to build fences, instead of buying new technology for the cellar.
It lost its 108-year lease on the Cubs last week when that beleaguered team finally smashed enough baseballs over enough walls.
Young professionals came and Stur took off, inspiring others to open cafes nearby.
As the national response lags, experts warn that the flooding is putting the country’s defense at risk.
“Even a casual mention or a nod of agreement or an assertion left unchallenged can be interpreted in different ways.” Danielle Brian of the Project on Government Oversight said that regardless of what was discussed at the meeting, it was inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be present at a private meeting among such a small group of people given that she is an executive at a corporation involved in international business development.
This year, there will also be an exhibition celebrating the influence of the Tokyo firm Nendo and a new feature called Collective Concept, with presentations by talents like Apparatus, Lindsey Adelman and Fort Standard.
Instead of retreating, however, the dogged Presbyterian minister teamed up with a suburban Republican state senator, Clarence Lexow, marshaled evidence of officially sanctioned vice, and started a decontamination crusade that resonates today in echoes of police brutality and corruption, income inequality, restricted immigration, vote suppression, links between evangelicals and politics and, as Professor Czitrom writes, “the nation’s profound fear and distrust of New York City.” In “New York Exposed: The Gilded Age Police Scandal That Launched the Progressive Era” (Oxford University Press, $27.95), the author describes the Lexow Committee as the first in a cycle of police investigations, perhaps the one that exposed the most pervasive corruption (nearly half the force’s captains were implicated) and brought about the least immediate reform (virtually all the criminal cases against the police collapsed).
“What I’m trying to do there is to institutionalize a system where we begin to hold ourselves accountable for this different kind of national security threat and these different kinds of operations,” he said.
Revenue fell 5.2 percent to $9.63 billion, but American more than offset the decline with savings of nearly $1.1 billion — 41 percent — on jet fuel.
In the first, Hrabal — one of the great prose stylists of the 20th century; the scourge of state censors; the gregarious bar hound and lover of gossip, beer, cats and women (in roughly that order) — slipped from a window while feeding birds at the hospital where he was being treated for arthritis.
Archbishop Tobin, whose formal title is now cardinal-designate, is replacing Archbishop John J. Myers, a conservative who is among a small minority of American prelates who announced long ago that Catholic politicians who support abortion rights should not receive Holy Communion.
And I can say with clinical accuracy that for the first time in my life, as the far bigger American squad asserted its writ and the game slipped away from Argentina, I saw men trying to pull their hair out.
Ms. Duke joined Wells Fargo’s board in 2015 and is a member of the bank’s credit, finance and risk committees.
Other European nations are not going to take significant quotas: There’s scant democratic support for the right and ethical thing to do.
As the man was being escorted away, Mr. Trump repeatedly told the crowd that he wished for the “old days,” adding, “You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this?
‘Twinkle Tames a Dragon: The Musical’ (Saturday and Sunday) If you think a puppy can be obstreperous, imagine what a mischievous little dragon can do.
Later, Lane sinks into a mortal decline.
Father Criscitelli took over in 2002.
The message is that we are one under the same sun.
department or to the legal department.” When asked whom Ms. Carlson complained to about sexual harassment other than Mr. Ailes, Ms. Smith said: “We are not going to try the case here.
One day in January 2015, at around 1 a.m., two male Stanford graduate students from Sweden who were riding bicycles spotted Turner, then a 19-year-old freshman, on top of a woman behind a Dumpster outside the Kappa Alpha fraternity house on campus.
The play, set during the Liberian Civil War, is the first Broadway play with an all-female black cast and creative team.
“He has started off in the 70ties purchasing run-down apartment buildings in New York, in order to refurbish and sell them off,” noted one memo from 2007, shortly after the firm had started to handle the family’s investment accounts.
Worth revisiting if it’s been a while since you’ve seen it or his other great 1980s comedy “Coming to America.” ‘Waking Life’ Stoned or just super philosophical?
Faced with a Republican president-elect willing to draw hard lines on immigration, policing and funding for social programs, Mayor Bill de Blasio in a formal address on Monday drew some of his own, presenting New York City as a national model of resistance and “a better way.” Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, vowed to mount a legal challenge if the federal government tried to create a registry of the nation’s Muslims.
It was said to have made her career.
GARDEN CITY ’80s Arcade and Karaoke Night, games, costume contest, raffles and prizes.
I had covered Gillick when we both worked in Seattle and was genuinely happy for him.
But instead he has settled for self-congratulation.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com .
The winners were chosen by a jury led by the director Sam Mendes.
April 2 at 8 p.m. $38 and $40.
The latest twist in the crisis underscores the tumult in Brazil over Mr. da Silva’s nomination.
In his brief remarks, Mr. Trump leveled the accusation — which his supporters have been pressing for weeks — that Mrs. Clinton first raised doubts eight years ago about Mr. Obama’s birthplace.
The findings of a recent survey of transgender people conducted by the National Center for Transgender Equality shows how pernicious the damage can be.
Max Zaslofsky, a teammate of Foust’s on the 1955 Pistons, was unsuccessful in four finals appearances, having also lost with the Chicago Stags in the Basketball Association of America and with the Knicks.
But the two front-runners are not on equal footing.
Now Beijing is trying to slow things down.
Jude Célestin, a former government official who was ousted from the 2010 race after election fraud, came in second with 25 percent.
Once injected, the DNA tells human cells to make Zika proteins.
It’s not uncommon for such “entry-level” condos to set neighborhood records.
It’s nice publicity, for a company that has a substantial inventory of negative stories .
A group of sullen German soldiers sit together.
But it is worrisome for what it suggests for cinema and its future.
— Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) July 15, 2016 — Rudaw English (@RudawEnglish) July 15, 2016 — Ana Rivera (@WHAS11Ana) July 15, 2016 — NBC Bay Area (@nbcbayarea) July 15, 2016 — Tracy Tong (@TracyTongCTV) July 15, 2016 News outlets reported that a man carrying a large knife had been seen approaching a group outside a vigil in Nice before being taken away by the police.
Ms. Pressley declined to comment.
“My hunch is that the person feels a need for more closeness or security.
“The speaker has had a tough time getting enough votes to pass a budget in the House, let alone pass the rest of his agenda,” he added.
“A convention is a kind of free-form extravaganza, and there are certain settings where you can take risks.
The spacecraft is expected to arrive in October.
But doesn’t it get annoying?
While electronic communication devices on the bench remain prohibited, laptops and tablets have been allowed since 2012 for scouting, for presenting information and even for reviewing video as long as those devices are not connected to an online network, an N.B.A.
Mexico, for instance, seems unlikely to comply with his demand to pay for a border wall.
She showed up at a speech to the Florida delegation on Monday morning only to be jeered and heckled with cries of “ Shame !” and “ Na na na na , hey hey hey, goodbye.” As she tried to shout over the noise and insist she would still work to help Mrs. Clinton get elected president — “I will serve as a surrogate throughout this campaign,” she told them defiantly — the crowd drowned her out.
“I’m just going to wait until the world comes to me,” he said, then gave us a fine, healthy-style recipe for jollof rice all the same.
As one lobotomist put it, “Man is certainly no poorer as an experimental animal merely because he can talk.” That attitude had a terrible human cost, and one of the people who paid the price was Patient H. M. Modern brain science has dark roots.
But in describing a trade deal during the same visit as a “rape of our country,” his oratory and protectionist policies are turning off other Republican-leaning voters, including suburban women and business interests, in a state whose economy depends on global exports.
Apple’s own iTunes Match service (which costs $25 a year) can do this with its iCloud Music Library function, but free services can work as well.
“It may not be good clowning,” she said, “but it certainly seems they got their message across.”
“WarGames,” it turned out, wasn’t far-fetched.
So why not the Cubs, too?
The standard will provide a uniform way for users to input their credit cards and payment systems to any web browser so that they can be used for any purchase on the web.
Wawrinka was complimentary of Djokovic in his postmatch remarks and did not make an issue of the timeouts, saying he had been told that when an opponent was bleeding — as Djokovic apparently was from his toes — the medical staff was permitted to allow a timeout.
1938: ‘Mein Kampf’ Is Best Seller of Today, Say Dealers in Paris “Mon Combat,” “My Battle” and “My Struggle”— the French, American and English editions, respectively, of “Mein Kampf,” in which Adolf Hitler sets down his political plans, is the most thoroughly thumbed-over book in Paris today.
Csiro’s chairman, David Thodey, insisted, in a response to the petition from scientists, that there would be “no break in atmospheric measurements at Cape Grim as a result of these changes.” Dr. Marshall, for his part, said the agency would “continue our contribution” to Argo, the global effort to track temperature and other conditions in the world’s oceans, a fundamental task for understanding how quickly the planet is changing.
As the article correctly noted, the drilling of a release well is expected to be finished at the end of February; it will not take 30 to 45 days to fix the leak.
His father taught social studies at Middle School 113, the Ronald Edmonds Learning Center, in Brooklyn.
Those included her assertions that none of the emails were marked classified and that she had turned over all work-related emails.
He signed a two-year contract extension, through 2017, after guiding the Mets to the World Series last season.
The rabbis had never inspected a medical marijuana plant before.
Initially, many of the other golfers on the tour assumed I was Zhou’s coach, even though there was no way he could afford one.
At 8 p.m., High School of Fashion Industries, 225 West 24th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, pscny.org.
“There were people celebrating boozy Easter brunches!
His father, Herman, was a coat manufacturer.
And I think many people think that one of the reasons you won was that you deliberately campaigned as a different kind of Republican.
In doing so, they failed to plan for the trauma that has accompanied the benefits of trade.
“In bad weather, from the safety of the lantern tower,” he wrote, “we would watch in fascination the mountainous seas roll in over the west part of the island, huge Atlantic breakers making their first explosive landfall, dissipating the enormous energy they had accumulated in their long, unimpeded surge across the ocean.” Decades after Mr. O’Grady’s final shift, an evening at the lighthouse begins with a drink by the fire.
The mercurial Drogon deposited Dany in Dothraki parts unknown at the end of Season 5, and while most of us were probably glad to see her finally leave Meereen, the circumstances don’t seem much better wherever she is now.
But it is true they aren’t making land anymore.
“Then he did something amazing,” Mr. Barrack recalled.
According to accounts in the British news media , the turf war began when Larry tried to infiltrate the grounds of the Foreign Office, on Whitehall, from his nearby Downing Street residence, prompting a jealous Palmerston to claw at him.
Coupled with her call for free community college tuition, which has the potential for retraining workers whose skills have become redundant, Mrs. Clinton presents a plan that would have real impact on reducing poverty nationwide.
You know everybody hated late de Kooning, but it turned out to be great stuff.
Only once has he failed to reach the weekend in back-to-back events, which bodes well for Spieth in his start next weekend in his hometown tour event outside Dallas.
Acuity, the real estate industry and even the chairman of the Planning Commission, Carl Weisbrod, have argued that the project is more of a rejiggering of the zoning than an enlargement, and thus it should not obligate the inclusion of affordable housing.
There will be lots of breezy bits, like a Missoni sheer lamé caftan ($300 rental, $2,190 retail) that’s perfect for a summer night out.
The harassment of people here may have tapered off since the weeks after Sergeant Bergdahl was released, Mr. Schoen said, but the overall threat remains.
“I had seen so many apartments that had yucky views,” he said.
“And I’m like, wait a minute.
Tell Rekia Boyd how it’s so much better to live in 2012 than 1612 or 1712.
I mean no disrespect to “Noonday” in saying that it doesn’t match the “Regeneration” books.
GARDEN CITY “Looking Through: Photography, Race, and Identity,” group exhibition.
Tenant: Astro Gallery of Gems Landlord: NYC 7900 Holdings L.L.C.
Donald J. Trump, through decades in public life, has been consistent on one core policy idea: that the United States has gotten a raw deal from its major trading partners in the agreements that bind their economies.
“All community boards have an ally, a friend — someone who is going to be advocating for them,” he said.
“At a time of year when we know the health inspectors are due,” said one Park Slope bartender, “we ask our regulars to not bring their dogs for a month or two, until we get our A back.
“I think that it took a while to realize this.” He added: “For me, this was actually a good thing.
It said the threat had shocked South Korean policy makers, who it characterized as servants of America, a standard theme of the North’s propaganda.
Christensen’s order made this information accessible to anyone who wished to view the case file.
“To assume that whomever you elect mayor is going to wave a magic wand and change that dynamic — that’s not going to happen,” said Courtney Billups, 47, a lawyer who recently moved here from Maryland’s Eastern Shore, where he spent four years in public office as a county commissioner elected as a Democrat.
Being the younger sister of a queen bee is always a buzz kill.
Enthusiasts pay as much as $1,800 for the thrill.
Despite the huge cost, about 18 billion pounds, the British government wants the power from the plant to replace aging generating facilities.
What should he be doing to turn it around ?
“Oh, my god, she was like my mother,” said Karnel Paul, 42, who sells trinkets to Hindu pilgrims near the hospice.
She was taken by helicopter to Nemours/Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children, where she died.
However, reading “Refugees Encounter a Foreign Word: Welcome” renewed my faith that people are not blind to the unfair condemnation I see.
The thread that connects “The Cook Up” with the author’s previous ­true-to-life treatise, “The Beast Side: Living (and Dying) While Black in America,” and with his columns for Salon is, to me, of greater importance: It is Watkins’s belief in the telling of black stories, in their ugliness and in their beauty.
“But one of the last things she told me before she died was: ‘Hang in there.
Marc Trévidic, a judge who oversaw terrorism cases for 10 years, emphasized the dangers for France if it failed to strike the proper balance.
was willing to take on the tough cases against a well-funded opponent like Goldman, at least when the evidence of wrongdoing was not overwhelming.
Yet Ephron paints her not as dumb, but rather passionately inaccurate.
In his new book, “The Sting of the Wild: The Story of the Man Who Got Stung for Science,” Schmidt has a pain scale.
“But the thought that it was happening with young kids is just beyond belief.
And experiments like WorkAdvance have been done before.
Setbacks followed, and he has still not played a minute in the N.B.A.
“We don’t want to be a team that when it rains a little bit, we give in.” Fisher has opted not to impose curfews on his players after separate late-night robberies involving Early and Derrick Williams in the last two weeks.
6 p.m. [Free] • Catch a screening of the 1942 horror flick “Cat People” at the Stapleton Library in Staten Island.
This puzzle, in fact, was originally written for BuzzFeed, but was sadly orphaned when they shut down their crossword to contributors earlier this year.
“She’s currently participating in discussions to try to reach such a compromise.” Ms. Collins said she had also been talking to Senator Feinstein, as well as to an array of Republicans including Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Jeff Flake of Arizona, and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina.
He takes a liking to Chloe, perhaps because he’s seen her breasts — this show (which is based on a comic-book series ) has the sexist, salacious mind-set of a 14-year-old boy, and so Chloe can’t merely be a detective; she also has to be a former actress in naughty movies.
But a long-nurtured love for the town’s smartest and most ambitious girl puts his desire to leave at odds with his fate.
The FTSE 100 was down 1.4 percent in Britain.
Eventually, after hiring an independent firm to audit the expenses, Apollo cut ties with the executive.
Ugandans have long been known to love our nation, and to love our people — all of our people.
But I don’t think seeking it will dismantle Obamacare.
The first cache, Dr. Ramirez said, came from the Justice Department, which had assembled photographs to introduce as evidence at the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui , the so-called 20th hijacker in the Sept. 11 plot.
Delirium strikes as many as half of hospitalized older patients , studies have shown; it’s especially common among the cognitively impaired.
Havanna Fisher was in elementary school in 1999 when Starbucks arrived on West 125th Street in Harlem.
When most Guineans fall ill, they first visit a local traditional healer, of whom a recent census indicates there are about 80,000 operating in Guinea.
The results were not fantastic: meager range of motion, poor form.
“Those who want to run fast should come with me.” The lead pack went through 13.1 miles in 61:24.
We look forward to meeting more of them in 2017.
JeanCarlos, in a blue hooded sweatshirt, sat by himself at a desk in the front of the room.
It also appears to be one of the highest prices ever paid for a privately held biotechnology company, if not the highest.
“I think Turkey has other priorities and other interests,” James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, said last year, when asked whether he thought Turkey would do more against ISIS.
It is not true that people in the city cemetery have no family or friends.
Yet I find Mr. Graci’s wines leaning more to the side of finesse and elegance than to rusticity.
(Lydia is presumably a lightly fictionalized version of Mr. Cosson’s collaborator, Ms.
It didn’t involve a gun.
Perhaps realizing that every character he plays is essentially a sad clown, he drops all pretense here, playing a tortured jester who flunks out of a French clown school and ends up working at the rodeo.
But the report did not address issues that have embroiled the supplier as the safety crisis over its airbags has grown: Takata’s manipulation of testing data , its failure to alert regulators to problems and its disregard of outside studies warning of possible safety issues.
LaCava did not schedule his Sundays around the golf telecasts, but if he was home, he turned on the television for the final rounds.
Ms. Melo described a meeting, when Ms. Rousseff was minister of energy, during which activists hoped to make their case against a contentious dam project in the Amazon.
They are smaller and thinner than I remember.
I’d stare into the glow for hours, reading articles that supported views I had already decided were correct.
Robot” vibe that pokes its ugly head throughout.
It has risen 19 percent in the last two weeks.
(Anthony Tommasini) COMPOSER PORTRAITS: LEI LIANG (Thursday) The Chinese-born composer Lei Liang, who came to America to study at the New England Conservatory and Harvard, has long been on the faculty at University of California, San Diego.
Her father retired as an environmental engineer for the United States Air Force.
(Martha Schwendener) NEUE GALERIE: ‘KLIMT AND THE WOMEN OF VIENNA’S GOLDEN AGE, 1900–1918’ (through Jan. 16) The heart of this show is a fascinating group of 10 life-size, whole-figure portraits of women, and one of a girl, all of them from wealthy families who kept Gustav Klimt financially solvent.
“The place is a beacon of hope,” he said, “and we should never forget it.”
As for Mr. De Vita, he said he would very likely stay on at the school as a guest teacher.
In meeting with the leaders of the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , or Asean, Mr. Obama will address a group that represents a population of more than 620 million and a collective economy of around $2.4 trillion, the third largest in Asia behind those of China and Japan.
Hemsky scored his 12th into an empty net with 2 minutes 54 seconds remaining.
“I’ve been super-influenced by it; the selection is almost tasteless, or a little off-style and antiquated.
She visited indigenous communities — especially in the Omo Valley in the southeast — where she met with Mursi people as well as with Karo people, who live on the banks of the Omo River.
Mr. Bannon’s selection demonstrated the power of grass-roots activists who backed Mr. Trump’s candidacy.
Three other officers had already been acquitted.
At least one-fifth of the country is controlled or contested by the Taliban.
Teju Cole’s captivating and lauded novels, “Open City” and “Every Day Is for the Thief,” reflect his identity as a writer with a global perspective — born in the United States and raised in Nigeria.
There, he crosses the line from oddball to creep, while his wife (Barbara Crampton, a favorite of the horror director Stuart Gordon) has a Boo Radley air, looking permanently spooked and pale.
I had a chance to see the town, hit some coffee shops.
Placebo effects in pain are so large, in fact, that drug manufacturers are finding it hard to beat them.
The United Nations declared on Thursday an end to the Ebola epidemic in West Africa, although the World Health Organization said the next day that a body in Sierra Leone had tested positive for the virus.
The neighbors included a lime merchant and a tea dealer.
More opportunity to actually pepper Trump with questions to discern if his more recent conservative policy conversions were authentic.
The minivan that hit the mine was near the Marinka checkpoint, also near Donetsk, which became choked with long lines after the Zaytsevo crossing was closed.
An interactive dance floor controlled lights atop One World Trade Center.
He has held face-to-face talks with Chinese presidents, prime ministers and propaganda officials.
Project | Candidate Profiles: For this first mini-unit project, students create candidate profiles to inform voters about the competing candidates in this presidential election.
Now it can be made much simpler: Every time he’s held up as an example of seriousness, remember that when it mattered, he backed Donald Trump.
The superhero comic is the American dream illustrated, and by definition the American dream must be accessible to all.
After the Human Genome Project, that number has grown to roughly 5,800, he said, with a similar number of rare disease charities being founded to research them and to be patient advocates.
With just seconds to go in the gold-medal match in the 78-kilogram category, Harrison caught Audrey Tcheuméo of France in an armlock to gain the submission.
The Journal News in Westchester reported that Mr. Reich’s lawyer, Kerry Lawrence, asked that his client surrender his passport and be freed on $150,000 bail.
Venezuela ha producido algunos de los mejores exponentes de música clásica del mundo bajo el programa estatal llamado El Sistema.
Both men, who have Cuban roots, were celebrated as new faces of a Republican Party eager to expand its tent.
Among the reasons Santarelli takes particular pleasure in living in a house that Canova once occupied is that the sculptor was not only a giant in the history of figuration, but a lion of conservation who helped change the way ancient artifacts were perceived.
That’s why last year’s change to allow people to select emoji skin-tone shading was good news.
At 7, 9 and 10:30 p.m., Smoke, 2751 Broadway, at 106th Street, 212-864-6662, smokejazz.com.
It turns out Herb’s appendix has burst — the surgeon’s theory is it happened at home when he passed out from pain — but the damage was limited.
Inside a grass hut, visitors can gaze upon the Victorian orchid hunter’s tools of the trade.
This noted new-music pianist offers a double bill, with works ranging from the 1950s to the 1990s.
And it tells the consistently beguiling story of her life, from a childhood in northern England to club stardom in Paris and New York (1:20).
When he got to the office, a fellow officer approached him and said, half-jokingly, that he thought the officer might be a robbery suspect.
The dream cast includes the tenor Matthew Polenzani as Nadir and the baritone Mariusz Kwiecien as Zurga, fisherman who have been friends since childhood; the soprano Diana Damrau plays Leila, the Hindu priestess who comes between them.
(Pebble converses with her in a strange language) The hourlong journey culminates in a final showdown between Pip and Volter.
“Private equity funds have an aligned interest with their investors to produce strong returns,” said Bronwyn Bailey of the American Investment Council.
She knew parents would pay the quarter ticket price if their children were involved, so she hired a big cast.
Sept. 2 at 2 p.m. Free.
Of the 30 children, 28 survived — two died from head injuries and crushed pelvises, she said.
“The tale,” he writes, “stripped of names and dates and places, made the expulsion of the county’s black community seem like only a legend — like something too far back in the mists of time to ever truly understand — rather than a deliberate and sustained campaign of terror.” The observation reminded me of the moment in “ Between the World and Me ,” when Ta-Nehisi Coates implores his son to remember that “slavery is not an indefinable mass of flesh.
She called them “a gesture from the organizers” of the Christmas market.
“There is a disconnect between what banks are doing,” Mr. King said, “and what consumers want.” Despite wanting to maintain legal options, however, fewer than a quarter said they would take legal action against their bank in a dispute over fees.
But they rarely stay long, quickly leaving to join dozens in the line outside a trendy new ice cream shop down the block.
Its latest $5.5 billion valuation makes it just one-tenth the size of Uber.
On my flight home to New York after Christmas, I imagined meeting Annie today.
One pastor supporting Mr. Cruz, Darran Whiting of Liberty Baptist Church in Marion, said he had made more than 150 phone calls to other pastors.
The warmth held the promise of summer.
I have strong interests in different areas but there’s so little time to explore them.” As of now, Avicii’s last gig is scheduled for Aug. 27 at the Creamfields festival in the United Kingdom, following a handful of festival appearances in Europe this summer.
And we put together a team of the people we think are the right people to evaluate the data and to translate it to the athletes in a language they speak.” Enter Dellenbaugh, a bearded veteran of America’s Cup sailing who was a tactician on the Cup-winning yacht America³ in 1992.
And we need to make it easier for people to be good employees and good parents by guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave for every worker.
Johnson Controls’ diversified portfolio of products includes heating and air conditioning, and industrial refrigeration, while Tyco makes security and fire safety systems.
If you’ve been keeping tabs on the jazz vanguard in recent years, there’s a good chance you saw this coming.
I really liked that.” There’s another reason the 30-year-old favors Hublot: The brand has what she calls “street-style chic.” She bought its Big Bang Steel Diamonds watch because “it has a rubber strap, which makes it casual, but it’s combined with elegant diamonds on the bezel.” That high/low mix is the story of her life.
“It’s an approach that you can use to tackle any process in any organization.” In hiring at Blue Mercury’s corporate headquarters in Washington, she has focused less on traditional retail industry experience and more on people who have a comfort with engineering processes, skills they can apply to whatever urgent task arises.
But clashes between factions loyal to the men erupted months later.
“Now there are also demands for impersonators of Western celebrities for more casual, less serious films and performances,” he added.
Ready to go!” The other, Earl Smith, gave the president a military patch that he had worn in Vietnam and that Mr. Obama carried with him for the rest of the campaign.
Health care stocks fell the most as the drug makers Endo International, Mylan and Mallinckrodt all slumped.
Indeed, Griffey fell three votes short of unanimity, appearing on 99.3 percent of the 440 ballots, exceeding the previous record of 98.84 percent, set by Tom Seaver in 1992.
You can only say that if you treat Muslim Americans as an abstraction.
For Mr. Engelberg, theirs was the kind of match made in Hollywood.
She would soon Germanize her name to Melania Knauss and become an international model.
INDOORS: Both the main house and the guesthouse were built within the last 10 years.
In January, a Chinese official, Liu Jianchao , who was then in the party’s anticorruption and discipline agency, said that China was “dealing” with the case of the youngest brother and “had undertaken communication with the United States.”
AMERICA’S GREATEST MAKERS 9 p.m. on TBS.
If not for the Chiefs, their opponent this week, the Texans would have been football’s best turnaround story.
They won’t have peace.” The players, particularly the men, are exceedingly well paid as professionals.
I proposed changes in CEO compensation.
In Utah, which also votes on Tuesday, the anti-tax group the Club for Growth said it would air an ad against Mr. Trump, hoping to keep him from another win.
Of the 53 artists in “The Illusive Eye,” 37 are or were from one or another of eight South American countries and Puerto Rico.
He applied mathematic theories, for example, in analyzing the ranking of sports teams and the popularity of web pages.
So far this summer, there has been a bountiful harvest of strawberries, string beans, Swiss chard and arugula, according to Gerard Lordahl, a director of GrowNYC who has helped shape the garden club.
Such stylishness offers the reassurance that though a woman and her world may be falling apart, chicness always soldiers on.
And the reach of the book — which was published in 1960, won a Pulitzer Prize and still sells roughly 750,000 copies annually — extends far beyond the United States.
Mr. Trevor, who was Irish by birth and upbringing but a longtime resident of Britain, placed his fiction squarely in the middle of ordinary life.
David Johansen, headlines a roster of downtown personalities at the second annual Surrealist Art Ball, an event that welcomes extravagant costuming.
The digital world and social media are constantly changing, so you have to constantly adapt.
And even if Verizon’s push into digital media doesn’t transform the company, it has finally achieved what many knew was inevitable, but no one could previously achieve: the union of AOL and Yahoo.
I was by no means a bookworm, but I enjoyed reading for the most part.
(In most sports, athletes are allowed only a one-year grace period.)
Venezuela continues to pay despite an economic crisis that would have stymied other sovereign borrowers long ago.
COOPER: Senator Sanders, Secretary Clinton mentioned the so- called Charleston loophole.
But the full amount did not materialize quickly, and The Washington Post reported a week ago that Mr. Trump had yet to make his own donation.
Ghavami was sentenced to a year in prison for spreading propaganda, but the charges were dropped.
Mr. Toyota used feather pillows to separate the hall from the rest of the building “like an egg,” Mr. Herzog said, to isolate sound frequencies.
“I’m definitely going to be meticulous, online shopping,” Ms. Renaud said of how she would buy the rest of her gifts.
Curry threw his mouthguard into the stands, hitting a fan, after fouling out for the first time in his professional career.
The doctors “reported that seeing patients was a greater waste of their time the heavier that they were, that physicians would like their jobs less as their patients increased in size, that heavier patients were viewed to be more annoying, and that physicians felt less patience the heavier the patient was,” the researchers wrote.
Chris Christie pretty much gave up on New Jersey when he decided to run for president.
Maybe, Schramm figured, there was more to cheerleading than met the eye.
“We faced an almost unhittable Arrieta and an almost unhittable Bumgarner, and there’s not much you can do when the guy goes eight or nine.
But Mr. Perez, who is popular among labor unions, has criticized Nafta, which Mr. Trump has called “a disaster.” After praising the Trans-Pacific Partnership as secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton has recently said as a candidate, “I don’t believe it’s going to meet the high bar I’ve set” on protecting American workers, the environment and other issues.
Theoretically, the philosophy is good, because, well, you’re not playing songs you’ve played a lot.
Later, he casually rode a bicycle in a stripmall parking lot.
Donors’ cars don’t park themselves.
“I’m just hoping not many people get coffee in the evening,” Ms. Nunnemaker said of the ceremony, which will take place during regular business hours.
But this week’s episode was not the first time he was accused of portraying himself as a medical doctor.
Benchmark U.S. crude rose 26 cents to close at $34.66 a barrel in New York, its highest closing price since Jan. 5.
But officials in the Cincinnati area and in southern Indiana say that a synthetic drug, carfentanil — 10,000 times as potent as morphine — could be tied to at least 189 overdoses across both states in the past week, resulting in at least four deaths in the states.
Some may charge fees for speaking to a customer service representative or charge for loading funds onto the card.
“The battle was brought to us,” said Dan Nichols, a county commissioner who is a neighbor of the Hammond family.
At the world championships a year ago, China won 10 of 13 golds on offer.
The task force has made a number of high-profile arrests in recent months, including t hat of Yang Feng Glan , a Chinese citizen suspected of exporting thousands of tons of ivory to China.
Pete Blair, the head of the Sports copy desk, gave another look at the Anderson column, which had been copy-edited in 2014 by Adrienne Morris.
“This is the idea of my restaurant — to take the roots of Galilee cuisine, and bring them to the new world of cooking,” he said.
The Daily News quickly remade its front page after Senator Cruz’s remarks, offering some unsolicited advice.
But while the chemical lobby has lauded the bill, environmental groups are lukewarm about it at best.
In the 19th century, Muslim-led rebellions were brutally suppressed, killing hundreds of thousands.
Speaking with a tone of validation at a news conference in Bedminster, N.J., Mr. Christie thanked the people of his state for staying off the highways and out of the way of snowplows without his “having to use the heavy hand of government to put mandatory travel bans in place.” Other states, including New York, did issue travel bans.
President Bill Clinton’s two Supreme Court nominees, Ruth Bader Ginsburg in 1993 and Stephen G. Breyer the next year, were confirmed by votes of 96 to 3 and 87 to 9.
I was working as a website engineer at the time.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Donna Berger and of William L. Kabaker.
According to the letter, Mr. Schumacher’s speech, as an independent lecturer, did not represent the ethic established by Zaha Hadid, who died in March, or the direction since maintained by its board of directors.
Proponents of labeling, and of Vermont’s law, were quick to express their disappointment.
But other new ventures haven’t panned out.
When it comes to accepting guests, hosts may stipulate that they don’t want smokers or teenagers renting their property, but federal law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex or national origin.
recently uncovered new emails potentially related to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server.
Once, when I took the car in for an oil change, a mechanic took in the floor’s loamy layer of grit, gravel and vegetable matter and asked if I lived on a farm.
But African-Americans and Hispanics — who account for more than 45 percent of those below the poverty line of $24,300 for a family of four in most states — experienced the largest improvement.
(To his credit, Chairman Ben Bernanke subsequently admitted that not cutting rates then was a mistake.)
Others have suggested that the trend is being fueled by the demonic clown featured in Mr. King’s novel “It,” which is being remade in a new Hollywood film.
Devin Booker insisted that his opponent stay for another game.
If Mr. Cruz and Mr. Rubio can’t find ways to have breakout moments that will propel them into Super Tuesday, it’s hard to see what will stop Mr. Trump.
I think it’s absurd to insinuate that a movement that is doing nothing more than demanding that the war on black life come to an end is in any way responsible for these police officers getting shot.” Stephen Loomis, the president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association, has urged people not to bring their guns anywhere near Cleveland’s downtown during the convention because officers are in a “heightened state.” In Cleveland on Sunday, Steve Thacker, 57, of Westlake, Ohio, stood in the city’s Public Square holding a semiautomatic AR-15-style assault rifle — allowed under the state’s open-carry law — as news broke that several officers had been killed in Baton Rouge.
He’s come only for the promise of a pear.
It can last for months and is often called the “100-day cough.” Making a diagnosis is tricky.
The police in Cologne say they believe several hundred men, ages 15 to 35 and visibly drunk, were involved in the violence, which began when they tossed firecrackers into the crowd that had thronged the square.
The early part of spring training — all drills, no games — can eventually become monotonous.
“Many of the things that Donald Trump has said about women make him toxic to many female voters across the country.
When presidents or candidates speak in public nowadays, however, voters focus on the makeup artists and sorcerers lurking behind the curtain, murmuring stage directions and working the teleprompter.
Mr. Trump formally tapped Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general, to head his E.P.A.
Mr. Hilton, who has a closely shaved head, faintly bounced into the dining room.
Mr. Blumenthal and Mr. Markey also criticized the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for not demonstrating more urgency in forcing Takata to prove that ammonium nitrate is safe to use.
The five-week corruption trial of Mr. Silver ended on Nov. 30 with his conviction on charges of honest services fraud, money laundering and extortion.
would never encourage informants to think about these moral and ethical ramifications of their work.’’ In her eyes, the deepest treachery Torres committed may have been against himself.
“Why would the results for the presidential vote be more credible than those of the legislative vote?”
Saturday’s attack occurred on a coalition base near Makhmur, where American trainers and advisers are assisting Iraqi Kurds as they prepare for a push to regain Mosul from the Islamic State.
I’m going to be me.”
Leadoff man Santana worked a two-out walk, and the Indians had a base runner for the third consecutive inning.
“I would hate for this to be an endorsement,” Mr. Coates said.
MARKET OVERVIEW The financial crisis of 2008 took a serious toll on the housing market in Jamaica, particularly the higher end, though as economic conditions have improved in Britain and the United States, “we’ve seen renewed interest from clients in second homes on the island,” Mr. Zephirin said.
“Every time I look at it,” he said, “it brings back a beautiful memory of my friendship with Big Ang.” One of those memories concerned a parish bazaar she had attended.
So that’s really what it was at the time.
“People need to start to understand something,” said Tad Devine, the campaign’s senior adviser, not long after Senator Bernie Sanders was proclaimed the winner of the New Hampshire primary.
In short, analysts say, it has become the Murdoch brothers’ biggest leadership challenge since taking over.
And because the food is not only affordable, but also downright tasty.
Ms. Renaud and her sister grew up in an observant Christian family, and both say that religion plays a big role in their lives.
It was the night of Tuesday, Aug. 22, 1972.
Her fate rests with whether she and her lawyers can show she did not take the drug intentionally for performance-enhancing purposes.
At the town hall here, near Charleston, he stressed his positivity and his desire for both political parties to work together, as well as the need to help people “who live in the shadows,” including those with mental illnesses or drug addiction.
It’s set in the 1930s, concerns a plot to bilk an heiress (Min-hee Kim) and jumps back and forth between Korea and Japan.
Upper East Side, Manhattan Ice and snow melting off rooftops can pose a serious safety hazard for anyone standing below.
Rome’s cobbled, snaking alleyways lend themselves to mystery, and today’s best places to raise a glass in the Eternal City are fittingly clandestine, with entrance gained by a knock, a phone call or a membership card.
They’ll be back — and, proportionally, they’ll be a bigger, more forceful presence among the Republicans remaining in the House.
Kennedy thought him too valuable as a hero to risk losing in an accident.
contractor Edward Snowden shocked the world with his revelations of a massive United States surveillance program, a top French government minister took the stage at the American Embassy’s Fourth of July party here to gently scold his hosts for spying on friends.
Ms. Ayala-Perez says using Raise.me did alter her approach in high school.
Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat who has prided himself on efficient governance, has described this budget process as “more tedious” than years past, though he has remained optimistic that it will be approved on time.
Nowhere was this more palpable than in Brain’s preposterously elaborate plans.
The key piece of evidence was a surveillance video of the shooting, which the jury saw both in real time and in slow motion.
“I remain positive that I will be able to return this season.” There is little doubt that a healthy Bosh is one of the Heat’s best players, and if they expect to make a deep playoff run, then a battle-tested power forward with two N.B.A.
The Wall Street Journal reports that such a move is rare because courts have resisted it.
Ultimately — and luckily — it was the mosquitoes that stumbled.
He poignantly underplayed Nabucco’s descent into madness — no flailing or wild eyes — and his heartfelt prayer, “Dio di Giuda,” felt less a showpiece than a moment of sober intimacy.
In the ad, which began airing across the states that hold contests on Tuesday, the actresses alternate describing their characters.
Tuesday’s battle in Teleskof — recounted by a witness and American officials — could presage a future in Iraq where American troops move even closer to routine, daily battle in the fight to reclaim large parts of Iraq from the Islamic State.
It’s a ridiculously long time period, even for a health-care type intervention, to try and think, hey we’re doing this great work so that we have this tool for 25 years from now.
With large contingents from South America and Japan, the show often represents its nearly 90 artists with only one work each, which could be a bit scattershot.
— Have your opinions about Apple, privacy and national security changed since this news story began to develop last week?
Running time: 2 hours 23 minutes.
When a founder goes ballistic on his own company, the turmoil consumes all.
The Social Democrats, center-left partners in Ms. Merkel’s “grand coalition” government, are alarmed by opinion polls that show their support dipping below 20 percent for the first time.
The new penalties, proponents say, are aimed at reducing congestion, frustration and accidents.
I now say answer “yes” then query the heck out of the questioner.
“There might have been a murder.” And yes, there is still plenty of comic aggravation, fueled by Ms. Klausner’s daily experiences in New York.
More than 200 have been attributed to vigilantes , who often leave cardboard signs declaring their victims to be drug pushers.
And we don’t want to wake up.” Benediktsson has done his part to contribute to the global mania.
“These decisions,” she said, “should be made by physicians.” The decision in New York came during a legal battle — and after victories — for advocates for transgender rights, both in New York and in other parts of the nation.
Some researchers dismissed music as “auditory cheesecake,” a pastime that co-opted other essential communicative urges.
Hereditary entanglements are even more twisted in the karaoke-based cabaret, which ruptures the fourth wall (if you sit in the front row, prepare to be twerked upon) and introduces a real parent-child relationship, as Ms. Young’s 8-year-old daughter, Lovey Ailish Guerrero, joins the denim-clad posse onstage.
The first of the asylum seekers, five shy African boys, arrived in July 2014, just days after the authorities on this small Danish island were granted permission to open a shelter for children.
The rakishness of Coward’s turtleneck combined with the intellectual credentials of Gréco’s to make this the go-to costume announcing disciplined resistance.
But without decent growth, combined with policies to maintain low unemployment, there is little prospect of improving the fortunes of the less well-off.
In addition to his son, W. J. Patrick Curley III, he is survived by his wife, the former Mary Taylor Walton; a daughter, Margaret Bacon; and seven grandchildren.
“The idea of the book was, I’m going to put all these things in a giant pile and light them on fire.” Mr. Holiday says he got a $250,000 advance for a book from his publisher, Portfolio — far less that the rumored $500,000 sum reported by gossip blogs after Mr. Holiday had helped plant that nugget himself.
Over the woozy horn loop by producer Edsclusive, he remembers a time when Terror Squad was on top, and he was preoccupied elsewhere: “When Remy was Terror Squadding with Pun and them/We was in the back room rumbling, no one coming in/Homie kinda arrogant, bet this 40’ll humble him.” J.C. “Be kind to your bad self,” urges Sadie Dupuis on “Death Note,” a growly, propulsive affirmation by Speedy Ortiz , the ambitious but low-to-the-ground indie-rock band.
On Friday, at the age of 112 years and 178 days, he was declared the oldest man in the world.
Although he was forced out nearly two years ago and has moved on to a rival, Janus Capital Group, Pimco remains very, very close — both physically and, it would appear, psychologically.
But if cost and efficiency are prioritized over quality, consolidation can unintentionally commoditize health care.
Within Europe, it is time for a comprehensive compromise, and my own country, Germany, should set the example.
“I’d like to explore landscape photography, and for the first time go out and take pictures without people involved,” she said.
This was only a first step toward a modest agrarian reform, in a country where there has been none.
I’m not able to stay behind each pitch.” Because of a battered rotation, the Mets traded the struggling reliever Antonio Bastardo to Pittsburgh this month for Niese, whom they had sent to the Pirates for second baseman Neil Walker before the season.
The master suite has access to the pool.
The Chicago radio personality Julie DiCaro also followed Ms. Cox’s lead, tweeting to her 31,000 followers that she suffers from depression.
“Sometimes you need something like this to make that happen,” Kermode said, referring to the match-fixing allegations.
It will be hard to justify not giving Goff a chance once their hopes for the season flicker out.
Their family, as the three are quick to make clear, is not a communal experiment, but rather more of a collaboration: As creative individuals each of whom wanted children, they have found a way to navigate the complicated work-life balance in ways that suit all their needs.
My idea was to enlist Jeff as my co-therapist to help Daniel break through his isolation.
“It’s crazy,” Ms. Boteler said.
Caroline Fabre Bazin, Alaïa’s studio director, and the gallerist and 10 Corso Como founder Carla Sozzani also attend, along with Seo’s wife, Miki, and a few others.
That would help Altria and the Santo Domingo family avoid a costly tax bill after the transaction.
The junior records piled up: highest game (262); highest three-game set (567); highest average (145).
“If we have to eat crow, we eat crow,” he said.
Stocks started the day lower but soon rallied.
At a nearby computer, a 43-year-old man scrolled through a spreadsheet, preparing for the day’s assignment.
Trump has made a huge fortune, but he lacks serious political experience,” said Olga Zakharova, 33, a manager.
But it is an increasingly dangerous path, experts say.
In her earliest explorations of the banjo, Ms. Giddens, who is the daughter of a white father and a black mother, said, “I had been feeling like an interloper.” “I’m still black in the eyes of America,” she said.
While I am sure the charges were true, I think they were motivated in part by people who wanted to see him brought down.”
Then, as a rewrite man, he moved to The New York World-Telegram and Sun and then worked for its short-lived successor, The World Journal Tribune, the product of its merger with two other papers, which ceased publication in 1967.
She has Wi-Fi and listens to Nick Cave songs.
Eleven teams with two drivers each raced in the 2016 Formula One season.
We swam in the sea.
■ Rafael Nadal and the defending champion David Ferrer, the top two seeds, reached the quarterfinals of the Rio Open.
But the roughness of the area and clashes with neighbors turned him into something of a recluse.
Last month, he and Kathleen Rogers, who promotes his work and helps arrange his exhibitions, donated a maquette, a small, preliminary model that he used in casting the full-size sculpture, known as Trinity Root, to the National September 11 Memorial Museum.
In his choices for the 1990s and beyond, Huang favors poetry, neglecting the tough, individualistic urban fiction of writers like Dong Xi, Han Dong, Xu Zechen and Zhu Wen, whose work chronicles the disaffected restlessness of contemporary China’s consumer society.
— New York Herald Tribune, European Edition, April 16, 1966
The time advantage for market makers provides them a “last look” that allows them to withdraw their offer if the price is moving in an unfavorable direction based on information obtained outside the Chicago exchange.
also swallowed up many of its competitors while pushing aggressively abroad, establishing beachheads in Europe, Asia and Australia.
The Islanders play their next six games on the road.
In the end, volunteers printed some ballots on the backs of caucus instructions.
Last year, she said, State Street voted against pay practices at almost half the 1,424 companies it had selected for review.
HANES DOWN The underwear and T-shirt and sock maker Hanesbrands reported disappointing results, and its shares lost 2.5 percent.
“There is no power higher than the power of the people,” Mr. Erdogan said earlier, using an iPhone to broadcast messages.
“You have to put everything aside for a week” said Dr. van Oldenborgh, who did most of the work on the flood analysis because the other researchers were at a conference.
There are, then, good reasons to believe that reduced competition and increased monopoly power are very bad for the economy.
Mr. Malawer may be arguing that what happened in the building is unknowable.
Those may be worthy recipients but, in the eyes of some in the philanthropic community, they are not at the forefront of social change.
We’re from Mexico.’ ” After he was seated, the Secret Service erected a temporary partition to shield him from other guests.
If the deadline is not met, a third national election will be held, probably on Christmas Day.
They are left in festering limbo on remote Pacific islands.
7 p.m. [Free] • Take your kids to a Haunted Halloween House in Jackie Robinson Park in Harlem.
Laurie Beechman Theater at the West Bank Cafe, 407 West 42nd Street, Clinton, 212-352-3101, spincyclenyc.com.
But the pace appears to have slowed after the state’s oil and gas regulator, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, effectively imposed steep reductions in underground waste disposal in February and March.
Mr. Carstens has called Mr. Trump “a hurricane” for the Mexican economy.
She did it as Britta Perry, the self-absorbed hipster with grand delusions on NBC’s “Community.” She did it as Mimi Rose Howard, the self-serious performance artist naïf on HBO’s “Girls.” She even did it in lingerie, in “Choke,” a 2008 adaptation of a Chuck Palahniuk novel, in which she played Cherry Daiquiri, a stripper with a sardonic smirk.
I think of a guy in the club, outside in the street, or a friend of mine.
SURVIVING THE ELEMENTS In conditions that resembled a British Open more than South Florida, Corey Pavin and Todd Hamilton shot six-under 66s to tie for the first-round lead at the Allianz Championship in Boca Raton, Fla. Tom Lehman birdied his last hole to post a 67 and share third place with Billy Andrade.
Even the le Carre comparison has become a nauseatingly common cliché, bandied about endlessly since Litvinenko’s death.
“I don’t believe in unfair practice.
The Imperial is being rejiggered to preserve the immersive feel: a couple hundred people will be seated on the stage; new internal staircases will permit performers to move between orchestra and mezzanine; there will be side tables with lamps and egg shakers interspersed among the seats, along with snaking platforms to allow for elevated action by actors.
He was often injured, and so Botha encouraged him to switch his focus to the 400 meters, reasoning that he could still take advantage of his sprinting abilities but with less wear and tear on his body.
The next day, she took me to the hospital for an X-ray to make sure the bone wasn’t fractured.
Whether Heinz Bender , the pastry chef who baked the 350-pound cake amid the hoopla, altered the original recipe is not known.
But no one gets it right every time.
Now, he said, they are taking a closer look at neighborhoods that traditionally drew locals.
In most prisons, blacks and Latinos were disciplined at higher rates than whites — in some cases twice as often, the analysis found.
The European Commission is investigating Luxembourg’s tax arrangements for Amazon and McDonald’s, and last year the European Court of Justice struck down tax advantages to companies and their subsidiaries selling e-books throughout Europe.
Attendance has recently perked up — a consequence, perhaps, of media attention surrounding the opening of Shanghai Disney Resort in June — but the 11-year-old park had a terrible 2015.
“The Snitch,” in which a scary, long-legged, puppetlike figure constructed from orange-and-white traffic cones strides through an underwater rock garden, could be a child’s nightmare.
Tina Weber, 28, a video producer who lives in Union City, N.J., had announced her 2009 engagement on Facebook, soon after it offered the option to list life events.
“I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our election,” Mr. Obama said, “we need to take action.
The rest of the team, especially the defense, excelled enough to win the Vince Lombardi Trophy.
Instead, it seems intended to give a veneer of respectability to Washington’s continued support for the Hernández regime.
The most recent estimate brought the number down to 20 per day.
First, Mr. Erdogan threatened to cut off a deal limiting the flow of refugees to Europe, and then he expressed support for the restoration of the death penalty, a move that would end any talk of joining Europe, which bans capital punishment.
Depending on how and where these new businesses buy their produce, consumers can receive all the benefits of C.S.A.
It’s just a musical, no?
In the weeks before the election, he implored Americans: Honor me by choosing her.
Attendance at the field’s most important academic conference has nearly quadrupled.
Sometimes you interview people about their experiences and talk to officials, then stitch together an article with composite perspectives and experiences told secondhand.
The Fund for Great Public Schools has put nearly $1.5 million into canvassing, mailers and television ads to try to elect Mr. Eachus.
The computer sat hidden under piles of bedsheets, far from any windows, in a dark corner of my mother’s room, a ghost of our need.
The stock gained $1.16 to $15.41.
The connection is the moment, the collective nerve they seem to have touched in the cultural consciousness.
A pleasant-faced woman climbed up the steps, leaned over, kissed the driver on the mouth and stepped off again, and a neighborhood was created in the middle of nowhere.
They also predicted severe damage to the health of Chinese consumers, the safety of the country’s food supply and the livelihoods of Chinese farmers.
Tulsa quickly released videos showing the facts.
What are some reasons many Mexicans immigrants eligible for citizenship haven’t applied in the past?
That should free up cash for banks to lend.
“Where I can improve my life and my children can get an education — that’s what’s important.” A crow cawed from the top of a date palm.
Our science section is debunking common misconceptions about health and science.
The various cultures that created coming-of-age rituals knew what they were doing, and it’s not surprising that the rituals have maintained a place in the modern world.
The U.N. envoy to Syria , Staffan de Mistura, is in Damascus today, meeting Syria’s foreign minister in the hopes of restarting peace talks in Geneva.
Reproduced on an ankle-sweeping dress of gold silk, tiered and pleated in classic ’70s Rykiel style, or a cropped leather jacket and maxi-skirt, mixed in with marinière stripes and big Mongolian lamb chubbies, lingerie dresses and funky, faded denim, they dramatized the designer dilemma in a charming, but pointed, way.
It has been billed as “the world’s tallest moving observation tower,” a futuristic 531-foot-high structure that will give visitors an experience that one of its creators likened to floating in a hot-air balloon.
In the East, we can give the rebuilding 76ers a break because the rookie Ben Simmons, slated to be their point guard, has been out all season with a foot injury.
And putting an expiration date on dual-class stock to the extent it is used may be prudent.
However, keep in mind that Windows Vista, which was released in 2006 , is approaching the end of its planned life cycle next year.
: “Wonder” was published in 2012.
They can be stored in a duffel bag or backpack.
On Monday night, James and Irving combined for 82 points as the Cavaliers capitalized on Green’s suspension for collecting too many flagrant fouls in the postseason.
Losing six other playoffs in the last 20 years — including the 2007 American League Championship Series, after being up, three games to one, against the Boston Red Sox?
We don’t feel safe with the gas company there.
“There’s not going to be that much of a difference between this year and next,” Mr. Miller, the appraiser, said.
Ammar said another boy had once asked him: “How did your mom go on TV?
She skated on this, by quoting Honest Abe.
He was fit and compact, and looked young for 42.
Richard W. Painter, who served as the chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007, and who is planning to police the Trump administration in a role with the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, noted that the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution prohibits government officials from accepting gifts and payments from foreign governments or corporations controlled by foreign governments.
“The beauty of having a really good core of young players is that we know what we’re bringing back, and what we’re bringing back offensively is very similar to what was on the field in November,” said Hoyer, who has also added outfielder Jon Jay and reliever Brian Duensing.
But it is implied that Mr. Rubio, 18 years younger than Mr. Bush and competing with him for the moderate Republican vote, is the preferred alternative to the former Florida governor.
The report says investigators examined documents and interviewed current and former employees, and determined that the center’s research met meat-industry norms for how animals are treated.
Ms. Swiggett’s upbringing in Basking Ridge, N.J., was more conventional — playing field hockey and soccer and joining the Y.M.C.A.
Lasers seal the car’s lightweight aluminum exterior using techniques that the carmaker, General Motors, has only just introduced in the United States.
If the hallucinations and delusions do not cause distress, it may be best to go along with them, rather than to try to convince the person that they are not real.
And the one before that on confronting racism against Asian-Americans.
“By the end of the summer,” she said, “I would be able to stand up straight, finally, and go back to suffer another winter of asthma.” She later settled in Montana, married Harry Billings and raised her family there, including a son, Leon.
Arizona is seizing them, entering Tuesday’s games in second place, 11 points behind the Kings.
The language barrier between me and the boys only thickened our collective joy, as my interpreter Moriel was whisked into a barber chair for a playfully coerced beard trim, on the house.
His two-run, eighth-inning homer off Steve Karsay gave the Mets a stirring 3-2 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
The family moved to East Williston on Long Island when he was 9, the same year he decided that he wanted to be either a priest or a professional baseball player.
“That was going to be it, and the quarry was going to be a lake by mid-January,” he said.
To prepare for the festivities, the staff at Great N.Y. Noodletown in Chinatown have had their hands full — mostly with chicken, duck and roast pig.
Unlike the fans of Mr. Smith and Mr. Dallas, Mr. Wang’s had followed him in a literal sense, some from halfway around the world.
Three of the units ultimately melted down.
Glass shelves are mounted on a textured stone wall.
As one former pardon attorney put it , the prosecutors are “determinedly and irreconcilably hostile” to clemency.
The first thing I saw was “Me and My Girl.” And I loved it so much — I was singing “The Lambeth Walk” for weeks.
It ran out when Yahoo itself changed its mind about its direction and decided to start a full sale process .
In India, there are so many people asking for help or money one way or the other.
Wading into a delicate international issue, Mr. Cuomo set executive-branch and other state entities in opposition to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement , or B.D.S., which has grown in popularity in some quarters of the United States and elsewhere, alarming Jewish leaders who fear its toll on Israel’s international image and economy.
Rabbi Taub had escaped from Nazi-occupied Poland and made his way to Brooklyn in 1940 by way of Lithuania and Japan.
Some residents also express a deeper concern: The train is literally passing them by.
Her body was found by her housekeeper early Sunday morning.
Mr. Ezrilov, a longtime Volvo loyalist and a federal solutions director for Resolute Partners, felt the briefest flash of anxiety.
Josh Groban is among the cast for this Broadway bow.
All the performers are dab hands with an assortment of instruments, musical styles and instant impersonations.
“He said he wants to work with the U.S. and the Saudi government because terrorism hurts everyone.”
The Clippers, a perennial pick to surmount the misfortune of their sad-sack and sometimes salacious past, are out of the N.B.A.
There were no differences in brain tumors in the GSM-exposed rats.
“Deeper ties with the Saudis is, in part, an attempt by Ankara to counterbalance Iran’s growing clout in the region, especially in Syria and Iraq,” Ms. Tol said.
It didn’t have to be this way.
The number of new antibiotics being approved has dwindled over the last two decades, because of scientific challenges but also financial ones.
“The mouse is clever about elevators, vacuum cleaners, maids, peanut butter and aspirins and room service — and that is just too clever for credibility or fancy either.” ◆ Cleary went on to write about her own life, including in the 1995 memoir “My Own Two Feet,” which Perri Klass wrote about for the Book Review.
What would you like to see here to start your day?
As the play opens, in 2013, the Seagull (which Ms. Gancher, who has lived in Budapest, based on a real bar called Sirály) is under threat by the police.
The basics can seem even more confusing than the day-to-day details.
The clearest motivation for Mr. Abe was the need for a partner in defending against a rising China.
“So I definitely don’t want deer in here over the winter, eating the evergreens in our rock garden,” she said.
Dell’s “Innovation, Leadership and Discovery” program affords students an entire year to pursue projects related to population health and delivery system redesign.
Most photographers couldn’t do what I do because of deadlines.
On the northeast side of the city, which is wealthier and predominantly white, the shootings rarely come up in conversation.
The New York Times said the street more truly resembled the “ Avenue of the Navy ” that day.
In an interview, Cleveland’s police chief, Calvin D. Williams, said his officers planned to be restrained but expected to face difficult situations.
It is a level of patience the Yankees are never afforded.
After the game, Kansas credited Villanova’s ferocious defense.
The Chetna members grow their crops without genetically modified seeds or pesticides, and they use significantly less water than conventional farmers.
“Tell me what you see,” Ms. Olivares, 76, said.
Rezaian is coming home after a year and a half of groundless imprisonment.
“Birds would fly through while we worked,” Terry said.
“That’s what it looked like to me.” Andy Hale, a lawyer representing Officer Fry and his partner, Lou Toth, said the videos backed up the officers’ versions of events.
“I just wasn’t feeling connected to acting much anymore.” He found himself “shocked at how this worked.” (Mr. Donovan’s recollection of a shard of an image — “a dog licking a black pot on a street” — seemed absurd to him at the time, but it helped him develop his lawyer character on the television series “Damages.” The New York Times asked actors in current and recent stage shows to share what happens when a scripted persona becomes entangled in their own subconscious.
• We’ve now had a chance to review the iPhone 7 .
“The point of a mask is that it improves target delivery because it’s sitting on your skin,” he said.
The problem is that labor market adjustment is too slow.” As such, Mr. Hanson calls for changes in our own economy: reforms to labor, housing and safety-net policy that would make it easier and less painful for workers to move to new regions and switch to new industries — whether such moves were necessitated by global trade or any other economic shifts.
Fast relief was a pill away — Percocet, an opioid painkiller — but Dr. Alexis LaPietra did not want to prescribe it.
“We worked real hard to get ourselves in position to make a run for this thing, and the last week or so has been tough.” It has been especially tough for Betances, who took over as the closer after Miller and Chapman were dealt for prospects in late July, and Clippard, who had been acquired to be the top setup man.
Slightly more successful, though just as limp, were a pair of diminutive soft shell crabs offered as a special.
The wound in the groin, he said, seemed too linear, and devoid of tissue damage, to have been caused by bites, which, he said in an email, “tend to cause jagged, irregular wounds with multiple punctures.” Mr. Moore said he had identified an eyewitness who would attest that the dog “attacked Mr. Shumpert in his groin.” In his lawsuit, Mr. Moore also claims that the dog “severely clawed Mr. Shumpert on his back and inflicted other injuries and bruises,” and that the officer punched him in the face and “kicked or stomped” his mouth, knocking his teeth toward his throat.
He then burned his Ph.D. and died of alcoholism.
“Everything is harnessed in the service of conveying the force of Momma Rose as a solar center that scorches more than it ever nurtures,” Ben Brantley wrote in The Times.
In Cincinnati, Stacey Allen, left, and Sean Allen kissed at the end of their wedding ceremony.
The festival focuses on heady, experimental theater pieces, and works that push genre boundaries.
That would leave Estonia to fend for itself.
The nominee, who has electrified audiences with jeremiads against Hispanics and Muslims , has disregarded the former president’s effort to create a durable Republican majority by broadening the party’s appeal to a rapidly changing country.
The production is visually and aurally enchanting, but its creators still need to find the key to the story’s heart (1:15).
Mr. Wey, who designed the set, clearly defines his stage.
It’s almost blind.” What directors love about Huppert — and she prides herself on being an auteur’s actor — is her ability to convey moral complexity in the most unique ways.
“Reading between the lines and following Comey’s logic, it does sound as if the F.B.I.
I really believe that he can do great things and turn the world around.
Michael N. Alexander Lexington, Mass., June 5 The writer is a physicist and an emeritus chief technology officer of the Electromagnetics Technology Division of the Air Force Research Laboratory.
But that would only compound the damage Mr. Comey has done, violate the Justice Department’s rule and further politicize the F.B.I.
A Palestinian gunman made a brazen choice of location for a deadly rampage on Sunday: Driving a speeding car, he fired at civilians near a light rail stop opposite Israel ’s national police headquarters, on the main road that runs between West Jerusalem and the predominantly Palestinian eastern part of the city.
But the government has a serious reason for this policy.
Yet only about 3,400 people applied for asylum in Mexico, according to government figures.
Why, for example, does a now-blind former rifleman spend so much time in his “nunya bidness” room, where he’s made an entire “outdoor” oasis, complete with birds and fake grass and even a recorded breeze?
“The players are supposed to be so macho and all, but hey, they’re human beings, and they’re away from home and their families.
The Jaquez family had sued for unspecified damages.
(Soloski) ‘Smokefall’ (in previews; opens on Feb. 22) In Noah Haidle’s surrealist drama, last seen at Chicago’s Goodman Theater, four generations of a Michigan family love, lose and linger.
The Shorefront Y provided the family with $1,631 to help pay their July mortgage payment.
It was a classic deal for the billionaire, who has traditionally favored acquisitions involving well-known names and strongly performing businesses.
At 8 p.m., Community Church of New York, 40 East 35th Street, 800-838-3006, aacm-newyork.com.
“We can have our disagreements with him, but that doesn’t mean there’s an impeachable offense,” Mr. Hatch said last week.
But once multiple users could gain access to data from unprotected locations, anyone with certain skills could hack into the network — and, once inside, roam at will, pilfering unclassified and secret files alike.
“The people who want to do this make enormous sacrifices,” said Mr. Rattner, who is a contributing writer to The Times.
Several other regulatory , scientific and health organizations have previously also concluded that the foods are safe.
Cookie hates seeing her children fight, but her de-escalation attempts usually just raise the volume and provide her a means to exercise control, as if they’re still toddlers who need a raised voice and a firm hand to behave.
They came to the United States when they were about Sarai’s age.
The real danger to religious Zionism comes not from the Palestinians or from abroad, nor even from the dwindling Israeli left.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 108.75 points, or 0.6 percent, to 17,840.62.
This was in large part because of the woman by his side with the long dreadlocks, tiny nose ring and activist past.
I’m turning my TV eyes to steady joys this week instead, and I hope you are, too.
Trevor Booker, his defender, was a step late, and Antetokounmpo shot over the top of him.
No one comes for the girls, at least not for the black and brown ones.
Several economists said Mr. Xi’s supply-side initiative may turn out to be cosmetic — promising market liberalization yet magnifying state control.
I didn’t see Obama leave an empty seat for them” during the State of the Union speech, Ike wrote.
SOUTHAMPTON Claudia Aronow solo exhibition.
The leader communicated the new directive to his troops.
Though he’s 53, in local-speak he’s a garden kid, part of the old guard.
A similar argument can be made about Mitt Romney and Al Gore, two of the more awkward national candidates in recent years.
But maybe the team can prove them wrong.
Pick: Bills 4:25 p.m. Line: Raiders by 3 ½ A game that was going to be heavy on offense and light on defense became more so when it was announced that Jason Verrett, San Diego’s top cornerback, would miss the rest of the season with a partial tear of an anterior cruciate ligament.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, 800-447-7400, telecharge.com.
She took the children back to Istanbul, and her husband and nephew sailed off to Greece.
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 was supposed to end all that.
Other stock analysts took note that Microsoft, which includes stock-based compensation in its non-GAAP earnings calculation, made a point on Monday of saying that the combined company would follow Microsoft’s practice.
When it had its premiere in Sydney, The Daily Telegraph called it “blisteringly brilliant.” Adapted by Andrew Upton, Ms. Blanchett’s husband, it is a bold and boldly comic rendering of Chekhov’s first full-length play, never performed in his lifetime and discovered in a safe deposit box in 1920, 16 years after his death.
Is there a tragic dimension to his trajectory as well?
“We urge the U.S. Congress to stop the approval procedure of the bill,” he told reporters at a news conference on Tuesday in Beijing .
His swing coach, Cameron McCormick, has suddenly become the most popular interview on the Tour, but Spieth has not gotten his swing back because, more than anything, he is trying to become comfortable trusting it.
In economic, cultural and social terms, America is less centralized.
In briefings to Mr. Obama and on Capitol Hill, intelligence agencies have said they now believe that what began as an effort to undermine the credibility of American elections morphed over time into a much more targeted effort to harm Mrs. Clinton, whom Mr. Putin has long accused of interfering in Russian parliamentary elections in 2011.
I can imagine Brian arguing some complex point of corporate law — he always makes those best-in-the-profession lists in the magazines — with similar precision and attention to the dirty practicalities.
WATER MILL “Radical Seafaring,” two-dimensional works, sculptural objects, vessels, models, film and video, off-site commissions and boat trips on East End waterways.
“The movie’s main problem,” Neil Genzlinger wrote in The New York Times, “is that the actual story of the Suicide Forest is more unsettling than this fictional one.” (Image: Ms. Dormer) THE APARTMENT (1960) 8 p.m. on TCM .
Parul Sehgal, the Book Review’s senior editor, named “The End of Days,” “a gloomy and tricksy novel by the German writer Jenny Erpenbeck, which was published in translation in 2014 and has acquired a kind of cultlike following.
Sign up now to get NYT Parenting in your inbox every week.]
But it’s gotten a little bit harder for just about everyone.” Follow Brendan Hoffman on Instagram .
The one-question interview technique we recommended in a lesson plan about philanthropy we published during the Great Recession .
Robin confesses at the outset that he is horrified by the Wohlstetters’ nuclear brinkmanship, but says he has made a diligent effort to provide a balanced, nonjudgmental account of their work.
A worried looking doctor told her that he didn’t know what was wrong with her boy.
The title is equivalent to Halep’s greatest previous success, in Indian Wells, Calif., in March 2015.
Archive: Inside The New York Times Book Review Podcast
He has had conversations with a number of us on the management end, including myself, and I am confident that he is going to continue to conduct himself in a manner that we expect him to do.” Brown, 37, made the Pro Bowl last season when he converted 30 of 32 field-goal attempts.
“The producers work really hard, everything is made by hand.
Others raided the dispensary for drugs to shoot up.
We’re standing by to help: cookingcare@nytimes.com .
I guess in this case I was wrong.” Tony Buzbee, Mr. Perry’s lead defense lawyer, disputed Mr. McCrum’s assertions and described the majority opinion as appropriate.
And we’ll be breathing an epic sigh of relief: that Donald Trump isn’t bound for the White House; that the ugliness of the campaign is at last behind us.
The fertility industry continues to grow without regulation or consumer protections.
growth and carbon emissions need not rise in tandem, and that the era of decoupling could be starting.
How important was it for you that she remain bisexual?
Fuel economy targets are so high that less than 5 percent of today’s increasingly energy-efficient vehicles can meet 2022 standards, according to the Environmental Protection Agency’s own report.
and leave notes on them for yourself or for others if you’ve discovered a shortcut or substitution worth sharing.
“I helped, and so did my three budget directors.
But those predictions of decline were worse than random: In the years when the market did fall, 9 percent of forecasts — never enough to counter the bullish consensus — predicted that it would happen, essentially the same as in a year in which the market rose.
Among them, the four candidates represent many decades of law-enforcement, criminal-defense and judicial experience.
Not that long ago, hundreds of the animals lived in the United States.
Pliskova deserves much credit for handling the moment and beating another Williams sister at the U.S. Open.
That status will be underscored at the Open as it returns to Troon for the first time since 2004.
If it wasn’t so terrifying, it would be the most brilliant comedy of errors, ever.
At the same time, the attacks from Right to Rise, the Bush-allied super PAC, would come to an end.
“We invited the candidate who cites the pope the most in his campaign, and that is Senator Bernie Sanders,” said Bishop Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo, the academy’s chancellor.
One red flag is usually the number of posts and the span of time the account has been active.
But the pies at the new restaurant don’t need any such qualification.
That figure was sharply higher than the roughly $1.5 billion the state and federal governments said would be spent over the next decade on all measures to protect the reef.
By not being part of the daily cycle of news, and watching this evolve, I was able not to be co-opted into the narrative Trump creates.
Ozick’s extreme congeniality took me by surprise, though perhaps it shouldn’t have: All writers live under an assumed identity.
Santigold , as the songwriter Santi White calls herself, danced across those distinctions at Hammerstein Ballroom on Saturday night.
Forty-four percent,” said Marshall Foote, 40, of Seabrook, Tex., holding a can of Lone Star Light.
Mr. Gilmore, the former governor of Virginia, criticized his rivals for participating in Mr. Trump’s event, which he considered a sideshow.
The United States has not fractured since the Civil War, despite any flaws and abuses of government institutions.
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg’s Sandwich Shop , a tiny, no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
The ad highlights an unfamiliar and uncomfortable glimpse of Mr. Cruz: off-script, struggling to keep his story straight, uttering words that will inflame conservatives alarmed about illegal immigration, and stammering like Elmer Fudd caught without even his pop gun.
It puts teeth in the “undue burden” test, the standard applied to abortion regulations since 1992.
The oscillations in space caused by gravitational waves are so small that those ripples in length had never been seen.
It was 1977 and I was the only woman on a committee of men creating the first Chicago Marathon.
The sugar mill in the middle of the resort was a reminder that the inhabitants had once been slaves and left us wondering about the spirits who roamed there.
TAXES: Approximately $11,400 a year CONTACT: Erin Yabroudy, Dorsey Alston Realtors, (404) 591-6518; dorseyalston.com
We are done tolerating the bigotry, injustice and social inequality on campus.
Legislators in Illinois, Tennessee, Florida and West Virginia have proposed requiring or allowing high school seniors to take the college admissions tests instead of ones tied to common standards.
There is no compelling evidence that the current cost-of-living adjustment is too high.
When Mr. Gebhard showed up at the house of the officer’s relative in Lakeshire, St. Louis County, he repeatedly rang the doorbell, banged on windows and doors and demanded to enter.
So I’m really happy.” For Casey, on the other hand, a PGA drought continued.
In those instances CityBridge has started seeking approvals from local community boards to place the machines in other spots.
I don’t want to insult our host.
But he never said another word about my hair.
About 7,000 students will share in the settlement, according to their lawyers.
Under no circumstances does a Longhorns fan root for the Aggies, or vice versa.
And yet, over these 30 years, she has not been found guilty of a crime or misdeed.
She was admitted, and the doctors there got another CT scan, of her chest and her abdomen.
I got out of my car, asked the boy if he was looking for his mother and sister (he nodded) and simply assured him that they were coming back.
“The Turks suffer much less from an identity crisis,” Mr. Moureaux said.
The match on Friday with Thiem, a 22-year-old newcomer, will be Djokovic’s sixth straight semifinal appearance at the French Open, and his eighth semifinal appearance there over all.
He puts the kettle on and asks who it is as he comes on deck.
“Now, I don’t know what they think.” And so a Pandora’s box of unimaginables has been opened.
Oklahoma Coach Lon Kruger cited the San Antonio Spurs and the Golden State Warriors, the two most recent N.B.A.
Amazon said it does not plan to decrease its drone investments in the United States and will continue to push for F.A.A.
MoMA describes “From the Collection: 1960-1969” as “a multifaceted look at a decade of artistic experimentation,” which may establish perimeters.
So with the race in a temporary dead heat, it’s worth pondering what unexpected events might pave Trump’s still-unlikely path to the White House.
Rather than exhaust himself as Bryan did, by frantic barnstorming and lengthy speechmaking, McKinley ran a campaign that was “almost industrial in scale.” Some 750,000 persons, organized in handpicked clusters of occupational, ethnic and regional blocs, were brought to McKinley’s front porch in Canton, Ohio.
Mr. Bracey has myopic degeneration, a congenital retinal condition that has worsened his vision with age, especially in recent years.
“I think it’s wonderful” that a woman will be at the top of the ticket, Ms. Kowal said.
“Her work is so witty and humorous in its precision and its exactitude that there are times when that really comes out,” she said.
Younger children are especially vulnerable until their bodies have developed enough antibodies.
For Mr. Obama, the visit was a chance to galvanize three major economies behind the advances made in the Paris climate-change accord, at a time when Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has clouded the prospects for multilateral cooperation and the durability of international agreements.
Jeb Bush of Florida suspended his campaign, Mr. Kasich also paid tribute to Mr. Bush, complimenting him and the Bush family “for the many years of great work and service to our country” “Jeb is a great guy,” he said.
While men are awake, all they know is to play bawo.” Mr. Brennan went further into the prison, to the small women’s ward, which recently held 35 women and three children.
Ignorance, we might say, no longer plagues us.
But in a state grappling with a large and growing bear population, his fans — and there are many; he even has his own Facebook fan page — are divided on whether he should be put in a wildlife sanctuary or left alone to continue living his bipedal life.
Amazingly, the camp administration failed to make the connection between his name and that of the author of “Success.” Six weeks later he was released and began making plans to take his family out of Germany.
In maintaining his muscular 195 pounds, the 5-foot-10 Newman does not deprive himself — at the steakhouse, he ordered lamb chops and a Caesar salad with anchovies — but he rarely indulges.
“And now I have a little girl myself, so I play football to take care of my family and my daughter.
(Officers in Chicago, the nation’s third-largest city, killed civilians at a higher rate than the Houston police did over that period, records show.)
Mayo was forcibly removed from the court by coaches and security guards after he picked up two technical fouls in the first quarter.
The tuxedo felt like a straitjacket.
Mr. Hartman repositioned the boat so I could get a shot at a second pod.
“As such, it is a document that is legally nonexistent,” a spokeswoman, Natalia Briseño, wrote in an email.
Cup final in nine years with a 2-1 victory over Everton.
The union expressed openness to moving from a defined benefit pension plan to a defined contribution plan, provided there were provisions to help those most adversely affected — but they balked at the large pay cut.
Before they met him, they were uncertain about the future now that Suguiyama had departed.
“We can think of the shift as a Latin American variant of the West’s blossoming romance with anti-establishment movements,” Mohamed A. El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at Allianz, the German financial services giant, wrote in a recent essay.
Mr. Kim was born in South Korea but moved to the United States as a child and became a citizen.
I went to Jacmel, which is a beautiful city on the coast that’s full of colonial architecture.
Dr. Bruner was a researcher at Harvard in the 1940s when he became impatient with behaviorism, then a widely held theory, which viewed learning in terms of stimulus and response: the chime of a bell before mealtime and salivation, in Ivan Pavlov’s famous dog experiments.
The driving pair of Marcus Ericsson and Felipe Nasr has been maintained.
“I like the fact that he recognizes we are playing on an unlevel field,” Mr.
Renovation work on the gardens will cost $1.5 million or more, Ms. Clary said.
The state’s Board of Elections would publish the returns on its website.
No,” said David Winston, a strategist for House Republican leaders.
With precision and a hint of showmanship, Arnold skinned and gutted the 90-pound animal.
What an incredible nation we have that the son of a bartender, and the son of a mailman, and the son of a dishwasher, and a successful businessman can all stand on this stage, competing, and asking for your support.
‘A Voyage Through Jewish History’ (Continuing) This journey involves not just miles, but years.
The Penguins scored a critical power-play goal at the end of the second period on Tuesday and are 4 for 13 in the series.
“There was a belief that the war would end soon, there would be an influx of German toys when those factories came back, and they’d sell their toys at low prices which might hurt the U.S. toy industry,” he said.
They said the court had acted rashly in reversing the conviction of a Louisiana death row inmate because of prosecutorial misconduct.
The fact that her complexion, like her accent, seems to shift from one scene to the next is unlikely to help.
He is the author of the trilogy “The Origins of the Cultural Revolution” and, with Michael Schoenhals , of “ Mao’s Last Revolution .” In an interview, he discussed the relevance of that era for contemporary China.
Juries in Georgia have delivered only four death sentences in the last six years.
Mr. Ledezma said he did not realize that men could be infected or that the virus could be transmitted sexually.
“The chief had two options, and he went with this one.
A Venezuelan Embassy biography said Mr. Álvarez was married and had three children.
In fact, the State Department began disciplinary proceedings against an ambassador to Kenya, J. Scott Gration , for his use of a personal email account — in effect, mimicking the practice of his boss.
Before the show’s opening, Ms. Akpan spent a 10-day residency at the center, overseeing “I’m Tired” photo shoots with dozens of community members, including local high school and middle school students and children from the Peekskill Youth Bureau.
“I am your own forever.” When these words are uttered in the electrifying new production of “Othello,” which opened on Monday night at the New York Theater Workshop , you feel you’ve heard the most frightening vow ever spoken.
(Helena is now Helenus, appealingly played by Ankur Bahl.)
One answer is a current trend of airport architecture that evokes an airport’s region and cityscape, yet doesn’t get bogged down in the small details of the interior design.
The foundation’s president, Harold O.
(That statement, made well after the cyberattacks on the Democratic organizations, was called borderline treasonous by some Democrats, and Mr. Trump later said that he was being sarcastic.)
Which genres do you especially enjoy reading?
But the problem has gotten worse.
The report cited 15 deaths, adding a victim who lived at a nursing home damaged by the blast and died shortly afterward.
When Ms. McCall received a call from Ms. Caruth’s cellphone early Monday morning, she was expecting an apology.
The new object, designated 2015 RR245, was first spotted in February as the astronomers looked through images taken five months earlier.
They called their targets “cockroaches.” “I don’t know why these people hate,” Abdulkadir Mohamed, 68, a community leader in Garden City, said one recent afternoon.
We need Democratic unity in the fall.
“They were still engaged and they were talking about the game, and they still had a little bit of agitation of being pulled off the field, so I could still hear the comments every so often,” Banister said.
That’s where our tax dollars should go.” The Spanoses want to move their team to Inglewood.
But scientists say it is not that simple.
The proposal on the ballot would raise the state minimum to $13.50 by 2020, from $9.47.
“Blitzer!” a man calls out.
About 10 minutes before the event started, Mr. Trump’s children and his wife, Melania, entered the hall.
“The louder you are, the more quickly the government will respond.” In Lianyungang and across China, the nuclear calamity in Fukushima, Japan, in 2011 has hardened public wariness of nuclear power, although the government argues that expanding the industry is essential for weaning the economy off coal, with all of its dangerous pollutants.
They are, if not the hub, the apex of social life at Harvard — upscale surrogates for those classic centers of college merriment, sororities and fraternities.
Keep an eye on North Carolina and Florida, too.
“Now I get to play this character for whom whether she can stand on a stage with a man and be more petite than he is is nowhere in the equation.” The show’s director, Sam Gold, who has been restaging it for the road, said that Ms. Shindle’s history and her union activism help her with the role.
Now I look at things differently, but at the time, yeah.
What’s more, the supervisors’ vote was a rare setback for Airbnb, which often cited San Francisco as a city that understood how to support innovation.
A covenant exists between people who understand they are part of one another.
“Sounds vague and nebulous to me,” Moody complains, to which Hathaway sensibly replies, “Well, this is Oxford, sir.” Police work aside, the final season maintains the show’s crumpetlike pleasures and eccentric tics.
As a kid, I loved the Phillies, but I knew my 1970s and ’80s connection to the game had to end: I was born into the Cubs family, and I was supposed to die in that Cubs family.
“The doctor said I need to sleep and relax,” she told me.
“It is easy to convince people to go to the Premier League,” he said.
It extends hunting outside the regular three-month season to licensed hunters or professionals, but allows them to shoot only wild boars and roe and fallow deer of a certain age and gender and with regimented procedures.
After nearly eight years with Mr. Obama, Mr. Netanyahu for the first time may feel little or no American pressure to make concessions.
The disagreement is instead based on mutual distrust, which is fueled by the incompetence and corruption that have formed the basis of Iraq’s political system since 2003.
This provision is intended to freeze out private providers like Planned Parenthood, which Republicans love to hate.
John Kasich of Ohio finished second in New Hampshire, where he concentrated virtually all his energy and campaign spending in the race and offered himself explicitly as a softer-edged Republican who could work with Democrats in Washington.
Michoacán doubled its avocado exports over the last seven years to 770,000 tons — worth roughly $1.5 billion.
No one wants to part with what little cash there is, and the acute shortage of legal tender in the marketplace is badly straining the economy.
Although collaborators would not face criminal charges, the party says it wants to expose people who have never acknowledged their moral responsibility.
(Brantley) ‘On Your Feet!’ This latest jukebox musical to plug in to Broadway’s power strip tells the story of Gloria and Emilio Estefan’s rise to pop-chart success with crowd-pleasing flair and plenty of itchy-feet-making dance music.
A mere 14 percent of voters 18 to 29 view him positively, while 65 percent of such young voters have a negative opinion about him.
“I always speak to God,” said Ms. Ramos.
To that end, Bugatti is recalling 85 of its Veyron 16.4 supercars in the United States.
He says the ebbs and flows aren’t confined to one or two months, but swing wildly throughout the year, sometimes with different groups coming and going.
Attendees were treated to breathtaking views of the Atlantic Ocean, champagne and a raw bar.
BRUNI: I think this naysaying about DiCaprio has gone too far.
“The technology is there,” he said.
The governor’s office already has a prototype for a procurement officer position in Bart Schwartz, a former prosecutor who was hired to lead an internal investigation into contracting practices and lobbying as the scandal grew.
But if you’re interested in Grolier’s aesthetic opposite, go to the fabulous Books & Books.
“I turned around and realized it was somebody I didn’t know.
They’d be able to figure it out.
Which moments in Elizabeth’s 90-year-and-counting life and 62-year-and-counting reign provide decisive moments of character?
“We lost energy about it.” She added, “We could do better, but we didn’t do better.” Arnaud di Pasquale, captain of the French team at the Olympics, decried Mladenovic’s comments as “unfortunate and unacceptable,” although he declined to comment further this week.
Thus “Barkskins.” Proulx employs a sophisticated narrative strategy of oscillating focus.
Brissett finished the day having run the ball eight times for 48 yards.
Caroline Wright, a catering manager who works among the city’s elegant pastel buildings, said her company had suffered from about 20 canceled weddings over the weekend; her roommate’s retail store had already been closed for five days.
It was the fifth of nine murders recorded this year in the 40th Precinct, the second-deadliest precinct in New York City after the 75th in East New York.
At El Vez in Battery Park City, the chef, David LaForce, roasts a pig’s head to a glorious burnish, making it the centerpiece for dinner.
The protest prompted the Chinese company Sinohydro, which had the contract to build the dam, to withdraw from the project.
Angel L. Lopez, a staff member in the Office of the City Clerk, officiated.
“If you look at the pullouts this year, many I couldn’t even do something about it,” he said.
For countless displaced residents, it is the lost things money cannot replace that will haunt them.
What struck me most was how upbeat they were.
One of those attempts, on the life of President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933, built momentum for the National Firearms Act , which mandated the registration of guns.
“My father is the father of Miss Trans Israel.”
Because in a world filled with so much stuff, Raf Simons creates something that matters.
But Trump presents a much more complex weather system for his ticket-mates to navigate than either of these cases.
“As we pull him out, within five seconds later, the truck goes up,” Mr. Foxx told reporters .
The inclusion of this video, while obviously pertinent to the show’s theme, made me a bit queasy.
Eventually, he and the others were sent home for four months to try to keep losing weight on their own.
Trimble finished with 24 points and made 13 of his 14 free throws.
You’re allowed to carry one on parts of the trail, but the park service would rather you didn’t.
Let’s just say this: It hadn’t been updated since the 1940s, and paint chips had a tendency to fall into the pots and pans.
We could also include stimulants used to treat disorders like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or A.D.H.D., in this group.
New coal and timber leases in the national forests.
If Mr. Trump was “squealing like a stuck pig,” as the former mayor said at one point, “I must have done something right.”
The security imperative of a young and modern state of Israel built on ancient moral foundations.
The homes will then be offered to families in need.
Marni (center), another brand fond of graphic motifs, showed a knee-length tunic in a pattern that recalled abstract art.
The walls in Kendra and Allan Daniel’s townhouse are crowded — very crowded.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped more than 100 points in early trading, but those losses shrank as technology companies and chemicals makers added to the big gains they had made in recent months.
Mr. Thibodeau’s study cites People magazine’s 2013 attempt to have some of its “sexiest men” make “the worst word sound hot!” But Jason Riggle, a linguistics professor at the University of Chicago, said the excessive focus on moist might have made a broader understanding of word aversion more difficult.
The grainy, abject ineptitude of what you see onscreen matches your burned-out mood.
Submit its name to the London bookstore Heywood Hill , which is celebrating its 80th birthday this year, sometime before midnight Oct. 31.
The creditors also offered to buy an additional $115 million of bonds from Prepa to help cover the cost of a debt-service payment that the utility made on Jan. 1.
The British have voted to break with the European Union.
QUOGUE “Bess Frelinghuysen Ratliff: Works in Pastel,” solo show.
But in the last two years, the gains have stopped.
The 2011 riots echoed disturbances that shook the Brixton neighborhood of London no fewer than three times — in 1981 , 1985 and 1995 — in response to anger at police treatment of black residents.
The nonprofit started as a website, interfaithfamily.com , to help couples plan interfaith weddings and find rabbis willing to jointly officiate ceremonies.
Sunday • Dancers from the School of American Ballet share secrets to becoming successful ballerinas , at Queens Theater in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park.
Photo Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa presented his candidacy for FIFA president.
All but one guard and three inmates were killed by the authorities in what a prosecutor branded a wanton State Police “turkey shoot.” Over decades of litigation, the inmates were gradually cleared of additional penalties.
I call this cyber-­exhibitionism.” After labeling Weiner from afar — never a likable practice, and one that’s been banned as irresponsible by the American Psychiatric Association — she goes on to sucker-punch him.
Worse, there are the superheroes.
The film is the opening-night feature at Cannes in May.
City Center Stage II, 131 West 55th Street, 212-581-1212, minttheater.org.
By the time the case made its way to the desk of Justice Holmes, himself an eager eugenicist, readers are hardly surprised by his chilling opinion.
Mr. Trump is back in peak midprimary form.
The anti-corruption agencies are perceived not only as partisan but as brazenly flouting the rule of law: The Department of State Security recently barged into the homes of various judges at midnight, harassing and threatening them and arresting a number of them, because the judges’ lifestyles “suggested” that they were corrupt.
The final in 1991 still had an edge, and though Agassi started strong and was up a set and a break, the match turned — like so many big Grand Slam and French Open matches through the years — on a rain delay.
Last year in the city of Luoyang, in central China, the authorities used drones to catch people using radios to broadcast answers.
Previous reports had said the attackers were stopped at a checkpoint near the building.
Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, 718-592-9700, queensmuseum.org.
“I have head lice,” they announced proudly to their classmates as they packed up to go home.
So my question for you is this: Why not?
Apple’s consumer products still rely on technology that originated in federally funded research.
When Bishop Barber was a student at the Jesuit novitiate, a training seminary in Los Gatos, Calif., he picked grapes with a small cutting knife in the college’s vineyards, planted in the 1880s, as did Jerry Brown, the current governor, who was once a student there.
Occasionally we have some fun.
; and Bruce Levingston, an American pianist — are known for their expressive range.
“I have much admiration and respect for Michael,” he said.
Mr. Abbasi’s band Invocation, which features Mr. Mahanthappa and Mr. Weiss along with the pianist Vijay Iyer, the bassist Johannes Weidenmüller and the cellist Elizabeth Means, taps into the complex classical traditions of South Indian Carnatic music.
And in a sign of how indispensable the social network is to people, the amount of money the company can squeeze from each user globally jumped to $3.82, up from $2.76 a year earlier.
After that, I use avocado, smashed in a bowl, and put that on to hydrate my skin.
It also proved to be the capstone of my trip.
In the Democratic presidential primary, Bernie Sanders is calling for a political revolution, saying his movement can sweep in policy changes that would seem impossible in traditional American politics.
One of Ms. Prueitt’s newest additions to the menu is an ice cream pie filled with Concord grape sorbet and fior di latte soft-serve in a peanut butter tart shell, which has been celebrated on Instagram for its swirls of deep, vibrant purple.
A Midtown listing led them to Richard Rojas, a salesman at Compass real estate.
Ben Whishaw and Bertie Carvel, each a major talent in his own right, faced off for the first time to giddy and then grimly compelling effect in James Macdonald’s production of “The Bakkhai” by Euripides.
I scoured the pages of Backstage furtively, as if it were a pornographic pamphlet from the 18th century, but I never vocalized my desire.
Paul Anderer, who teaches Japanese literature and film at Columbia University, has written a well-researched study that is part biography of Kurosawa, part cultural history of modern Japan and part film monograph.
Explaining the rise of the fear of clowns in his new book, “The Education of a Circus Clown,” David Carlyon points to the first Deep Thoughts with Jack Handey on “Saturday Night Live” in 1991: “To me, clowns aren’t funny,” it began.
Yet, there are hidden economic lessons, if you delve into the costs of goods and services.
Or will it be left to the mercy of the rebels, who promised not to loot or destroy private property or kill civilians?
And to work on a Mets highlight film, when they were winning, was the greatest.” Roy Epstein, another producer and fan, said: “I was two years out of college.
That was partly a consequence of the death of Justice Antonin Scalia .
A landmark Roman arch that was destroyed by Islamic State fighters in Palmyra, Syria, stood proudly once again on Tuesday, this time as a replica built from digital models that was installed in Trafalgar Square in London.
It’s surprising how many younger people I meet at conventions — a whole kind of echo boom of “X-Files” fans has grown up.
From 7 to 9 p.m., Pier 16, South Street Seaport, Fulton and South Streets, Lower Manhattan, 212-742-1969, nywatertaxi.com/tours/audubon.
In the wake of the comments late last year, which spurred a global outcry, interest surged in a petition calling for Mr. Trump, a Republican presidential contender and real estate developer, to be barred from Britain on the basis of laws against hate speech.
Already, some companies are on the verge of bankruptcy and the collateral backing their loans is shedding value, raising the prospect of large losses in the banking system.
Progress, luckily, is often a self-accelerating force.
Ecology, rather than biology, may be to blame.
A critic for Booklist called “The Nix” an “engrossing, skewering and preternaturally timely tale” and compared it to works by Donna Tartt, Michael Chabon, Tom Wolfe and John Irving.
On immigration, Mr. Trump argued that Mrs. Clinton wanted to give illegal immigrants “amnesty” and that “she wants to have open borders.” “We have to have strong borders, we have to keep the drugs out of our country — right now we’re getting the drugs, they’re getting the cash,” he added.
In turn, no other society has received as much attention as South Africa for its efforts to address this legacy of hatred and segregation.
Each time he refuses to leave until the credits stop rolling.
The role roughly combines the duties of an American mayor and a state governor.
In December, the commission was awarded to Kengo Kuma, a Japanese architect who had been a prominent critic of her design.
Turkey’s military involvement in Syria and Iraq is partly a response to the perception that Iran is increasingly encroaching on its historic sphere of influence, especially in and around the Aleppo and Mosul battlefields close to its southern border.
“I flew in from Chicago so before I went to my room, I said, ‘Well, who is still working?’” The answer?
She has several other residences, including Windsor Castle, which suffered a major fire in 1992 that raged for nine hours and wrecked large parts of the structure.
That’s tough enough for an actor, but with her extensive background on the stage, I imagine it’s the least of the challenges Ms. Ireland finds in the role.
The lower house approved the measures this month.
“This is the way it is, so now all we can do is accept it and make the most of it and hope that there are going to be some surprises.” In fact, the series’ stakeholders have had such a difficult time agreeing on the new regulations that ratification was first delayed from the end of February to the end of April, and with Saturday as the final deadline, the team directors managed to make their final agreement on Friday in Sochi.
In March, for example, Mr. Obama told a Cuban audience that the United States had previously tried to “exert control over Cuba” and treated it as “something to exploit.” By tacitly rejecting past American behavior, Mr. Obama signaled that he would not repeat it.
In the end, it came down to a choice between Mrs. May and another woman, Andrea Leadsom .
But she is unable to enjoy her performance on TV, or the outpouring of love from “Jeopardy!” watchers.
Both tell tales of small towns and overworked parents, about feeling like outsiders and battling class discrimination.
There’s a lot of research to suggest that this might be the case.
The Prussians once paraded on the grounds that are now Tempelhof.
Todd Pletcher became the 10th thoroughbred trainer to reach 4,000 victories when Eagle Scout, with the jockey Luis Saez aboard, won the fifth race at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Fla. Pletcher already is the No.
Click here for the developing story .
It could be a difficult sell for Mr. Cruz, considering some in the Republican establishment view him just as warily as they view Mr. Trump.
While some doubt whether Mr. Falih is the right person to lead this transition, others say only an insider has the credibility to do so.
The day before Americans voted for their next president, I met with Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz in the area she knows best — her district in southern Florida.
“It’s cool, isn’t it?” said Ty Van Burkleo, the Cleveland Indians’ hitting coach, who was given the book by his father as a teenager growing up in the Los Angeles area and still has a copy.
Read a complete article on the matches here.
The show is 10 pieces written for dance and I am playing Carrie in her piece that she wrote for the show.
They said the responses showed that the bank had “ample information about the scope of fraudulent sales practices” long before it reached a settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Bonus content: If you Google “gamboling in the LEA,” expecting to see all sorts of bucolic poetry, you will actually be asked if you meant to search for “gambling in the U.S.A.” Make of that what you will.
Splaying allows the legs to lie flat while the breast rises regally above them, which means you’re able to add wine and onions to the bottom of the pan without them touching the breast.
It was the group he has performed best with in primaries and polls.
We never want to the show to feel “torn from the headlines”…but I think it’s important that the cases reflect what’s going on in the world.
It started today at 6 a.m., but starts again tonight at 6 p.m. and goes through the night.
The Plaistedexpedition was racing against the spring melt, when half of the ice covering the Arctic Ocean would disappear.
and other sports organizations that spin the glory and don’t share the dangers of the spin.
It was a shot that could have changed the final outcome, as was a later penalty shot by Lukaku that was saved by David de Gea, United’s goalkeeper.
(He and his wife later started a summer Ojibwe-language camp on the reservation.)
To unseat Jordan’s Bulls as the presumed greatest team ever, the Warriors would have to end their season with their second consecutive N.B.A.
The extremist Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the suicide attack, south of Damascus near the Sayeda Zeinab shrine, a beloved place of worship, a haven for displaced Syrians and a crucial symbol that leaders have used to motivate pro-government Shiite militias.
Mr. Trump could be as few as 270 delegates from the 1,237 he needs when all of Tuesday’s delegates have been awarded.
The holiday closure of schools in France reduces flu cases by about 17 percent, according to another study .
You have a right to vote.
NORMAN SIEGEL New York The writer is a civil rights lawyer.
For existing superfans, this is more of an opportunity to revisit the ideas and anecdotes you already love.
I was happy about it.
In 1964, he mounted a successful campaign to represent a sprawling congressional district in the San Fernando Valley.
The Saudi Embassy in Baghdad, shut for 25 years, had reopened on Friday, a day before the diplomatic feud.
also sign up for Medicare drug plans to cover medicines that the V.A.
Arthur Miller is having quite a run on Broadway.
When the first thing mentioned by most people in relation to your team’s chances at improvement is the relative weakness of the other teams in your division, you know you are just a shade better than irrelevant.
A variety of events, such as dance performances and readings, accompany this exhibition; more information is at nybg.org/exhibitions/2016/orchid-show.
There is no better and quicker cure to America’s challenges than to grow the economy and stimulate private sector job creation.
They both had the strength and character I hope to achieve.
“Nobody really asked me what my preference was,” said Ms. Robyn, who works as a software engineer at the hospital and also serves on a transgender care committee there.
I ran three when I was pretty serious about it.
Often, the accusers simply want the accused expelled or kept at a safe distance.
During his tenure, the company has acknowledged the science underlying climate change and said it supports a carbon tax.
The novel is full of humor, even if an initially comic war between the cook and the housekeeper can’t help turning deadly.
“I see many of my Italian brothers in the room, many of you who love your planes and your cars, to go to fashion shows and buy dresses for your wives,” he said.
But the Warriors are within range of an equally rewarding accomplishment: the chance to be considered as the greatest regular-season team ever.
Even Keith Richards, slumming it with Jim Carroll (poet, musician and author of “The Basketball Diaries”), manages to look like just a guy with a guitar onstage.
We’re going to have to re-tilt the balance.
Mr. Trump stumbled out of the gate on Tuesday as he sought to bash the health law.
She and her team have tried to paint Mr. Trump as unfit to be commander in chief, to the point that a President Trump would pose a danger to the country.
I could either do something like mail his letters or I could go to a hotel room with him in the afternoon.
“We’re led by a man that either is not tough, not smart, or he’s got something else in mind,” Mr. Trump said.
In the fact that every Friday she posts pictures of herself making pots of spicy fish.
Norris Geyser Basin is the oldest and hottest of the park’s thermal areas, and below-surface temperatures have reached up to 459 degrees.
It’s the first time this sort of service has been available on Android proper.
Some scholars object to the idea that the law of war permits using a sliding scale when deciding how much protection various civilians will receive.
Although Angela, Terrence and Jamie share an apartment and take comfort in one another’s company, each is struggling with individual burdens.
Ten days later, records show, Mr. de Blasio met with Mr. Dussich in City Hall to thank him for the contributions.
“I’m going to represent myself,” he called out.
“Let’s see if you can defend any of it,” Mr. Kaine shot back.
In a survey of voters struck from the rolls in the state’s three largest counties, which take in Cleveland, Cincinnati and Columbus, those in Democratic neighborhoods were removed at roughly twice the rate as those in Republican neighborhoods, according to a Reuters report .
Cash flooded into a dizzying array of speculative assets, from property and copper to modern art to pu’er tea—and totoaba bladders.
The travel was extensive, and as he looked across waiting areas, runways and aircraft cabins, he couldn’t help but wonder why he had never seen much photography about air travel.
It’s so comfortable, I wear it all the time.
Initial word was that it would reopen in Chelsea by early 2015.
For the price of resettling one refugee in the United States, 12 could be resettled in a safe zone in their home region.
Cash may possess a fine baseball mind.
3LD Art & Technology Center, 80 Greenwich Street, at Rector Street, Lower Manhattan, 866-811-4111, 3ldnyc.org.
Those are not companies, but they have no problem taking their most valuable skills somewhere else.
[ WNYC ] • Woody Allen will begin filming a new movie on Coney Island next week.
Recently, my 12-year-old nephew told me out of the blue that he wasn’t vaccinated and wanted to be.
Probably the best thing that can be said for traveling with young children is that it teaches you to appreciate traveling without them, however puzzling the inflight announcements, however long the delays, however tightly spaced the seats.
Our heroines have taken over the Cortez (though, didn’t The Countess leave it to Ramona at the end of the last episode?)
occurred on the practice field; in high school, the rate is 60 to 75 percent.
The United States is Japan’s most important ally, and is legally obligated to defend it against attack.
And it’s not enough just to put our devices on vibrate or refrain from checking them.
“Don’t you think that voluntary servicemen who are celebrities would be even more popular?” asked Nam Kyung-pil, the governor of Gyeonggi Province and a likely presidential candidate next year.
The season begins Oct. 1.
Yet Mossack Fonseca’s own internal records subsequently indicated that she had not been designated a politically exposed person.
“We will never discourage anyone from voting,” read one email from Garry Terry, a Republican congressional district chairman.
The Upper West Side, some say, is the place to be if you’re a single Modern Orthodox Jew .
At one point the crowd broke into chants of “the people demand the downfall of the regime,” the signature call of the mass uprising in 2011 that led to the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak.
I think Zaha’s work is a beautiful balance between the futuristic and the organic, and I tried to stay true to that balance.
Both groups struggle with English.
TRUMP: OK, just so you understand — I know so much about trading about with China.
The talks were part of Mr. Obama’s push to show that his efforts to improve the United States’ standing in the region — including a diplomatic détente with Cuba, on display during his trip there this week — have succeeded after a period in which a leftist tide in Latin America cast the United States as a villain in the hemisphere.
I’m not going to argue with a [expletive] Irishman.
According to a 2012 agreement with the German media group Bertelsmann , which owns 53 percent of Penguin Random House, Pearson has the right to sell the stake back to the German group as early as this year.
“I’m going to meet my children,” I will say.
Organ donation rates are lowest among people between the ages of 50 and 75.
1 in men’s tennis history, at 20 years 9 months.
Ikea, not unlike West himself, is part of the zeitgeist.
A huge loss.” Many here noted that Mr. Bowie, a global star whose songs about being an outsider and an outcast gave him a particular cult status during the orgiastic, anything-goes 1970s, had touched their lives.
Maintain control, guarantee continuity & safeguard America.
Mrs. Clinton was far more restrained: She declined to match Mr. Trump’s volume when he yelled over her, and several times pointed viewers to the internet for fact-checking purposes, rather than going after Mr. Trump’s misstatements herself.
Many of those tickets quickly show up on resale websites with significant markup, up to 10 times their original face value.
Perhaps this reflects the physical toll of pregnancy, the difficulties of a complicated birth, the extra task of nursing or simply an unwillingness to shirk parenting duties.
The goal of the operation was to send a message to China, Taiwan and Vietnam that their attempts to restrict navigational rights by requiring other countries to obtain permission before entering the waters around the island were “inconsistent” with international law, Mr. Wright said.
Deep are the world’s oceans.
Re-elected with Republican, Democratic and Conservative Party endorsements, Justice Wood retired in 1996.
As in Darfur and Syria, that war was devastating for civilians: By some estimates, millions died of violence, starvation and disease.
I had so much fun.
So it’s tough, because you’ve got one shot to get a good release point when your arm’s coming across, instead of staying behind and throwing through it.” Yet when a pitcher does perfect an unorthodox motion, the deception can greatly enhance his stuff.
Ms. Steele’s Brigid is working two bartending jobs to pay off piles of student debt.
There is a huge difference between playing for points and playing friendlies.
Ms. Mitchell’s beautiful score is enhanced by superb performances (Patrick Page is a standout as Hades) and Rachel Chavkin’s spare but inventive direction (2:05).
In mid-June, the city said in budget documents that it anticipated 320,569 full-time and full-time equivalent positions by the end of the month.
“It is a little like when you were with a woman, and now you are no longer with her.” A Strange Freedom If Jose Canseco, the Oakland Athletics’ All-Star, had not decided to make a candy bar, Arocha might not have ended up in the majors.
In position papers, agency questionnaires and the résumés of incoming senior officials, the direction is clear — an about-face from eight years of policies designed to reduce climate-altering emissions and address the effects of a warming planet.
As you age, your dendrites — the antennas by which neurons receive information from other neurons — begin to shrink, he said.
The best-intentioned and brightest detectives are working on a shoestring in communities that have zero reason to trust them.
Get involved in support groups.
In court documents, prosecutors said that neither a well-intentioned father nor the threat of an F.B.I.
And the reason I say some of the greatest assets in the world, low debt, great cash flow, and filed.
A memo outlining the plan was sent to district superintendents, principals and charter school leaders later in the day.
“As an athlete, I put pressure on myself on my own.
Still, when Gallup first asked that question, in 1937, the figure was 33 percent.
In part, it’s a consequence of siloed medical practice.
At first glance, the loss of BP’s existing contribution, which was reported in January 2015 to be about 224,000 pounds, or nearly $319,000, a year over 17 years, may not seem like a major loss to a museum with an operating income of £92 million.
Maryland wants to build more than 16 miles of light rail to link its suburbs to Washington’s existing Metro system (which needs extensive repairs) and Amtrak.
In 1978 she had a breakout hit with “Runaways,” a musical revue about runaway teenagers that originated at the Public Theater’s Cabaret and made the move to Broadway, personally earning four Tony nominations.
Why in God’s name does Wall Street... (APPLAUSE) But let’s not — but let’s not — let’s not insult — let’s not insult the intelligence of the American people.
The interviewer can make a mistake, and record the wrong answer.
The kitchen measures about 250 square feet, with a brick floor, Corian countertops and Bosch appliances.
Clothes you have forgotten about could be “your new favorite thing,” she said, while there may be some pieces you wear all the time that should be retired.
The United States conducts about 75 percent of all strikes.
Until recently, Simeone has been constantly mentioned as a possible manager for Chelsea in the Premier League, though the word now is that Chelsea’s owner, Roman Abramovich, is looking for someone more inclined toward adventurous soccer than the uncompromising Simeone, whose teams fight and scrape for points.
Directed by Deirdre Kelly Lavrakas and recommended for theatergoers 9 and older, it traces the parallel journeys of two girls, one in contemporary Hawaii and the other thousands of years ago in Tahiti.
In nine of the cases, though, the defendant was fully exonerated of the crime and cleared of all charges.
Edmund G. Brown and his release on parole in 1966.
The Pulitzer winner Annie Proulx (“The Shipping News” and “Brokeback Mountain”) returns this week with “ Barkskins ” a multicentury, globetrotting, 736-page doorstop about greed and the rampant destruction of forests.
“I see TiVo as a product company that has some patents and Rovi is a patent company searching for a product, and that’s why this isn’t a bad match.” A combined company would generate about $800 million in revenue this year, on a pro forma basis, according to the companies’ estimate.
Then there is Andrew F. Puzder, the fast-food executive and opponent of raising the minimum wage, chosen as secretary of labor.
You can’t do that with steak.
In the last week of June that year, Mr. Obama was at 47 percent, with Mr. Romney at 44 percent, according to an NBC/Wall Street Journal survey.
“We can’t make these decisions in a vacuum,” said the spokesman, Thomas Skinner.
What about the vice presidency?
When she let go, she addressed Taylor with near disbelief.
Mr. Wani, who was in his early 20s, had gained prominence over the past several years in the region, becoming one of the faces of the movement opposed to India’s control over part of Kashmir.
Mr. Sanders was introduced at the rally on Thursday by Katherine Figueroa Bueno, a teenage immigration activist who, at the age of 9, saw her parents being detained on television in a workplace raid led by Sheriff Arpaio.
He says that his campaign is $35 million under budget.
“We’re almost done,” Joe Alexis, an assistant district attorney, said as Ms. Butler sobbed.
“I think the real subliminal message Trump is saying is this: The U.S. can afford to survive and prosper without any allies if it was forced to cut off all ties, but the converse isn’t true,” said Chung Min Lee, a professor of international relations at Yonsei University in Seoul.
Farther east, scores of civilians were said by locals to have been killed in airstrikes by the American-led coalition fighting the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL.
Caucuses have been fertile territory for Mr. Sanders against Hillary Clinton, but there are only two such contests left on the calendar.
이 아이들에게 너는 하기 어려운 일이라며 한계를 설정하는 대신 너는 할 수 있다는 가능성을 꿈꾸게 해줄 영웅은 과연 누구일지 궁금해지곤 한다.
” Mr. Knight was aided by a 200-page “road guide” drawn up by Peter Inskip and Stephen Gee, two British preservation architects who unearthed historical details and supplied broad policy recommendations.
A federalist solution would help to head off the risk of an independent Kurdish state’s emerging in northern Syria.
Visitors can pick up a Rio Cultural Passport for 15 reals, which gives free or discounted access to more than 700 cultural attractions and events, as well as discounted weekend metro fares during the Games.
Herman’s rite has earned praise from psychologists for its frank articulation of the emotion that inevitably develops on teams and glues together the best of them.
Talese doesn’t revisit Foos’s trustworthiness again until a late chapter where he writes about a motel murder Foos claims to have witnessed but for which he can find no hard evidence.
In 2009, the team came up a mere seven runs short at the same stage.
The most senior individual charged to date is the police commander who oversaw the use of the buses — where the abuse occurred — to transport the women to prison, though a judge recently found insufficient evidence to order his arrest.
As he campaigns across the country boasting about the Trump University success story, he and his lawyers have deployed the evaluations to try to undercut the claims of former students who say they regret paying for the courses, posting their reviews online and, in one instance, waving them in front of a camera.
She thought passers-by would peer through the window.
Sorry, kids, most of you are far better than that!
And they don’t ordinarily provide information about what a woman should do if she experiences a pregnancy loss.
Reconstruction of this pinnacle was not originally part of the current $9 million restoration project.
“I used to own a farmhouse in Maine and had thought I might settle there, but then came back to the area where I grew up and saw this incredible building,” he said.
Unlike some of its rivals, CBS’s upfront presentation was all about continuity over change.
“How could she?” I ranted to myself, smoldering.
“It still has some of the smoky spice qualities of mezcal,” Mr. Hartman said, “but some of the sweetness that works well with the bitterness of the Aperol.” American mixologists are pretty loose-limbed in their spritz-building; they ignore the classic wine-bitter-fizz blueprint as often as they adhere to it.
yet it has been more or less off the international radar.”
Wall Street stocks are off about 2 percent .
They spread out and began looking for unexploded bombs — what those on the New York Police Department’s bomb squad call “secondaries.” Officers began searching block by block, going as far south as 14th Street and as far north as 34th Street.
He graduated from the University of North Carolina and has a master’s in American history from the University of Alabama.
To save the injured animal, Raffa braves the treacherous Forest of Wonders and hunts down a rare and powerful red vine.
A shortcoming of the recommendation to eat more fish is that if everyone followed it, the rivers, oceans and lakes would be emptied of fish.
Two years ago, one Canadian dollar was worth 93 American cents.
The 2015 “New York Spring Spectacular” emerged from “Heart and Lights,” a show that was postponed , then canceled.
It was a reference, of course, to the furor over the Oscars’ all-white acting nominees.
“The question is, ‘Is that really the best policy for achieving those ends?’” But such abstruse arguments don’t carry much weight when many people are worried about being displaced, especially in the Bay Area, where losing a cheap apartment can mean moving an hour or more from work.
“When policy makers hear how we’re able to solve the policy challenge while giving small businesses really efficient access to capital so they can go about hiring and growing their businesses and managing their businesses on a day-to-day basis — it’s a very powerful story and a very bipartisan story,” he said.
The 1930s humor crowd dug up a lot of oldies but goodies while introducing a slew of foreign humor and their own creations.
“When I was 12, my mother sent my brother to private school, not me, and I resented her my entire life,” Ms. Siegal said.
• Saudi Arabia in ISIS’ cross hairs.
As the worldwide admirers of this great Russian artist know, Mr. Hvorostovsky, 53, has been undergoing treatments for a brain tumor that have caused him to cancel swaths of performances.
Every day she is faced with the negative imagery and society’s acceptance of a racial slur.
Like: What is the news temperature of the day, what else is going on?
She loses in Ohio and Missouri next Tuesday.
“That’s why they call it baseball, unfortunately.” Then he peered at the reporters, as if to say: Must we continue?
‘Black Angels Over Tuskegee’ The tear-jerker story of these trailblazing African-American pilots (2:30).
He joined other prominent signers of the letter, including Richard W. Lariviere, president and chief executive of the Field Museum in Chicago, and Brenda Toineeta Pipestem, chairwoman of the board of the National Museum of the American Indian .
As we moved toward wrapping up our reporting, the history almost overtook us.
By the early 1960s, he was broadcasting games on television.
It constantly mixes distorted and manipulated sounds with natural ones, and it deliberately veers away from pop familiarity.
Bus and subway stops are within a few blocks.
Maybe make Chris Schlesinger and John Willoughby’s recipe for grilled lamb kebabs with smoky peaches ?
The product is familiar to many Brazilians; variations of biscoitos have been made at home for decades.
A body of statistical evidence has emerged showing that black teenagers are singled out for disciplinary action in school, and stopped and arrested by the police at higher rates than other ethnic groups.
Mr. Carpenito said that Mr. Brennan’s claim that assistant county prosecutors could not be fair “insults the process.” Judge Mizdol said that though she was “very mindful” of the heightened concern over a potential conflict of interest in the case, she was bound to uphold the applicable statutes and the State Constitution.
Now, the classmate is sprinting out of the park, but the writer has caught her and wrestled her to the ground — wow, that’s a double nelson, impressive!
did not collect records about millions of Americans.
Standing behind Mrs. Clinton, Ms. Abedin waved her arms at her boss and shook her head “no.” “Of course all you young people should go out,” Mrs. Clinton said.
“It’s kind of mind-boggling to me,” he said.
Although China’s corporations are heavily indebted, the Chinese central government is not.
An earlier version of the Labor Department’s new rules would have required routine publication of such expenses, and projected returns, in regular account statements, but it was removed under pressure from financial firms.
Mr. Meyer has indicated that the change has been an initial success.
But the Belles maintains one last stubborn and vital link to its past.
“Race” reminds us that long before television elevated black sports heroes into gods, there were athletes like Jesse Owens who paved the way.
In a 2015 report, the United States Government Accountability Office questioned the effectiveness of the plan.
“When you scratch the surface, generally you find that there’s more to it than that.” A report on religious discrimination published by the Justice Department in July cited concerns that worshipers “often face unlawful barriers in the zoning and building process.” In January, a judge in Minnesota found that Castle Rock Township’s rejection of a proposed Muslim cemetery was “arbitrary and capricious.” In July, the Justice Department filed suit against Bensalem Township, Pa., saying officials had violated the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, which bans discrimination against religious groups in zoning, when denying zoning approval for a proposed mosque.
Their clinical 28-7 victory over Indianapolis on Thanksgiving night vaulted Pittsburgh (6-5) back over .500 and into first place in the A.F.C.
The writer is an economist and business strategist with board, management and consulting experience in the health care industry.
(Chinen) THE ISRAELI JAZZ SPOTLIGHT FESTIVAL (Friday through Sunday) This weekend-long series, organized by the bassist Or Bareket, features improvisers of Israeli origin now on the scene in New York.
The error was repeated in a capsule summary in the Inside The Times column.
That’s building up and getting better every year.
“There’s a cultural gap between Europe and the United States,” said Tanguy Van Overstraeten, global head of privacy and data protection at the Brussels office of Linklaters, a law firm.
To Clarke, that is enough to merit inclusion in the Hall.
Dr. Zimmerman argued that scientific discovery depends on a “don’t be afraid of making mistakes, don’t be afraid of breaking something” attitude.
Lawyers for former Speaker J. Dennis Hastert have asked a federal judge to delay sentencing in his banking law conviction because of his recent hospitalization for a stroke, as well as for spinal and blood infections — saying he has difficulty walking and will require at least several weeks of rehabilitation.
“Plus he used to give me clothes,” he wrote.
When Ms. Laporte was a teenager, she received a green card to come to the United States and arrived in 1988 with her parents and two of her siblings.
“I’m really looking forward to the opportunity.” But why does accepting endorsement money and racing in college have to be an either-or proposition?
■ You’re going to reinvest when things clear up.
He did not respond to emails for comment.
More common, he said, were managers specializing in one group, such as Makalina in New York City, which represents Asian-Pacific talent.
The corpses are all lying in one big group, piled together.” An employee of the agency found the corpses while conducting a count in connection with the culling of the herd, through a controlled hunt.
But intense lobbying against the bill by energy companies, including Exxon, had an effect.
This book is dense on a macro level, but one sometimes misses the sentence-by-sentence density of the best fiction.
“He was someone who focused more on his principles rather than toeing the party line.” Mr. Sasse can sound dismissive of the Senate’s work.
“We’re rapidly approaching the time where the R.N.C.
“Most of the growth in the number of deported immigrants has come from those deported for reasons other than a criminal conviction,” Ana Gonzalez-Barrera and Jens Manuel Krogstad wrote for the Pew Research Center two years ago.
The day after Barack Obama clinched the Democratic nomination in June 2008, Mrs. Clinton huddled with her advisers and debated whether to hold on to her delegates and try to force a contested convention.
Since the 1970s, presidential candidates and presidents have avoided publicly criticizing the Fed’s decisions about raising and lowering interest rates.
— was not Mr. Smith’s Deadshot or Mr. Leto’s Joker but Ms. Robbie’s Harley Quinn, the Joker’s sexy, utterly deranged girlfriend.
Crouch writes, “Talk of right and wrong is troubling when it is accompanied by seeming indifference to the experience of shame that accompanies judgments of ‘immorality.’” He notes that this shame culture is different from the traditional shame cultures, the ones in Asia, for example.
“If you’re at 27, then maybe you don’t have to worry as much as you did,” Dr. Nordestgaard said.
So did Swapo, the Namibian liberation movement.
But while Bale is enjoying a wonderful Euros so far and is handling reporters’ questions with quiet eloquence on behalf of his team, Ronaldo is comparatively silent.
Then I ate a Baron bagel.
Between taking photographs of Woods with his smartphone, a security guard assigned to Woods’s detail said he expected the crowds to be small during the first two rounds before picking up on Saturday and Sunday.
The quality of the work?
The carol singing remained free through 2013, when, for the first time, the building reached its capacity and people were stranded outside.
Pedestrians said the slower speed was not strictly enforced, while drivers complained about not being given enough warning and kept honking at people in their way.
The artist described a stretch of road where Astoria Boulevard comes to an end as a popular spot for carjackers, who would hide behind the tall bushes at the intersection, embracing the element of surprise.
Airbnb recently removed two of its hosts, including one for writing racist epithets to a black user and another for refusing a transgender woman as a guest.
His mother is an assistant editor at Information Today, a publisher of Internet and technology magazines, newsletters and books, based in Medford, N.J. His father owns Landscape Maintenance Services in Hillsborough, N.J. Mr. Benitez, also 30, is an ABC News correspondent based in New York.
Mr. Ahmadinejad’s two presidential terms, from 2005 to 2013, were defined by confrontation with global powers, especially the United States.
Farming societies and widespread trade arose in those places much earlier than in northern China, giving the black rat and the house mouse early opportunities to travel.
“Dishonesty,” he said, “is Trump’s hallmark.” Even Republicans who welcomed Mr. Romney’s intervention in the race were doubtful that he would be able to dislodge Mr. Trump.
Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).
The Oval Office meeting was the centerpiece of a marathon day in the capital for Mr. Trump, his first since winning the presidency.
The “Brexit” vote runs counter to Mr. Obama’s vision of open, interconnected societies, and it illustrates the frustrating cycle of his engagement with the world: “America’s first Pacific president,” as Mr. Obama has called himself, who tried to pull the United States out of the Middle East, now finds himself, near the end of his presidency, confronting a crisis in Europe fueled in part by the refugees attempting to flee the Middle East.
Jeanne learns that her husband is both miserly and chronically unfaithful, and her only son proves to be a spendthrift wastrel who depletes the family fortune, leaving her in near-poverty toward the end.
“The Chinese government’s control of the Internet is much more conservative than its cultural policies,” he said.
The shop and its catering division, on the second floor of the building, are owned by Linsey Snyder Wachalter and her husband, the chef Jeremy Wachalter: Cobblestone Catering and Fine Foods, 220 Atlantic Avenue (Court Street), Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, 718-222-1661, cobblestonecatering.com .
It is one out of five, not four out of five.
But it also left them open to the shock of something like a Donald Trump presidency.
Carol Kamau Macungie, Pa. A.
For most of its four hours, “Tristan” is expansively contemplative: a meditation on the power of love.
We came here to see the tree, because our tree is really bad .
director, said that he was not recommending any charges because there was no clear evidence that Mrs. Clinton had intended to violate the law.
A cease-fire between Syria’s government and the weakened rebel forces arrayed against it took effect early Friday, but within hours, violations were reported.
This survey of drawings and photographs, most of it from a private collection, is like an archive thrown open, a document both of an era and of an artistic collaboration cut short by AIDS.
She first met Mr. Smith in Tuscany.
When I tweeted about the real rankings earlier this week, several people responded that I was a party-pooping pedant.
But they didn’t interview him.” “I still had my doubts,” he said.
We’ve been terrible at managing emissions.
You do it for 30 minutes a week.
“We are saddened to announce that after three and a half years, Betony will close its doors on Dec. 31,” Eamon Rockey, the general manager, and the executive chef, Bryce Shuman, said in a statement issued on Thursday.
Yuliya Stepanova, above, a Russian track-and-field athlete who blew the whistle on doping and got other athletes from her country barred, will be among the few from her nation, if any, who can compete at the Olympic Games in Rio.
“You know, that’s not my job to decide what they’re going to do or not to do, so I choose not to comment on that,” said Girardi, adding a chuckle.
Implied was a challenge that players took weeks to convert into results.
He branched out with a new group, Al Mourabitoun, and seized more than 600 employees of a gas plant in Algeria, killing 38 people .
“Peter Pan Live!” was less successful the next year, but “The Wiz Live!” rebounded with 11.5 million viewers last December.
It doesn’t last, so people need to purchase the drug repeatedly.
Everyone from bloggers to trolls had a theory on Kim’s appearance and her motivations.
When he was trying to qualify, he said, “if someone would have said, ‘Sign here for beating Rafa, making third round and qualifying,’ I would have signed that paper.”
Jeremy Hitchcock, 34, a computer programmer from Manhattan, was seeing the new movie “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” on Friday when he heard other audience members sharing the news that Ms. Fisher had suffered a heart attack hours earlier.
Is it fair to blame the supervisor of 94,000 people for the actions of a small portion of them?
He was great in a headache-inducing movie.
Mr. Bentley testified , as did former Gov.
Then we start forming the transitional government of national unity.” Despite the long-awaited moment, the mood in Juba was subdued.
For 17 years, she rubbed on it till her hands bled.
It also celebrates an inclusive pluralism that the city struggles to uphold.
“Until we know more, we should use nonnutritive sweeteners in moderation.
But the system breaks down in practice.
Blackbird paid $2.75 million last summer to buy the property from the Alexander Company, a developer based in Madison, Wis. After several years of planning, Alexander began its rehabilitation just months before the fire, the cause of which was never determined.
No economic implosion swallowed it.
“So, if someone had asked me what I was doing that day, I would have had to say I was working collaboratively to revise a mouthwash label.” Davis’s relationship with The Paris Review stretches back over many decades, ever since the publication published her story “Break It Down” in 1983.
The National decided not to undertake the costly process of recasting it once more.
Last year, in a warning to Alibaba, the United States Trade Representative also mentioned Tmall as a source of complaints about fakes, though the platform was not mentioned in this year’s list.
North Korea last launched a carrier rocket in February, a month after its fourth nuclear test, to place its Kwangmyongsong, or Shining Star, satellite into orbit.
In the traditional Boxing Day Test match in Melbourne that started Dec. 26, pitting Australia against the West Indies, the total crowd over four days was 127,069, the lowest total in 21 years .
Still, the prosecutors’ revelations alienated even some of Ms. Park’s staunchest conservative allies, many of whom saw her as a replica of her father, who was revered for leading the country out of poverty.
It’s sad to see today’s Republicans hostile to continuing federal stewardship of these lands, since it was Republicans like Theodore Roosevelt whom we most owe for this exceptional heritage.
“The major impacts on the reef will most likely result from the long-term release of substantial quantities of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere,” he wrote.
“The media noise will soon be over, and it’s now for the men and women of Iowa to decide.” A Trump victory would demonstrate that if the billionaire developer’s fans, a working-class demographic that is less inclined to vote, can navigate the byzantine caucus process, they are even more likely to turn out in the primary states that follow, where casting a ballot is easier.
199, and in particular two locations, 165 and 185 West End Avenue, which are part of an eight-building complex known as Lincoln Towers.
Today, on a revitalized river, water scooters play chicken, darting in the wakes of barges, while flimsy single-person craft slip among sailboats and tugboats.
Candles had already been placed on the sidewalk near the corner of Randall and Rosedale Avenues, with “Rest in Peace” and other messages written on them.
Still, Deborah is grateful to the Dukakises.
The bank, Germany’s largest lender by assets, had legal provisions of €5.5 billion at the end of June.
That’s what I wanted to do here.
• An article last Sunday about new ski lodging and programs misstated the number of resorts that a multiresort ski pass added for the 2016-2017 winter season.
It’s true that the pound has fallen by a lot compared with normal daily fluctuations.
UNCASVILLE Reel Big Fish, ska-punk.
Edward F. Cox, the chairman of the state Republican Party, in a statement accused both of a “naked and unseemly fight” to position themselves for a future presidential run.
“This guy cannot be the president of the United States,” Mr. Coleman said.
But the goal was upheld by the referee Dean Morton, who ruled that Rangers defenseman Ryan McDonagh had pushed Toffoli into the crease.
Ms. Ross, 52, a video training manager who had just bought a co-op apartment near Union Square, hired members of the Cargo Bike Collective, a loose-knit group of people who own and ride the extra-long bikes, which they use for both paying jobs and volunteer projects.
The oppression of the Rohingya, who are deprived of basic rights, including citizenship and freedom to worship and marry, is appalling.
At the start of the argument, which lasted for more than 90 minutes rather than the usual hour, Justice Sotomayor asked how the case differed from prosecutions of conscientious objectors to war who refused to register with the government.
See this weekend’s listings for Hudson Valley , Long Island , New Jersey and Connecticut .
The Belgian authorities are trying to establish firm ties between the three men and the Paris attackers, including Salah Abdeslam, who was arrested last week; Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the suspected architect of the Paris attacks, who was killed by police in November; and Bilal Hadfi, who died carrying out the Paris terror operation.
But Mr. Gonzales-Mugaburu continued to complain.
But practical applications are still uncertain.
After your homework, if you still notice price gaps between stores, don’t be shy about mentioning them politely.
For years De Grisogono’s production had been divided evenly between jewelry and watches, but afterward, watch production was slashed.
Each prize comes with an award of $50,000.
Making his Broadway debut , the Oscar-winning movie star Forest Whitaker will be waging this struggle between consoling myth and lacerating memory in “Hughie,” O’Neill’s one-act drama from 1942 in which a petty grifter meditates on his luckless life in a seedy Manhattan hotel lobby.
Mr. Dylan is the first American laureate to win since Toni Morrison did so in 1993.
Click here to read the book.
But it took the Supreme Court until last week to decide in Luis v. United States that criminal defendants can spend their own money to hire the lawyer they want even when the government wants a chunk of it.
On a brisk winter’s evening, the dish provides a hint of summer heat and a small, if inexact, introduction to the joys of a complicated and delicious cuisine.
Most worrisome have been outbreaks involving two strains of E. coli, an intestinal bacteria that can cause severe intestinal cramps, diarrhea and fever .
— Donald G. McNeil Jr.
“If I’d have known the dirt had lead, he wouldn’t have been out there playing in it.” STEPHANIE KING , a mother from East Chicago, Ind., who lives in the West Calumet Housing Complex, where residents learned recently that much of the soil outside their homes contained staggering levels of lead.
She has never learned how to deal with the email question.
Despite its grand subtitle, it’s best at using its insider entree to make the campaign intimate.
Is drone footage of a tiger shark feeding on a whale carcass off the coast of Australia really that cool?
Soon after I began covering Donald J. Trump in February, right after Jeb Bush dropped out of the race for president, Mr. Trump held a news conference at his private Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Fla., where he talked about the “two Donald Trumps.” But those of us who have followed him closely — from quixotic long-shot candidate to Republican nominee — know that Mr. Trump offers a Rubik’s Cube worth of personas.
Italian and Spanish 10-year bonds, for example, were trading at yields around 1.5 percent on Tuesday, compared with more than 7 percent in 2012.
The menu of tacos and spring rolls comes from Andrew Carmellini, whose Italian restaurant Leuca opens downstairs this fall.
In recent months, he shot the next movie in the “Star Wars” franchise (“They told me I can’t really talk about it.
Automakers are paying much of the cost of the recalls, for instance, and how much they will be able to recoup from Takata is negotiable.
Presented in plain, ingeniously transformed galleries, it forms a gorgeous tutorial about the narrowing of the gap between traditional haute couture and ready-to-wear, and the integration of handwork and new tech-savvy processes.
Long nails of this kind are a bit old-fashioned and assuredly adult, something a lifelong devotee of Pond’s Cold Cream might wear and tend to as her tea steeps.
On the floor: four-dozen pairs of Thom Browne brogues, dipped in nickel, plus a metal desk and chair from Mr. Browne’s own holdings.
소프트웨어가 일정 수준 이상의 교육을 받은 이들만 할 수 있다고 여겨지던 사무직을 대체하기 시작했고, 이런 현상은 갈수록 두드러지고 있다.
Seriously though, as I said, these puzzle are a combination of computer assistance, hand construction and sheer luck.
The lion killed on Wednesday, a well-known 13-year-old called Mohawk, injured one person when it charged at the crowd and knocked him off a motorcycle, leaving him with bruises and lacerations.
Turkey is still one of the biggest patrons of the Syrian rebels, while Russia is Mr. Assad’s staunchest backer.
Some of the real-life figures in “Vinyl” are just background performers to add verisimilitude.
The team made an off-season splash by signing the All-Pro cornerback Josh Norman.
It could be happenstance, but you know what they say: Once is a fluke, twice is a coincidence and three times is a trend.
R. A. the Rugged Man with A.F.R.O.
Fortunately for us, we found the League of YES, formerly known as the Miracle League of Long Island.
It’s a story about the crushing burden and fragility of genius, the cost of ambition, and the innate drive to describe the ineffable through equations, literature or art.
nominee by saying outright what his opponents tried to convey with dog whistles.
“Things could come a-roaring back,” he said.
It seemed there was an alternate universe going on.”
On the line was the owner of a mattress store who was liquidating his showroom, and offering to donate his stock of mattresses.
Stinging nettles notwithstanding, the day had felt distinctly adventure-free.
Better was a crispy tempura crusted soft-shell crab atop a sprightly green salad.
Either she or her team really screwed up.” Eliasch said WADA should have set acceptable levels for the drug to allow for its legitimate medical use instead of banning it outright.
None of this seemed to matter to Judge Schroeder, who acknowledged that some black North Carolinians “endure socioeconomic disparities that can be linked to State discrimination,” which make it harder for them to participate in elections.
I guess the jazz book, “But Beautiful,” because I hit on a new form, a combination of criticism and fiction that was entirely appropriate to the subject matter.
The change means that 17 customers whose insurance claims were denied will be paid, and that 38 more could be after further investigation by the bank.
Carmelo Anthony addressed on Friday the latest controversy involving Phil Jackson — one that happens to involve Anthony himself.
Mr. Rezaian, the Tehran bureau chief for The Washington Post, had spent more than 500 days in Iran’s notorious Evin Prison and was one of five Americans released over the weekend.
The Red Cross offers emergency preparation plans for older people on its website, including a checklist for creating a disaster supply kit that includes a seven-day medication supply, flashlights, emergency contacts and vital records.
(Elisabeth Vincentelli) ‘ALADDIN’ The Disney movie refashioned for the stage, with shtick, sparkles and silliness cutting the syrup (2:20).
He was striking the bag steadily, resisting the urge to acknowledge the sharp pulsating in his hands as he tried to build pain tolerance and toughen his fists.
Plato distrusted Homer because his heroes weren’t heroic enough; in the 20th century, Simone Weil distrusted Homer because they were too violent, and the whole epic was what she called “a poem of force.” But the “Iliad” survived their critiques, because it so vividly realizes one of the imaginative possibilities of human nature.
Under the new system, students from other districts are generally not offered seats through the lottery unless their siblings attend the school.
The National Science Foundation is pulling out of a renowned radio-telescope site .
But I also did not want to return to my maiden name.
— several knelt or raised fists Sunday during the various anthems — to take a role in protesting police brutality?
In a city known for its glamour, the Tropicana cabaret was, in the 1940s and 1950s, the fanciest joint in town and the only one run solely by Cubans, rather than the mob, said Ms. Lowinger, author of “Tropicana Nights,” a history of the club.
Even the town’s stodgy mayor is going to succumb to the savage yearnings unleashed by Conrad’s driving guitar licks and gyrating pelvis, which at Goodspeed belong to the formidable Rhett Guter.
As part of the deal, Mr. Qeeq agreed to receive medical treatment while in custody, and he will remain in an Israeli hospital until he recovers.
Should action be necessary, policy makers convening in the Swiss town of Basel this weekend are well placed to coordinate it.
But the Republican-led Senate appeared to feel that giving Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, just a year was no longer a sufficient rebuke.
“Our breakfast has helped us build a loyal clientele in the short time we’ve been open,” Mr. Hardy said.
“He raps a cappella, and sometimes freestyles right before bedtime as a way to wind down, reflect and process the day.
You didn’t hear any of that at the convention on Wednesday night, when the theme was in fact “Make America First Again,” a nod to Trump’s call for trade agreements with better terms for America and a foreign policy more narrowly tailored to American interests.
presidents talk to me and @marycjordan, take aim at Trump, including lobbing F-bombs at his ‘stupid wall’ https:/… — Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) 26 Feb 16 John Roberts used to be widely admired in the GOP.
[ ESPN ] • Diving with disco balls.
Early this month, the government announced that it would introduce six new bills to replace the old ones, ranging from 500 to 20,000 bolívars.
July 16, 7 to 9 p.m. $15.
“Ours is backward looking: Has she misbehaved such that the Constitution requires us to impeach her?
Target First Saturdays (Saturday) The Brooklyn Museum exhibition “Disguise: Masks and Global African Art,” which opened on April 29, provides the inspiration for this evening of free talks, tours, activities and more.
Years of political scandals, including high-level corruption convictions, have left the electorate disillusioned.
Taking a page from the movement for same-sex marriage, Ms. Brenneman and more than 100 other women have filed several supporting briefs in a major Supreme Court abortion case to be argued on Wednesday.
The group is featured in a new documentary, “ Disturbing the Peace .” But old suspicions die hard, and Ms. Qudsi was not permitted by the Israeli authorities to attend the Jerusalem premiere in July, nor allowed to travel to the United States Consulate in Jerusalem to obtain a visa to attend a showing early this month at the Hamptons International Film Festival on Long Island.
Midway through, the couple left the arbor to plant a tree that years earlier had sprouted in a pot on the patio of her Duluth townhouse.
But still: When did campaigns become so obsessed with tone?
There were paintings of Miles Davis, African-themed artworks and framed photographs of Jenkins with the Obamas and the Clintons.
“These are imaginative stories, as you might say,” said Robert P. Goldman, a professor of Sanskrit at the University of California, Berkeley, and the principal translator of a critical edition of the Ramayana.
He gets great seats to see Bruce Springsteen and has met his idol, even if the admiration isn’t mutual .
surprisingly attractive to women” — rises to a Chekhovian balance of precision and sweep.
But more than two decades later, the baths are still here, and the owners are still alternating weeks.
And Clara, the only one to live past the age of 30, studied voice in Berlin and Vienna, sang professionally in Europe and at Carnegie Hall and became the guardian of her father’s papers.
A trip to San Francisco early this year gave me an opportunity to rethink that bias.
The fun begins on Saturday at 10 a.m., when the Prospect Park Alliance and the Prospect Park Baseball Association will host a parade of more than a thousand softball and baseball players, ages 4 to 18.
That’s partly because he takes his cues from fellow soldiers.
When the police arrived, they repeatedly questioned his account and, after he insisted that they record the attack as a hate crime, told him to drape himself over the trunk of their vehicle and assume the pose of a suspect.
It’s not that trade deficits (and the capital inflows that are their flip side) don’t matter — but just knowing the numbers doesn’t tell you much about whether they are good, bad or indifferent.
But what about those tariffs that Mr. Trump sometimes threatens to impose on foreign countries?
“It introduced a character to a new reader or refined what you loved about the character in the past.
She was asked to climb several flights of stairs to the top deck, despite the elevator onboard.
Indeed, measles is a disease with a very specific character, and it still infects and kills children across the world.
He attended Harvard, where he was captain of the hockey team, and graduated in 1967.
“I think we manage to do reasonably well,” he said of the current structure of the agency.
He’s our family.” As he dealt with personal pain in that 2014 season, Hill had no professional stability.
And Apple, Google Walmart and other companies are reviewing their traditional financial support for the Republican National Convention , fearing protests over Mr. Trump’s divisive politics.
Anna Cleveland, the model daughter of the model superstar Pat Cleveland, had brought along her father, Paul van Ravenstein.
“It was the first holiday we had taken together since I was 7,” he wrote.
The star power on New York stages this season may not be as diverse as it was last year .
The N.F.L.’s Detroit Lions will continue their long tradition of playing on Thanksgiving.
All over the city, choreographers, musicians, filmmakers, puppeteers and rappers are bursting the boundaries of these styles and their conventions.
So to be able to find him and see him in the stands, it kind of calmed me down.” Tomlin has never made excuses, but concern over his father’s condition could help explain a slump he suffered toward the end of the regular season.
Why would anyone need a robot caterpillar?
Hellberg, 25, has appeared in two N.H.L.
“Revolutionary heroism” had always been an important part of official education in the 17 years of the Mao era leading up to the Cultural Revolution, but during the 1960s the novel “Red Crag” was more influential than any textbook.
Among the most delicate concessions Mr. Cameron secured was a mechanism to restrict the welfare supplements for citizens from other European Union countries who arrive in Britain, a benefit that is ordinarily available to people in low-paid jobs.
I was an adopted Korean girl growing up in one of the many towns in Oregon that is not Portland, which meant that everyone who cared about me, everyone I saw around the neighborhood, everyone I met in my day-to-day life was white.
Like the similarly titled song by T. Graham Brown, it’s about showing up and standing firm.
It was a good day for smart kids at the N.C.A.A.
“For voters who are frustrated with both parties, they see a guy who’s willing to work with the other side of the aisle when he thinks they’re right, and willing to critique his own party when he thinks they’re wrong,” said Kevin Artl, Mr. Kirk’s campaign manager.
“This is a joyful event,” said Carlos Copriva, 52, a security guard who described his ancestry as a mix of Hungarian and Italian.
Filipinos say the government must address the scourge of drugs and addiction.
In 1992 the paper had reported that Mr. Perry, then Texas commissioner of agriculture, had eaten some eastern North Carolina barbecue and said he’d had road kill that tasted better.
At first, he recalled, he processed everything in his new country “like a newborn,” unaware that his transfer was controversial.
These answers are all wrong.
WikiLeaks posted almost 20,000 emails sent or received by a handful of top committee officials and provided an online tool to search through them.
The vote in Indiana is in eight days, and Mr. Cruz is most likely about to post another round of mediocre showings in the Northeast this Tuesday, which would make it even less clear to Republican voters that Mr. Cruz is the principal anti-Trump option in Indiana.
Her legacy will be that of someone who exhibited courage, intellect and commitment to the principles and values of equal justice under the law.
Michael Attias: Renku (Saturday) Renku, a trio made up of Mr. Attias on saxophones, John Hébert on bass and Satoshi Takeishi on drums, applies an elaborative process to group improvisation.
The regulations that govern what’s allowed under that program are complex and vast .
“This is going to be a huge economic opportunity for those who are in the trucking industry,” he said.
As the software is fine-tuned, the people behind it hope that it can be applied to issues beyond gender.
One possibility is that the North is trying to replicate elements of the American “triad” — the creation of a nuclear arsenal that can be delivered by aircraft, from ground-based silos and from submarines.
His father is a vice president overseeing operations and sales at Sterling Sanitary Supply Corporation, a family-run janitorial supply company in Woodside, Queens.
Brandin Cooks recorded a 98-yard touchdown, the longest reception in the N.F.L.
“She’s relentless,” Ms. Lee said.
The National Weather Service is still reporting major flooding in North Carolina, and the authorities fear swollen rivers will continue to rise.
But over the course of the opening sequence of this harrowing Holocaust drama, much is understood.
After acceptance, I found out RADIO EDIT had appeared in a 2014 New York Times puzzle .
At the takeout restaurant next door, Oksana Zavhorodnyuk, 44, was serving schnitzel and jumbo pirogi from behind a counter.
“Dolly Parton recorded ‘Jolene’ over there.” That Mr. Cobb will become caretaker of this totem of country music history seems somehow fitting and surprising.
And you do get the feeling you’re supposed to vote for him because his dad and mom believed in the American dream.
I think my father, who died 10 years ago, was gay or preferred men, but I have no proof.
Senator Bernie Sanders won a decisive victory in Wisconsin’s Democratic primary on Tuesday thanks to particularly strong support from voters experiencing economic anxiety and those looking for a non-establishment candidate.
Burned-out or flickering light fixtures create dark zones, while escalators clatter and groan.
The flood of cheap natural gas and slowing demand for electricity have driven down power prices, making it difficult for the aging plants to compete in wholesale markets.
And he boasts that he had more cameras at his event and a higher number of journalists.
It’s hard enough to retrofit a relatively modern masonry building; I’m not sure what strategies even exist for retrofitting a medieval village.
Even before he takes office, Mr. Trump, who said once during the campaign that he knew more than the nation’s generals, is seizing the opportunity to assume the mantle of commander in chief.
During the seven-week trial of Mr. Millar and Father Moloney in Rochester in late 1994, the money from the Stuyvesant Town apartment became key evidence against them.
After a weekend of violence at his rallies, Donald Trump arrived in Florida for a rally in Boca Raton on Sunday night, crowing at “how well we handled” those confrontations, because “nobody got hurt,” apparently meaning nobody got killed.
The first American troops returned in 2000 and helped the Philippines as advisers in its effort to crush Abu Sayyaf, a small group of Islamist militants responsible for the country’s worst atrocities, including kidnappings, bombings and killings.
• What to watch for today and tonight.
“It is a mystery why this is happening, and there has been a big increase over the last few months and that is worrying,” said Jens Moller Jensen, a detective inspector with the Copenhagen police, charged with investigating the attacks.
Water-quality experts say the environmental impact from the flooding is minimal; the vast majority of waste remains in the lagoon when floodwaters recede.
A deft rapper from Birmingham, England, real name Melesha O’Garro, Lady Leshurr keeps a conversational, demure tone as she administers put-downs and Internet meme jokes to the camera; crisp and haughty, she cracks on your hygiene, your friends, your whole world.
Mr. Michalak quickly told Mr. Dung that he wanted to toast his health and make a friendly suggestion: The caterers should serve American beef at the next such diplomatic event.
Yet in public life she comes across as crass and hotheaded.
But leave it to Mr. Munger to toss off the most prickly description of the company: “Valeant was a sewer, and those who created it deserved the opprobrium they got.” Activist investors, hedge funds who buy stakes in companies and then demand changes to strategy, have gained enormous power in recent years, giving moguls like William A. Ackman, Carl C. Icahn and Paul E. Singer outsized stature on Wall Street.
Approachable, warm and unpretentious, Ms. Gangitano creates a kind of a human framework for taking in the art she shows, which can be obscure, confrontational or challenging, as are some of the artists themselves.
But then sometimes we had to go back and say we have new information that contradicts it.
Shimon Peres , 93 and one of the last living founders of the modern state of Israel, suffered a serious stroke.
While the tests are intended to give a general idea of your computer’s connection speed, a number of factors can affect results.
You could stay home or write in a vote, but those protests often feel weak.
The frustrations and simmering racist violence underlying the community are powerfully conveyed, and as with Warren’s debut novel, “Juliet in August,” the Saskatchewan landscape is almost hallucinated into life, from the “snows and snows” of winter to the vast, hot, vacant plains of summer.
Ms. Morgenson cites the concern of a former Calpers board member that my measure presents “less than a full picture” because it discloses only the related-party costs allocated to California public pension funds.
Ask The Times, a Times Insider feature, draws on New York Times expertise to answer questions about current events, science, sports, culture and whatever else is making headlines.
She was particularly displeased by Mika Brzezinski, a co-host of “Morning Joe,” who had questioned Ms. Wasserman Schultz’s impartiality during the Democratic primary battle between the presumptive nominee, Hillary Clinton, and Mr. Sanders.
“Playgrounds 2016,” another show featuring interactive artworks by contemporary artists including Ernesto Neto and Rasheed Araeen, is also running at the museum.
But as the race moves to the West and Northeast, and with many states awarding most delegates based on votes by congressional district, Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich may be able to hold back Mr. Trump in Indiana, Wisconsin, Washington, New York and California.
When Rubio joked about his fondness for electronic dance music, he got laughs.
“You can have the couch, the lamp, the diamond ring/the books on the shelf, the dishes in the sink,” she itemizes over one repeated chord, and soon, with everything cleared out including the bad memories, the electric guitar digs in, the drums kick harder and the melody ascends to where she can be “way up high beyond your gravity” — unencumbered and free.
Her use of traditional materials, namely gold and copper, fabricated with local smithing techniques, places her work within its regional provenance.
These businesspeople were also in a position to offer funding as angel investors.
“We would like to tell the French people that we will never give in,” he said in a statement outside the Élysée Palace, in Paris.
Is it about the prevalence of campus rape and the culture that enables it?
Follow her down the next hill, imitating how she rides.
While returns vary among insurers, according to the calculator at Immediateannuities.com , $100,000 invested in a single-premium immediate annuity would typically earn a 65-year-old man a $558 monthly income for life.
Hiking out, we glimpsed a red-headed songbird perched on a branch, waiting out the drizzle.
It won wide coverage across television, social media and news sites, heartening allies .
OBITUARIES An obituary on Friday about David King, a graphic designer who amassed one of the world’s largest collections of Soviet political art, misstated the original date of publication of his book “The Commissar Vanishes: The Falsification of Photographs and Art in Stalin’s Russia.” It was 1997, not 2014.
New York Public Library for the Performing Arts: ‘Magical Designs for Mozart’s Magic Flute’ (through Aug. 27) Mozart’s 1791 singspiel “Die Zauberflöte” (“The Magic Flute”) — a fantasy about a prince’s efforts to rescue the abducted daughter of the Queen of the Night — has long been an opportunity for imaginative directors and set designers to shine.
Such women receive the same prenatal care regardless of race, or even socio-economic status.
The pool I swam in when I was training and where I put in most of my hours was right across the road from the national park — the smell of cut grass and rain and smoke took me right back.”
The protests last week drove Lu Hao, the governor of Heilongjiang Province, where the mine is, to apologize for wrongly claiming that all the people working underground for the mine, run by the Longmay Mining Group , had been paid on time.
The writers’ statement that police officers are more likely and quicker to shoot an armed black suspect than an armed white one is offensive.
HABERMAN: Well, but sir, why should the American approach to rebuilding Iraq, or other countries where we have shed blood, why should that differ from how we rebuilt postwar Japan and Germany in the Marshall Plan?
Still, the very next line — “So what!
They dropped a game to the Nets after that loss to the Knicks, but they have been rolling since then.
But that did not stop those who had destinations — and perhaps hopes of a sled run or a snowball fight — in mind.
It’s easier to be deep and serious, if you just have fun.”
The replacements came from two buildings in Iowa that had been demolished.
Sherry/Scheherazade always triumphs, whether she’s pitted against a homicidal king or a homework-obsessed dad.
“They come from Connecticut and New York, they come up here, they sell their heroin, they go back home,” Mr. LePage told the crowd, according to The Portland Press Herald .
In the final on Sunday, Sock will face Juan Monaco, a 6-4, 6-2 winner over Feliciano López.
But the morning after, Mr. Rubio seemed to get carried away.
Seventy percent wool and 30 percent cashmere, it evokes Irish fisherman togs of yore, but also, in its intestinal tangle, the work of the Swiss illustrator Giger, who designed the alien in “Alien.” Goop, which sells some of the sweaters, tweeted a picture of Gwyneth Paltrow modeling a black Vlad, calling Mr. Teriokhin the “sweater whisperer.” A few weeks ago, Miley Cyrus Instagrammed a picture of herself buying flowers, looking unusually fresh-faced in another model, the Cocoon, that suggested a particularly delicious bowl of oatmeal (the company had not sent it to her, as is customary with celebrities).
“The court finds that plaintiff has a duty to defend,” Judge Beverly Reid O’Connell, of Federal District Court in Los Angeles, said in a ruling last November that favored Mr. Cosby.
The country’s National and Transnational Serious Crimes Investigation Unit teamed up with the police and the local authorities to find the suspects, one of whom was chased hundreds of kilometers to the Tanzanian capital, Dodoma.
She soon learned it had been the site of the Battle of Fort Lee, and her resulting video travels through “the materiality of the things we know — bodies, skin, clothes, grass, park.” Timur Si-Qin Si-Qin’s “Welt Am Draht” pieces span three bodies of work (and five years) — and illustrate both his technique’s refinement and his continual fixation on symbols.
I had every thing except that letter G, because I didn’t know the nickname of Aqueduct Racetrack (BIG A) or the name of The Eiger , the “treacherous peak in the Alps.” I also hit a speed bump at SABOT , the iconic wooden shoe of The Netherlands.
Also, at the time the treatment was first created, in 2007, immunotherapy was considered to have dim commercial prospects.
Afterward he worked for an architect.
ANONYMOUS Your final point is, of course, indisputable: For such surveys to have any effect, management must figure out how to act on them.
Some paintings take 10 years and four layers before the argument is finished.
They gathered to watch the excruciating video evidence of the game, had conversations to clear up some of the most pressing issues and then hit the court.
But as Mr. Trump edges closer to becoming the Republican nominee, Mr. Peña Nieto is expressing serious concern about his rise.
He repeatedly asserted his innocence and described himself as a political pawn in Iranian-American relations.
“He was just saying, you know, don’t make this a bigger deal than it is,” Spieth said.
History of Wall Street Tour (weekdays) Stops on this tour, led by Wall Street Walks, include the New York Stock Exchange, Trinity Church, the Wall Street Bull, ground zero and the Sept. 11 memorial.
And at the Andaz in Savannah, Ga., some pieces on display are the work of one of the hosts at the hotel restaurant, the abstract and pop-art painter Jor Smith Michel.
” Neither Mr. Malin nor Mr. Fox would comment about why their partnership ended.
“But this description of love — the Romeo and Juliet version — is woefully incomplete,” he writes in the introduction.
Studies are underway to test checkpoint drugs in combination with cell-killing treatments like chemotherapy and radiation.
No wonder we’re feeling the pressure.
In the men’s game, del Potro is the great lost talent of this bright and shiny tennis decade.
And we will work to double investments in Early Head Start and make preschool available to every 4-year-old because our children deserve the best possible start in life.
Were you satisfied by Snow’s return?
“And they’re very kind, loving people.
The Bramble Cay melomys were long-tailed, whiskered creatures who lived on an island in the Great Barrier Reef; today none exist.
• 27A: “Tar liquid” is GROG, a sailor’s drink, because “ ta r” is a nickname for a sailor.
There is a narrow walkway behind the first row, and Curry thought he had banged his elbow against the step in front of the next line of seats.
On Twitter, Mr. McCrory’s Democratic opponent in the governor’s race, Attorney General Roy Cooper, posted a video and joined numerous critics who voiced their anger under the hashtag #WeAreNotThis.
But cabinet ministers are among the 700 or so senior officials who enjoy special judicial standing, meaning they can be tried only by Brazil’s highest court, the Supreme Federal Tribunal.
They would further undermine themselves and pulverize themselves if they blamed Hillary Clinton for this loss.
Mr. Cammarata is not a fan of the practice in which insurance companies pick up the tab in such instances.
“It’s just two people who are fundamentally different.
By that standard, he lost on Thursday night: failing to approach his own world record score of 9,045 points over the ten events.
In mid-May and again in late June, business-class passengers on Qantas flights from Australia to the United States dropped their smartphones into the mechanism below their seats.
Mr. Ganek may have gotten further than many defendants, but whether there will be full discovery of how the search warrant came to be issued that spelled the end for Level Global remains an open question.
The United Nations also expressed concern at the increase of civilian casualties in airstrikes by the Afghan government and the United States-led NATO coalition.
He is working on losing weight.
When the Rays went ahead, 1-0, he tapped Castro on the shoulder — could Obama have been gloating?
No other exit polls thus far have shown so great a gender discrepancy in Mr. Trump’s support.
Hastert acknowledges that as a young man, he committed transgressions for which he is profoundly sorry.” THOMAS GREEN , a lawyer for J. Dennis Hastert, the former speaker of the House who federal prosecutors said sexually abused teenage boys while he was a wrestling coach in Yorkville, Ill., in the 1960s, ’70s and ’80s.
As social comedy, I found the sketch witheringly funny and weirdly hopeless, nonetheless.
For Mr. Trump, the timing was especially inauspicious: It came as police shootings of black people were once again drawing scrutiny and protest.
“Mom, it’s me and you now, whether you like it or not,” Alicia announces to her mother, showing a new and admirable sort of pragmatism.
Three years ago, he was elevated to Chief Judge.
Art Basel, a major fair for contemporary art, has sought to draw in more Chinese buyers through an annual fair in Hong Kong.
I know there are many good charities that will seek your help.
ZTE has said it is cooperating with investigators and is committed to complying with the law.
Officials have said that no current administrators or trustees were present when Ms. Sullivan was a student.
And she would be the one to ultimately decide where he would be tried.
Evangelista, who works for a professional soccer team in Brazil, visited Barbosa for a couple of days here last week.
When the posters changed around the city, I hadn’t started working for The Times and had no idea that the change had been initiated and shepherded by a Timesman.
Freddie was way ahead of his time.” But all things must come to an end, and the morning skate, a game-day staple for four decades, appears to be on its last legs — not that anyone seems disappointed to see it go.
But it has not done so yet, perhaps in part because the actions of its own pro-government militias would be likely to come under scrutiny if investigators came in.
Among Snapchat’s new investors in the round were the Alibaba Group of China and the investment firms General Atlantic, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Lone Pine Capital.
No, absolution would come only from a higher power: the angel atop our Christmas tree.
No, that’s why his parents took the guns from him,” said Mr. Lockridge, now a city police officer.
By contrast, Fayette County, which includes the city of Lexington, where I now live, has seen an increase of around 67,000 in the same period.
Westport Country Playhouse, 25 Powers Court.
But that did not stop more than one-fifth of Republican voters, a slight uptick from previous years, from self-identifying as independents in exit polls, according to an early release of data from Edison Research.
I thought Wildlife Services might have a different perspective on the Treves study, and this is where things turned weird.
How do you navigate a failed curb cut?
Running time: 2 hours 8 minutes.
Mr. Trump’s financial picture is now clearer, but the form he recently released was too limited to verify his claim that he is worth more than $10 billion.
He has been making that trip every other week for over two years to receive immunotherapy at M.D.
3:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. Free.
They added premier free agents over the winter, and have the talent, the money and the will to make impact trades this summer.
He detailed his reluctance to enter the campaign, saying that he was looking forward to retiring, but that he could not completely ignore the groundswell around.
Arizona’s tumultuous internal politics have made it especially inviting for Mrs. Clinton, and most likely an easier pickup in the last week of the race than Georgia.
“Identity politics sometimes wins out.” The candidates in the two races represent the two largest immigrant groups in New York City — Dominicans and Chinese.
Sadly, how things have changed.
Modest and unassuming, Jones said little after the game to suggest that he had done exceptional work in perhaps the biggest game of his life.
He was the first boldface name I spotted, courtside center, bouncing up and down like a giddy 10-year-old as Stephen Curry and the Warriors gang took their warm-up shots.
Now here he is, bounced from his job as president for what appears to have been his failure to pay close enough attention to serious moral problems in Baylor’s football program.
Ten twisted her ankle and Mr. Apuzzi carried her off the court to his car, to hoots from the crowd.
The Mallersdorfer Sisters, based in a convent in northern Bavaria, had maintained a presence in Eisenärzt for 85 years.
“I think his method is pretty great too,” she told me later.
Three million users have already deployed some aspect of the breakup flow, as it’s called, by choosing to minimize what they see of an ex going forward, and similarly hide their own postings, settings that can easily be reversed if the future brings a change of heart or a dulling of the ache.
The crowd, most of whom looked to be under 30, loudly cheered his call for Mrs. Clinton to release the transcripts of her speeches on Wall Street, and his list of states and cities that now have a $15-an-hour minimum wage.
Mrs. Clinton’s current approval rating is 43 percent.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Wells Fargo to Pay $1.2 Billion in Mortgage Settlement | The bank has been in talks with the government since 2012 over claims that it improperly classified some Federal Housing Administration loans as qualifying for federal insurance.
Mr. Scott played a song from his own coming record.
The rally had the feel of a music festival, and started with performances by indie-rock groups Vampire Weekend and Dirty Projectors.
Then he survived the Soviet Union takeover of his country.
Earlier, Richard Gasquet defeated Borna Coric in straight sets.
On Wednesday, she squeezed fruits — a persimmon here, a Minneola there — as she crossed items off her grocery list.
Just a week before the vote, the country was jolted by the brutal murder of a young Labour member of Parliament, Jo Cox , 41, a strong supporter of Remain.
She has been a leading proponent of the starshade project, and outside her teaching, it is one of her principal professional concerns.
Among the awed and mesmerized is the theater director Robert Falls, who will also admit to some bafflement, if not quite exasperation.
But despite Baker’s prayers and hopes and the fact that Baker even packed for Chicago that morning, anticipating his team would win Game 5, Heisey’s home run wasn’t enough.
A spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a message seeking Mr. Cruz’s theatrical preferences.
He said he now saw the lie of so many of his favorite comic books that portray the impact of a death in the family.
After graduation he moved to New York, where he began working as a personal assistant on film and television projects and eventually became a producer and editor on MTV.
John Glenn ’s had us thinking again about a long-ago burst of national pride soaring into outer space.
“We expect kids to be getting as much of what they’re entitled to as possible.” The administration of Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, has started 88 bilingual programs and hopes to offer at least 50 more beginning in fall 2017, Ms. Baez said.
Steeped in his subject, the author delves into the ancient roots of Romania’s culture and religion.
A few days before the Bastille Day terrorist attack in Nice, President Obama was in Poland for the NATO summit meeting, his mind obviously as much in Dallas as in Warsaw.
It was just one example of Mr. Aitken’s maximalist ambition to make spectacular art commensurate with, yet critical of, the technologically accelerated complexity of modern life.
: In his “Cosmopolitan Vision” Ulrich Beck captured the predicament brilliantly: We have been already cast (without having been asked) into a cosmopolitan condition of universal, humanity-wide interdependence.
Then the 2005 video surfaced of him boasting about his sexual predations and women began coming forward to accuse him of sexual assault.
“It was not only because of the terrorist attacks, but also because the tech bubble burst and financial losses were even greater than they’ve been since.
The best we could do was to get you to tolerate them, but we could never really rid you of your initial fear.
Broncos 24, Panthers 10: Denver’s defense forced four turnovers, two of which resulted in touchdowns.
In their reports, Garcia and Zuñiga claimed to hear gunfire but could not say where the shooting was coming from.
For someone who was dogged for decades by a reputation for vanity and back-room dealing, Mr. Peres ended his years in public office as a remarkably beloved figure, a founding pioneer who set an example for forward thinking by promoting the country’s high-tech prowess and cultural reach.
Reformist leaders were imprisoned, and the window of freedom in which they had operated was closed.
They use one of the country’s hundreds of local dialects, each with its own quirks of pronunciation, inflection and vocabulary.
Prank phone calls remain a staple.